everybody dies not everybody lives we
know how much you guys love it when we
read mean comments and when we react to
them so you guys ready for another round
J meeting comments I have a bunch of
interesting comments I could start with
the first one and then we'll just move
it along we'll take turns take turns
sharing the milkshake yeah we're sharing
the mean comments milkshake can you
please stop clapping at every single
thing that one of you says because it's
really getting on my nerves
why do we clap okay so we feel that life
is a celebration you should be
celebrating things every single day with
your family and individually life is
made up of little victories and so for
that we like to celebrate we like to
clap we like to sing and dance and
always look at the bright side of life
and why life is such a gift life is a
gift do you have to celebrate celebrator
Wow enjoy you still can't sing people
you still can't sing people we can sing
is your any punctuation on that no
commas no nothing so you still can't
sing people okay people we can see
people I can sing people like our
favorite song people
people people people people people
people no me gustan las garras
que hace la linea I don't like the faces
that the little girl makes yeah-huh like
what like which one that one or this one
what about this one what about that one
what about this one
she's got so many faces the reason why I
make those faces is because people
always think that girls should be
sitting up straight and being beautiful
and showing the lips Oh
having the the poof ease her I just
think that girls can also be funny and
they can be weird and they can be silly
and they can have their laughing moments
and they can make the weirdest faces
that they can make because you don't
always have to be but you can always be
beautiful no matter what still not
wearing ten pounds of makeup how do you
always give me the ones with spelling
errors no it drives me crazy
yes and I love it out of having you read
what they say oh boy okay you are so
dumped for this via Dale you are so dump
grammar is one of my favorite things in
the world and spelling mistakes annoy me
hate comments with grammatical errors
really annoying me you win you win not
for your meanness but for the lack of
the P and the D are like well they're
away from each other so a dump is the
word that you wanted to use done alright
next hey comment the boy have a Moo they
are hard as e dumb people a moose oh I'm
thinking that he's hotel no oh my
goodness my brother is half cow
mr. monkey has a birthmark or a large
freckle on his chin
somehow this person has pointed it out
in a negative way which I don't
understand my birthmark is what makes me
unique and I've had it since the day
that I was born and it's something
that's special to me anyone can say all
they want but it's a part of who I am
and I was born with it it just is what
makes me unique and so I really love the
fact that you teach people and that even
though you're so young you teach even
adults about stuff like that that no one
is perfect no one is perfect
and everyone has something don't focus
on the things you don't like about
yourself focus on the things you do like
about yourself there you go
for everyone who ever has a question
about mr. monkey and what's on his chin
it's a birthmark and he doesn't give a
crud about those hate comments this is
kind of I don't know I don't know how I
feel about this one well they are kind
of ugly but still they're kids I love
this channel but when I say ugly I mean
like in a good way
how is that in a good way okay let me
start this on the there it's a th ER e
on that one it's supposed to be a th e
tie are on that one maybe uh she's right
they're there but they're kids I'm itchy
y ou can every sock I dunno what's
hilarious is that this one comment is
causing us to have a debate yeah we're
like literally debating what it means
whether or not it's there they are kind
of ugly so you're only ugly now I guess
so but there's potential for the future
in the future he's gonna be ugly so
here's one they going right to the point
now we told you understand this one ugly
that's it that's it ugly if you are a
woman of many words my dear if you see
yourself as an ugly person whether it's
inside or outside yeah then you will see
other people the same way okay who is
ready for the next one yes ah damn I
hate your family it's like every one of
your videos is a try not to cringe
because you know those people in the
comments are like I liked my own comment
because I feel bad for myself yeah like
I think he's trying to make himself feel
amazing by saying how hot its comments
search up try not to cringe challenge
and you will not cease there but you
will see a lot of videos of try not to
cringe it looks as though you like
cringe videos and my friend those are
the videos for you not these girls
however if you search for try not to
laugh I think there's a whole thing with
our family link it I'll link it don't
ever let anybody with negative energy
change the way you are and the way you
feel always stay positive and happy and
celebrate the small things in life the
big things in life but never let a
person who has negative energy try to
bring you down because it's not worth it
because there's no reason to get down to
their level you can't let them suck
energy from you yes right you have to
always stay positive and look on the
bright side of things that's right
everybody died
Oh ticketing mommy ticket and ticketing
okay you guys are so stupid and annoying
are you guys just mentally stupid or
just born like that get your kids to
think straight to reality I feel so
sorry for you in so many ways I know
that you must be suffering from
something you must have your own pain
that you're dealing with you want to
take it out on us and so you don't want
to take responsibility for whatever's
going on in your own life because it's
much easier to throw it onto other
people and make them responsible for it
but I can tell you that these kids do
think straight they have their heads
screwed on straight they already give so
much positivity to the world they are
making people laugh around the world
they are using the talents that they've
been giving so for this person who
repeated stupid twice I don't think
we're stupid at all actually I think
that what we're doing as a family is
Noble I think that we're using our
family to make people around the world
laugh to be themselves to be
authentically themselves and to love
their family what these kids are doing
is amazing and I applaud you and I know
that there's a lot of people out there
who applaud you as well on that note huh
she steals all Liza Coe she's jokes
she's not funny I don't think so I just
look up to her so I just think that
she's a funny person and she's a role
model for me and I love her as a
youtuber too this person be on your way
carry on carry on just get on and get on
a horse on that notes we get a lot of
positive comments the majority of the
comments that we get are positive so why
don't we finish this video off with
reading a whole bunch of positive
comments those are the type of comments
that we love to read on our own and
those comments can give us energy to let
us do more and post more videos for the
positive people please one of our
favorite things
when you guys comment your country all
the countries listed where you watch us
from so if you can please do that let's
counter the negative comments with love
and where you are and where the love is
coming from in the world thank you to
mini-me for 5 to a family that shares
their fun with us along with good family
education is the best thing on the
internet Thank You mini-me thank you
what a beautiful motivational video to
post mama B is one truly inspirational
lady and mum thank you for sharing this
smiley face Anna Hart thank you love you
dear AV family I just wanted to say
thank you so much for posting daily
videos for people to laugh and smile I
just know that your family raises our
spirits and you've been helping us have
positivity in our lives you give us hope
care and confidence I love your channel
and your kids are absolutely amazing
your daughter can sing amazingly and
your son is such a funny goofball and no
hate though just saying thank you so
much you have helped me go through so
much amazing amazing you guys have
helped me through a lot of bad times so
thank you so much
we just want to say thank you to because
we do get a lot of messages from people
going through hard times what we want
you guys to always remember is that
everyone has hard times and so Papa and
I have always tried to share with you
guys that it's not all rainbows and
unicorns
everyone has dark times in their life
you have to just survive the bad times
and get through them and take those
lessons that you've learned and apply
them now to your bright future guys we
get so many messages of people in
hospitals and you lost loved ones you
know your parents are going through
difficult times and what we want you to
know is that there's always hope and so
always look to the future because the
tides change I promise you that the
tides change but a you need to wake up
every morning with a positive heart and
surround yourself with positive people
and continue to grow don't stop growing
we love you so much thank you for these
beautiful messages your videos are more
education for me on how I see an ideal
family to be you have infused in me a
huge amount of positive vibes thanks a
ton thank you Wow amazing i watch your
bits every day you guys make me happy
you see I have breast cancer and your
vids take me elsewhere it's good
that's awesome wishing you love Nikki
wishing you love health abundance safety
protection and peace we love you and we
thank you there you be well maybe help
me be happy
free thank you from the four of us for
all the beautiful comments you leave for
us
thank you for spreading love and
positivity and kindness we try to read
as many comments as we can and we
especially like to show these guys all
the love that they get there are so many
people around the world so thank you oh
here's one
it's from not Papa B Papa b33
Papa B is the best and he's really
handsome Wow thank you thank you so much
for that you're almost really that bad
that's positive or sex that bro we're
celebrating the positives thanks for
watching everybody please like
describing Li to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left hand a little
theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
