it's been a while it's been a while
since we did one of these hi Shane
Dawson hello Shane you probably don't
know who we are we are the a/v family
and we've been making videos for what at
least five years at least five years we
try to make family-friendly content we
try to be funny now we have fun together
as a family we have been watching your
videos get the popcorn Wow very very
powerful very interesting we just wanted
to tell you how much we've enjoyed your
videos so far and we can't wait for the
next one to come out we did a video a
dear Logan poll yeah earlier in the year
we did a video called dear Logan Paul
and we talked about obviously all the
issues that Logan Paul had especially
with obviously the suicide forest and
that video got over 9 million views from
yeah we've had so many people write in
to us and when they see us out in public
say thank you for making that video
because it was so powerful and I wish my
parents spoke to me that way so that's
why we wanted to make this video because
we wanted to sort of put this in the
perspective of parents watching this and
obviously we don't watch the Paul
Brothers we don't allow our children to
watch the Paul brothers actually we
don't let them watch any of the acts or
creators associated with the Paul
brothers just because it's just we don't
feel it's appropriate we don't feel it's
age-appropriate at all I don't think
it's age-appropriate for anybody
actually I think the context is it
doesn't make any it doesn't contribute
to anything positive no and it's
actually it's like a big stab to the
real creators like the people who have
come before us the Frank Sinatra's you
know the Jim Carrey's the Will Smith's
the Michael bubl√©'s like people who are
really talented and entertain people and
there was a value there was something
you could learn there was goodness right
and now we have people who want to
become famous yeah they just want to go
over the top with the pranks with the
fake pranks this is why we wanted to
turn the camera on today say say thank
you to Shane for bringing this to
everyone's attention and just bring it
an even even higher up than it already
was making everyone aware and this isn't
a oh give Jay Paul more attention
actually no we have to talk about it you
can't change what you don't acknowledge
we have to acknowledge that this is a
big problem because they still have big
audiences so we have to address this we
have to figure out what
happened and how does this happen and
how can this not happen to future
generations of kids because really we
kind of mind how I not make the same
mistakes that have been made from
previous generations so so the thing is
actually I think people are going to be
really surprised at our reaction yeah
after watching the Shane Dawson's
documentary and then it's ongoing
we've really come to one main conclusion
about the Paul brothers and that is we
feel bad we feel bad for them we feel
bad about their upbringing we don't know
for sure 100% their full upbringing but
from what we can understand what we can
see around them is that they haven't had
a very positive parental influence
growing up just from listening to the
stories we feel really bad I actually
don't think that he's a sociopath and
what I actually think is that he is the
byproduct of I don't want to say poor
parenting but when your son spits in a
female's face that's poor parenting when
your son is Hankuk cuffing people and
thinking that it's funny it's not funny
actually whether whether it's a joke or
a fake prank or not there's no logical
sense in thinking like I would never sit
there and say well I'm gonna spit in
mommy's hair and just you know it's a
joke you know it's just a joke my gosh
it's just something that you just don't
do and if my son or daughter want to do
a prank or make a video like that and
they were spitting in other people's
hair whether it's a boy or a girl
as parents we'd be the first ones to
guide them away from something like that
and focus on something else so we really
believed that there was a lack of
parenting compassion from what we
understand it looks like the Paul
brothers were raised by a drill sergeant
you know be a man you got to be number
one and nobody cries nobody cares when
you're sad you've got to be better than
the other end yet speak about your
emotions yeah you can't let them out you
have to let out your emotions you have
to talk this is what drives me crazy
about our society today is that you know
we talk about people having babies and
babies and more babies but nobody's
talking about the parenting right what
happens after the baby comes out and you
take all those hundred pictures
what happens after what are you doing to
create a human being to raise a human
being because it's easy making a bit
it's raising a baby that takes work so
what are you doing to create an
environment of love of compassion of
generosity of kindness what are you
doing as role models in your home to
create that environment so that your
child can then go into the world and say
this is what love is right love is
teaching someone with respect love is
not doing things and faking out
eight-year-olds that's not love love is
being a role model to the next
generation and not making their nervous
system go crazy watching your videos
because everything is so insane as soon
as I be inducing oh my gosh and just
looking at Jake when he was little
looking at how he what was it that we
were talking about today she was having
trouble understanding his feelings and
being able to talk it out and I don't
know if anybody's ever actually sat down
with Jake and said how are you feeling
growing up how was it growing up at home
like did you did you have a lot of love
at home did you have a parent that would
sit down and just talk to you and say
hey how are you feeling not you got to
do this you gotta do that and the whole
competition oh my goodness so can we
just tell you that life is not a
competition life is not a competition
with people outside of yourself life is
not a competition with your siblings
life is not a competition with your
spouse you are an individual and your
individual life is your journey you
cannot base your success on someone
else's and this thing that they created
with their sons a sibling sibling
rivalry and a sibling competition oh my
gosh has now gotten them to this point
where they've done really crazy
irrational things that don't any
sentence you to one-up each other so
that they can continue because they have
this false sense of understanding what
YouTube views mean because eventually it
falls and you crash because we're
parents so we could say this and I know
a lot of people who are creating content
talking about the Paul's the parenting
they're not parents and they still have
logical views which is great but as
parents you know we constantly learn
every day but we know that putting your
kids in competition with each other is
not the way to go as parents personally
we encourage our kids to work together
to help each other in their goals other
than what love is
and we show them what love is
what love is we show them what lovely
looks like to us in the way that you
speak to me in the way we speak to them
right love and respect in our home is
reciprocal and so they respect us we
respect them not that there is some sort
of superiority that children have to
respect the parents but the parents
don't respect children right
that doesn't workers mutual respect
there's mutual respect and there's
ethics and ethics in common sense and
morals like it's like an ethic what is
your ethical and moral levels in your
home where your sons think that this is
right it's not right the ethics and the
morals come into play on both sides so
on the Paul family the parents of the
children that follow the pulse and we're
talking about the parents who let their
children watch this material okay so
we've always wondered who are these
parents who allow their children to
watch this and so thanks to thanks to
shane dawson there was a clip of a
mother that was pushing her children to
Jay Paul's house and Nick Crompton came
out and was trying to ease the kids off
the property and you could just hear
this mother yelling yeah like they pay
for you be careful with the kids thanks
to them except a check it's thanks to
then you have an audience that doesn't
make any sense you can't do that oh my
gosh
I remember you guys make them famous you
guys we give a paychecks we make them
famous
tell them to be what are you teaching
your children you do not go to someone's
home and then you make them feel bad
because you did something wrong no a
person's home is their home what they do
for a living is completely different and
so we've had people come to our house
and immediately we say we don't take
pictures at our home please don't do
that again
and now are they gonna start yelling at
us because we've said that that it's
inappropriate it's inappropriate when we
are at a doctor's office and our
daughter has a fever it's inappropriate
for you to say hey can I take a picture
with you guys she's sick she has a fever
she doesn't feel well but then you're
gonna think oh she's rude right no she
wasn't rude she's a 12 year old sick
girl when you're coming out of the
bathroom stone you haven't even been had
a chance to wash your hands yet maybe
not a good idea to ask for a picture and
so like parents right common sense
common sense you don't know that kids
don't know it's inappropriate to go to
someone's house that's when you have to
say them actually Charlie that's not
right Charlie you need to give know you
need to give people their privacy and
dignity to be a person because again
there is not a superiority because we
are entertainers and you watch us so
somehow we are less than you know we are
the same we're on the same level and so
the same way we wouldn't show up at your
home unannounced and disrespect you we
would appreciate the same thing back
right so it really comes down to
parenting what Vince appalls have as a
father figure as a mother figure growing
up what do these kids now watching team
ten videos or eating that's related to
that what kind of parents are there why
are they so hands off why are they not
talking to the children why are they
just letting them go off and and and
just do their thing and not monitor what
they're actually doing and where is the
empathy because they talk about whether
the pawls are sociopaths and how they're
so far from being empaths
maybe they were empaths maybe Logan Paul
was an empath
everybody is when you are born you are
this beautiful baby who comes into the
world and there's a story that when
babies come into the world they come in
like this when they open their hands
they release their gifts to the world
and you have love who have abundant love
when babies come into the world they're
smiling and they're looking around them
and it's us who change who we are it
because we conditioned them to believe
something different conditioned them to
believe they have to compete or that
they have to make someone feel like they
are less than us I don't like the way
that they portrayed to the Martinez
twins I don't know who they are never
watch them I only know from what I've
seen on the clips and I don't like how
they're portrayed to kind of not be that
intelligent they kind of make them look
really really stupid pushovers right I
don't like that because they're
obviously Hispanic I'm Hispanic it's not
easy to speak two languages or three
languages or four languages and so these
people who only speak English and only
speak one language I don't like the way
that they portray these other people who
may have difficulties they struggle with
their language who are struggling with a
second language that that's doesn't make
them any less than you that really
really really bother me and that all
comes back down to parenting where you
teach your children compassion for
others and understanding and really try
to understand the big picture you know
to really bring it back Thank You Shane
Dawson for putting this incredible
documentary together we love you we are
huge fans and you're welcome for dinner
here anyway Oh a nose yes we'll hold off
the empanadas until you come over you
and your boyfriend yes come to our home
you are both welcome here for dinner and
and what we want to say is again we feel
really really sort for the Paul brothers
and we hope that we hope that this can
be a moment of change everywhere moment
have changed maybe in your family maybe
there can be some healing in your family
moment of change for your careers
because I really believe that you guys
have the capacity to be really really
famous you want to drive while you're
famous but you're just using it the
wrong way and you can live in a way
that's positive and that you're actually
adding value to the world instead of
stripping life from it hmm I think
change for the viewers on YouTube I know
that YouTube wants to have an open
platform where everyone is free to post
and
blah blah blah but I think that there is
some responsibility maybe on youtubes
part to monitor more closely what is
being posted on YouTube knowing full
well that there are unsupervised
children watching we all like to do that
not my job my responsibility it has to
be someone's responsible to be more done
if I see a child walking down the street
and they're alone I'm gonna go and help
that child even though it's not my child
it's the right thing to do and so I
would like to call upon YouTube to make
some changes I would like for parents to
do a better job of parenting and other
youtubers that are creating for their
channel it's okay hold off the slime
video you can sit down turn the camera
on and it's not going to drop your
engagement your people are not gonna
unsubscribe if you feel passionate about
something make a video about it and in
the next video we'll make a fortnight
dance video right
but creators don't be afraid to go
off-brand it's the only way the only way
we're gonna change the world is if we
actually talk about these things and I
know it's uncomfortable and it doesn't
feel good because the other stuff is
much easier to do right right so let's
change our behaviors let's change our
patterns
let's rewire our brains into talking
about parenting
let's fix parenting in our world we're
gonna do it one home at a time and
that's how we're gonna change the world
that's how we're gonna heal it heal our
children right our most vulnerable and
then we're gonna make our way out okay
and that's how that's how we're gonna do
it one step at a time baby steps you
gotta crawl before you walk you gotta
walk before you run when we were at
VidCon we met Kati Morton lovely lovely
person and we have a lot in common
Kati Morton is a therapist and she's on
YouTube and most recently she's been
featured in Shane Dawson's documentaries
and she will be coming over to our house
to talk and make some videos with mama B
and mama B what is it that you're going
to talk about daily family loggers
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little feed will pop up and you
can
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice right
