guys I think those people are stranded
in the water go see if they need help
guys right over there you guys ready for
a kayak dang
so this is our yearly pilgrimage this is
the peaceful component of the trip yes
we will be exploring nature the
mangroves the mongrel different types of
bird yes fish snoozes nervous best
what's the drama overboard should we
touch yes we we could toss ya we could
toss you overboard and then we like oh
no she fell out of a canoe like that's
not like I always really she's got what
she was a special force matter by
walking over to beach bum yep give me a
long walk man is not a long walk it's a
five-minute walk understood and kids
squatchier destination yeah walk the
world don't be drunk
stay cool no job in school what else get
good grades work hard be bringing down
be humble sit down be humble guys like
uncle Kendrick Lamar says alright
next stop kayaks
fame and fortune
we're my back up in the sunshine
hello ladies
the wait it looks great
this is not a waterproof camera oh don't
worry - I'll do all the work you just
don't
so we're here on the kayak right now and
so my job is to be vlogging while mama
in the gala where I work I saw Paris I
saw these beautiful flowers in the water
the wonder women on the kayaks there
they go what do you see these skinny
fish I see lots of water a actually lots
of water to let me know if you see a
dolphin yeah keep an eye out for
dolphins and manatees
you guys having sweet moments cool all
right Selena Gomez on a kayak oh
 I got 101 job drops
hop hopscotch well you're here you can
actually get a free pedal and is really
nice because the sand is so soft all
squishy and with this coming they'll eat
off holidayed skin and they'll make your
toes look really pretty so coefficient
nibble my feet we don't even look like
father and daughters like I know Brown
your feeder this is like a magical
company there's the monkey he's just
like me he just worn a shirt and a hat
just like me because we burn but the
ladies to get dark
all right mama B time to get back on the
boat the most knowledgeable kayaker
kayak as' haha in Anna Maria Island tie
a Couture and you're certified kayak
atour yes that's it
my family's leaving me yes they've left
me here on the island I will settle I
will call this B Island and we'll
probably get sued by the numerous
residents someone's coming back to
rescue me I thought you were going to
leave me
Elsie we'll need a rescue guys I think
those people are stranded in the water
go see if they need help guys right over
there do you guys need to be rescued for
our YouTube video Wow
thank you take care okay guys I thought
that needs to be rescued but no let's go
shoot the pier guys
you need to be rescued we have a Man
Overboard hold on I'm coming got a Man
Overboard do you need to be rescued sir
if I get that content for that YouTube
video hi guys
how's it going are these unsafe waters
rigged okay that's great is there any
way you can call on one of us to just
jump around so I can get it on camera
you're standing do you need me to help
you because Rick tell them tell them
about all the crazy things they're in
the water I'm just trying to be as
dramatic as possible because you know I
figured it'd make for a great YouTube
video I'm not getting a good angle here
guys I'm going to need to get you guys
all right you got to save them look at
that Rick the kayak is just saved your
life yes
whoo everybody lives today yes right
yeah see that Rick is not only a kayak
kiss but he's also a lifesaver yeah I
might need you to go back in because I
missed that part
cool dramatic rescue caught on camera
never thought I'd see the data we could
capture some stellar footage guys that
was so dramatic I can't believe we
caught that on camera guys give it a
hundred thousand likes if you guys like
that dramatic rescue it was so intense
today we almost saw shark we almost saw
whale and we saved people on the water
with Rick and we saw some people that
were stranded in the middle of the ocean
and died is like is one one one like
equals one puppy save guys so if we can
get this video to 300 million likes okay
let's go see the girls we lost them we
lost the girls
awesome thank you
my god had a great day today today we
someone was overboard why was so
dramatic
I'm so crazy but I saved their lives and
then we found some people that were that
were stuck in the middle of the ocean
but then they were okay wow what a day
were there any sharks no they weren't
there were almost sharks in the water it
was crazy
were there any dolphins now there are
almost dolphins in the water a little
crazy
thank you guys for watching we'll take
you on these adventures with us we love
you guys
come on monkeys let's go eat something
please like and subscribe my battery's
dying so bye thanks for watching
everybody please do like driving me to
comments down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up a music subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio board bye
