celebration in three two one monkey are
you ready all right ready today we
decided we're gonna go to the dollar
store with okay I got it
the Dollar Tree we're going to get some
products that we're going to test monkey
are you excited I'm sorry okay let's do
this we got a whole bunch of goodies in
here very random thing so we're just
going to go ahead and just pull these
things out of the bag
yeah I'll close my eyes and then I'll
pick something okay first product attack
whoopee cushion
dollar store whoopee cushion all right
let's try this now this is what it looks
like and we think that you have to blow
into this I remember having these when I
was a kid I think you're supposed to
just like all right joking around
whoopee cushion no we got it broken Wow
didn't even make a farting sound very
not hmm Shalini
what's the slim jim smoked snacks big
these are a dollar a like a like a
dollar a dollar for a piece of me Erin
let's give it a shot
it smells like me smells like meat
Wow this is pure salt I'm kidding all
right I'm putting this away yeah thumbs
up or thumbs down the flavors it sums up
I don't really know what's inside of it
thumbs down
there's like nothing in your
mechanically separated chicken there's a
lot of stuff I can't pronounce so let's
not eat it
all right next oh wow of course you got
spider-man and also my terminated alpha
monkey this is our first spider-man and
Elsa video oh well if you could get four
hundred million views for doing a
spider-man Alpha video Commun expands in
water but what I don't understand is you
use a towel to get off water why do you
have to put a towel in water and then it
will already be moist right yes go on
put it in there for a bit that's what
we're supposed to do Paranal a few
moments later alright time to gently
unfold oh wait there all right
sweat no wet right now that works
doesn't smell like chemicals too much
melted rubber very impatient yeah we're
not going to do enhancement let's go for
they let's go for the full-on test here
alright let's see if it's if it's a real
Elsa or a bootleg Elsa - surprise -
legit that looks like for cut knowledge
that also
yeah that's Elsa all right there you go
fighter man and Elsa success here we go
dollar store recorder lighthouse all
those songs of your hands issues from
that Mattel No oh jeez what we have here
is we have a recorder and it's from the
dollar store
hey how are you doing over there papa
yeah I'm a hand you're no longer using
them okay hey
oh okay now they don't have pop-tarts
but they have toast can pop up toast on
pop up not like Adam bootlegger at all
what is the pirate reductant
hydrochloride that sounds like something
you'd put in your pool oh well it sounds
like strawberries look at the frosting
job on those good job buddy
that Russian was a little rough drag
your take one bite
please like eggs flour and pyridoxine
hydrochloride way I didn't get a bite of
like the strawberry mm-hmm more process
generation it actually doesn't taste
that bad it connotated like a pop-tart
but but there's a lot of stuff in here
that I cannot trust so we're putting
this one away yeah tastes thumbs up
thumbs up that was actually good
ingredients hmm
powder for root beer sip from a full
bottle of water to make room for powder
ooh what this has produced with genetic
engineering then my tongue is starting
to itch from eating that toast the
problem you have a problem here - thank
you all right here we go bad - bottled
water okay we have a wild water on that
one okay so we're going to do that one
oh let's see I'm excited okay here we go
have yourself a nice root beer from the
from the genetically modified root beer
box thank you cheers Cheers
No
okay gross gross no no good
that's not even fizzy it doesn't have
any fins it's basically like if you were
to grab five spoons of sugar and just
stir it inside the glass that's what it
would taste like roast okay
atomic fireball candy shout out to my
boy Larry thank you one dollar for the
whole bag
oh don't get one second after this we're
about to eat with a bag of salad I mean
it worse Oh blow blow he glowed love
gotta be careful you don't puncture the
glove I hope this isn't rific elizy
cushion is it one glove human you are
happening right man in some substance
what I don't get it
all right let's try it look what can go
wrong oh oh we got a globe love now I'm
just kinda like shake it you have to go
to the dark summer tell me all right
let's go let's go test it out the darker
yeah it works okay thumbs up or thumbs
down I give it thumbs up kind of for a
dollar I guess so
all right per our time retail value
three dollars we change but worked out
over one dollar all right we're gonna
pop these if you're not able to pull
this thing uh celebration in three two
one
nothing broken so it didn't work I have
to use another one try mine
yay happy birthday don't fire you
sorry guys fool yeah not bad
yeah did you film this at the dollar
store look at the people in this that is
so weird
okay so I'm going to try this cleanse
and moisturize your nasal passages of a
dollar put it in your nose you put you
put this in your nose see you now look
for the little teapot you're putting a
teapot of your nose let's do it here it
is guys I don't know if I should be
shoving anything from the dollar's broke
my nose what happened my Walter now so
that is a No do not buy that because
then I've overheard my father's yeah I
don't get that last but not least we
have goofy string from the dollar store
and a goofy string spray string blaster
please there it is silly string guns
we're gonna have to give it a shot try
it out you can shoot me you want to
shoot me
yeah okay let's go okay go ahead
Oh more for you my friend
yeah we did it we did it done thumbs up
because I got to spray my dad okay okay
this is kind of gross I think I'm gonna
take a shower now thanks for watching
everybody I hope you guys enjoyed that
let us know in the comments you guys
wanted to try some more dollar store
products and if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and we'll see
you next time I'm going to go take a
shower while the monkey cleans
everything up yeah well thanks for
watching everybody please do like
driving me the comments down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
