we're making cotton candy unicorn Phaedo
today we are going to make cotton candy
unicorn burritos you know what that is
yeah nope no way surprise the monkeys
have no idea I found this on the
internet there's a company called sugar
sugar I'm going to link them down below
I got this idea I thought on Instagram
somewhere and I want to do it at home so
I'm going to do it at home
so I mean I do all right you need cotton
candy for the tortilla yeah all right
and ice cream for the nice feeling kind
of thing I got ice cream and some
sprinkles for the unicorn dust and so I
think you two help it's ice cream
yeah so I'm going to show you guys how
to do it and then you guys going to make
your own cut that part here's that part
Oh letting a lot of claw okay this has
never been done before on our Channel
okay guys the first thing we do is we
get cotton cotton candy is it Oh
delightful
alright so we're going to spread it out
a little bit spread it spread it spread
it well so we don't forget it then it
may become for a little bit of that
close up though okay so we got our
tortilla cover here I'm just making a
little bit of Mixy Mixy alright now we
got our burrito right does that look
pretty burrito - you guys tell ya Ebury
okay we got it
here it is we got our burrito now he's
prepped it down alone anything hmm
we dispersed early visits and now we're
pressing pressing pressing with another
peep apartment
okay all right now good guys get that
reveal yeah got ourselves that close up
okay now I'm going to get the ice cream
this is the land the pink is the landing
and the blue is the bodies of water okay
so you can get any kind of ice cream I
just grabbed some with princess pink
marshmallow blue cake vanilla ice cream
with colorful sprinkles it's like a
cotton candy princess unicorn thing I
got some birthday cake has I got
sponsors just birthday cake wah turn
everything goes there all right burrito
burrito a little a little right let's do
one more scoop but how does even yo
sorry ah you know what I should probably
do roll it away likes LM sorry
this one looks so far oh you know what
we forgot right yeah I forgot the
sprinkles
ah all right we got some fairy dust
sprinkled here that's a little bit of
fairy dust with the jewnicorn does in a
hangar I'm gonna have to get that one
piece like that look at that oh look at
that look at that close-up we got to get
some flown on that oh I think we got you
a thumbnail whoa you remember okay let's
roll it
time to roll rolling close
rolling all right here it is guys yeah
burritos check it out
oh okay you know we're gonna cut this
open let's get one of Mama's guys this
is not slo-mo let's get that slo-mo
hey all right here we go here's that cut
oh look look at that Oh cries look at
this
oh the company's let the thumbnail right
here wow I can't believe this I'm gonna
do this now what do you guys think about
this I have an idea whoa because she
rolls sushi roll oh you guys sushi Lou
can you do sushi rolls ah I think you
can do unicorn do you watch what do you
guys think
look at that check out that close-up we
got a detail what do you guys think
about that
wow this is pretty serious guys yes you
will you guys want to try all right
Donnie - one two three
Oh
oh my goodness this is amazing
life-changing I've never had anything
that's great in my life
I'm not joking this is what every
dinnerware less guys this is a cotton
Kay unicorn burrito my gosh wow I'm
speechless this is amazing ladies and
gentlemen that was the cotton candy
unicorn burrito I can't believe we did
it
I saw it on the Internet we did it it's
amazing you need to try to perfect egg
first attempt you guys need to try this
at home
definitely because anything the only
thing dangerous is this so make sure you
can adults cut the burrito into sushi
places yeah amazing all right let us
know if there's anything that you want
to see any unicorn type things other
burritos or other challenges and yeah
I'm taking this with me and you guys can
go and make your own videos oh hey hey
so you can make your own yay scale of 1
to 10
oh you're gonna get well oh boy are you
doing curls mystery curls and eating it
all how to exercise and eat your corn
cotton candy burrito hey thanks for
watching my night
because then I have to edit a video and
then I have to finish back good for you
good pretty good this look at me so I
don't care I'm gonna have my ice cream
now she's gonna know I'm sorry I'm sorry
right I am the clutching tiny ministers
this cotton candy mr. master are you
alright little sickness bit although it
looks like your agent speaking a
situation just show the burrito okay if
we cut it now everything tight for you
now I got this okay please you're gonna
hurt somebody with that this is not
Chipotle you can hurry up and cut brief
the burrito do you know if you worked at
Chipotle they would have to charge $800
for a burrito because you take eight
years to make one let's call a body go
if they called suck Johnny I got the
close-up there is no thanks for watching
settle unicorn B thanks for watching
everybody please do like driving way to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio voice bye
