welcome to another popular video that
everybody does on YouTube all right you
guys asked us and we're gonna do it the
pancake art challenge today the monkeys
are gonna challenge each other to make
some crazy drawings with pancake castle
I use a ton of food coloring so I hope
the pancakes turn out we have some
photos some drawings
okay monkeys the first design that
you're going to make with the pancake
sauce okay you can make a blue or red
whatever either still popular right yes
okay cool all right so batter up
joke we have the play-by-play here by
Papa it looks like each monkey has
decided to go with a different color and
a different skill set we have mr. monkey
starting off with the ball bearing what
are they called ball bearings the
bearings and miss monkey going with the
frame of the fidgets Finnair oh my god
man looks really bad you guys decide who
makes the better fidget spinner yo it's
looking pretty good but look at you guys
have some pretty previously
three-year-olds man
those are pretty decent I'm sorry no
offense there girl but they look so
satisfied all right we got we've got
monkeys that's the but that's the monkey
pancake dance
we got the red fidget spinner video
where the guy like goes around with the
spatula but like you never know I it's
Owen
and I don't like it no I think it looks
like a three-year-olds in this it looks
like a three-year-old did what's wrong
with three-year-olds I mean no offense
but like you guys can oh that doesn't
look too bad
whoa art Bucky that looks something you
know what both you guys made some pretty
amazing fidget spinner person you will
be the judge to see I'm the judge
this smells delightful now I can't be
the judge you guys let us know in the
comments who made the better fidget
spinner pancake okay let's see let's
have a look at the plates blink them Hey
totally one man blue fidget spinner
versus red fidget spinner he totally
went here I don't know I don't know oh
by the way do you get is like my nails I
just caught today all right I'm gonna
try to put a berry in the middle okay
for the fidgets spinner right here do
you guys want see that yay is that okay
what if I eat like surprised shouldn't
be eating all that food coloring menus
oh okay let's see your mouth Oh round
two
please do not try this without a parent
or an out or a guardian present with you
because because we are dealing with a
hot pan and we do not want little kids
fingers to get hit I okay ladies and
gentlemen we have the pink emoji
next round we have we got poo pitch
going oh wow
can I drown my stash or my poop emoji
let me wake her no I use real food mr.
monkey and the poop emoji is nice
Cyndi's do you throw your sister's other
spatula - oh not bad Wow how do you
started your poop emoji yet no she's she
made herself a pancake okay alright
let's have a look at this boys and girls
is what comes out of your butt
there's mr. monkeys poop emoji there we
go there it is
oh wow you guys are going all out
oh my god that's pretty good
you guys meet giant emojis there it is
I'm gonna wait like bootleg bootleg
goodness if they like the bootleg emoji
Boop yeah enjoy your enjoy your pancakes
Wow how's that amazing well my eyes are
much - today's the spoon off bring us
so bad no it does what no you think one
for round two is it your radio voice
besito
we got the emoji the monkeys got the
giggles all right who's gonna win this
one Wow oh okay it's master yeah don't
eat this one please I don't want you
guys to get your stomach pumped
don't burn your hair all right you're
looking pretty good I think you're
better than what I would do this for
sure well not bad so
this is the thumbnail is this what's
gonna make it this is what's gonna get
everyone watching like that oh is that
good is that good thumbnail yeah all
right
are you guys let us know in the comments
who made a better heart face emoji all
right here we go
okay bless you for the grand finale the
Pythons oh she's already crying because
she saw the picture there's gonna be
like the most beautiful people to ever
see a bootleg Pikachu
I just gotta flip my mini pancakes first
because these matter more yeah okay
welcome to the bootleg Pikachu contest
who can make it right
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome
freaking amazing that's a bootleg look
at Pikachu you got it look be a lady
two nights well your Pikachu's are
amazing eyes
gotta use that yellow because my face is
burning because you both like my
beautiful for me is a Furby what is that
why it looks like like a character from
five nights at freddys that looks like a
five nights at Freddy's character right
there
okay I had no idea we could really get
you are gonna burn her no it's not no it
wasn't silly it wasn't totally wet at
all okay ladies and gentlemen the big
reveal who made the better pokemons and
that one looks like a puppy wearing a
mask from five minutes and Freddie
that's better than I could make yeah you
guys ready for my magic hanky looks good
okay guys I hope you like that challenge
thanks for watching everybody please let
us know in the comments if you want to
see any other challenges and now it's
time for the master to flip his design
everybody this is real look look it's a
pink burn you guys are entertaining but
to a pig hey you guys are haters thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
