hey guys today we're gonna be making
some crunchy slime with diamonds
diamonds why because I love slime and I
love making it and my dad also said it's
gonna pay this month's rent so we're
making slime and it's gonna be crystal
clear with real diamonds first attempt
what do you think monkeys I think it's
gonna be possible
okay the first thing you're gonna need
is something to mix in and something to
mix with so we've got up
the next thing we need is Muller Alomar
is glue so in order to make this clear
slime you need clear glue and Sonia and
some baking soda and some hot or boiling
water I think is just like hot water
baking soda I got baking soda and let's
not forget the contact solution all
right solution
we're supposed to put a little bit of
baking soda that's a lot that's a lot of
bit of baking soda all right let's put a
little bit in here okay so that good all
right we got a little bit of baking soda
in here and the hot or boiling water I
think it's just hot water that you need
I mean we use the kettle but so we're
just gonna pour it into the baking soda
just a little bit mix it in mr. monkey
all right so I'm gonna pour all of this
glue into this container and how much
glue you pour or how much glue you have
is how much slime you will have see now
you're supposed to pour a little bit of
contact lens solution
in there you just put a bit and you stir
right so I'm just stirring the glue with
the contact lens solution so now the
next thing you will need to do is pour
your thank you
and it's pour your hot water with your
baking soda into the glue and contact
solution now we mix so the glue and the
contact solution kind of work as the
activators which makes the consistent
the consistency of the slime that you
want just keep stirring just keep
stirring just keep stirring so we're not
any professionals of slime we don't want
to use borax we don't want to use any
detergent don't use books lino please
don't use your eyes what Orloj you
detergent in your slangs yeah look get a
very bad burn on her hands and your
hands will get your like your skin will
get super irritated so this is working
yeah okay that's clear slime okay so you
have to have a lot of like contact lens
solution and you gotta just like mix and
add there's a lot of these websites so
there's a lot of videos out there where
you see clear slime and they make it
look so perfect it's hard it's hard it's
hard to do but it's working slowly yeah
you should leave that really deep in
yeah and let us know in the comments if
there's something in the slime that you
add that's not borax or laundry
detergent that makes it like less sticky
you know we need guys we that goofy
slime music yeah
all right there we go look at that look
at that guys look at that
what really happy because it's turning
it's very very liquidy so we need to add
a lot more contact solution does Matt
see I think when you have like the
cheesy music everything's everything
works I think we're missing the cheesy
music guys that's crazy
oh is that our thumbnail no we can't be
your thumb notice we don't have diamonds
in it yet I'm so I've never been so
happy to see slime contact lens solution
clear glue baking soda warm water mixing
it up adding contact lens solution until
you get this I think easy music adding
cheesy music put more borax in there
don't put more acts in your slide please
is that the epic slime angle
so what's what's the life hack when you
have slime in your hands just grab a
batch I have a lot of slime on my hands
what do I do
just grab a little batch of slime huh as
if this was a this were a slime towel
just like this is super jiggly
look how jiggly it is oh my goodness
apparently you let this sit for a few
days well we're not gonna yet because
we're super impatient and we really want
to get to this line right now just deal
with the cloudy slime and guys yeah it's
cloudy this line that will eventually be
clear just let it sit for like 20
minutes and then eventually the levels
will all go away I think it's time to
put some crystals in yeah I think it's I
think it's time now it's time to put
diamonds in the clear slime and I
actually got real diamonds well real
real fake diamonds these are the
diamonds that are going into the slime
now I got a whole bunch of jewels box of
jewels here so we're gonna start loading
them up mr. monkey okay yeah it's
starting to be
is that if Britney Spears did yeah I'm
gonna get a bigger bowl I'll be right
back
at the resting pad the rest so that's
what it looks like right now
shiny slime but the monkeys say it needs
to be crunchy
so they want to add beads
no you forgot a diamond Oh Jeannie the
diamonds the final test will it poke
gotta give a little pokey you got pulled
it right man yeah man you gotta know how
to poke it yo guys don't go like that go
like do you even poke bro it seriously
is this the thing poking the slime and
yeah okay so we have hundreds of
diamonds hundreds of beads well this
actually turned out this actually turned
out guys oh my god this is like jiggly
slime whoa we just flew up level one is
a poke it passed the test level to the
fold
did it pass the test yes level three the
taste test I'm gonna taste it oh how
squishy is it it's really I'm gonna
confess I like slime better than squishy
okay I think we've had a great success
today
crunchy diamond slime guys let us know
in the comments if you need your own
slime if you try to make it this way
Oh No
and now you clean up no thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
me to comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
