massive okay so we don't have to hello
and welcome to another episode of dad
bakes what you've never baked this is
your first time okay welcome to the
first today we are making a giant
cinnamon bun now I can go to the
supermarket and get a tube and you don't
just open this up but that's easy and in
life you want the good things and in
life you have to work hard for the good
things so we're not taking any shortcuts
today we're gonna make it from scratch
this is the size of the cinnamon button
that I'm gonna be making it is double
the size of my head we found the secret
recipe to the Cinnabon cinnamon buns I
think we found it to make a giant
cinnamon bun it is gonna be made in
three parts you have to make the dough
the filling and the icing so we're gonna
do the dough first the first thing you
need sugars a little chunky and a stir
it first thing you need is 1/2 a cup of
sugar get at accuracy and 1/3 cup of
butter okay
that looks really good 1/3 cup of butter
ok
a hundred milliliters of milk 1
tablespoon of salt baking is kind of
like a science project it's gonna be
precise or else you might blow something
up 4 cups all-purpose flour
one two three four and now we need two
eggs one this is what the dough mixture
looks like right now we're gonna put it
in a mixer we're gonna add some yeast to
it to help the dough rise before you
start mixing your dough you have to add
yeast so there's a whole bunch of
different ways to do that I mix this
with warm water and I have to wait till
it activates and then I add that to the
mix okay so I have the dough mix
doing I'm making a cinnamon bun
interesting do you know yeah I know what
I'm doing this is the yeast it's a
little tricky you need to add a pouch of
that yeast with a little bit of warm
water and a little bit of sugar this is
now active yeast that we're gonna make
used and now we're gonna mix it try not
to get satisfied hashtag comment down
below if this is the most satisfying
video in the world okay so this is the
yeast going into the mix look at that I
got dope I got dope dough
you got flour dope but I got dope dope
okay we have our dill dough i buttered a
bowl and now we have to let the dough
yay hello there okay now we got to cover
this dough up and let it sit for one
hour because it has to rise that's what
it looks like right now it looks good
it's like the side of your head now I
have to wait an hour so I'm gonna do
something productive I'm gonna go for a
run so I'm training for my first ever
marathon I'm gonna be running the New
York City Marathon
November 5th I know it's gonna take a
lot of work but I want to prove to my
family that I can do it and I show you
guys that hard work pays off so I'm
running for team UNICEF as for a great
cause I got my own team set up so if you
guys want to help donate I'm gonna put a
link down in the description below
you guys can check that link out you
think I can run a marathon huh give me a
lot of work
I probably stopped filming a few moments
later it's rising mm-hmm it's a lot
bigger than our head let this thing
rides a little bit more and I'll be back
and you can keep trying the smiley faces
flower eventually okay look at the size
of this now we're all set so this is it
has risen oh yeah do that you see that
massive okay so we don't have to where's
lover what stop if you keep doing floors
level we're never gonna get this done
now we have to do the cinnamon filling
to make the cinnamon filling we need
brown sugar and cinnamon one cup of
brown sugar packed three tablespoons of
cinnamon
one two and three for good luck Yeah
right
hmm we have the dough we have the
filling and now we need to make the
icing we need 6 tablespoons of the
butter 2 tbsp butter four five six
tablespoons of whatever we need one and
a half cups of powdered sugar all right
one all right we need a quarter cup of
cream cheese you know my hands have been
babe I don't want to know where your
hands have been mmm I love the smell of
cream cheese in the morning especially
Hagar a pinch of salt
it's going everything it's not like
liquor always like right here half a
teaspoon of vanilla extract
all right monkeys this is a special
cream cheese icing this is what it looks
like it's definitely gonna look much
better in a few seconds okay while the
icing is being made and mixed we're
gonna clean this area and we're gonna
start laying out the dough
oh that looks nice
perfect Wow when I'm cleaning nobody's
around but when I pull out the icing did
someone say icing now that we got the
icing we are going to lay out the dough
and we're gonna start assembling this
cinnamon bun how's that for the dough we
need to lay down a little bit of flour
on the ground I'm not on the ground what
oh now it's time to press they see me
roll in you got to roll into like a
rectangle okay I'm almost done again I
think it like a large doughy rectangle
and then I have to put butter on top of
this so that the cinnamon and brown
sugar will stick okay time to butter
this probably need to fast-forward this
ooh thank you
now it's time to sprinkle the cinnamon
and brown sugar filling and now it's
time for the magic okay so basically now
I have to roll this tight into like one
long roll and then I'm gonna cut it into
a bunch of different cinnamon rolls and
then I'm gonna start assembling the
giant roll laughs yeah are you ready to
roll that seriously and this is gonna be
a while
how's that we're gonna preheat the oven
to 350 degrees and I'm gonna start
cutting slices okay ready
what do you think about that huh Wow how
about that okay and now it's time for
the Piazon sauce to the resist of the
top tongs this is where we start
assembling the giant cinnamon bun are
you ready yes you grab a cinnamon bun
and you plop it right into the middle of
the tray and then what you want to do
grab another cinnamon bun and start
wrapping it around the first cinnamon
button how does that look Wow look good
mm-hmm this looks stylish is that a
cinnamon bun or what in big kiss buns in
town it's looking like a cinnamon bun
the floors love up there comes the fat
guy with a drag not like whole life the
same old bread and pasta so every
morning just this morning okay
this is going into the oven for about 20
minutes at 350 degrees
do you wanna help me put this in the
oven so you want it Saudi and now we
wait
here it is giant cinnamon button time to
put this on a plate there it is guys
yeah okay we still need to ice this here
we go
Oh delicious it's just soft thanks for
watching everybody I hope you guys
enjoyed the giant cinnamon bun let us
know in the comments if there's anything
else you want us to do and we'll do it
and I didn't you just use this at the
beginning it's so gooey is it go a
delicious thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you had to
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you can subscribe if y'all who
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said it's my radio
voice but
