yeah welcome back to another episode of
Av family does crazy stuff on the
internet we've got some poppin cookin
and some like things is it like poppin
cookin these are like Japanese food
candy super kawaii today we're gonna be
doing a little challenge you both gonna
be making meals with these little candy
box things we're gonna see who does it
best and the one that interests me is
this toilet water one yeah so I'm gonna
try to make this after and we're gonna
drink out of the toilet
you guys ready to drink some toilet
water yeah yeah but first we must start
with main course I've got my burger
fries and cola here so I'm gonna make
this and it's probably gonna taste it's
gonna taste a little chemically and then
I've got some sushi sushi hamburgers and
then after for dessert ice cream ice
cream and donuts alright let's start
with the main course and we'll finish it
off with toilet water ready we've got
these this knife and this utensil to
stir and scoop these powders and a
little drink cup what are you doing sir
I'm trying to make some rice some
chemical right so what are you starting
with first the bread the fries we got
here and I've had the guy lot I have the
guidelines to cut the fries are you
making rice yes Marianne national water
you're making fries yes but it's all
like powder form yeah
how's it taste like like chicken in case
it tastes like chicken
so maybe you're making chicken nuggets
is that that's right so it's called real
restaurants case
races me so regretting some of this
yellow chemical stuff how are you grab
his white chemical stuff pour it into
the blue chemical stuff and mix it with
the yellow chemical stuff and then you
got some chemically weird food
look can you sleep you're so focused
it's fish that is not finished step 1
hold on exactly like it step 1 that's
what you're supposed to do oh you're
supposed to put your finger on it
that's so weird alright we got a little
bit of sushi going on here we're good so
I need the turquoise hey vegan meat yeah
the reaction is still weird the reason
why I'm going so slow like this is
because I was supposed to pour it in
here mix the chemical in did a good job
on that it tastes like meat okay I'm
gonna put it in here I'm making the meat
right now and it looks like vomit does
it smell like vomit no it smells like
like meat Eva that's so gross oh he's
making the balls balls balls oh that's
actually working with that it's cause of
your heavier kind of caviar so far miss
monkey hasn't built a burger yet Oh
sushi that kind of looks like sushi it
smells like candy all right so far some
yellow I think it's like tuna and we
have sushi balls with some rice and oh
my gosh see ways you cheat and the red
sushi and mr. monkey is done that's
that's it right there
well time for you to eat that take a Yui
test
King I think it's candy how's that taste
like sir
how is it
first impressions mommy so weird does it
taste like chemicals like wet wait you
had to get over here and try that hold
up all right
oh yeah I'm just wondering what the soy
sauce tastes like okay here we go
mmm don't go too far because you're
gonna be eating burgers and french fries
soon what's this yellow one tastes like
mmm presentation ten out of ten
tastes like four three texture texture
negative phony Dexter negative phone at
pho here's a piece of cheese for Mama B
try that
well and you tell me if it tastes like
cheese oh it's turning into a cola yep I
think you were sympathetic okay while
you're finishing your hamburgers and
french fries mr. McGee's gonna start on
his dessert what are you making sir I am
making ice cream desserts all right
ice cream desserts okay I've got my cool
right here let's test the Cola that
looks like bold coffee that's really
good
come on try some cool it yeah shrines
and cola
hmm gross
oh that's the ketchup and it tastes like
it yep
how did that taste the ketchup yeah it's
an ice cream that looks legit look Jack
- wait that's ice cream you're making
ice cream - GRU go see and then we're
gonna put our buns yeah and these are
our beautiful burger buns
what's that burger sauce yeah your
buddies that's a burger bun yeah you you
let's see what you're doing here that's
not bad thank you
look at that okay we got an ice cream
that looks pretty good nice mixture now
let's see how the burger buns are doing
okay so my foot so I put too much water
in my mix so what we're gonna do is
we're just gonna we're gonna put it
under
I mean hey everybody likes a whiner
charger yeah who doesn't
let's see whoa there it is let's see oh
we forgot add the ketchup
all right so let's try our fries fries
and ketchup is it gross that's
disgusting
whoo here have some fries why are they
so why are you so rekt go 300 first are
good let's try out oh let's try so gross
how's that drag yeah I'm just gonna cut
a tiny piece of it it leaves like a
really gross aftertaste pungent it's
just cool
well there's your burger and your fries
Let Go mr. monkeys making oh that's so
cute let's get mommy cooks to try it
thumbs up or thumbs down for the path
for the desserts thumbs up burgers
burgers not so much okay so while you're
making the dessert the donuts I will
make the toilet water and I'm gonna get
mama B to drink some toilet wire well
you're intrigued toilet water to stir
I mean someone decided you know what
we're gonna make a toilet and we're
gonna get kids to drink out of the
toilet because we definitely don't want
to confuse anyone and we want to make
sure that you know kids have fun and
learn about topics we're gonna
fast-forward this and in a few minutes
you're gonna see the donuts
I hope all right we got a donut we got
it done you know it's nice and then the
other ones in a mold that look mm not
the best but you know that doesn't look
at donut to me Oh looks like poo
look at that Wow got yourself some
doughnuts we have four doughnuts and we
have four people mmm that's so good
all right what about this one why the
crunchy that sprinkles oh good okay
donut time how is it there gummy hmm
which one the chocolate better than a
Kyle okay the first one would like the
texture is really weird only the
chocolate ones not bad mmm not bad
okay let's finish it up with some toilet
water guys why are we so excited about
drinking out of the toilet
all right he's doing the honors here we
go the toilet first how's it what kick
in the face hmm
ah okay guys I think we're done today
making fake real fake food you guys did
you guys have fun fake yeah yes yeah
that's all that matters this sushi how
was the sushi good grace it was a little
while the burgers how are the burgers
real how about the toilet water room
they're amazing
Oh whoo cheers guys don't drink real
toilet water if you want to drink toilet
water yeah well thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on
and a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribes please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
