oh really that's actually really good I
got one right here oh you okay over
there
family what are we doing today we are
doing the millipedes a challenge we know
how much you guys love is a mystery
wheel so today we put together some
crazy ingredients on here so we have
well we have a cheese cuz you gotta have
cheese on your mystery wheel but we have
gummy worms
skittles and Amy and tomato sauce so
here's the deal we're gonna do parents
versus kids what the kids go first they
get to spin the wheel and hopefully this
pizza on our side turns out great
whatever I guys get it's fine but and
you have to eat it yeah one bite all
these flavors are good but I like these
flavors what give it to believe their
grades not tomato sauce and marshmallows
but baby salty and sweet they like to
meet let us know in the comments after
we're done who made the craziest pizza
so let's go monkeys you go first
Oh
all right let's see the monkeys are
putting soil this is so well they're all
the same color
please give me the banks because in the
oven it's gonna melt and it's gonna be
like all gum let's dig up we're gonna be
like a gummy soup so then it's gonna
flatten and it's gonna work as a sauce
we put everything else on top we have to
we have to sample the product are they
good
you know what these taste like obstacles
you're right mystery wheel big
marshmallows with a little marshmallows
a little okay but you know what the best
is when you open up the bag and the bag
oh yeah okay you know what
yeah whole sample everybody sample see
how I get anymore first that's a
gentleman my friend is the real
crunching a Spock
okay mr. B put your Doritos on the pizza
I'm going to sort of flatten it out
because if you have it all curved it's
not aa mummy would you eat that pizza
yeah here we go
who wants to smell the cotton candy with
the carnival oh thank you
all right watch there we go tongue candy
on the pizza
guys it's a unicorn oh that's a
wonderful pizza this and those are
wonderful children the cotton candy and
marshmallow
doesn't see how many pepperonis you got
to spread the pepperoni love oh it
smells amazing
oh you better make it good Wow if my
calculations are correct then I I know
what to spin the wheel
we've got more Marvel now you're gonna
have two layers of she's really piling
on the marshmallow Wow oh yeah
however we don't choose its the other
team baby
they are our children and I know what
they love us and I know they respect us
they will make the right decision to put
something salty on this pizza I know it
I could feel it
we're gonna give you guys an mayonnaise
oh yeah mama B knows what she's we
didn't want to give you tomato sauce it
cooks nicely yeah it's kind of like a
mama be cooked wow you know what no I'm
not here with this this is fine I'm okay
with the Mayo and the pepperoni and the
Doritos Nutella but my colleague over
here said no we need to give them mail
okay
you choose so back here let's discuss
this for a second year what do we have
decided after a careful analysis we have
decided that you're topping will be
hey here we go you're gonna be making
cookies over pizza guys good luck guys
okay that pizza right now has
marshmallows cotton candy and cookie
dough Wow and the parent Pizza has
pepperoni Doritos gummy worms and mayo
oh wow mom I'm gonna tell on that Wow
yes mama B this is not a good situation
we're in right now tella Inez Oh
pepperoni okay so far we have Nutella
mayo pepperoni Doritos gummy words and
the monkeys have cotton candy cookie
dough
seriously though
did you guys a rate this oh yeah there
we go spread it nicely amazingly all
right I think that's perfect guys
look at that oh okay guys one last time
Oh Tomas
oh yeah yeah yeah are we doing what is
this mean that is gross it's like
sliding the cookie dough just like that
is disgusting
all right guys let's put these in the
oven mama B you're going to do the
honors sure the parents pizza is ready
all that is oh that's exactly cook
bye-bye kids pizza and now we wait
- the kids feeding okay it does look a
lot nicer I don't know how I feel about
these pizzas hey that one looks good
this one looks a lot nicer excited to
try this
what about it before of us try this one
first and then we reward ourselves by
all of us trying this one that sounds
good yes good get Oh guys the
mayonnaise looks so gross okay guys how
is it should Wheaton savory I just got a
bite of Doritos pepperonis you got any
worms I got a lie here to roll this up
and eat it
yes right Oh
yeah speed your riedel's within Nutella
really that's actually really good
I call them right here oh you okay over
there oh no I'm so grossed out right now
because I eat a pepperoni yeah and I
could taste the mail like the mail comes
and visits all those disgusting oh let's
have a good one now
oh yeah this has to be way nicer
marshmallows what else do we have
we had you know he goes 20 km on Haiti
and oh my god God gave me you yes all
the Grand Canyon is sick melted oh ok
guys okay how is that is it good is it
delightful is it delicious pizza this
has to be good because it's all sweet so
the monkeys really won this one the
marshmallows with the toasted fruit
loops and the cookie dough oh wow
the guys I think we've just invented the
world's greatest pizza it's so delicious
whoa all right there it is I think the
monkeys won this one they got the most
delicious pizza from the mystery wheel
guys I think the other ones better you
like the other one right yeah right all
right guys we love you thanks for
watching do you guys like this video
please give it a thumbs up and if you
haven't subscribed yet subscribe please
and hit that Bell the monkeys have their
channels too so I'll link that at the
end of this video we love you guys peace
we'll see you next time thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand our little
feet will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
