how's it goin everybody I'm right here
I'm gonna film a squishy video waiting
for my host there she is
she just finished getting her hair done
by the makeup artist yeah let's get
right to the video guys
she walked away some wow thank it cooks
me up man they sent me the biggest bag
anybody can possibly ever imagine but
you know what there's plenty to be
another big bag that bank is gonna sent
me and uh so I'm very excited for today
because first of all everybody loves
babies so why not get some random baby I
found and let's just film the video no
sign BK's babies equal views there she
is and she's coming with a pillow
what's that squeaking is that frisky we
have like this cake so cool it says
pearl cake and it looks really cool
because there's like a bunch of pearls
around it
let's see the squishy it's so light and
it smells like soap and its really slow
rising so a squishy yeah it is slow
rising
oh all right let's get next let's go
right the next week so this next squishy
this is called a puppy angel I don't
know if this is this looks that nice
is it squishy yeah so squishy all right
this is what it looks like it's a little
bit more dense than the last one not
really a slow rising but has like a
little right next question the next one
here we've got a little mermaid oh yeah
squishy is it squishy so it's like
really slow rising it's so tiny and soft
next fishy we've got a little bunny and
like a teacup that's what it looks like
and it's so cool so let's open it and it
kind of looks no it's a reindeer yeah
it's a little reindeer
Oh poof like it's way you know what kind
of pressed for time here with the baby
you know whoa wow you gotta check the
squishiness thumbs up for the
squishiness oh these are what are those
owls that everybody gets move wow thank
you so much bang good that's what it
looks like and now it's so soft is this
question yeah yeah it's real squishing
yeah the baby likes it
you guys are gonna like it too so next
we have this is called the bear head so
sort of looks like it's a little bare
bears Wow so smooth it's squishy oh yeah
slow rising eh so that's what it looks
like and yeah it's really it's really
light I find all these squishes are very
very light whoa what's this this is
another Lele one what's Maya's roars
this is another one of those Lele ones
this is a Lele and this is also the Lele
- so I guess two brands in one box can't
get any better than this
I don't actually know what this is I
think it's like a little animal with a
little apple what do you think this is
dumb low you think it's mommy can you
say so squishy no whoa look at this it's
like a giant well we're taking a little
lunch break right now so we'll be back
at you windows after this commercial
break
Wow these youtubers are getting younger
and younger
so creepy yeah squishy this is like a
bunny cake it's really big and lucky how
like the layers of like a creamy milk
Wow
snow boots this movie these are like
little pairs of boots it's er looks like
it's so soft and squishy maybe I can't
forget with your finger all right I
think we've got one more squishy in here
it's a pineapple donut
and squishy yeah thank you wow this is
so cool back is so smooth squishy this
skull squidgy thank you this one day
like this one oh look it's a reindeer
like that one thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe leave a
comment down below
yeah who's baby is good thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
