you're not making another fidget spinner
video no welcome to fidget spinners
personal digit spinners where the fidget
spinners go against each other I think
we're going to do a comparison yeah yeah
bang good hook this up again thank you
bang good I want to leave some details
down below he sent us a whole boxful
officious spinners so they promised us
they were the craziest ones they have oh
so today we have fidget spinner versus
fidget spinner whatever that means
are you guys ready yeah okay this is
going to be like gummy blue versus real
food you guys are going to do
rock-paper-scissors and the winner gets
to pick the fidget spinner okay I
promise there no snakes or tarantulas in
here okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot okay
alright which one are you taking this
time oh what's spinning or in the Wow
alright whoa
it's like an S kind of it's like really
weird in toxic charity it has little
balls in it like little metallic balls
you can like honestly like spin them
they're so weird so I need a minute what
of the spin since really good when you
turn that one it's like really publicist
here's the up-close spin it's very noisy
and classic anything could look sick a
tambourine I had a dream we were sifting
lemonade Hyatt's floor on the Bowery now
what I'm gonna rock you fear the dark
side of the bargain
yeah let us know which one you like
better
wait okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot
yes I'm gonna do it which one of this
next one thank you one heavy this one's
crazy
congratulations lean look at this case I
think it wasn't a case of the coolest
one let's go you know point of gears
I got a gear one I need to move all the
way I am here taking this to school and
this place doesn't hurt you so I'm not
letting anybody touch this is who need
the frigid cube when you've got this
honestly when you when you're spinning
disc this spins really well and you can
actually spin you could just spin the
gears you can spin each and every one of
the gears like if you spin one all the
other gears are going to move it so cool
and a little bit years you
at ease which one do you guys think I
think this another one yeah Paper
Scissors shoot oh I'm a shame somebody
rocks okay mmm
no I'm Jesus huh okay Laurie choose one
what do we got what we got everything
I think I don't look at this oh you have
to turn it to open it oh yeah heavy look
it's like such a clean circle what are
these nice house it's pinned so squishy
the slow rising what would be the word
here oh that's what you doing this is
weird because it's not actually led
there's this things in it okay so
there's lights in this one maybe a - at
night - yeah at night okay just have
lights in it I'm gonna go check in the
darkened theater okay I want to go dark
and it didn't work
I'm assuming that this should work
because it looked like it has a little
battery Vinny so this one it's like a
three sided and they look like
hammerhead shark head see this one
definitely definitely smoother who won
the fidgets versus pigeon this rookie
you want it you can some crazy ones all
of it Rock Paper Scissors shoot wu-six
one Eddy
Oh three two one wow he's not the same
one what different color what this is
sick
this is golden I don't know if you can
see in the camera it's like a really
dark pool it has like don't want a sharp
edge very sharp I just be careful you
can cut yourself this reminds me of an
you can't cut yourself oh good here
check this up be very careful no you
can't kill somebody with the fidgets
although maybe you can because I do not
want you to have a significant or injury
it would be very bad
oh I know how y'all let us bend yourself
oh no way
those are not brass knuckles it might be
it might be in my feet or for swag you
know guys look look I'm a bitch spinners
what yeah like a ring and like just
reminds me of like an eagle I don't know
why and no one is not lighting up either
now that is just a circle I feel no size
for you so there it is that is it was a
blade of wood it'll blade take a place
all of your knuckle kind of like a yin
and yang into that guy's ooh
smooth and sound the same as every
single fidgets spinner in the world
alright which in skins longer oh is it
still spinning yep all the way wait no
um okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Oh both within the same package Wow ya
one Sanny mere
like this is like the best fitness
center in the world to compulsively ever
bite you know totally get your money's
worth
a year ago if someone says you know what
a year from now you guys are going to be
freaking out over these little hand
spinny things whenever you open them I
don't like uh no I don't think so mom
it's sharp it's pink and it has gold
gears and this is how it looks like when
it's spinning so it's a mixture between
pink and gold how smooth is it it's very
smooth when I go like this is a good
right right so what's cool and then
calyx wiggle blades I can also be used
as a weapon I think I'm going to cut
vegetables with that I know right give
it Sonoma should be like oh so many
nights it's a finished
mm-hm all right that one looks really
smooth well that's what I think this
will smooth it one choice very cool very
smooth whose is this what you guys do in
class yeah my son's a time it's alright
you know what I want to make a
hypothesis and I think that the gears
actually made yourself a fidget spinner
it's been longer really yes
if I bring this one back with the crazy
gears which one be convinced it is a
spinner versus dizzy spinner he not
quick bait I think that Ivan destiny
over here it's diamond destiny which was
done in destiny decide when he called
the big Walter he's big Walter and
diamond destiny yes yeah
yes I'm still spinning yeah yeah it
looks like my ariana grande and then
Shakira rock disposition well uh I
choose position hey ray it's three two
one oh maybe we'll do species versus
squishies one day yeah so there's no
more here's one more
Paper Scissors shoot
simple XY one initiative 33 here use one
this is so shiny
but you spend this one on your finger I
think I look a biga city centre and a
smallest digit spinner all right so let
me go here we've got like the tiniest
digit spinner in the world probably not
the tiniest but it's definitely really
tiny there's no button you spin it on
your finger
there's new inventions taken at the
class hey like hey guys hey guys it's
actually hurting me while I'm trying it
what this Wow yeah I like
okay well Jacqueline definitely was
little one can go forever crazy and
inning by Aladdin's gets been school
because we thought that was quicker
never which so we were out to make that
steady figure well because destiny is a
very explosive CD outcome of these
fidget spinner versus finish dinner
stops Amy
I predict this one and folding stitches
out of the game this one is game run out
of the game
this is tangerine this is maraca this is
big Walter and this is diamond destiny
you have the weirdest name when you
think dinners big Walter's gone Baracus
is gone peachy versus
that's fun guys yeah thanks for watching
thank you to banggood for hooking us up
again with some fidget spinners they
hook us up with squishies I'm gonna
leave details down below you guys talk
about that let us know which one was
your favorite food is good we're gonna
be sending a rigid spinner to let me
know in the comment and I will reply to
you and we will ship some of these
vintage spinners
the winners will just randomly pick I
don't know what you get for free not
like I'm better yeah thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed there please click on the
icon on the left and a little thing will
pop up and you get to subscribe if
you're ready have subscribed please
forget everything you have just said
what's that boys it's my radio voice and
the same boys thanks for watching
everybody please like driving leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little things will
pop up and you can subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
