do you know what it smells like a fart
it's mom getting started we're getting
started we're getting started kids are
in school getting their education we're
here filming what are we filming filming
more education Lunchables versus real
food this is not to knock Lunchables if
you like it all the power to you however
this is the educational piece because I
read a lot of comments in our gummy food
versus real food where our daughter was
having the Lunchables and she don't
really like it so let's read some of
those comments and then we'll get to the
whole point of this video there's a
theme here the Lunchables prove how
pampered these brats are hmm rich kids
never have eaten Lunchables I wasn't at
rich kid and I never ate Lunchables just
putting it out there yeah my roommate
was my older brother for years and I
lived in a two-bedroom apartment with
five people with five people and I never
had a lunchable brah
I eat pizza Lunchables because I'm poor
yes honey boo boo kids eat it poor ones
not ones who eat leftover pasta
lunchable kids I eat pizza Lunchables
because I'm poor I'm going to stop right
there
there's nothing that I love more than to
address the people that call us out so
I'm calling out those people so I'm not
calling out the company that makes
lunchable and we're not calling out the
people who actually like eating londo's
you love it go for it go for it
we're calling out the people who
complained that our kids are rich kids
saying that that's why they didn't eat
lunch apples it's the complete opposite
we've all right Lunchables are not
designed for people who struggle
financially no we have never bought them
and so after reading those comments I
thought to myself okay I guess these
things are like 99
these things cost three dollars and
twenty-nine cents that's a lot of money
oh and this is what you get you get it
you get two hamburgers and some peach
slices now I'm a fan of peach nose candy
you get candy you don't get peach slices
you get candy for your teeth all right
two hamburgers and some candy three
dollars and twenty-nine cents each
I think you're making five lunches a
week that's 16 dollars and 45 cents per
child per week for lunch for children
this is the pizza these are the nachos
I like nachos nerds candy this is a
hamburger this and this bread that's not
bread that is not a hamburger I'm pretty
sure miss monkey unboxed one of these
swishes about two weeks ago nuggets in
candy this is not for people who don't
have money this is for lazy people I
said it I said it this is for people who
don't want to prepare real food okay
because preparing real food takes work
parenting takes work cleaning your house
takes work and saying that you eat that
because of the cost you're lying to
yourself
yeah and I'll show you why this video is
dedicated to those people who said that
I am gonna prepare three different
lunches for children that are way
cheaper and I'm using actual real food
real ingredients I've never met a child
that does not love spaghetti but I'm
gonna make the sauce
what with real Tomatoes what
real Tomatoes farm-to-table okay right
here real Tomatoes look at how many
tomatoes I got for five dollars and 31
cents 10 Tomatoes look at these giant
beautiful tomatoes these are hothouse
you can make them with Roma you can make
it with whatever tomato you want one
onion one dollar and 57 cents real
garlic oh my god there's people who
actually take pills garlic pills for
their health real garlic put it in your
food it's really healthy for you and
it's especially if I help you for kids
the garlic was 96 cents the pasta one
dollar 27 cents 900 grams of pasta okay
right
mamma's upset yes mama B is up you touch
food the topic of food I get upset when
transference you probably notice there's
a pot behind me that's one of the other
lunches that I'm preparing there's a pot
here with eggs real eggs I'm gonna let
them eggs boil for a good 15 minutes and
that's why I have them going already so
that while I'm preparing this that's
cooking I'm gonna cut them in fours but
wait a second we have tomato sauce here
- that is not tomato sauce but but what
do you mean read them ingredients on the
package this this is real tomato sauce
in the pizza no water crushed tomatoes
right sugar glucose fructose vegetable
oil salt is that xanthan xanthan gum is
xfn gum spice citric acid garlic powder
sodium benzoate glute aciem sorbet Wow
I'm gonna pour in some olive oil a
generous amount of olive oil I'm gonna
pulse it it's not liquidy there's still
a few chunks in there are the tomatoes
look how much tomato sauce from four
Tomatoes
there you go we'll do a little bit of
basil okay
oregano gonna cut into my garlic now I'm
gonna take three or four of these and
I'm gonna lightly saute these in a
little bit of oil while that starts to
cook and the onion what I'm gonna do
with it is just put it inside the sauce
so that the sauce gets the flavor of the
onion without having all the pieces of
onion inside okay that's going right in
the sauce cook these garlic and then add
it in three burners going look at that
I'm gonna start filling my water for my
pasta
one teaspoon of sugar to the sauce just
one teaspoon that's it just to sweeten
it up a little bit make sure it's nice
and sweet it's just a tiny bit toasted
that's all I want now I'm gonna let that
cook for about an hour now if you're not
a big fan of pasta what else can you do
tuna usually I get my tuna when it's on
sale I can get it for 99 cents for a can
of tuna and I can get two to three
sandwiches from one can of tuna I'm
gonna chop up some pickles
where's your mama B coat this is not
mama B this is don't be lazy use real
food use real ingredients
the monkey is like a lot of pickles so
I'm gonna put a lot of pickles there you
go
there's the pickle chop two cans of tuna
mm-hmm adding the pickles
Manny mayonnaise two tablespoons of
mayonnaise now you have tuna salad you
can make this into a sandwich you can
put a scoop of it with some crackers
that took you five minutes five minutes
to make the tuna salad $2 for a loaf of
bread versus $16 for a week
there's your tuna self and tuna salad
next when I saw how much those were I
splurged and got fresh basil for the
pasta and I'm still less than what I
would have paid for five days of
Lunchables is still eleven dollars and
eight cents well versus $16.45
it would have cost or a week look at
what that smells like made actual real
food mommy's gonna keep the mayonnaise
for the next lunch what do we make it
next I'm gonna get rid of the water from
the eggs be careful don't burn yourself
I'm putting
cold water on the eggs that I just
boiled so I can bring their temperature
down and actually kill them without
burning my hands any special technique
the peeling eggs not really
I am rinsing the eggs one more time with
cold water to get rid of any shells that
may be left you don't want any shells
when you're eating it now I'm gonna mash
it up with a port much it's all three
dollars
for how many days of exactly like six
sandwiches three dollars for six
sandwiches 99% of the population
understands but there were just a few
people who said well Lunchables are for
people with no money and you guys are
rich and spoiled so that's why you guys
don't need luck to you there's no idea
what we've been through in life when the
kids were little we lived in a basement
apartment we had no money I have to
stretch $20 to feed four people and so I
became very creative in how to feed the
family anytime you have prepared food
it's more expensive someone else is
doing the work for you and so it always
costs more money work work work work
work for an amendment Network work work
work work two tablespoons of mayo no
salt and pepper for us you can put as
much as you want
there you go egg salad done tuna salad
done
yeah that's nacho cheese oh my so what
do you say to the people who say that
you don't eat that because of money-wise
like why do you think mom and pop I
don't give you that because mom and
pepper are not lazy you have to be
really lazy to give your kids these
glucose fructose then slice citric acid
potassium sorbate
it's so a nice cool issue
it made like a sound do you know what it
smells like I was like a fart it's mom
oh that does not smell like him you know
it smells like chemicals it smells like
there are chemicals tortilla ones pretty
good because there's like chips and
stuff and lurtz know but I don't know
about this sauce no I'll do a taste test
it smells like a smoke machine Oh
costume store yeah
that aftertaste it smells like those
masks that you put on
maggots chicken water modified corn
starch sodium lactate potassium lactate
salt sodium diacetate cornflour modified
corn starch salt wheat gluten vinegar
powder soy protein bake garlic powder
guar gum Brown in soybean oil that's
what's in the chicken does it taste like
a nugget I'm gonna make the burger dick
Jesus yeah
cheeseburger I'm going to get my stomach
pumped after eating this hamburger in a
package folks so perfect
it's like taking those pop and cooking
things with you to school and eating
that for lunch you know when you like
make that candy sushi you make those
like candy hamburgers and you like make
it it kind of looks like a hamburger
Kahn tastes like a hamburger and then
you eat it that's exactly what this
reminds me of a nachos
no no peach slices of course obviously
KitKat fantastic how long have you been
cooking the pasta follow package
directions we like our pasta more al
dente so I don't cook my pasta for as
long you can eat that later with some
bread no I'm gonna add 500 grams of my
spaghetti I look how much spaghetti but
put the load of spaghetti this is a huge
quantity this is enough for us for
dinner and for the kids lunches the next
day but if you're only using this for
lunches this is more than enough to give
one child five lunches out of that you
can I'm sure you can get even more out
of that so I got some fresh basil put it
in that's all you're gonna do is
everything's cooked you're gonna stir it
around with the basil in it that is
amazing
moral of the story moral of the story is
we are not hating on anyone who enjoys
eating Lunchables if you do fantastic
carry on this was more dedicated to the
people who made a comment that it was
her financial reasons that we didn't
like it no we just choose to try as much
as possible to prepare meals with real
ingredients in them that's all and so we
wanted to show you some of the things
that we send our kids off to school with
egg salad tuna salad and spaghetti so
for the amount of money that you would
pay for five Lunchables this is what you
would get for $6 you get a week's worth
of tuna salad you can put pickles in it
you can have a tuna salad sandwich just
including the bread for four dollars you
can get a week's worth of egg salad egg
salad sandwich egg side by itself you
could put egg salad on crackers if you
whatever you want for $11 you get fresh
tomatoes fresh herbs fresh garlic fresh
onions you get your pasta you get all
this for $11 it took an hour to make
more on the story roll up your sleeves
get into the kitchen get cooking cook
with your family make it a family thing
try to put good things into your body
don't forget your body is your temple
you need to protect it you need to take
care of it you need to feed it good
healthy stuff and that's all that we try
to do that's it that's it tonight we are
serving pasta or tuna or egg salad or
peach slices and we'll have nachos for
dessert I'm putting all this basil in
here because I love basil and because I
love basil you all are gonna love basil
how do you have cheese like this before
don't eat that thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
