this is massive there's a 500-pound
ping-pong table and thank goodness
you're here to help me I've never seen a
ping-pong table that face like it know
so I just came down I knew that guys
were putting on the table but as I came
down hmm it was like a huge surprise me
that in a construction guy now not ready
they hooked us up with ping pong paddles
welcome to the killer spin family unplug
and play unplug and play Justin look at
that fresh cover rash oh we got a roll a
red paddle in the block dad look at that
perfection
whoo whoa jet boo Oh jet 800 Oh jet 800
put the net on see what happens
perfect spot I think we got hopes of
ping-pong table we got to play it play
some ping-pong for sure thank you so
much Justin no problem could have done
it without you now it's time to
challenge the family eventually oh
there's been a few months since we've
set up the ping-pong table we've had
some time to practice now and tonight we
are going to have a little challenge I
don't even know what the challenge is
but we're going to just battle each
other and pretty much roast each other
as much as possible do you guys think
we're a team you have nice eyebrows yeah
that's our team hashtag you have a nice
eyebrows great team love and cuddles
love and cuddles we lose and troubles
oh she hit it back so we actually lost
that point with all four days oh I got
to change my skills you I'll be right
back I'm ready now
yeah all right here we go
team on what we call team mop key
ingredient to the max y'all well almost
dished it back
yeah we're a because your behold hair
down there now yeah got it up a notch Oh
Oh baby
nothing no morrow
Jamie another
Tony am I wearing so we played a little
bit we had a little bit of fun and now
we're going to play something called
sting pong that our friends introduced
us to that basically means the monkeys
get to hit me with a ping-pong ball as
fast as possible though mama B's going
to record this maybe she well I don't
think so because the monkeys don't have
that much strength to like you're making
me wonder like when you do that I got
the sting pong is higher start with a
fire licking good man naked mama B
transpire transpire perspire bra are you
ready
all right he's ready for sting pong miss
monkey wants me to wear this because
she's wearing one so we're team to two
and hair I don't even know what the
rules artist thing pong but I think that
we can just the monkeys can just thing
me as much as they want the rules are
that there are no rules
okay you're the rules the person who
sting pawns me the most wins mama B
you're the judge okay all right
ping-pong let's go
oh my god
this is for you Oh need winning one
nothing whoa gave my head shove it give
it boy
whoa Optimus math is your strong suit
aim is not it's just something that
these kids need to learn how to feel
because aim is something that they've
never ever had now to work on it kids
you get to work on your aim
hello Morticia you guys have let it rip
and then let us know in the comments
moose was a better sting pong thrower
I'm assuming she cheated on that one
what happened sir Oh what I'm serving I
served in and philippson all right guys
come on you gotta aim that's okay they
got no a no a this is the no aimed a no
aimed in know anything you guys come to
work that's all I see we never know and
they not give
okay fine you know what you got to do
one more round
okay this challenge is called ping-pong
ball versus Nerf ball what hurts more
I'm gonna regret this is amazing with
the nerf gun oh is that it all all the
one alright guys I think that's oh I
think that's good for today for you guys
you guys you guys
that was awesome that was super fun here
alright I think that's tough
the world's first family base ping pong
night that we have all right guys I just
want to give a shout out the killer spin
for hooking us up with this amazing ping
pong table like if it was it's a
beautiful table at 500 pounds it's
beautiful and it's part of our family
now and that's it so let us know in the
comments if you guys want to see
anything else that you want to see more
sting pong who is the best thing power
in the world here what do you guys think
let us know we love you guys we'll see
you next time
thanks for watching everybody please do
like driving me the comments down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up music subscribe
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio board bye
