today I'm turning my mind to the Joker
why because why not today I'm gonna be
turning this beautiful woman into the
Dark Knight Joker Oh Gary oh I have all
these face paints or paints for your
face so that's gonna be for like the
face as you can see that's gonna bring
out all of the black and the red and you
know that's nothing her green hair spray
paint for her hair at the end and sing
out I've got some red for the lips and
the scars I don't want to kill you what
would I do without you circles around
the eyes because everybody knows the
Joker does not sleep at all how do you
know so much about the Joker sorry I
also have this makeup blender thingy so
I can blend in the makeup around the
eyes and the scar is course every time I
say scars I'm gonna bow scars so I can
blend it to make it look more rough and
more he just came out of battle with
that man pretty deep let's get
crack-a-lackin' let's open this up for
you nope and we are just gonna put some
there so cover like everywhere with the
paint
don't look at yourself you're gonna
spoil a surprise lady The Joker also has
some like patches of white stuff and
like his tone of skin as well so you
don't want to make it even you know you
don't really need a lot of this white
stuff I only did like this much on my
hand I did like a really tiny bit you
need to like dry up because then it
really gives it the effect of the Joker
how do you like the makeup tutorials so
far it's really easy for me you're the
perfect model mommy want to get that
effect if he came back from a children's
party and kids were just like kicking
him around now we're gonna do the eyes
I'm so excited Heather so I got my black
makeup and we're just gonna make some
dark circles around her eyes and
blending it with the white so let's do a
little nobody uses these anymore but
these are good for like Joker it's very
very dark all right close your eyes we
open you look up in all these pictures
they clearly do not put any makeup
around their eyes all of them they're
very careful be like hey guys we're kind
of doing the opposite Yolo and now we're
going to do the other eye let's do this
peeps this is not turning out as a fail
Wow and now we're gonna do the lips W
solves the results my father was I think
a drinker and one night he go was off
crazier than usual I've got the red here
now we're going to do the lips
it's good voila this is the finished
product wait we're missing something
please welcome the Joker
hi nice to meet you wow you just turned
your mom into the Joker
why so serious stop how's that is that
good
why so serious you want to know how I
got these scars very very Joker e whoa
my father was a bit of a drinker
why so serious
what are you doing here Joker well if it
isn't the Batman why I already kill me I
don't want to kill you what would I do
without Jack going back to ripping off
mob dealings no no you complete me while
today I'm taking you down Joker hey
where are you going thanks for watching
everybody please Lou likes describing Li
to comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
