smelled like Sinatra on here smells like
Sinatra I mean what's that thing called
cilantro cilantro mama B cooks mama mama
B cooks mama B we need an intro anybody
out there in the youtube world can make
an intro for mama B cooks
oh don't be amazing you imagine no no no
jingle welcome everyone to another
episode of mama B cooks and today she's
making green burgers I'm making juicy
green burgers that is it's about eating
healthy food food at home easy recipes
my trying not to cook anything too
complicated
but this is what I feed my family and
hopefully you guys enjoy it and make it
at home for your family all right all
right
doo doo all right oh you're making the
turkey burgers first yes as opposed to
mama B what are the ingredients in this
green burger the ingredients are one
package of Turkey we have two jalapenos
of course kids are probably not gonna
eat this it'll just be for the adults an
onion a couple of cloves of garlic we
have one egg a handful of parsley
one-third of a cup of breadcrumbs I use
multigrain bread crumbs to make it a
little bit healthier some sour cream
with the avocado a coarse salt and
pepper and some Swiss cheese to put on
top nice yeah all right what's first
Bobby I'm going to caramelize my onions
Oh
show me to help you chop no okay we have
chopped onions and now you're gonna
caramelize the onions yes and this goes
on top of the cuckoo bears and oh this
is gonna go inside the turkey burgers Oh
a little bit higher heat some oil mm-hmm
one two three
trapping they chop the garlic I like
your shoes
sleeping is my cardio garlic you want to
caramelize these for five to seven
minutes you definitely don't want to
burn them to the not over caramelized
onions and now how long does it fit 23
minutes the kids don't like onions in
their food but I will hide them before I
remove them the onions are commonly
dough's are you gonna put that grate
into okay home at two and you're gonna
save that pen because that's where
you're gonna fry your burgers after Oh
with the juices like the juice is very
Oh food makes me tense next we are going
to add breadcrumbs one-third of a cup
breadcrumbs a whole egg a handful of
parsley okay so if you want to add less
parsley you use a baby and make the baby
grab the parsley in just a bit and then
put it in there if you want less all
right chopping that parsley that's gonna
go right through the mix is there a
special technique to chop your parsley
yes
don't cut your fingers off
experimentation creativity cook with
love the people that you love first
Lee's going in there look at that
beautiful smells incredible what you
doing
I just finished watching a movie yeah
yeah with my with my barbecue peanuts so
we're gonna add our pepper 1/2 a
teaspoon pepper ground mustard Oh half a
teaspoon ground mustard okay some
generous salt near those colors and now
you just mix it up I know I'm gonna mix
it up I want to make sure everything's
incorporated first before I get my hands
in there because I don't want to like
squish the meat too close together I
want the meat to be airy mm-hmm
gotta be airy to meet got the air we and
that's it that's it that's it that's it
for the green burger really for the
creme Burke or the green Turner gonna
make the patties using your hands smell
like Sinatra on here
smells like Sinatra I mean what's that
thing called cilantro cilantro one
sous-chef frost you're fired
I'm Joe not it coochi noted or LC 40 I'm
going to put some oil back into my pan
I'm going to put it on medium heat
you're not dosing them in oil but okay a
good substantial amount so you can make
them any size you want you can make them
any size you want but don't forget that
it has to cook evenly right right you
don't want to be a savage so no there we
go oh that's looking delightful mama
beef no problem no stress our green
turkey burgers turkey burgers are ready
ready to go
so adult supervision now we're gonna
gently
oh yeah you make my dreams come true
when you feed me green turkey burgers
now I'm gonna make my pierogies what
super simple
crab pierogi by him in a bag I am in a
bag throw them in a pot no throw them in
a pan put the pan on the bottom okay
it's a special technique to opening
breweries and there's special you come
across it hands
can you feel as cross their hands like
your bruises Ellis's I got my calluses
Wow listen Sears houses from the bar
they're rubies and burgers some people
boil their probe's first and then saute
them i don't boil them I only saute but
it has to be a medium heat and you
cannot walk away from the pan you have
to stay by the pen we're gonna cover it
and again I'm not leaving from here
we're not moving from the throw you to
walk away they're gonna get burns what
are the phone rings no what's the door
knocks you do not answer the door unless
it's your children then answer the door
let the perogies burn okay where's the
bunny rabbit
you just keep an eye on them look at
these little guys it's already getting
colored here but I need to cook the
edges so I just turn the beat down and
cook doing this one Li that's it
Supermarket does a great job in making
pierogies how tall were the people who
made this kitchen I don't know they
must've been Smurfs guys this kitchen is
amazing there are people in the world
where tall guys apparently Frodo made
this one of those pierogies have inside
three cheeses and potato oh boy the
excess oil will drain onto the paper
towel some won't be soggy next all right
what's next mama B oh there's the knife
Hannah Daniels
there's the green jalapenos cut open
some of these avocados okay we're gonna
skip them out all right
you're gonna mash it up you're gonna add
some sour cream sour cream I'm gonna add
some salt and watch how creamy it turns
now fluffy see come up here
fluffy avocado and lettuce it's some
nice-looking lettuce sweet brioche
hamburger - oh nice brioche grill buns
what does brioche mean it's like a sweet
bread we kind of like that bread that
our Jewish friends eat oh the hot holla
holla and now it's time to plate the
burger join me to help you thank you -
first next is gonna be Swiss cheese now
we're gonna put our burgers
take a bed of cheese and lettuce avocado
green burgers green burgers green
burgers jalapeno hot venules on the
adults on the adults burgers so I'll
make these ones for the kids I'll do
that for ours the pierogies now throw
some Iraqis in there don't you get a
little design going on with the
pierogies sour cream for the pierogies
that's what's for dinner healthy I hope
you make them I hope you enjoy them and
let me know if you do please yes and you
only smashed your head five times mama B
this is beautiful I don't know if I
should eat it or just like Instagram it
all day P days okay I'm gonna eat it
thanks for watching everybody we love
you guys if you guys want to see
anything else that Mama B should cook
because I'm gonna benefit from it let us
know in the comments and if you liked
this video please give it a thumbs up
monkeys it's time to eat this one's too
pretty oh they only show up at the end
when it's mama B cooks thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
