here's Johnny yeah
Honda is the best thing that's ever
happened to me so don't ruin this for me
Napoleon okay I heard that the Nintendo
switch games taste bad you like it Oh
stick out your tongue and open your eyes
these are my dog does your dog Wow
what's the saw st. Lucy and the end Otto
Otto tutorials with MS monkey you always
got to put your hand in front of their
face to let them know that you're like
scratching their head or like petting
their head you don't want to scare them
okay try it with Lucy no except for Lucy
she's the guard dog she scared my
brother because she doesn't like Smail
okay she likes it
yes okay
Apple pan pineapple pen Oh pen pineapple
apple pear inspiration it's always a
good time to it's that cold no wife has
to have a full hot tub to yourself and
get other people either way so my mom
wanted to get into the hot tub blues
full of people and I said I got this all
right as a kid if it jumped into the hot
tub and it quickly cleared right away
monkey you got the pool all to yourself
and you get the hot tub all to yourself
okay comes in it's gone can I have some
I think mama be found a friend
is it here but ninety-nine bottles is
built on a wall 99 bottles of milk every
one of those bottles should happen to
fall on 94 bottles of milk on the wall
Manek 4 bottles on the wall
can I have a cellphone when pigs fly
give me your thoughts Thanks
what is this oh yeah oh yeah I'm bunny
taken creepy why the long face miss
monkey you know what they say people
with long noses have long fingers on
finger dreams you had to take I went to
the dentist and we charged me fifty six
thousand dollars and on Hawaii I'm not
sure come on through the ball how can
you throw the ball just throw it
come on throw it just throw the ball
let's go we came into the room and mr.
monkey organized rose petals all over
the hotel room monkey that is so sweet
monkey the bestest how she says lobby
Maddy
Oh Oh hold us for that one boy don't
worry mama B everything's going to be
fine I'm gonna cook a beautiful dinner
for the monkeys while you're gone you
know where my moments away my dad's here
and I'm cooking tonight maybe you know
you're not we're going to eat Robin
we're actually going to eat ramen
drainage oh and what does that do it is
a marble in and it's stayed in there yep
okay okay sting Pongo Oh Oh grand Berlin
I can't solve the puzzle
yo mama beep
I think we all have come to the
conclusion that mama B is Zelda here's
Johnny
turn ol mama B sweetheart I got you the
perfect gift I'm moving Jim you're doing
all day every day no pain no gain
and some other cliche
can I stop filming you guys thanks for
watching everybody please like driving
away the comments down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio voice bye
