today we're making unicorn frappuccinos
why why because they don't exist anymore
at Starbucks because in a few days
they're gonna be gone and we can't get
our hands on them we tried to go with
them tries to get some we're bummed but
you know what we're not so bummed
because we're gonna make them here we're
gonna make our own unicorn milkshake
frappe a do boozy style be stopped from
the new folks
okay so we have mango ice cream because
the frappe a do pole at Starbucks was
mango flavored so I got the mango ice
cream over here okay we have mango ice
cream I'm gonna go put that back in
because it's gonna melt mommy and we
have almond milk with the almond milk
and ice cream is condensed milk this is
gonna sweeten it really nicely
we've got slush puppy squeeze raspberry
and it's like this sour sauce and it's
drizzle fo-shizzle
and it tastes like slushies over here we
have like purple sprinkles what's over
here that's one of my favorites well but
rainbow marshmallows from Lucky Charms
you pitch them out of the box
yeah that's why my cereal doesn't have
the rainbow marshmallows anymore it's
pretty cool now we have the paper
sprinkles these are all I kind of like
papers but there's sprinkles so there
are tiny tiny bit and you can eat them
yeah they're like paint we need them no
what's this and now the PIO is also
resistant like we have these like star
sprinkles multicolored and all some
squishy and oh yes the special coloring
we have pink for the actual shake part
okay you'll see you'll see when we put
everything together to top it all off
what's this out
oh that sounds great
I like that all right okay wrap a duple
time you know I don't even know why they
call it a Frappuccino cuz there's no
caffeine in that drink right if there's
no coffee we're asking ourselves that
why is something called intrepid Chino
right if there's no coffee can the
baristas out there these comment and let
us know
yeah why they call the Franco duple why
anyways you don't see anything about my
unicorn shuffle an icy corn and now I
see I love you unicorn shirt jewnicorn
yeah what cream yeah and of course
that's not a unicorn I thought it was
unicorn but it's it's it's all the
bronies I'm sorry I thought Rainbow Dash
was a unicorn and you're like it's
anybody my little pony no because it's
called my little pony there's no unicorn
in that name it's not my little ponies
and unicorns or it's not my little
unicorn
I'm verify all the way are you proud of
me papa
and they get a car okay maybe we could
start now okay all right scooping ice
cream the ice cream so I'm making a full
batch so we have the ice cream like the
spoon heart would you like to lick the
spoon sir
and now a little bit of almond milk all
right we got almond milk in there now
we're gonna grab I don't think I've
really had an S note before this is
heaven in a can it's like super sweet
right oh my gosh it is so good you know
what I'm just gonna put like half the
can
okay you get to lick the condensed milk
are you doing how is it taste like it's
heaven on earth or is what you make this
alien we got to do this before the ice
cream melts the monkeys are pulsing - so
now we're gonna make it pink pink right
in there
a little dab'll do you and we'll
provides airless soup du jour hot dog
while we only let you sir try the gray
stuff it's delicious don't believe me
ask the dishes we can sing we can dance
after all mrs.
go on and code your man you take a
happen and you'll be our guest we are
guests please
more loose that's looking pretty pink
pretty pink pretty pink y'all is it like
unicorn pink god I think it's pretty you
want a new family unicorn pink now we
are going to line up oh yes we better
look at the head Wow so you're lining it
with that
oh she's generous fo shizzle my drizzle
hi mom look at your like wow oh that's
gonna be the one for the thumbnail angry
the bunny's gonna talk like this cuz I
think we've had unicorns talk like this
mom he's got a huge smile on her face
she's squeezing the life pleasing candy
alright
all right okay here we go
I'll do this one and you guys can eat
you gotta make it just the right well
we're having dessert before dinner okay
get a good breath dippers
yes Oh
rapid astok okay a lot of whipped cream
there right that's a lot of what greenie
out there goodie see this I'm just gonna
you can start doing yours guys yay and
I'm just going to put a few stars oh wow
that's so beautiful
this is the most beautiful thing I've
ever seen in my entire life and there
you have it unicorn
what Rafa Chino yeah no copy no that's
our oh my goodness Wow I got to give it
some like hero shots
whoa I like yours oh yeah
that's very nice whoa great job very
nice everyone please find their own
prepa Gauchos beef and look at that
couch oh thanks for watching everybody I
hope you guys enjoyed that DIY on the
whole unicorn Frappuccino milkshake
thing let us know in the comments if you
guys make your own and if you follow us
on Twitter or Instagram we'd love to see
your creations thanks for watching
everybody
bored mine we didn't make one oh yeah we
forgot sorry yeah how does it
how's it taste guys Wow
mama you gotta try it Wow delicious holy
Wow any time you want to make a
milkshake or anything add some condensed
milk Wow Wow we're made a baby oh that's
amazing
it's good right it's so good
do you love me I love you for your
empanadas and for your unicorn
milkshakes yeah you can for everything
that you do yeah you do that money
because you're the best yeah you do and
you make unicorn milkshakes you're a
smart man papa thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you didn't subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
