morning good morning everybody we just
wanted to turn on the camera and talk
about something that's been weighing
heavy on our hearts
lately in recent events that have
occurred recently there's been a lot of
news about this family and Philip
DeFranco who we watch and admire greatly
thank you for sharing that story and for
opening the gate to talk about it
because since then it's been really
really bothering us because we are a
family channel we wanted to touch upon
it because we need to encourage our
viewers to start holding people
accountable and so we want to be
accountable to our viewers and kind of
share a little bit about what it is that
we're doing in the whole side other
family can also share what they're doing
and we can all work together to make
things better for kids our number one
thing is that we cannot spend when kids
get hurt we absolutely love children we
do a lot of stuff for kids we donate to
an orphanage in the Dominican Republic
we donate to the Hospital for Sick Kids
we work with Give Kids the world we work
with Ronald Ergon around Ronald McDonald
House Charities and so that's what we
are dedicating our family to is
philanthropy through children's
organizations and we are actually
looking right now at opening a school
potentially Kenya with some great
friends of ours so this is I think a
conversation that needs to get started
and someone needs to say it the first
thing that weighs heavy on my mind is
when I see family channels focusing on
the pain whether it's like a logical
pain or physical pain of children if
something happens to a child we believe
personally that should be private Irene
it's real life but that's what happened
in real life in real life when bad stuff
happens you'll pick up a camera and
start filming it that's the difference
is in real life you are there you're
helping you are serving you're asking
the questions how can I help you what do
you need you're not focusing on men's
gonna get this we got to get all kinds
of immunity especially when a lot of
family bloggers say well we want to show
all of our experiences to our fans we
want to show them the good and the bad
ok so then don't monetize your videos
when you do that there's a test holding
your channel that you're a fan of
accountable for that if you see that
there's some sorrow happening with the
child as a main attraction for the video
are they monetizing that video are they
making money from it or are they really
just sharing their lives because they
want to it's okay to ask questions like
the kids that you see that Entertain You
what kind of education are they getting
are they getting an education they have
to get an education of some form they
need to be educated because that has a
real world we all need education that's
how you improve the world and make it
stronger that's how you have healthy
adults is by having healthy children
give them a good healthy environment
it'll terrorize your children don't make
them so fearful that they start crying
and screaming that will cause tremendous
anxiety in their lives because they
won't know when the next time will be
that someone terrifies them let's create
healthy environments for our kids making
them smile making them laugh as much as
possible having fun let's not focus on
the bad stuff let's start focusing on
the good stuff and then we can raise
healthier children that become healthier
adults on the point of Education we get
a lot of questions do your kids ever go
to school we always work around their
schedules we make sure not to take them
out of school and if we have to it's
only for a short period of time and we
work with our school directly and we
have tutors and we have homework
assigned and we make sure that they get
tested regularly to make sure that they
keep up with a class speaking for
ourselves we take care of our children
in that sense and we're super thankful
because we do have teachers that support
what we do and you know what we do they
love it they support it and so they do
stand with the kids at recess and at
lunch to help them if they're having any
difficulties or they need to get caught
up on anything that's how they work with
them yes our children are getting a
great education we are not going and
buying a Lamborghini we joke around
about that because we have a minivan we
have a family car we're still keeping it
real we're keeping it real with our
minivans keep it I like my minivan the
minivans fun you know how much wood and
cardboard you can put in the back bed
mini vary a lot you can do a lot of
stuff make a trip to Ikea you can get a
whole bedroom set with one drive because
we work with a lot of really
brenn and we're super blessed with what
we are doing
so aside from donating a huge portion of
that organizations that help children we
are setting aside money for our kids
education so that when they reach the
age to go to university it will
hopefully be paid for and so that's what
we're doing for them we're saving for
their education our children our
stakeholders they have equal share so
they get a salary and it goes into their
own accounts so that's what we do to
protect our children to make sure that
they are safe with their money and the
money that's been made with what we do
for them because they are entertainers
they're entertaining the world they're
making you guys laugh they're singing
and doing a whole bunch of fun stuff to
hopefully bring you a little bit of joy
in your day and so for that we are
making sure that they are being
compensated for that and that they have
security when they get older
legally our children would not allow me
to buy a Lamborghini she wouldn't let me
be like yeah there has to be a vote in
the company that's how we protect our
children that's how we protect our
family that's how we continue to do what
we do is share all of our positive
experiences and focus on the good
whether it's making you laugh or it's
helping other people around the world
and it's okay to ask that question of
the people that you watch what is your
key message what is the message you're
portraying for us we just want to show
people it's okay to have fun with your
family it's okay to be goofy it's okay
to be silly with each other have fun
laugh together having laughter in your
home have lots of love love each other
make time for each other that's what we
think makes a healthy family is making
time for each other being patient
listening to each other understanding
each other having a dance party together
dance parties are fun and that's what we
do as a family and that's what we want
to share in the world
that's our messy message that's our key
message and we believe in it and we
believe in it and we band by it we stand
by it we stand firm so this is what we
wanted to talk about today because it
didn't sit well with us it shouldn't sit
well with you so when you see images of
kids suffering like let's not just no
that's too bad let's not ignoring let's
let's hold people I don't ask questions
hold people accountable why why are the
kids suffering what can we do to help
them who do we need to ask questions to
that's okay guys we're living in that
great time now I know people are like oh
your family gives me hope in such a dark
world no we are living in the greatest
time ever because we are asking
questions and we are holding people
accountable and we're saying not anymore
no this is not how it's going to
continue things have not worked for
whatever reason till this point now
we're going to change it we're going to
fix it and we're going to make it better
that's the greatest thing about the time
that we're living in now is that people
are standing and saying no not anymore
enough soon enough and we're going to
continue and as viewers you're going to
continue to ask questions and continue
to hold people accountable for until the
answer something has to be done don't
just stand by and not say anything you
got to say something and so this is our
way of saying something if you're
watching out there and you're going
through some troubles at home just
remember that there are people out there
that understand and are watching but
talk to someone talk to someone get help
as much as possible if you're a child
and you don't feel like you have help
speak to a teacher speak to another
adult and just try to get as much help
as possible and if you feel helpless
just remember that there are people that
love you there's lots of helpers out
there look for the helpers on that note
on that note we love you guys and we
love all the kids we just want to make
the world a better place
is really what ultimately we want to do
and so it starts with kids
it starts with making sure kids are
protected kids are safe and kids are
happy and they're being kids kids need
to be kids you only get one childhood
let them have the best childhood that
they can please don't terrify kids make
sure they're happy they're safe they're
getting an education and they're having
as much fun as possible yeah we love you
guys we love you guys have an amazing
day
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow thanks
for watching everybody please do like
driving leave a comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left and a little
thing will pop up and you zippe
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
which is my radio board by
