hey what's in that bag oh just a giant
inflatable battle bus I got a message
from spirit Halloween last week and they
said would you like to have a bunch of
fortnight's web so what do you think I
said
you have quotas yeah so that works yes
of course and you know what I had no
idea they're going to send me this which
is an inflatable battle bus go to the
four night battle bus that you need to
do to do to do that is in this bag okay
so you know how in during Halloween or
during the holiday season they have
inflatable Santa Clauses and the
inflatable reindeers battle us
inflatable battle bus so monkeys are
downstairs playing they got their
headphones on they have no idea I got
this battle bus so I'm gonna hook it up
in the backyard Oh what do you think you
should take it dad I'm gonna surprise
them yeah you know what this is more for
me because this stuff I think more than
them so let's inflate this baby let's go
okay I got the battle bus I'm gonna
start taking it apart here we see how
long it takes to put together and then
I'm gonna call the monkeys out Surprise
them if everything works out well we're
gonna have a battle bus in the backyard
okay this thing is massive I I knew is
gonna be big but this is huge
all right pegs and ropes I guess it
doesn't fly away imagine if it flew away
all right monkeys open your eyes it's a
battle bus yo what's up we're just
chilling here you want to just keep it
here all year round
I wish you could like go in it and then
you can like go up like up there and
then you can start
what's your favorite part of the battle
bus my favorite part has to be just
behind the VBox sign you look at guys
the detail
okay this took me like honestly it took
about 20 minutes to put together guys
this is it look at the detail look at
this you look good you're on the battle
bus you want to jump off the battle bus
be told she jumped off the battle bus
whoa okay guys that's it what do you
think what did you about the battle bus
on a scale of one to ten eleven Julian
billion gazillion billion I would say
ten okay guys I know you're gonna ask
spirit Halloween is the place to get the
inflatable battle bus and they sent this
to us I'm gonna link their details down
below go to spirit Halloween check them
out click on inflatable battle bus they
have all kinds of fortnight's stuff
legit this is the legit stuff the real
deal epic games for nice stuff guys
check it out we love you guys and now
I'm gonna fill this up with hot air
we're gonna go for a ride really yes no
not really
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand our little feed will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
