just run
one
we've never been to Vegas and that's the
next yeah that's right Vegas so I hope
you guys had your fake ID
there's no it again there you lot okay
welcome to my classroom we are going to
dance at the family she's like oh ho I'm
going back here if I take one Hey
and hey everyone where I ain't got
family you ready what we haven't had a
booth hey Derek we love a challenge
that's right
when I say Road you say trip you guys
are losing well I think if someone just
take it now hey because now my piles is
sick
where's your pile right here but someone
keeps pinky out coma okay no more taking
me to pay I'm not taking any week I am
telling the environment a big crater
Valerie got here yeah hey there ABS most
people don't even realize that at bottom
oh it is what's happening like happening
just something for first got something
what are you
Oh
don't cause a community circle under my
okay I've got a bag we have something
else happened how much fun was this trip
this trip was so much fun I can't
believe how fun I know sorry we excited
to go from coast to coast son I was
still
she was a really slow truck Justin some
of the highlights for me on this trip
you're busting my shot man all right
okay
thanks for watching everybody please
like driving away the comments down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up a music
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said my radio voice bye
