today we are on our way to emcee at a
charity event for the Ronald McDonald
House Charities we're super excited to
do this because there's gonna be all
kinds of games and all kinds of dancing
and there's like a large twister board
and it's gonna be like storm troopers
we're on our way there let's do this
this is the first time you're am seeing
an event monkeys yeah really
that's why you don't play with it you
guys again pumped we're on at 11:00 I
think this is the first time we've
emptied an event and this is 48 amazing
cause Ronald McDonald House Charities
for 1,800 people it sold out so I was
asking if more families can come today
they said no they sold out 1800 tickets
this place is going to be grand with
having fun all for a good cause Ronald
McDonald House Charities Toronto chapter
yes so we're gonna play some music
oh yeah hum are you guys ready to do
this
all right mama B it's almost time
and they've got another good feeling you
gotta bump it up right now here we go
miss monkey let's toss some squishy
chickens we gotta get mama beyond this
it's been a year in the making putting
this together the first annual preset
and we thought to be a part of it
everything
having a blast guys thank you for
inviting us Ronald McDonald House go and
thank you guys for your support thank
you guys for watching before we go
though we need to put mama B on
something
I believe I can try
so how do you feel I'm out of breath but
it was so much fun
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
