chicken squidgy this is yeah
oh hey there
I didn't see my ransom and today I'm
gonna be doing something really a saying
so today I'm actually gonna be opening
squishy toys you guys know that I really
like switchings so I thought today I'd
do a squeaky didn't have them so all
right so let's get crack-a-lackin' baby
so I got this huge package of switching
point I'm like so excited because today
is like my special thing let me just
zoom in that's kinda
hey Mia assumed in I hope you guys are
happy
hmm so long as my I know there's open e
and then I got my thumbnail come on
focus
see I got a nice and dog it's so sweet
genius so the first things that I have
two guys today me this giant already
toast croissants now this is a says
cannot eat
it's a jumbo croissants it's baked it
has some brown stuff on it so it means
it's like chocolate or something so
let's get cranking I don't know what
open the gates
I don't know one police give me some
scissors
Wow I could see sister his breakfast I
was running with scissors and I'd like
to live dangerously
you almost killed me as you can see I
cut a really nice clean line very nice
oh my gosh this is so scratchy it's so
soft
oh my gosh like goodnight but they even
Hank why is this so squishy and soft I
squished it to the core it's already
switched I can't scratch it anymore so
I'm gonna show you guys it's so bright
right now it's so bright it's so flimsy
and soft big gray shop tank it's really
I really want to packaging cupcake shop
daily French since 1982 summarizing
squishy but it just sounds it's from a
cupcake shelf and it's a squidgy so can
I eat it and wait this product is easy
to be deformed perishable and easy to
cause a furnace do not place in the high
temperature humidity made in China
shout-out to China I really like your
China
your people are really nice and I like
your food
shout out to bang good I really like
bang good because they're like the best
4G it's called company ever
so get your squeegees from bang good
today
so in this next one it's the cake the
packaging is really screwed on up like
the box
that doesn't look like a cupcake at all
it's so weird when you deal with my name
well that's wrong a slow rising it
smells world of good this punchy as you
can tell when it is good you like air
comes out would be the name with nice
it has a bunch of red lines on it see
that and they're all different levels
late but it's got a pretty dumb song
sorry for my sin no that was really that
really harm a second taste and stern a
lunch I had blueberry pancakes with some
maple syrup a chicken sandwich and some
waffle fries the next thing I have
another sweet cake that's cute
it weren't a best cake award so that's
what she has to be pretty good see it
says right there best can't go warn oh
my gosh this cake gets old pretty it's
white prettier than this everyone this
has a lot of strawberries on it
this is so soft they limit someone oh it
smells like a baby's bottom
not that I know how it feels see that
one the air comes out - I don't
understand why they do mine's very
surprising this reminds me of a keeper a
little rose pink that I have from been
good been good I want hear that you're
the best I love you so much can't be
part of my family thanks
so this is so amazing are you freaking
kidding me it's still rising
what thank this is still rising guys I'm
in love with the shape love you we push
it feel like a man dancing whoa I got a
cheeseburger on the packaging is Rolla
creepy but some whatever man it's a
chance burger I love cheeseburgers Wow
best in town so that's what the burger
looks like it's a relish off wow this is
so realistic so soft and so it squishes
the rising this is what it looks like
it's so realistic wow that's really nice
that was also a chunky one I can taste
the lunch that I had in February next
thing I pulled out is an ice cream it's
a waffle cone know when this is such an
not an ordinary switches it looks like a
pizza with all the toppings why not like
a real self
this one smells really nice
tonight I'm gonna watch a movie just so
you know it's really hard to explain
what this is I don't know if it's a food
or something it's a king Janet oh that's
so cute it's holding a little heart just
for me because everybody loves him
anymore
it's really soft and slow rising all
right so this is one of Amy's baby don't
you play oh wow that's so soft like so
sweat jeans the light in so that's the
pans ahead I'm gonna call it the panty
hats okay that's what it's go
it's mommy chubby
I got another bland PO pandas wedding
thanks ty creepy virus so it's a husband
and a wife pants up
oh my gosh that's so cute really slow
rising and soft that was a junkie one
alright so the next question you have
here is this other kink thing this one
is really cool because it's blue with
almost strawberries and the lines and
everything switchy it's so soft and slow
rising it's really nice and pretty
we're at this one sorry not sorry
alright eats for watching everybody
please like subscribe leave a comment
down below if you wanna buy your own
banget squid cheese
I'll leave details in the link below too
big so um yeah something good is fixed
thanks for watching please like
subscribe leave a comment down below
even though I already said that you just
go enjoy thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said
first is my radio voice bye
