final destination in the road trip we
made it to New York City guys let's see
this awesome view guys yep that's the
New York view haha this is what three
weeks of traveling looks like pretty
much which party over the one here I
don't work one more fun party tonight
Sam fun party you guys ready he was
hosting it Casey nice that flippin Casey
nice thank guys okay who's ready to
party
all right everyone in this is like the
event before the party this is like the
cocktail party before the event before
the party I feel like I got to turn my
camera on now because everyone's got
their camera on there's going to be a
lot of fog steps and right there do kick
it right up gonna be see how to make
liquid nitrogen sweet thank you video
guys wow look at this
that's kc-97 everybody here does you can
tell my suppose everyone's got their
phones out right you're ready to be on
the big screen alright now we go to the
party the only kids at the show right
here hey did you have fun you guys learn
something you got to the future you guys
have to pay attention Yeah right dad oh
good that was awesome
that was great are they gonna let you in
Kelly you know what you need to do all
right you need to stand on each other's
shoulder yeah someone needs to put on a
fake mustache and a trench coat Lincoln
you're going to stand on top of this
monkey shoulder and then you're gonna
stand on top of mr. monkey shoulder and
then you guys can be super tall and your
combined ages will be like 20 maybe 29
all right we're taking a shot all going
to the party
are you eating all that all the nice
things is here for the food ladies how
is it you've gotten your butt
what do you guys do I just hang it out
there like two old guys all right well
you guys could hang out there in your
private room All Right see ya oh mama B
it's time to go
good morning everybody
it is 5:15 it is the last day of our
road trip and we are going onto a
Morning America we should go on
television we go visit what are you
gonna say understand unlike pie yeah
that's all you need to say like pie and
Quintero somali how do you feel about
being on Good Morning America great
there maybe you should your take the mic
pick the mic my name is my name is just
well our family and so we decided to
share our videos with the world and the
world market whole parts you like a
video another time I'm taking my husband
very funny very creative is that Iraq
there 117 million followers playing a
greater American roast across the
country with a family place thanks wall
today thanks for watching everybody
please do like driving away the comments
down below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
