inside this box there is a 6 pound milk
chocolate bunny what it's fragile a
stiff it's a fragile a bunny that
definitely weighs 6 pounds guys whoa
look at the size of this guy how big is
he stay like if you stand out beside him
miss monkey standing by the bunny Wow
and you have a box scarf new style
there's no one in this box it's just you
all right what's in the box so here it
is guys so it's pretty creepy right here
we got some real looking eyebrows all
right back to the bunny okay take a big
bite monkey oh you're right okay you
know what we're gonna do the staff at
the Four Seasons here in Denver have
been so nice to us that we're gonna go
downstairs and we're gonna share this
giant chocolate bunny with them so you
didn't touch it with your hands did you
get it make it all sweaty it you didn't
lick it didn't lick it
okay let's go share this bunny gotta
wrap it up okay
hello you guys have been so nice to us
oh you want to share with the staff if
you guys don't mind
oh that's incredibly nice Lance is the
pastry chef of the Four Seasons and
she's gonna help us chop the bunny and
we're gonna share with everyone at the
Four Seasons yeah you want to cut off
its head first
that's diamond you're not using a torch
we're doing it the good way because we
want people to eat some chocolate bunny
we don't want burnt chocolate
before that they go to five years
how's it taste
delightful thanks for watching everybody
I hope you guys enjoyed that video let
us know in the comments what we should
get next should it be a giant gummy
should be another giant chocolate let us
know in the comments we love you guys
now it's time to share the chocolate
thank you thank you very much six pound
chocolate bunny yeah thank you okay guys
that was a success yeah yeah we'll put
it on ice will just keep sharing it oh
okay
heartburn thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribing ly to comment
down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
