today I am going to cleanse my dad's
face because he really needs it I have
my bag of things for my face
I have toner I'm a toothbrush skin
lotion my deep cleansing cream my cotton
head and I've always wanted to do
something on one other person's face I'm
ready for my baby it's like a spa all
right yeah welcome to send on Debbie
some on that which means the long wash
wash welcome to spend on loving today I
will cleanse your face because
immediately why do I need it began your
face look like garbage okay get your bag
full of cleansing supplies you stay your
face applied everything you need for
your face a lot of stuff so first thing
my grandma used a first beast and best
friend they have natural and that's why
I said not Buster's not fuzzy experiment
let you
the first thing you wanted to get in
your your deep cleansing cream the
multiple looks like Burt's Bees oh yeah
for duty to do you need to wash your
face that all right that is good now
don't do anything it's your face up them
this is the main area if the big lens in
green if you need to know how much you
will need to do you got to put at least
like a stain it's going to be next one
because it comes out in like a full toe
shape so it has to be that one that
that's how much you need to put I will
put my cranium on my hand kind of like
booboo shape that's how life and it
support you will need to put it all over
your opponent's face okay Oh in your
face vignette most plain paper to get it
all all over your face you have a very
big face if it sees on the b-zone a good
bridge of your nose in your forehead
because that is where all the natural
oils is Anthony come and get it in your
receiving hairline if you have it and
don't forget the to the creases of your
nose right here because that is where
the red pops out you have to really work
it into the face we're done do with that
help and help with the face but it's
very natural home try this at home
I need more you can defend a baby this
is this a cream
put it all in the box do not rub so hard
under your eyes these are the most
precious areas of your space and you can
get a bag dia you're older
okay the next thing you need to do is
you need to wash your face now where my
head wash your face and just a bit with
the towel and dab it with a towel
yes what your face don't do anything to
it Alex use it if I'm gonna fall why do
I should watch my own face wasn't
somebody watch my face for me oh when
you're finished you have to dab the
parking space to develop all right so
now it takes two BAM
ready to go hot soda your eyes are
burning man this because you're doing it
run oh I'm doing it wrong you're never
gonna go wow you go you do not man Haron
anything right now what you need to get
your disgusting a tampon thing it says
what I think that goes on so what are
you going to avoid my facebook app on it
post it oh maybe Patti French or
something cotton pad okay that make
sense yeah roll it on and rose water
toner are you doing it right okay take
the poster look like lemonade do not
song another tastes like lemonade drink
no you will need three of these one
government obvious two three so you own
any three of those this is complicated
man well just wash your face with soap
and water
oh we put it all over your whole
customers face you know what these
cotton things are coming off because of
your beard that's why they'll put these
things on men leave it once and I hope
things are coming off honestly because
your beard or whatever scruffy face
you're saying it's capping the carton
things should hit bones you shade before
we film okay no she didn't want to
cleanse my face is like last minute
Wow again cleanse my eyeball
come on
now they want you to do anything now
throw your pad in the garbage what you
need to lighten these early days this is
going to get pain to take off oh the
book causes my skin oh my gosh now now
you have your toner and your deep
present cleaning done day lotion day
ocean why don't you come in my face
because it recognizes faces in the
community nice words okay what does that
do he's actually see how get your hand
and then you only need to do two squares
of this and then don't be like a little
more my face is gonna be more clean and
I'll moisturize my so this is very
powerful
no losses at home this is the lotion
that you don't do anything after so you
guys really don't like it you're not
going to be doing anything after this
I'm against Elkanah my nose so are you
just picking specific don't gotta get in
the crease and you have a lot of creases
what are you doing why you look old
they're called porn tapes okay why do I
look like you're patching like drywall
working into the face kid
your face was not meant to be climate
change ow
what did you put on me cement
it could be regular you're a man and you
have chili oil on your face that the
cream is not working when he's not
coming off
it's so hard to work it in working
working invisible so go into my skin
right into this lotion yeah get medical
help
it's like it's swallowing day lotion
this is day lotion but it's not going
away why my food right now it's not to
put food on our community
why is my face turning red it's like
Reddit and pasty now no my dimple dry
now why is my face so red I should have
gotten like my brother or like my mom's
and unit on not your dad what did you do
my friend
I don't know I cleanse it and move you
move this worse every single day I do
this on me every single day and it
always works and then come out and
depressing greens my face plans go for
stroke and then look what happens when I
do it on another person okay where did
you know I don't know thanks for
watching please like subscribe comment
down below thanks for watching everybody
please like driving me to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on an icon on the left hand
a little scene will pop up and use it to
fix life
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
my radio voice bye
