let me see your true colors and that's
why I love you speaking so I got frog in
my throat quick tour the hotel
Vegas baby Vegas woke up your Las Vegas
hotel no monkeys eat you in two
different colors this was no mean I'm
already insane this one you guys are
good Savior here's a nice it's a better
love nice bathtub
luck be a lady tonight that's papa
holding a camera mama be found something
wha open those blinds
what are you know time we can look at
the one way it's a letter show there's
like a famous fountain show welcome to
Las Vegas kids and there's another room
we have another room the other
oh so different styles a different theme
altogether you have a different floor
here okay and then here's our room and a
bathroom same bathroom but refers oh wow
the bed and just the same beautiful view
of lots of a I know what we have a
pretty nice view of this fountain for my
room Wow
I think everything in Vegas is a show
Las Vegas okay we got to go we have a
show all right guys we were going to
start this all right we have a job what
do you guys most excited about I mean so
I don't know what to expect
you know what to expect I'm going to
expect either I think I've seen people
like dive into the water never been
closer to solution I'll enjoy guys cuz
you can't record itself better clockwork
alright yeah the show starting days it
is okay we just came back from the
osho's awesome we were like walking
around like five minutes and ended a
final is like pappagiorgio jacket go
through those like fancy clothing stores
I just bought a jacket I always needed a
blue jacket or any public I gotta get
shoes have my nice other good I'm going
to Myra we've been in Vegas for less
than what 24 hours it's not enough
we got a pack we got to go bye Stephanie
Mary let me see your true colors and
that's why I love you
think so I gots frog in my throat sup
lemme see your true colors shining
through let me see your true colors and
that's why I love you so don't be afraid
to let them show your true colors true
colors true
eyes shining through yeah whoa all right
next up then for everybody with you see
me Nene you see me wet and wet me we'll
watch me whip now watch me nae nae watch
me nae nae eventually we made it to
Denver
mr. monkeys ready a nice letter to the
hotel people yeah he's saying very nice
things to them because he's very happy
that we have a very nice hotel room yeah
and he always says thank you to the
hotel staff you're very sweet
thank you our view is legit this is
maman Papa's room right here got a
coffee machine very nice little Holloway
and let's go see where the monkeys are
going to stay and the monkeys are
staying over here in this room what's
going on over here oh you're writing a
song verses or something you're
everything a nice letter - yeah here for
dnews another a nice day innocent and
along that are staying an extra it is
frightful well yes well this very nice
stop you right here under Brie
have a very nice room oh I like this
this is night this reminds you of home
yeah doesn't it so we're going to be in
Denver for like three days in Denver
we're gonna catch a movie we're gonna
enjoy ourselves
I'm liking Denver haha you guys are so
sweet everybody's writing letters I
think I should write a letter to mama B
look what you just got out of a saw feel
very comfortable in this hotel I have to
tell you the products are looks weekend
what Deluxe again you know that store is
all the really nice products let's see
it
I'll assume so belong to all the soaps
all the shots I thought by all the
conditioner and all the train we're
taking a bathroom by the way it has a TV
in the the mirror luck sittin hola
the tanne Lux a penny very nice rain
shower monkey
what is your let earth day my family and
I got into our rooms just today and as
soon as we went into the hotel or I
talked out of our head I am so excited
to be staying in four seasons I hope you
enjoyed my letter and I hope you guys
never stop because you guys are going on
the right path
thank you whoa you're a sweet voyage hey
what can I say do you know what happened
to sweet boys they have mothers who kill
people who break their heart I was gonna
say to get the kids in their bed do it
again
Wow not mommy had a very busy day today
shooting with a production crew and they
put on these eyelashes on her and now
she took them off and I want to wear
them so what's your favorite part of the
hotel so far uh dad what's wrong with my
mustache I know what well did know what
do you keep doing that whole you want to
wear it no you like my new full French
if I go um what do you think you already
have long eyelashes you don't need a
longer one I know right you throw these
out when you're done or do you like
recycle them you can recycle them if you
take care of them in Iran you take them
all French I'm still it's a work in
progress I feel great
got nothing in my brain and let the
people say easy different people pee you
eat opera let me do it but I can't make
them stay I need the people day mm-hmm
that's what people say mmm
Minnie Miranda military brass ring King
stab stab you
me right I guess miss me it is my best
thing any good of evil with the players
gonna play Britney Spears and the eight
is gonna a a thanks for watching
everybody breathe you like driving Lee
the comments down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up music subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio voice bye
