all right I think we're live I think
we're back
hello guys how's it going yes we
restarted the broadcast for some reason
it got cut off but we're here to sweat I
hope you guys are still on what we have
let me know if you guys could see us oh
I see hi hello all right good I got here
first yeah let us know if you see us
okay awesome I think I see some numbers
going up all right we're good we are
sweating today we got the family here we
are going to do some pretty cool stuff
if you guys are at home you want to work
out with us move the coffee table aside
and we're gonna do some fun simple stuff
we have Robin Justin here for beef
family boot camp all right what's up
guys we're happy to have you with us
here today we're gonna warm you guys up
a little bit we'll get stretched out so
you guys are ready to move and move
safely and then we're gonna be looking
for you guys to throw some challenges
out on us so these guys can make sure
whatever they're doing they just don't
drop the kids yes yeah we're gonna try
not to drop the kids today after so you
guys let us know in the comments we'll
do some cool stuff so mr. Justin why
don't you help us out guys let's get
ready to do some stuff all right nice
and simple guys we're gonna get moving
so we're gonna just start with some some
nice high knees on the spot we want to
just get the legs moving we want to
start breathing a little bit so we're
gonna go high knees on the spot like
you're running but just two steps on the
spot so back and forth so everybody else
finds his face family are you guys we
have like almost 2000 family members
here right now we're all sweating can't
go to high knees daddy gentle on the
knees just keep moving we'll just try
and get you warm
all right well I'm doing high knees I'm
looking over here you keep going Justin
I'm gonna see if I have any family
member saying hello how's it going guys
demo squat for me so we're gonna keep
the feet right outside the hips we're
gonna bend the knees push the butt back
keeping your chest up as far down as you
go we go back up so we're gonna go for
30 seconds again same thing just moving
30 seconds quanti 30 seconds here
alright and okay let's go 30 seconds
nice and easy
there you go don't just stand there I
see you you're gonna be letting us know
what kind of workout we should do with
the kids that allows us not to drop them
while we're working out all right next
guys we're gonna go into butt kicks so
butt kicks
same thing running on the spot but heels
up to your butt so same thing on the
spot oh and again yourself be family
boot camp calm in the description check
it below I will add it there if I
haven't added it yet it's the family
boot camp calm or you can just click on
the little card get some circles get
your heels up alright let's go one more
round of squats one more round of squats
nice and easy same thing again go down
and up you're getting a little warmer
now maybe go a little lower this time
we'll deeper in the spot back stays flat
knees over the toes looking good if your
butt cheeks burn it's okay you go nice
deep breaths you start to get warm heart
rates coming up a little bit just make
sure you keep breathing stay relaxed
bring them up as high as you can
all right good good good okay we're
gonna do a little stretch now I'm going
to try to open up the hips so what we're
gonna do is a long lunge and reach
straight up with both arms
so mr. monkey come on over here let me
see a nice lunge and reach so low on
lunch step and reach up good and come
back nothing to switch sides okay so
let's go with five on each side five on
each side okay see that's some signature
stretches right there yeah don't forget
to breathe sometimes I forget to breathe
what I'm doing the workout yes he
breathing is very important are you
ready to carry some kids
awesome alright next we call them floor
sweeps here when you get one leg
straight out in front point your toe up
you're gonna stick your butt out and try
to come down as far as you can so you
want to feel a stretch through the back
of your leg so we're Walternate sides
horsemeat time so toe up hips are gonna
go back come down as far as we can and
switch side doesn't matter if you can
touch the ground we want a good stretch
all through the back of the leg nice
come down alright ten each side and
let's alternate sides here oh that's
some good floor suit you got there
monkeys mommy's very flexible let's see
how these floor sweeps are looking mombi
though some good floor sweeps oh yeah
and if you guys have any questions let
us know we can do like oh this is live
we can answer some questions fire away
yeah eating habits exercise whatever
just let us know and let us know where
you're watching right now $5 hello Maha
thank you so much for that that's
amazing
thank you ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
thank you so much because they're
awesome Wow okay
ready to get hit we're gonna give
ourselves a big hug so when we swing on
our arms back we're gonna overlap give
ourselves a big hug so we're gonna get a
nice stretch through the chest in the
arms okay nice big hug reach back as far
as you can and let's alternate sides
don't hit anybody now all right now we
do the same things we're gonna go
forward and back so up and back
alternate one arm up one arm down it
goes still breathing reaching tall and
forget to breathe all right let's get
into our challenges all right we have
some challenges going on all right guys
this is called don't drop the kids so my
partner is gonna be mr. monkey we're
gonna kill this and the ladies are gonna
be pouring right now and we don't really
know exactly what we're gonna do for the
workout but these fine gentlemen are
gonna help us and you guys are gonna let
us know in the comments if there's
anything you want us to do let's make
sure we get some comments here we want
to see all right what you guys want to
see what's it gonna be what's right what
do you guys want us to do let's say I
put mr. monkey on my shoulder what
should I do
we don't wanna show can you put the
monkeys on your back okay we're gonna
put the monkeys on our back all right
all right okay grab the monkeys again
and come back okay as we're gonna do all
right mommy that's a good one nice okay
parents parents challenge 20 skits 20
skills right guys okay we got ropes here
we're heading down
alright who do you guys think it's gonna
be who's gonna take this challenge
challenge number one
oh there you go all right we got our
ropes down here we're ready to rock and
roll
monkeys looking ready look they got the
game face on he's got the game face on
watch out watch out absolutely yeah so
if you're at home and you want to follow
along do this challenge with us you can
just actually jump up and down pretend
you got imaginary rope just tap your
legs at your sides miss monkey is gonna
demo here for me you can still just jump
in tap just like skipping yet all the
same benefits you don't need the
equipment cool all right
all right we ready okay let's get ready
here all right everybody up to the line
let's make it fair get up to the line
here all right guys 1,000 family members
right now marks get set
let's go don't drop your kids go go go
go we're grabbing the ropes and skip it
out let's see it
skip and skip and skipping let's go
let's go oh look at mama B go look at
that footwork
Oh
no score mama B's are throw at skipping
that's one thing she will always beat me
a skipping girls rule
oh my god girls are all all the thumbs
up hashtag okay
who's four team girls right now hashtag
hip hop bibbity Bop the hashtag boot
camp boys all right what else fill
members okay what's the next workout
coach Justin what's it gonna be I think
we're gonna have to do some partner
push-ups here Martin you're my partner
push-ups let's see it okay all right
let's start nice and simple we're gonna
alternate push-ups here let's see first
to 15 all right first to 20 first as a
team as a team but we got an alternate
so you guys are gonna face your partner
as a little strategy session going on
here they're getting ready they're
getting ready to go tag in and out do
push up the tag bring it in there we go
All Right girls getting a lot of love
all right sure all right yeah there you
go girls rule chart cheating miss monkey
likes to cheat oh we got a little
controversy little Gemma three two one
go
all right let's see it push-ups come on
man come on look at these guys go if
you're following along out there you
guys can do some push-ups to try and
keep up I'll give these strong guys good
and trading off all right let's go let's
go let's go oh here we go
papa bees banging about like a champ
look at them go
what happens when you have an anchor
like Papa all right guys
boys power boys power girls rule okay
was challenge right here any suggestions
guys what do you want us to do in the
last hmm let's see what we have here in
the comments right now we're tied so we
need a tiebreaker someone said put the
monkeys on your back put the monkeys on
your back and do star jumps but only
with your legs do ten jumps that's risky
that's risky just a random girl star
jumps how can I do that
Oh pull-ups okay someone wants us to do
pull-ups I'll do that after I'll try to
put a monkey on my back do a pull-up
after we're gonna do that for sure okay
so what's a star jump go Justin okay so
we're gonna we're gonna demo just some
jumps do you want to go home
and then a squad off the great squad off
so for the win for the win
this is it you probably you should
probably do a little flex first regular
team flex so opposed down girls for the
win there you go all right we're gonna
pose down stuff for Instagram and
Twitter you know out a be family if you
guys went to a screenshot close down and
then it's a gun you need to be declared
here we go look at the jumps they're
happening all these are going quick then
they go back and now's the squad off
come on come on come on come on
that was good hashtag girls rule today
everybody wins cuz nobody dropped the
kids so that's always good you go
mission accom mission accomplished
okay so who's team hashtag girls rule
and who is team hashtag boys power we
love you too hashtag first that girls
suck save that for the next video
hashtag girls role oh look at that oh
just getting girls rule that's it guys
good job alright someone wanted me to
try to do a pull-up with monkey on my
back quick little break be family boot
camp calm Rob and Justin are incredible
if you want to just do a quick slowly
yeah so you notice these guys are having
a lot of fun the reason they get to have
this much fun is because they've built
up the ability to do these things and do
them safely right they're training every
day they're moving their bodies they've
learned how to move correctly and
they've practiced it so if you want some
support at home no matter where you are
in the world
but a be family boot camp calm and we
will take care of your warriors Inc
Fitness Justin and I will do at-home
programming for you we're building a
video library for you so come and join
us get fit get healthy and you can have
fun just like these guys are
Justin all right now you great I'm gonna
do a pull-up for you guys for the family
yeah all right guys now gentlemen what
do you suggest oh we got a one second we
got a little donation here I always
wanted five bucks from Kelly Newbauer I
love you guys
thank you so much for the donation Wow
any donations that we we're gonna put
towards equipment and towards be family
boot camp so we can make it stronger and
better so you guys can get stronger and
better the website be family boot camp
Wow thank you and thank you guys so much
we love you guys
1,000 family members on right now you
guys are awesome if you have any
questions right now let's take a couple
of minutes just to answer some fitness
questions or any questions that you guys
have we'd love you guys
boys power wow you guys are awesome yeah
you want to do one Wow
be burpees okay let's do some beef
family burpees and then we'll go through
the comments and answer a couple your
questions all right be family burpees
all right let's put it on the we've
coined this the beef family burpees
Ortega be burpees or be family burpees
no calm be burpees do squats get the
monkeys on your shoulders
what's that Bulgaria how you doing all
right how long have we been in the gym
actually we've been so I first started
was working doing exercise at home he
was doing p90x but he was always getting
injured and so I said to him hey I met
this amazing group of people they're so
motivating and inspiring so he joined as
well and I'm gonna celebrate three years
of doing crossfit in June - yoga is a
huge part of my life just tensed up so
that's yeah why don't we get the monkeys
to describe what a bee family Burpee is
what is a bee Burpee remember
beep yeah a beeper B is a regular Furby
so regular Burpee is you go all the way
down you come back up so when you go
down you go do a regular people when you
come back up you gotta go up with your
hand with your fingers with your index
finger on top of your head like a little
baby it's nice and you get an extra 25
points if you make a B sound Wow x4 25 B
family points if you do the B sound
alright guys okay let's do some beef
family burpees and if you guys are at
home you want to do some beef family
burpees with us do it up and if you guys
want to take a photo of yourselves doing
a beef family Burpee and screenshot it I
would love to like retweet it why don't
we do let's do five together to start
with as a group will count them out
everybody go at the same time and then
we'll have a little challenge ready so
spread out make sure you got room hands
down to the floor let's see lay all the
way down chest right down on the floor
ready go let's go one all the way down
all the way up and let's hear it oh
there's one good to back down make sure
you're not kicking the coffee table and
the B sound good three down we go right
down jump those feet up amazing try and
keep up at home we got two more here
comes number four down you go fantastic
and last one one more time here we go
lucky number five down you go
and all the way up let's hear the B
sound I want to hear it nice alright
very good very good Adam so coach Justin
what do you think we should have them do
here all right I was thinking a little
challenge thirty second challenge thirty
second challenge for everybody out there
it's like a bonus round so I'm gonna run
my clock we have 30 seconds and we want
to know how many you get in 30 seconds
okay so you gotta do the B I'm gonna go
for 30 seconds
be family burpees in 30 seconds exactly
if you guys aren't doing them we need
your help we guys need you to count it
so someone picked mr. monkey someone
pick miss monkey so big me and count it
and then at the end we'll see like okay
this is how many they did we have a
donation donation thank you so much
Wow can you please start making more
mama be cooking international who's
agent or fresh yes Michael Grimes we
promise you will non stop moving safe
but as many as you can do all right got
30 seconds okay here we go ready 3 2 1
go all right let's go drop to the floor
all the way down gotta jump all the way
up let me see the B antennas and 10i
down you go I want to hear the buzzing
want to hear them there you go these
guys are pros I hope you're moving this
fast at all 20 seconds to 1 30 seconds
where are our totals here guys what are
the totals oh my goodness who was
counting somebody said they got 11
missmiss we got 10 nice nice
miss monkey B 7 how can you all do the
dab miss monkey got nice but you got
nine somebody got aboard someone got 14
who was that amazing you did 6 good job
good job well for Wow Papa be to 12
thank you wow numbers there they did
2025 that's pretty fast you got 15 oh
you guys are awesome Wow whoa thank you
so much for the $5 donation NAVAIR
Chaudhary thank you so much Wow
someone did 130 seconds hundred Wow
amazing
all right let's answer just a couple of
questions before we go yeah any
questions for the coaches any questions
for us because we want to have energy
well personally I'm doing this because I
want to have energy to spend time with
my family and live the fullest life I
can so that's why I work out and try to
sweat as much as possible hmm I'm doing
this because I want to be a good role
model to my kids I want to show them
that Fitness is a part of life dosing
breathing sleeping you also have to take
care of your body and your body will
take care of you that's awesome so we
have a question favorite healthy snack
what's a favorite healthy snack great
question great question you know what we
we eat a lot of bananas yeah we have a
lot of bananas so it's all my beef jerky
thing Oh hashtag beef jerky jerky he
loves
beef jerky what's a good healthy
Journeys great snack just make sure you
drink lots of water it's a little on the
salty side so just make sure you staying
hydrated coach Justin what's your
favorite help snack one second $10 from
NAVAIR Chaudhary thank you so much
snapchat a message thank you
so much coach jesting oh my favorite
healthy snack I love coconut pieces of
coconut nice we had another one that was
how long do you work out for each day
usually we do so our classes are an hour
but can better explain that absolutely
you know what the way we think about
this is a little bit is better than none
and more is better than a little bit as
long as your body's ready for it we try
and scale you up so if you've started
you're just starting now fresh and you
don't exercise at all we recommend you
start with around 15 to 20 minutes a day
and if you go check out be family boot
camp calm you jump into the 90 day
challenge will actually send you daily
workouts that are about 20 minutes long
that you can do anywhere in your living
room if you go to a gym great but you
don't need to you don't need any
equipment at all we recommend you start
with about that 20-minute range get your
body moving and just do it consistently
it's not about doing two hours one day
and then sitting around for a week you
want to do a little bit each day and
make it a part of who you are and how
you live your life nice be family boot
camp these guys will actually work with
you Justin and Rob they will actually
work with you it's not gonna be some
robot that's can know if these guys
we're sending your daily workouts
programmed by the the mad scientist here
my buddy Justin and if you need coaching
and support we can actually check in
with you each week so whatever level you
want if it's just the weekly challenge
workout or if you want to go daily with
us or if you need support one-on-one
from a coach we're here to support you
guys at whatever level you need it
whatever you guys need no experience
necessary
that's someone just said can you do more
challenges like this so we're definitely
trying to do some some monkey Carrie
challenges something you know you guys
want to see it we'll do it for sure Wow
yeah we had no almost 2,000 likes
already this broadcast we've we've been
up and down around a thousand but we're
peaking around 2,000 family members
watching so thank you guys so much for
joining us we love you guys so much and
we'll be back again
live in the meantime be healthy healthy
and your mind healthy in your heart
healthy in your soul and healthy in your
body yes we love you guys so much we'll
see you again great job guys family boot
camp calm we love you guys
