ladies and gentlemen and welcome to
reading man coming how's it going
everybody today we are reading mean
comments
I think everyone gets me yes Adele gets
mean comments how can you give her to a
doll alright so today we're gonna be
reading mean comments I picked out a
whole bunch of interesting funny quirky
mean comments yay
so we're gonna read them are you guys
ready for this like enemy right now miss
monkey please do the honors of reading
the first one pouring with boring
pouring always boring what does that
mean
pouring with boring I've never heard of
that expression I can only imagine how
it was flirting with boring no scoring
with boring no it's pouring outside
wait that's how I imagined the
creativity behind that comment boring is
just pouring out man I don't really get
it but he must be a poet doesn't work
and he doesn't know it bruh you're not
spelled right not funny
yes classic misspelling of your you are
you smelt it why oh you are supposed to
be y-o-u ' are you yep teacher teacher
welcome everybody to Miss B's English
class we are going to learn language
today thank you everybody for coming
today
today we're going to be learning the
opposites of your we have different
yours
or English so the first y'all are going
to be talking about is your us in
someone else's possession
I'm gonna take your bikes now and I'm
gonna run with it I'm going to take your
bike
why are you are that's how you spell it
this person over here switched it around
with your boring you are taking away the
a with apostrophe you're boring so that
is how you do it
your as in you are not funny
you're as in your mom come back again
because I have more lessons to teach you
all yeah welcome I hate you people
because you are so weird or like just
perfect and you act mentally
that's supposed to be too else I'm
stupid and you make fun of people of
spelling you're so freakin rude and mean
Wow
hey thanks why does that make you feel
make you feel better as long as that
makes you feel better actually you just
let it all out
we're cool with that you're sighs plural
oh very idiot I have more than one son
your sons are very idiot I have more
than one son Bubba we have more than one
son I want to tell you
and they're both idiots
are you guys stupid stupid stupid I
think it's stupid stupid stupid
what's duped are you guys stooped
there's no question mark because it's a
question are you there's the stooped
that should be I assumes stupid I think
you're gonna spell the word stupid you
should really really really know how to
spell the word stupid I hat you like a
raging potato well like how you're gonna
give me a hat
so we have a whole bunch of other you
guys look stooped I think I'd actually
spell guides that way I think I think it
actually makes more sense to spell guys
that way G Uys but this is guys GA is
you're onto something there Tina please
do the honors you know you've done
something like this losers and etoy
I've never met any 808 in my life and
the picture on the account is like
babies babies like a bunch of babies and
dolls like you would think that this
person would be nicer why I got so many
babies at your picture I love how when
they try to look gangster they just look
like complete idiots no hate though you
might love your family to bits I would I
would do anything to meet you or be a
part of your family I really don't think
that this is a mean comment I think that
she really loves us but they just think
that we look weird when we try to be
gangster like we don't try to be
gangster mmm we are gangster yeah your
definition is of gangster might be
different from our definition of
gangster this is us we don't try to be
anything that we're not did you know
that Papa V was a hip-hop DJ I know my
90's hip hop and 80s hip hop but I don't
know if that's gangsta what we never try
to be gangster yeah we just try to have
fun we that's it I don't try to keep it
real yes keep it real
you just ruined descendants
Thank You losers the label stinks the
loserman things as Jay and the girl
sucks up mouths em you know at some
point I guess you're on point but the
old lady the old lady that would be me
the old lady what do they call me the
loser man loser man ladies and gentlemen
this is boring do something awesome but
if you don't I will unsubscribe you guys
Wow okay but now immediately after this
comment nevermind this is great I just
didn't watch the whole thing
miss monkey this one's directed towards
you and I hope you don't cry the girl is
stupid and then it has like a bunch of
laughing faces I don't I don't feel I
don't feel anything at all
what do you think that it's a girl oh
yeah I was just gonna say that she's
like grown man what do you think that's
just commenting on a little girl alright
I don't think that's right man instead
of focusing on commenting on a little
girl why don't you start focusing on
your spelling thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
