mmm what no nice
ladies and gentlemen today mama B is
making killer chili chili chili were
killing Jimmy chill yo mama B is going
to teach you guys and teach me how to
make chili so that I can make it one day
stop laughing I'm going to make chili
one day I'm going to look at your videos
and I promise I will make chili today we
are making we are today I am making I
wanted to make something that nutritious
feels comforting chill eating is one of
the most beautiful comfort foods and I
make mine with rice which is something a
little bit different than what some
people do these are the ingredients so I
make a huge recipe when I make my chili
so that we can eat for two days I'm
using about two two and a half pounds of
beef to tens of diced tomatoes 2 cans of
kidney beans half a teaspoon of each of
Chile black pepper cumin paprika you can
also add cayenne pepper but I don't
because I make it child friendly and I
don't want to make it too spicy I would
rather everyone add their slice
afterwards a little bit of sugar just in
case the tomatoes are a little bit
bitter I add chopped carrots to mine
which I know a lot of people don't do
but it's just a way to add some more
vegetables into there one onion so I'm
going to chop this onion 2 cloves of
garlic some bell peppers so I just
happen to have some red pepper and
orange so it's nice for the colors look
at these beautiful colors here you want
color in your diet and so this is for
the going to be for the garnish on top
afterwards which is green onions I have
some beautiful avocado some cheddar
cheese and also a little bit of corn
that's going to be for the garnish as
well alright alright can I help you with
anything we know I think I need some in
hot new cause I just taught for a long
time perfect let's start with my onion
just one onion regular sized onions
chopped put your chopping face and
you're not crying I'm a veteran when
they were a veteran they don't find you
okay like a little turn you just did
whoop good hit that slow-mo yo grapeseed
oil and you can use whatever oil you
have canola oil whatever avocado oil
sure I'm just finding a tiny bit of that
and now I'm going to put it over medium
heat I don't want to add my garlic yet
I'm going to let this cook down
translucent and then I'm going to add my
garlic because I don't want my garlic to
burn now I'm going to add some carrot
I'm making a huge batch of chili because
when you cook like this it's nice to eat
it put it into the fridge and a couple
of days have it again if you're gonna
cook - will cook a lot of it beautiful
color
what smells amazing already but that
smell though okay I'm going to let that
cook down a little bit dad's making
chili guy no you're not
why is he wearing aprons and you're
holding your camera oh here it food I'll
let you know when the chili Freddie guys
syphilis entirely any special techniques
is chopping and smashing garlic and
there it is
peel it there we go beautiful
oh that's what the brain has a teaspoon
of chilling proof half a teaspoon of
ground cumin mm-hmm cumin for that few
minutes if you won't repeat that even
better
okay all the way remember if you want to
put cayenne now when you put it eyes on
okay kid-friendly some black pepper in
there sugar and and then you're going to
taste it later to make sure that it has
the right amount of salt you can add
more calm surface dirt here and now I'm
going to add in a garden I don't want it
to burn I'm going to let that cook for a
couple of minutes
how's that smell all we've done inside
the onion peppers carrots garlic
seasoning if you find that it's burning
you can add a tiny bit of water so we're
going to let that cook for one more
minute and then we're going to add the
meat whoo and I promise there's a
vegetarian mama Beatrice coming soon I
know a lot of you guys with an option
for vegetarians we do eat a lot of
vegetarian eat a lot of fish in our
family so I'm going to do a recipe like
that coming
believe there is good in the world and
good food so little beautiful that looks
milk I'm going to Anthony this is almost
3 pounds about 2 and 1/2 pounds but
that's for two meals oh there were
people well so he's flirting all right
so I just drop it in that I know some
people I think wash their feet I don't
I'm going to break it down now there's a
balance
Oh beautiful is that good-looking
hye-kyo beautiful
that's what we call a killer Killi okay
I'm gonna go with stand over here in the
back somewhere I'm gonna let the beef
cook I'm going to let it cook for about
five minutes and then I'm going to add
it tomatoes okay I'm going to add a tiny
bit more salt because now the peaches in
there a little bit at a time don't over
tell your food for you can't go back
after that's cooking I'm going to open
up my tomato so if you are making for
one batch it would be one can if you got
just to get four three batches you just
do that could I feed you that's why no I
talked to Kokomo servos you know it's
too dry add a tiny bit of water as I got
Lean Beach so there's not a lot of fat
content I mean there's not going to be a
lot of liquid if you want lean BB you're
at the grocery store you got to find the
Beast that's like this dad joke do you
need to turn up the heat
is it hard enough stupid hot body right
you just ridden like matching up the
meet hey stop patting my knees babushka
you want quality over quantity
especially when it comes to beef and
many other things in life that is
beautiful oh yeah
now I'm going to turn this back down
okay I'd like to meet old alright so
there's one Ken
where's babushka rooster who okay you
cans of tomato yes look at that
no more oh yeah
tomato very near it's on medium okay I'm
going to cover this because I want a lot
of liquid in there okay done keep an eye
on it the beans are going to go in about
15 minutes okay because I don't want
that to cook first and then I'll have it
because you know I'm going to roast the
corn now hold on wait second can I do it
yeah no I know how to roast corn boy
look at you corn it you don't even look
like corn you are panicking core I've
ever seen in my entire you're going to
get rid of the liquid stop it on here
and this was just going to be from my
garnish I'm going to add some salt some
olive oil I'm going to pop that into the
oven for 45 minutes at 350 it's been 15
minutes so I'm going to add my beans now
one okay you mythic pod is all good
maybe it's all good I like to rinse my
beans if I don't like that thick liquid
in there you know take liquid I don't
know we saw most of it is on floor
Swedish
and I brought the heat down to a simmer
and I'm going to let this simmer for a
good 45 minutes I'm going to add a tiny
bit more of my cumin from another half
teaspoon add more chili if you want to
add Cayenne you can do that Reaper for
them I put some seeds appropriate into
me nobody's gonna wait yeah
are you done oh I'll be back there
it's kind of cool off I'm going to do
two cups of rice I used Bob unlucky for
everything I love that much away two
cups of rice I'm going to rinse my right
well there's my four cup I'm going to
pour that into my pot and I'm going to
put that on high to boil and the salt in
my water and I don't know if you guys
but I had a tiny bit of olive oils to my
water that's it when that comes to a
boil we're going to add the rice oh geez
grate the cheese I can do that which is
definitely great dad Joe so my water is
boiling okay
I add my right I grab my fork I make
sure that all the rice it's floating in
the water
there you go I bring my temperature down
all the way down I grab a plate I cover
it when the rice is also filled by the
water I'm going to turn off the heat and
let it finish that's it
I don't want a fancy rice maker I don't
have all that stuff no fancy rice maker
know what else I can't even remember
where I put the covers of this pot so I
grab a plate all the time to cover it
easy easy Luffy slopey we love right
lights yeah we love like right my friend
so these are going to do my garnish
avocado cilantro green onion grated
cheese
roasted corn and a sliver of life I love
my life
and of course for Mama and Papa sriracha
oh yeah
I'm just going to rough chop stem in
everything
I love the skin green onions now oh that
smell good
I know man avocado you know we want to
do that awful cuddle
towards the end special technique and
these are the fixings for the chili
next stop chili City okay I don't see
any more liquid you can remove it from
the heat let it rest for five minutes
and now it's time to garnish the Cheney
or chili an attendant we made the food
now it's time to plate the chili chili
the food
nice that's what's for dinner tonight
papa Wow Jeannie that's the dinner
beautiful I hope you enjoy watching this
video if there's any other recipes you
want me to make let me know if you do
make this chili please tag us on your
pictures I love seeing the pictures that
you send us mama B this is the greatest
killer chili I've ever seen
hey what about me I'm a killer killer -
you know my chili is off the hook
