how's it going everybody
yes as you guys know we like making
gummy stuff we like eating gummy things
and I know you guys like it too so today
we're gonna make a giant gummy Lego Lego
guy a little baby comes in the little
baby bricks wait a second is that a Lego
dude oh yes yes wait does it actually
fit so a cool thing about this mole is
that it's the actual size of the Lego
guys so if they don't satisfy to put it
in if you put the Lego guy in there he
will actually fit perfectly sweet so
these are gonna be like actual Lego
gummy guys and Lego bricks and but pls
also resists on song songs let gummy
dude they go my bowl in order for this
to work we need lots of so we got lots
and lots of jell-o and we need lots of
gelatin what's the difference between
jell-o and gelatin Johnson makes it hard
like this like makes it more gummy makes
it more more stiff so that if we lift it
it won't break break apart and crumble
yeah you don't want to crumble cuz that
was soccer yeah okay we got the jello we
got the gelatin that we need to boil
some water
I checked it up by Google did we have
the water boiling now and we're gonna
stick the boiling water in here
cool story bro how many of those are we
gonna use 92 of these no I think we're
gonna just use green jello no no that's
too much maybe we'll use two jell-o
packets and then we'll use 12 pouches of
this I should do
are you sure - three jello packets and
then we'll use an old banana to make it
more gummy those bananas are awesome by
the way we use those for shakes okay the
water is boiling the mixer is ready to
mix the jello is gelling mama B is out
for girls night so we get to use the
mixer
and not get in trouble mama B I hope I
don't break again all right thanks looks
ready does it right
that's no rising come on why oh yeah
money I'm like STG LD
I have a let go D that's giant I have a
jumbo pack super giant Lego dude I have
a gummy - that's jello and I have a gel
pack up super giant gonna let you shine
like pseudo jello pack super giant gummi
legged delicious food okay the water is
boiled we shall continue on with our
we're gonna pour it into the bowl that's
a lot of boiling water okay this is the
first jello packet look at that it's
very nice I don't think it's all right
one more jello packet please boom all
right let's get the other stuff in there
we need more gelatin Billiton the
gelatin yeah we need more gelatin if
this breaks don't blame me
okay are we putting too much gelatin it
smells awful
am i doing this right there's a lot of
smoke coming out on our side smokeless
gelatin this is the aftermath this is
the format the current map this is the
first time you'll ever see a Lego gummy
guy on YouTube no one has ever done this
before
this is a first know me family you've
seen it here first this is perfect guys
look at this because it's perfect that
is a nice jello smells like a wine the
smelling lime okay we should put this
inside the the freezer well we got a
port in the Lego dude first right yeah
I'm a professional
Lego gummy guy careful I'm a
professional okay you alright can
someone please open the freezer for me
please wish me luck guys if I spill this
I am a dead man yeah I'm positive it's
gonna pour over all kinds of green stuff
that we never drink that we should drink
cuz it's healthy oh we need you know we
need the things that the syringes you
know the syringe where's the dry voice
okay nice you can be a syringe ologist
i don't want to be now he wants to be a
geologist you want to be a geologist gee
i want to be a gee some abyss said dad
joke we got the gummy guy's got it
got him okay easy does it
now we have the jello stuff inside the
freezers so now we wait 30 minutes for
17 hours I'm not quite sure so event
the monkeys are all showered them out
their sleepwear on here are the brakes
let's try to take them out these are the
minifigs so let's pick ups it's kind of
out pretty good is it look at that
not bad for a first try
that is a half-decent lego dude that's
the Lego guy so far kind of yeah I think
we kind of stuck it in the freezer a
little too long
Lego dude oh his legs coming off though
and those are the Lego dudes can we try
a taste test is it gross maybe you know
what no I think I should have put more
gelatin in there so we have the Lego
dudes and we have a Lego bricks Lego
dudes success scale it with the 10/10 No
probably like a 7 yeah simplified Lego
breaks it breaks like for one and now
the Piazza the resistors toast on
sensitive so here's the back of the Lego
guy how we supposed to do this Oh a
little impatient they're a bunch okay
do what yeah give it a little shakey
shake
I totally needed to put more gelatin on
this so we've had kind of a major fail
with the Lego illegal gummy the gummy
dude this is his head I'm sorry guys but
you know what though I do have one more
I made a Lego gummy mono
well it's not it's not perfect but
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
