you had no care you had no care you had
no dude okay that's not the running man
you could are you gonna be the Goblin
look
style yep I like it you go you can do
that for the next three hours my name I
think you can come out now
okay peace are you doing oh it's like
every time we snapchat where other
dancing or you know that is what we do
we eat then done we dance and then we
it's again because we get hungry from
the dance yes and then we dance again
that's Italy Milan I realize that roll
up is a just Oh mr. monkey just blow up
the bean bag
Wow crazy
oh we get you don't really get kicked
out can't do that
yeah
I pressed a button and then I've seen as
a country to see what I'm making it with
your water and ice back full do you know
any self yeah don't like it I can cast
another spell
when dodgems
all right we're back home and we learned
a new trick
ready disappear close enough just so
much longer for you oh yeah okay what do
you just turn em into you can change me
back now so yes we have here some cheese
some beef jerky ants and apples so how
does it work doing some homework mr.
monkey mm-hmm very nice and having some
apple slices Oh would you like some beef
jerky with that Oh
my father a drink and one night he goes
out crazier than usual to one more
speaker about tonight and in order to
get bang for my uncle
I open the check if there's extra salad
dressing and assuming they open up the
lane
it was Digidesign thanks um well do you
want to be my friends
I'm very nice I need new friends before
being my friend
okay maybe we shouldn't be here here
little stabbing never care
chin up no champion new channel city you
had no choice you had no choice you had
no choice oh yeah
you
may get muffin that makes me gain muffin
there T minion bus chance okay because
it's making muffin
well well well son amazing didn't sneeze
thank you very much
can't wait to fight it to you if you
meet your great
yeah
creepy babushka hello my children you've
been asking where babushka is babushka
is here I have life advice for you there
are only three things you really need in
this life hot water bottle Windex and
vicks vapor rub
that is all when I was a child we would
use the hot water bottle to heal all our
ailments and then we would water the
crops with the water we did not waste
anything not like the generation of
children they waste a lot with musically
what are you doing here what is wrong
with y'all what is wrong with your arm
child you know what about my mom you see
how they answer back to Allah
krakow 2014 asks what do you think about
kids who smoke what is this in 1980s why
would you smoke and so expensive it's
dirties your fingers they smell like you
put them in the ashtray and the acting a
diarrhea no so bad you think you think
you look cool moving like this you don't
you look like a fucking laugh but
another fish like a fish
Picon thank you for down you can see
going do you want to get me
thanks for watching everybody please
alight driving leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
