today we are doing a QA because you guys
had so many questions about our fitness
and our exercise the monkeys are here no
Mama BZ look at mama be lookin all fit
and fantastic if this is the secret you
workout and then you take the pictures
and then you film that's like so you
look what is it that you guys use that
word this the swole you're all swole
thus well feed you we have our wonderful
coaches Justin and Rob be family food
calf guys there's I'm gonna put a link
be family bootcamp check it out if you
want to stay fit get fit with your
family we got the coaches here and we
are answering your questions Justin do
you know anything about exercise
Rob do you know anything about exercise
all right let's get to the questions the
first question is from Logan Underhill
what do you do on your cheat day we
don't actually believe in sheepies we
believe in balance if you're constantly
focusing that I can't eat something that
I can totally stop I can't have a cookie
I'm gonna want that cookie even more so
I'm gonna have a cookie or I'm gonna
have the burger but what we try to do in
our family and what I try to do
especially with the kids is to teach
them moderation
to keep in mind to try to get in as many
fruits and vegetables grains healthy
stuff it's not so much a cheat day but
it's a way of life it's a way of
changing your mindset on how you're
eating so yeah you want those special
treats you can incorporate it you're not
moving yourself back but you're also
encouraging yourself to eat the good
stuff think about having one day where
you know you get to enjoy some of the
things you enjoy but you'll have other
days where you know you can look forward
to that day instead of trying to have it
every single day or never have it at all
which can be a big mental battle for
some people what goes through your head
to stay motivated monkeys thinking of
how awesome and happy I will be and how
energetic I'll be after my workout or if
I do anything I'll be so happy to do it
instead of just be sitting on the couch
or playing video games how do you feel
when you accomplish something that you
didn't think you could I'll tell you
right now but the way I feel because
working out is fun man it gets you in
shape and you can do anything you want
after that because you'll be healthy and
strong and you can eat a cheeseburger
yeah the way I stay motivated is knowing
that I have energy and I have strength
for my family that's what motivates me
my family these guys right here we've
seen time and again that people who try
and do it themselves have a harder time
that people who connect to a community
commit to the process and not an outcome
are the ones who are most successful in
the long term it's definitely hard to
stay on that having the people around
you to be there to help you sometimes
it's hard to dig yourself out of that so
you can have those people around you
community family friends loved ones a
pet like dancing also helps dance break
mama B do you enjoy cooking or
exercising more
is more creative I get to express myself
through food for the people I love but
exercise it's it's such a part of my day
now I know I have to go because when I
don't go I feel awful I feel weak I feel
tired I feel miserable I feel dark in my
thoughts in my head whereas when I go
exercise I see my favorite people at the
gym we support each other I feel better
I feel alive I feel healthy I feel
strong and then I can come home and
continue taking care of my family
that's so sweet hmm do I enjoy mama B's
cooking or exercising more I like her
cooking but I also like our exercising
if you notice I mean how do you get the
kids to join in working out they see us
getting ready encouraging each other
going off to take care of ourselves and
our bodies and mentally too because
exercise it's a huge mental component so
by leading by example I think that's
what motivates them is they see Mama and
Papa getting healthy they're taking care
of themselves physically and so that
encourages them
I also motivate myself because when I go
to see them working out
they look really strong doing that class
I asked mama if we can sign up for kids
CrossFit and she said yes and I was like
the happiest girl in the world so when
the kids do come in to exercise Justin
is their coach he is their personal
coach and he does things at the
children's level to strengthen them and
to get them fitter you come up with some
really interesting exercises the
important thing is that they have fun
they have a good time while they're
doing things that are gonna improve
their their overall fitness there are
also siblings they don't always get
along so you guys don't get along what
I'm shocked
so we'll do things that focus on
teamwork communication doing things that
are difficult often leads you to work
against each other or put each other
down because it's hard but working
together isn't always the easiest so it
makes them keep a clear mind when
they're in a stressful situation of how
they're gonna work together to achieve
their task and we try to pick different
movements and exercises and things like
that that are gonna keep them wanting to
come back and have a good time with it
out of these two crazy monkeys who's the
grumpiest when they work out grumpy jazz
pack so adults are no different you know
sometimes poppy has a bad day at school
you know whatever it is we'll have our
bad days and our good days and it's
really about can you find a way to make
sure you enjoy the process if you have a
good time in some way maybe it's the
people you get to work out with maybe
it's what you you know every time you
train you do something fun so there's a
positive feedback loop it makes you want
to keep coming back for more okay and
the last question what is your favorite
workout that you guys do my favorite
workout involves us all participating
together doing something fast
challenging getting our heart rates
going yes laughing would be great a
little bit of friendly competition we're
super competitive do you want to show an
example let's do it
okay so here's the obstacle course the
monkeys are gonna throw stuff at us one
of them is gonna have a nerf gun the
other one's gonna have balls and things
that won't hurt us too much if they hit
us we're gonna start actually right over
there and we're gonna try to run all the
way and touch the box so the first
person who touches the box without
getting hit wins and it's papa
against mama
oh yeah we're good I have no idea who
won
technically mommy hit the box first
however we don't know how many times we
got hit I know I got hit a couple of
times let us know in the comments who
got hit born who actually won that
obstacle course shooting game
so that's one way we do it as a family
we get healthy we get moving we can do
it in our house we can go to the park do
an obstacle course we can do it here
where there's more space and that's what
we do yeah we have fun together thanks
again for watching guys we love you so
much
check out be family boot camp for more
information I'm gonna leave it down in
the description box below guys let us
know in the comments who do you think
won 3 2 1
I know thanks for watching please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
and we'd like to give a big thank you to
our coaches over there please let us
know thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
