oh so pretty poor Panda panda panda
panda panda panda panda bras stop
chewing my jammies school buses were
cancelled so what's the point of going
to school when no kids are gonna be
there we're not gonna learn anything
there's gonna be no test what's the
point so we have and we have a panda and
we have a cow we have a beautiful lady
and we have me what's the life lesson
today
well the life lesson today we were
talking to the kids about happiness how
no one is happy all the time everybody
has their moments in life where stuff
happens a lot of people think that we're
always happy and that we always do happy
things and that we're never sad but we
just want to let you guys know that
there are times that we're not happy are
there times you guys are not happy yeah
when that happens what do we do talk
about it we handle it mm-hmm we don't
film that so we don't pull up the camera
and film our difficult moments because
those are private and it's not something
that we want to share when these guys
are 20 we don't want them to look at us
and say wow why'd you do that yeah why
did you put that video of me crying or
getting hurt in a serious way no our
moments are our moments so we do talk
about things like this morning we talked
to the kids about doing things that we
all feel good about so whether it's
these videos or when we go on a trip or
whatever it is we always ask the kids
are you okay with this is this something
you're onboard with because we don't
want them to turn around in ten years in
me like I can't believe you made us do
this you got to say this so that you
guys know how much we respect you
so if miss monkeys gonna crash through a
table during New Year's she has to be
okay with that
I'm sad force her to do anything
want to do and if mr. monkey wants to
talk about certain gains or certain
feelings or wants to sing a song we want
to make sure that he picks a song that
he's happy to sing yeah like today
what song are you always practicing a
song yeah very secret oh it's a secret
top secret favorite songs and he's
practicing it so obviously I am over the
moon there are receptors in your brain
that produced dopamine and that's what
helps you feel happy when you have a
challenge or when you have a goals when
you're exercising you feel good about
yourself that helps surrounding yourself
with family surrounding yourself with
loved ones it is people as ative people
that make you happy
that's huge so important do you know
that you do not have any obligation to
be with people who are toxic who destroy
the best parts of you you have no
obligation to people like that right
even relative even relatives so just
because they're family
don't be forced to hang out with them
just because if they'll make you feel
good if they don't lift you up you don't
have to hang around with them hang
around with family that makes you feel
good hang around with friends and loved
ones loving detachment you can love
people but detached from afar because
you're just not healthy in each other's
lives and that's okay surround yourself
with great people exercise eat well so
these are the things that we do to make
ourselves happier we try to find a way
to have as much freedom as possible well
we still have the greasy meals we still
have the receipt meals at that uh
hamburger I had on the weekend was was
pretty greasy things are really good
yeah but it's a bold balance so the
animal we just kind of turn on the
camera to talk about happiness because
we know that there's a misconception
from a lot of people who watch us saying
oh oh you guys are happy all the time
how could you be so happy all the time I
wish I was happy like you guys 247 we're
not happy to for 700 we have days where
we're not at our best one thing I've
learned is in families a lot of it is
perception you may perceive something
that's different from the other person
and that's where communication comes in
so we do a lot of that we do a lot of
talking between us no matter how long it
takes some people might think we're
insane how long we actually sit and talk
to each other but that's been a major
thing is I may think that Papa's upset
about something that I'm perceiving and
then when he actually tells me oh it
makes a lot of sense and then I realized
that it wasn't like that at all so mmm
and the same with the monkeys right
mm-hmm
do we talk about things all the time oh
if we don't if we don't talk and then
you won't know how our feelings are
that's right that's right I think that's
actually one of the most important
things is to talk if you're bullied at
school if you're bullied at work if you
have a problem with your brother or your
wife or your husband or your sister talk
it out bring it up just as they say in
class if you have a question ask it ask
the question don't close your mouth and
not say anything just say it ask it if
you approach someone and they go all a
drama queen oh yeah you don't want to
want to go drama queen there's a yeah
there's a little thing here you have to
be able to talk it out reasonably you
can't just start if someone comes and
they want to talk to you about something
don't talk though yeah yeah through the
mill no one should be feel bad about how
they feel your feelings are your
feelings and no one should make you feel
bad for feeling a certain way and that's
where communication comes in and right
and that's where repairing and healing
button and this is all from personal
experience yep so it's better to just
think it through maybe wait 24 hours and
then say well how you feel and use your
magic lab you Larry and that's your
imagination and vocabulary use your
words words and use your imagination
brain
imagination you use your imagination
then you can imagine your words and then
you can speak properly what's something
else mama says all the time just because
you say something louder it doesn't make
it right
you don't have to yell you don't have to
have to raise your voice Marie in
Spanish it's called this book because
this supposed to be got going just nuts
yeah like when the clip you showed me
today you should know all the Pharrell
everyone freaking out you know I think
if people just kind of chilled out yeah
it just took a breather when maybe
waited 24 hours I used to have a boss at
work who used to say why don't we take
the 24-hour pill and we'll come back and
talk about this tomorrow
which was just something to say to like
relax let's think about it let's see how
we feel tomorrow about this and if you
feel the same way then let's talk about
it
and I think that's really good and I
think that's what helps people become
happier as well is being able to just
chill out and relax and think things
through and wait it's okay yeah time is
very important and time is very good and
that's what we've learned over all this
time that we've been together as a
couple as a family these are the lessons
that we've learned and so we just
stopped doing the stuff that made us sad
right or upset we just stopped doing
those things and we stopped associating
with people who made us sad yeah we only
only only focus on hanging out with
people that make us happy
something will happen probably in your
life that won't go so well you won't
always have like a happy life don't let
that thing ruin your day you still have
a whole day ahead of you it can be the
best day ever
but you just have to forget about that
bad thing and keep on going with all the
good things that's right
nice I think happy thoughts I think of
all of the things that I'm good at and I
just yeah I tell myself I'm good at
those things so that I can build myself
up again and have an amazing day I do
the same thing I think of motivational
thoughts in my head and I think like
just keep going because there's always
another perfect day ahead of you these
aren't always perfect but they can be
good I can be walking and all of a
sudden I can just stub my toe it doesn't
mean that that's gonna ruin my day I'm
gonna practice singing after I love
singing I can go ice-skating if you'd
hate with just what's going on right now
and you're going through some tough
times in life just smile because as soon
as you smile you'll feel a lot happier
just like try it like yeah I don't feel
happier okay everybody watching right
now no matter what's going on no matter
how crazy you look just no matter how
crazy you look or where you are or how
crazy life is happening right now let's
all just smile for like 5 seconds 3 2 1
starting now and now laugh laugh
that actually feels better
oh now you're prying thanks for watching
guys I hope you enjoyed that little talk
that we had we'll just keep doing we'll
just keep turning on the camera and
talking you guys week we appreciate you
guys so much we love you so much and
that's it if there's anything you want
us to talk about please let us know in
the comments we love reading your
comments there's anything you wanted to
talk about either that can't us we were
the kids
we love you guys let's go see your Legos
Linguini's apartment you know from
ratatouille yeah I'm like a huge fan i
watch that 10 billion times a day I'm
actually after this be I'm gonna go
watch it again so I actually made his
apartment amazing out of Lego so when
you go in that's the inside this is
where he keeps his chef's hat this is
where he keeps his plate they almost
broke Linguini's apartment chef hat his
beret keeps his plate
