something came in the mail today that
Miss monkey has been waiting for a very
long time are you ready yeah for the
squishies know you're gonna do a Q&A on
hold your bra well why are we at this
table no I knew it I knew it
what you got what you got okay okay so
no rice and carrots what did they come
from
thank good be ing G ood calm thank good
calm buyers fishes today now if that
actually part of your commercial okay
you understand squishies mr. monkey not
one bit okay but you do yes miss art
maybe my line so there's about like 15
to 20 10 I don't know Squishy's in here
and so I'm so excited I'm literally
freaking up guys - nope
okay let's go okay so the first thing
that fell out of the bag here was a
donut this is not just any donuts its mm
a plain doughnut
does it sound very special to me but
it's a Bango donut so I have to be
pretty good climb over okay okay there
we go
first thing I pulled up with it jo-ann
nuts this is like a orange powdered
donut oh my god I love don't up so yeah
looks like that I'm gonna take it out of
the packaging because I know you guys
ain't carrying that like a ruffling
sound in the package like this come on
focus now this is so soft bang good
because soft that is I don't care if my
squishies are effective the fact that I
even have squishies is just bricks tears
to my eyes
that's squishy you see you see that it's
freaky it's dr. Savage I think that's
the earth damage that's not just
anything which it's not chicken sammich
that's how you do it No oh I don't want
to upset and squishy community did you
seriously just spend like six minutes on
one squishy no because that's talking
it's like a chicken burger with lettuce
that's pretty cool that's like really
dense there go whole bag of squishies
guys there's two of em there's two of
them two bags of squishies guys got a
really pressure when you're fishing this
sorry about that guys you know what I'm
saying oh yeah sorry about my nails they
look like the garbage the poubelle
thank you French teacher I'm getting far
in life that lettuce though that's a
pretty good
you know it's not very still rising but
who carries bottom looks like a pancake
it's pretty good just to have anybody
sitting there staring on the side
doesn't even make sense anyways I got a
squishy I got a chicken burger I'm happy
yeah oh yeah let's study too because of
the sugar shuts a guava juice - chatter
- hello maybe shout-out to purple better
than 25 how can I forget that beautiful
woman especially Kathy DM hey would you
mind turning off the music
oh he's watching Harry Potter that's why
Harry Potter well I'm doing a freaking
squeegee video you know I kind of like
dead squishies alright that is that what
they're called dance kind of non slow
rising no beautiful twisty bread I
didn't I didn't buy this thank good hook
me up man
oh that's low rising let's praise the
rising are you gonna cut anything with a
hot night heck to the knob that's really
soft mmm smells like butter
the next thing I've pulled out is
something that I really really like you
can't actually see it but it's purple
banana has this I think I think she has
a bigger version and it's pink this is
the smaller version and it's green oh
wow they must really like this stuff
because it's a package inside of a
package you see that so I don't have to
read the packaging heck that's that's
really that's lowrider living man oh I
just
anyways I'm pretty sure I'll put it back
on well whatevs because hot but no it's
my boss this is so soft
oh yo man they should be sewing warp DS
on the net anyways this looks like the
eye bloom the bottle but like the manga
version and it comes with a keychain
oh yo
oh this is so cute oh this is nice mega
cute this is like the most quiet thing I
have wow look at that face
that's what I call slow right I still
love you add them but sorry okay so this
is like really soft and like squishy and
like boiled yeah I left I like the
blanket squishy some I kind of like you
know it's pretty slow rising the next
thing I pulled out of it is a strawberry
I can't can't it's from a scale of once
even I can't even dive school rising and
it's still rising snow but strawberries
and it's so soft
oh love thing that's questions my dad
would love this it's good to like fidget
with it's a little burger and it's quite
slow rising how cute those burgers okay
okay this burger is probably my favorite
so far
look at that slow rising it's an apple
does this smell like apples but it
smells really nice
oh my
I'm so proud of you I'm so proud of you
bangers next thing that I pull out is
this beautiful like they're kinda like
those jello cakes I don't know but it's
like made of French bread mudo and stuff
after this video I'm gonna join my
brother and some haircuts ah this is all
look at this
I got a flippin cat paw this is good be
put this this is good be put this is
good to put on my desk sorry if I look
like a wacko right here thank you thank
you very much thank you
a purple version of the milk bottle how
sweet is that
that's very nice let's have a thirsty
competition which one is more still
rising
she gave me two milk bottles one for me
one for you know by far the purple one
is much much this purple one is
definitely more slow rising by the way
why is your face so close because I need
it to me hello excited you think hey
this is love it says love loves alone
it's a love toast
you thought this at cave or cold why
would they put cold or cave first thing
I pull out of that is a it's a carrot
guide to carrot so here is the carrots
it's really surprising beyond soft
that's like mega soft I love how has
like those carrot like indents things to
make it look like a carrot you know oh
so soft
but that's a nice-looking carrot you got
there bang good and here we have Ike
what song yeah that is the quad thumb
got a really stress the quests black if
this is a jumbo ice cream
it's a jumbo ice cream look at how jumbo
that's it's bigger than my head guys
look
that is what slow rising looks like
don't you give up please do not run with
scissors and I was holding it the other
way just to let you pearance no squishy
dere is let's cut my carrot in half just
kidding that is so soft look at that
that's freaking slow rising
okay so the next thing is this a B you
will blow out the lazy bum one oh well
barely well barely on the wheelbase
Decker side okay so it's like really
really small oh that's like a no that's
not that's not a squishy that's too that
not an extra that's not a squishy well
technically it is a squishy it's really
stretchy I'm gonna give this to my
brother because I'm pretty sure he would
love it thanks for watching please like
subscribe leave a comment down below if
you really like this video watch our
other videos click on the bell to get
notified for every video that we post
that if we get to if we get this video
to 52 likes I'll do another video like
this 52 likes okay can you put that down
face where it was you got other one such
I would I won't I promise I won't I
promise I'm not touching your squishies
that's pretty squishy that's a little
rising guys she she said I couldn't
touch them thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
