a Dumbledore a Happy New Year
yeah Happy New Year monkeys oh hey happy
new year oh it's bad what's in there's a
table race Happy New Year Gucci Muji's
have been doing here monkey
good morning Gucci Gucci Mane with have
any troubles walking up doesn't if you
had no true you had no troubles at all
so how many hours of actual sleep did
you get half an hour half an hour of
sleep
everybody's looking a little tired we
are off to beautiful Mexico and this is
actually the first time the four of us
have gone to Mexico together our windows
ready for an exit
I was ready what issues are blamed yeah
Sweden shoot a victim of kicks some
whele
I like those kicks are you ready for
Mexico ah yes spending New Year's in
Mexico and a little cuddle cuddle bugs
over there how's it going cuddle bugs
excuse me we're having a little no can I
have a moment with you guys you know
what you guys have your moments I'll go
have my moment do you want to cuddle
with me someone I think oh we're just
actors
you know what we're stunt people - oh
you're the stunt person we're just the
supporting actors so here's a question
did that hurt flying through the table
you know it didn't like the fact it
could mean going through a table is this
office thing in the world you've never
sat sit in the bed were you nervous
y'all was it the first time you're
crashing through a table yeah we're yeah
you're like like crazy for me is I'm
like okay I'm doing I'm doing and then
when I crush dude I couldn't have gotten
up right away because I had to just lie
there and think like oh my god I just
really do it freakin TV that's what was
your favorite new year so far smashing
the bowl
this one you have snazzy shoes - those
are some snazzy shoes I will as bad and
bougie
this is a very special tweet tweeted
this is a very special treat for the
Abuelo's because this is the first time
they're going to get to fly in the front
of the plane so they got seats won this
is our gift to them this is our
Christmas game yes I just love looking
at their faces how excited they're
they're like little kids in the lounge
like you're having their coffee and
having a breakfast then get around look
it around next stop
charisma resort these people Mexico
generations Riviera Maya is your peak
sand mix like peeps in Mexico let me
show you guys some life hacks with Miss
emoji number one if you're bored on a
plane get up and deal with it another
life hack if you haven't got a phone
charger you need to charge your phone
sucker up buttercup what happens for a
light pack this much enjoy your life
are you guys okay okay mommy's turning
up Mila I had a buy any
I wanna get hit you lose somebody NATO
is they do it no not yet I want to come
home Eileen that's right
no you got to smile when you do that
your name is Jamie will engage you're
happy a hansom driving
okay now it's time to show you guys the
room
the monkeys are excited so whoa is this
our home for the next week I like I like
this already there's a bar over there
can I have uh just uh the living room
chillin room does the drop our bags room
we got TV what's this that's some cool
art this is the penthouse they give us
the penthouse
I will oh the penthouse beautiful
penthouse this is the kitchen that's a
big fridge
that's not your regular like hotel
fridge i see a little silhouetto of a
beautiful woman looking at this oh my
goodness
eight people eight people we don't even
have eight people okay study admired
admire it is like a half bathroom so if
you need to run to the washroom and you
can't make it to the real washroom you
come to the half washroom just in case
studies are pears oh there's a parents
room this apparents hribal's oh look at
that they left us a bottle of champagne
thank you very moment some fruity mr.
monkey is that real fruit
that's real okay whoa
oh no you can't jump over the balcony
wow what a view do you wanna play some
ping-pong after all right what else what
is that
I don't know how to eat it either whoa
maybe you shouldn't bite into it like
that when the kids go to sleep we be
drinking some dude wha what is this a
family bathroom what there's a hot tub
in the ocean Oh fall of life do you
think this guy's gonna hit it alright
Indiana Jones let's go he's going for
three ball is life
visualize
back to the tour this is one boring
shower just a shower why would we why
would we be showing one boring shower
what what what this is a rain shower and
this is an outdoor shower whoa
that's crazy if it's rainy you just go
out here take a shower in the rain yeah
is there anything else oh yes there is
yeah whoa this is another area this is
for the Abuelo's this is the UH Boulos
um other half so uh okay this is what we
wanted to do as a gift to them for New
Year's because they've never been able
to stay in a beautiful resort like this
and so we decided we'd get a place
Karisma hotels you guys whipped it up
thank you so much is this the only hotel
where the grandparents the parents and
the kids can stay yeah I think so
pretty sure I don't think I've ever seen
anything like it so they've designed it
so that different generations can enjoy
this together generations why boom this
is really a little sweet yes they have
their own TV and their own coffee oh do
they have their own
yes if you if you want more fancy
that's not privacy you look like Han
Solo oh gee that's not privacy at all
there's nothing oh oh okay so that's not
really that much privacy if the zombie
monkey can make it through are you okay
yeah but okay let's continue oh and they
got their own bowl of fruit
whoa they got their own better and they
get their own jacuzzi I was taking
pictures of his room like it's a crime
scene or get out of the way
he wants to take a picture without you
any yeah I feel like dancing when I'm in
a penthouse yeah I feel like dancing
dude if an palace makes me want to dance
oh yes man did you see the view he's
amazing
shaky shaky shaky shaky shaky shaky
shaky are you still taking pictures of
it like yo I'm getting my camera and I'm
taking pictures of everything
get out of the way he doesn't want
people in the shot take it all in video
here what kind of batteries does it take
I was really upset his battery died to
this oh yeah that's going on widows yeah
we've been for this escape these
penthouses are generations for sale in
Miami yeah I don't
what's your caters thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you can subscribe if you
already have subscribes please forget
everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
