ladies and gentlemen and welcome to
world renown beatboxer
mr. Korean FX is here for tea and
crumpets are those crumpets
those aren't crumpets those are Peter
leanness and cookies oh no he's gonna
leave no crumpets we are doing guess
that beatbox game today we're gonna have
some fun
mr. Korean FX was already doing some
cool stuff with mr. monkey so I'm gonna
link that right over here and I also
want you to check out his channel it's
over here
Korean FX is going to beatbox some
popular songs and we are going to guess
it so the person with the best guess
we're the most guesses wins what do you
think Peter green heads we're ready
you're ready okay mr. Kareem effects
kick a beat box and we're gonna try to
guess this song are they so I should be
easy dry my line guys hot drop it like
it's hot drop it like it's hot killed it
yes you guys don't know what did you
think it was
that's not enough to go haha we're gonna
need more than that maybe so bad at this
game oh man all right let's try another
one nothing nothing nothing by the way
Rahm Vanya to come around you're the
talk of the town I don't know the word
you know what I'm gonna give it to mommy
because she actually started seeing it
so you get a point
let us know in the comments what song
that was it's a good night now we're
hanging out in the communal Doritos
table and well Doritos and grapes and
candied nuts
I love candied nuts okay one one
gasolina
dummy gasolina
downtown that's an older one - that is
an old school song in you've got it
it was understands one Christmas musical
near the side Miss musically if Korean
FX was doing this I know temporally it's
a Timberland beat it tell Tim al anbiya
that's a million yes John not the little
field so I'm just a bachelor you saw the
father partners you you some Tony knows
how to write walk walk without even
family I know I know this one I know it
ride my pony you just saw no bows Adams
ride ride the pony
nowadays everybody I want to talk when
they got someone to save another come oh
my forgot about Dre yeah I should really
go on a game show I should really do
this I just want to hear him perform the
entire you know we just doing it's like
I know the song
Oh amazing
oh my goodness okay we don't want we
don't want to burn out Mr curry enough
thanks that was amazing thank you so
much
Korean FX guys check them out on YouTube
I'm gonna put it up at the top here I'm
gonna put it at the end of the video I'm
gonna link it in the description check
out my own I'm also gonna link your
Instagram and your Twitter you have to
check him out he's amazing you're the
best in the world
ah you are the best beatboxer in the
world hands down he's the best not the
best in the house until this video
yeah yeah we'll need to be boxing to the
pro thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
our little things will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
