we have a problem
today is December 26 we had a wonderful
Christmas and now I have Papa be on the
roof of our house because our house is
leaking so instead of watching a movie
or relaxing puppies fixing the house our
brand-new house our brand brand
brand-new house they should have been
brand new but we have a leaky roof this
is like leaking so now I got to get rid
of all the ice and figure out why this
is leaking and the water is going all
the way down and here this should all be
dry that's not bad
but over here it's all wet but over here
you all wet it's all wet so now mode
here and I'm waiting for people to call
me back so I think to over because they
told me that the only time they can come
fixes is if the way that was milder well
so everything's flying out now
everything's wet and we have a puddle in
our cold room but it just happens to be
the holidays which is the worst time of
year to get anything done catching any
extra water here
I need probably another better cup than
this hmm um something to stop the ice so
here we are in the dream house it's
supposed to be a dream house just to
show you that nothing is always perfect
we have a leak in our basement we have a
leak in our cold room and I have no idea
why there's water going downstairs so
we've called the guys responsible and we
just keep calling and calling but until
then everything is thawing out and I
need to figure out how I can stop it
until they can come and fix it
permanently I'm not a construction guy
I'm literally here with a spoon trying
to figure out how to fix this problem
for now you can't know everything and
you can't be good at everything
now if someone says to me mama B I want
to make soup with leeks - speak of the
devil
do do I eat the leeks well you don't eat
this part of the leek
so I would say to you
as I care about you and I want you to do
it right I would say cut this part off
until the light green this is the part
that you eat you cut this off and you
have to wash it really well right I
wouldn't say to you here take the leek
and make soup with it no I care about
you so I would show you how to make it
properly brick so the same thing goes
with a house if you're not in the
construction business and you don't know
about construction you don't know stuff
like this and we even had a home
inspector come in so it just goes to
show that stuff happens to everybody
we're not having the greatest day today
because we're trying to figure out how
to stop this water from coming into our
house and not getting our feet soaking
wet with ice-cold water trying to stay
positive trying to stay positive
positive trying to stay positive the day
after Christmas sorry about being grumpy
but this is it you know it's not always
perfect look at this so here's a bucket
that I put dripping through there
somewhere uh you know there's electrical
cable so that can't be safe I don't even
know where this water is coming from but
this water is like all over the place
splashing we got water coming over here
we got water over there in the corner
thank goodness that we don't have water
going into the house there's just so
much water and here in the corner so
there's the problem we got a lot of
water coming into the house and it looks
like it's coming in from a whole bunch
of directions and I have to go outside
and trying to figure this out and I'm
not a construction guy
I got a spoon see how it's dry over here
and look at this this brick is supposed
to be completely dry look at my cup
it's my stylish new cup trying to keep
the water from coming down and it is I
don't know
going in somehow so I need to figure
that out but first I need to get rid of
all the ice that's forming up there
because I think the eavestrough or
whatever that thing is called the the
thing wasn't sealed properly and now we
got water coming down in the wrong areas
and that's what I think's happening we
had some leaks and now I have it into
the bucket here and that leak I have to
figure out where that actual leak is
happening so I need to get rid of all
this ice and slush that I've been
chipping away because it's basically all
ice it's all ice up here this for some
reason there's an issue here and I think
that's where it's causing the flood
downstairs in the basement it's gotta be
here because every time this brick is
wet our basement gets wet so I'm gonna
try to figure out how to keep this dry
wish me luck guys I'm literally scooping
slush out of this Easter off with a
serving spoon I guess this will tell
whether or not they say to us hey that
house is yours figure it out and now we
have to find mason amazing so many
people is that we're like that roofing
couple masonry people what do we call do
we call masonry people do we call with
the roofers that worked on the house
these dinners the masoner's or are they
gonna come and say no we should have
taken care of this you shouldn't be
having to deal with this for months into
living there so I guess we'll let you
guys know what happens we'll keep you
posted guys bad stuff happens to
everybody
however we are all healthy and safe and
so we're very thankful for that
however it's scary when water is coming
into your house because water can be
very very destructive and we don't want
mold in the walls and so I'm trying to
stay positive and not think about that
stuff but how are you spending your
twenty six yeah so I contacted the only
person I could contact connected to this
house and they said that they can't get
a hold of anyone and they can't help
right now so of course it's not their
house that's leaking
okay now I'm officially sad I need a
better spoon oh you wanted a dry house
put it in the contract I should have
specified I want to stay dry you should
specify that hello how are you I was
wondering if you can sell me a house
that doesn't be so I can relax and now
it's pouring rain outside
chiseling in the rain with an umbrella
on this is crazy
there's like ice all by the yeast drop
two hours later okay so I think I was
able to identify the issue one of the
issues I think there's a whole bunch of
issues first one is up there the end of
that efz trough wasn't sealed properly
so I sealed it I used cocking my efz
trough cocking whatever it's called over
there and now I have to figure out where
the leak is coming from at the bottom
here there's there's a problem down here
somewhere temporary solution I fixed it
to the best of my abilities I am NOT a
roofer or an eavesdropper is it that's
the name you offered you're not the end
of the day we're healthy and we're safe
but it would also be nice to be dry that
would be awesome
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the
left-hand our little things will pop up
and you get to subscribe if you already
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
