ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
world's first eggnog smoothie challenge
for the holidays our first contender is
coming at you with the funky Santa
onesie massage
my god
whoa mr. monkey how you doing
pretty nice awesome how do you kill with
a smoothie challenge today ready to win
Penn our next contender in the eggnog
smoothie challenge the most beautiful
smoothie drinker in the womb ah yeah
what the hell
getting ready how you feel mama be
physical I'm ready you ready I make all
right I got this the next contender is
sweet and kind and funny and nice and
smart and loving is ready for this I'm
ready to win be a dog challenge oh and
finally last but not least we have our
very own miss monkey
oh whoa
now we're not be ready to go here
reindeer welcome to the eggnog smoothie
challenge special shout out to Joel
boxer thank you again for sponsoring us
and for hooking us up with this awesome
holiday sleepwear what the elf Santa
onesie little penguins Wow
you can get the same look at kmart.com /
Joe Boxer follow Joe Boxer flicky on
Instagram
and use the hashtag show your job so
there's more details down Joe Boxer comm
check it out and now it's time for G
another smoothie challenge holidays okay
so the rule is we will put eggnog in the
mix and then we are all gonna pick out
of the hat two items they could be
disgusting or nice and we're gonna put
it in the smoothie cup please read the
ingredients that may or may not go into
the eggnog smoothie okay in the bad
category we have jalapenos ketchup
carrot juice rice vinegar hot sauce
barbecue sauce and mustard and mustard
oh that's nasty okay what about the
sweet stuff because you're my sweet boy
ice cream marshmallows maple syrup and
HC powder which stands for hot choc
chocolate powder okay so we're gonna put
these in a hat okay so here are the
rules
once we mess up cream okay
so not going subway Mechanica okay we
are all going to drink whatever we make
out of this but the person who drinks it
first waits the smoothie challenge it if
you punk out you don't want to drink it
that's fine what you lose okay who wants
to go first
all right all right here we go guys the
world's first eggnog challenge no
cheating
we have some nice and some nasty some
nice some not mustard mustard okay first
we got to do the eggnog
so while Papa is putting the mustard in
can you let us know in the comment
section how do you prepare your eggnog
for the holidays do you put cinnamon in
there how do you drink it do you drink
it cold you drink it warm let us know in
the comments all right eggnog and
mustard mr. monkey you're up next
hmm please beat something nice please be
something nice can't guarantee you last
night when all right a little bit of
mustard
another ketchup so far we've hadn't had
any good ones except for eggnog
it doesn't really matter if we put good
once cuz there boy there's our maple
syrup
but Nicholson member okay maple simple
Oh ice cream ice cream spoon this is not
so bad yeah as long as we don't get
anything else that's nasty we're good
all right 50 yeah good to go so far this
is what we have looks like a perfect hmm
let's see yeah what'd you get okay I'm
doing the real opinion oh this is
looking kind of gross right now
jalapenos mustard ketchup eggnog
carrot juice ice cream gross what do you
got hot sauce oh this is what this is
where this is the turning point right
here people un poquito por favor that's
good okay last one guys let's hope for
the best
something sweet so you see it's
something sweet so please sing something
sweet something savory hot chocolate
powder
got it batteries so I became the only
taste aha
you're gonna taste everything in this
eye
alright guys okay okay guys here it is
we have all the nasty ingredients yeah I
forgot what's actually in here
let us know in the comments if you have
been keeping track of this contest
because I know that there's like four
nice ones and four nasty ones at night
forgot so
I was gonna take it off veggies I
thought that out how you take it out Oh
God give the smell give it a whiff
that's smells good smells good smells
like oh boy this is not eggnog yeah yeah
yeah something chunky just came out you
saw no Jim oh okay so here's the deal ah
the first one to finish their cup I know
I don't
are you cheesy I fishy Jeanne oh no no
the first one to finish their Cup wins
who wants to count it down mama B you
want to count it down okay okay
salut salut down the hatch salut happy
holidays happy holidays I'm standing
away from everybody three two one wow
it's not that bad Wow
the boys want them in line we were the
boys one this one does that not like
burn you know oh it's awful because now
everything is coming up like like the
ketchup in the mustard the jalapeno a
jalapeno the hot sauce but the sweet
stuff did nothing no hot chocolate
congratulations boys thank you
thank you oh thank you so much the Joe
Boxer again I will leave details down
below thank you so much of course we
have to end our holiday the dama
smoothie challenge with a dance party
well let's do this if you like this
video please give it a big like and if
this video gets 20,000 likes then I will
put only nasty ingredients in the next
smoothie challenge
member
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little things will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
