good
good morning good morning good morning
to you good morning good morning to you
are you guys sleeping Oh that there
actually no I have better than ever
because it's because there's no school
and it's Saturday you're like me we need
a lot of sleep your leg loss is so
pretty
like wow and it's not lipstick it's lip
gloss lip gloss she's not allowed to
wear lipstick until it's 35 light and
shine lip blinks that's English for lip
gloss
cool story okay sorry bro tell us again
why would you need a light to apply lip
gloss here let me not so happen when
you're applying in the dark like what
would your here where are we going today
mama we are on our way today to a super
special place that has been around for a
long time I think it was since 1985
and I remember being a kid and hearing
about this when they contacted us we
were so so so so happy to participate in
what they're trying to do and what am I
talking about is the Ronald McDonald
House which is a charity which offers
housing to families whose kids are sick
and getting treatment of course we love
children
and it's important for us to give back
and so this is one of the ways that
we're getting back is to bring awareness
to it and we're going to visit the house
have you ever wondered what it looks
like inside the house I think there's a
few families that live in there together
are you curious to see how they live
together yeah maybe they support each
other while their kids are getting
treatment and it's nice that they have
each other and they know what they're
going through it's like their home away
from home especially it's the holiday
season it's important for us to think
about charities this time of year and to
give because we've been so blessed we
want to share we are super excited to
see what the Ronald McDonald
does for these families we even have a
surprise for the people at ronald
mcdonald house and we're even donating
some money to Hollinger we don't
anything $1000 $1000 I saw one and we
also really hope that the donation that
we make really helps the people I run on
the colonel to our site to go guys we're
excited to go we're excited to donate
work site to have some fun yeah so they
serve 81 families and night here and
because the kids who stay here their
health is so compromised because they're
going through treatment that they have
their own Park and they have their own
movie theater for them so
don't have to pull they don't have to
leave the house here they can stay here
and they're healthy and they're
protected and they don't have to go out
and risk and insurance so these are
right shows you where the kitchens are
connected why the kitchens are yes can I
go over to my client's house for dinner
right we do it that is so cool so this
is the kitchen where the families put
their meals the full length the whole
length is kitchen massive and it's got a
beautiful view of a neighborhood so you
really feel like you're home three or
four times a week people can come and
make dinner for the families that stay
here you can come and make
you can bring a magician you can
entertain the mini thumb laughs maybe
you can bring some empanada you know I
think one thing you should make some
empanadas I should make I think you
should come back and make like 500 in
eyes I'll help you something to
entertainment
we can we can dance to join the beating
join that be I think we can do something
what do you think Minnie Miranda what do
you think the Ronald McDonald House also
has their own school insights we're
going to check it out right now oh I
love the smell in here my zoo my
childhood lumber yeah smells like fresh
paper and glue and this is their school
and it has two full-time teachers and it
has actually been recognized as a real
school so that kids can keep up their
academics patience
siblings they can keep some normalcy in
their lives and so that when they do get
better and they do return back home they
don't fall back a grade or they don't
have to catch up they keep up with their
education right all ages all grades up
to grade 12 312 312
you really forget they round the city
right I know that's great people
we learned that it costs about a hundred
and fifty dollars to house one family
here and night but they only charge the
family fifteen dollars a night to stay
here right which is a huge what's a
sheer top of the family because when you
have a sick child in treatment and if
you have to stay in a hotel and there's
meals it can get really expensive and
you still have your house back home
that's incurring costs like your
mortgage and and usually a parent has to
take time off of work so what they're
doing is absolutely amazing
giving housing to families and this is
what the room would look like so the
parents can sleep here you guys the
monkeys you guys wouldn't have to fight
over a bed you guys have your cot you
have your cards right side you guys can
sleep stay together and we have a couch
area as our bathtub toilet sink and your
essentials all your essentials
everything you need as a family that
little sitting area yeah you can hang
out you have your TV yeah beard you can
do movie nights here yeah yeah my
telling you to surround stare so they
don't need a kitchen here and I think
it's nice to go downstairs and talk with
the other families and kind of hang out
together and and they even have Ronald
McDonald family rooms in hospitals so we
are also doing some charity fundraising
for the Hospital for Sick Children yes
and they have a family room where
families can get away for a little bit
from the beeping from the machinery and
go to these rooms and have some peace
and quiet because we all need some time
to ourselves right yes we all do some
quiet and now they're actually gonna
take us downstairs to the basement and
they said the monkeys will love this so
outside the rooms they have these
Gords like you know when you decorate
your friend's locker for their birthday
that's why they do it so that the
families can write a message maybe to
the others here at the house or they
give updates about their child and how
they're doing or maybe just it's an
inspirational message mm-hmm
here's Cole and pulls a fan of America's
Funniest Home Videos are you a fan of
America's Funniest Home Videos yeah well
we have funnier videos so you're gonna
have to watch us on YouTube and
subscribe because we a lot of funny
videos and it's going to make you laugh
I guarantee does it make you laugh
because dad's getting hit hit over the
head with a bottle
is always good to get the high fives
high fives
but you're gonna have to give pull some
money for giving you a lift okay how
much does she owe you did she get his
charge would we charge for variety just
high five this pot this pumps okay fist
bump there gave you oh nice all right
let's go
this is where puppy with me this is
where I would be I be able to treadmill
all day and we call them off and falling
off her videos whoa that is cool
to be activities as you do it's like
interesting her image and their
self-awareness teaching a body that I
just taught was done they do a lot of
activities in here the kids can ride
their bikes stuff when it's raining
outside amazing
you're good I know I do long unskipable
scary yeah so we're showing Cole our
videos because he wanted to see and man
a YouTube video and it was a it was a
nun skippable head he's like can we skip
the ads we can't you get alright sorry
go watch gonna watch the ad first
you lead the way call no they hit a cone
and try to catch me ridin dirty
miss monkey wants a popcorn machine for
the house by the way ya know this is the
movie theater the movie theater families
can come and watch movies special events
you don't have to worry about going to
movie theaters and read germs they sit
here they're comfortable quiet super
quiet oh what a good vibe yeah it's a
great vibe tears giving their time yeah
definitely when we just we're just happy
to be a part of it so I just want to
thank the Ronald McDonald House for
inviting us here weren't for it just to
our end and participate in xela
fundraising yes there's like an event on
April 2nd that we're gonna be emceeing
so we will definitely capture that what
see the end wise we're gonna be by MIDI
beatboxing mom is gonna be dropping bars
for sure you're gonna be there dropping
bars mr. Mike mr. Wonka I think he's
still in the theater somewhere I think
he's trying to check if there's a Wi-Fi
in the theater yes there is go ahead
on behalf of our family we would love to
give you a donation for the Ronald
McDonald House so Google thank you very
much we really appreciate your support
thank you enjoy your tour today yes what
was the best part um well just like
seeing everything in life and maybe
making like the art instead now my
favorite was beyond when she draws
you're trusting when she ja excellent oh
that's great what we loved having you in
the house thank you you're welcome
anytime thank you so this donation that
we gave him today helps a week's worth
of families to stay here doesn't that
feel good yeah good feel amazing in your
heart
yeah feels really good yeah making me
tear up Institute she doesn't she has my
heart and she has my thank you yeah cry
for everything cries for everything I I
don't I'm emotional on the inside robot
I'm a robot since the day I was born I
haven't seen him crying oh yeah I've
ever seen okay no I cry on the inside I
cry enough for everybody thanks for
watching everybody
peace out later guys thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
points it's my radio voice but
