happy Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
mister okay sleep gonna sleep
how do Thanksgiving spaghetti asleep
this is our first official Thanksgiving
special with Mama B and Wayne uh mama
B's mother hello it was here Willis I
wouldn't here somewhere Happy
Thanksgiving
are you this is special this is our
first Thanksgiving mama B cooks special
and mama B is going to be making well
obviously with the family with the
monkeys with a Laila you guys are gonna
be making a multi-engine regional what
are you gonna make well we're making a
bunch of stuff so we're gonna start
obviously with the church because that's
the biggest thing it takes the most time
any of it yes that's the first thing
that we're gonna do this is gonna be a
long video there's gonna be turkey
there's gonna be stuffing there's gonna
be desserts there's gonna be shot sorry
shop what are you can you say shop with
a Shack you die what a shock oh dear I
mean is that the combination there is a
home energy laser these meats and
cheeses and look at the star of the
chomp this is the turkey that we will be
eating today
okay see when you watch their heads yeah
are you sure
let's see gonna clear they're washed hmm
lavender mama me take us to the journey
of the Thanksgiving turkey okay we have
the famous bird what do we do first
so this is our recipe or I should say my
mom's recipe based on traditions so
there's a million recipes you can use
with turkey but this is how we do it and
that is we insert celery and fresh
rosemary into the bird the cavity means
the inside right yes watching this yes
you've got to feed that bird through its
cavity yeah mom he doesn't even roll up
her sleeves when she feeds birds a magic
bullet here it is a peeled Apple we like
to use McIntosh because it's very it's
very fall I'm killed apple goes inside
as well it's gonna tenderize the meat
and the rosemary is very aromatic so
it's gonna add a really nice flavor to
it is it the same Apple no no we're
gonna use butter okay
lots of butter you're gonna have a
butter you're gonna wanna butter and
we're gonna butter everywhere you can
the entire bird oh I'm gonna tuck it in
oh it's so wet I feel like touching out
should I put it yeah it's a bird nut of
the bird but on the bird but of the bird
inside I get you guys you guys are like
the champion butters whoa
he's like a gorilla keep buttering it is
a bird the turkey bones make such a good
soup woof you just add vegitables and
let it cook for hours and it's really
tasty
we've buttered the turkey we've stuffed
it this is how much salt a good portion
and you're gonna start salting the
entire British herb
so this is about eight kilos they're
like 45 pounds that is a 17 pound bird
so what's next so we have three bouillon
cubes chicken bouillon will be okay so
mr. monkey can you drop it in there and
you can drop those two in there and you
just leave it on the tray you don't have
to rub the turkey with it no apple juice
I will tell you when to stop Wow apple
juice it's about two cups it's about two
cups apple juice and chicken broth
chicken broth done two cups of apple
juice
one cup of chicken broth Wow and it's
ready to go it is ready to go we're
gonna add a few more pieces of butter
okay see you guys are putting that
butter in the pan right because as it
cooks every 15 minutes or so you're
gonna get that liquid you're gonna give
the turkey a nice bath you're gonna see
that this skin starts to cook and it's
gonna come apart and you just keep
beating it in that water and it's gonna
be so tender lettering amazing so juicy
delicious
mama B give us the rundown of what is on
and inside this Turkey right now
inside is a peeled McIntosh Apple you
can use any of what you want fresh
rosemary one celery stalk inside the
cavity butter lots of butter inside the
bird and in the juice lots of salt and
there is chicken stock apple juice and
chicken bouillon cubes inside the liquid
which is gonna serve as the gravy and
it's gonna go for about three and a half
hours besides
Open Sesame
mom B's using that core by turkey by
turkey say bye did you guys save items
or key
what are the appetizers for today lips
crackers cheese meets spring rolls
grapes pita chips Simoes yeah wow we
have a lot to be thankful for mr. monkey
what do you have to be thankful for
oh I'm thankful for making our family
members happy with all of our videos I'm
thinking oh so for having an amazing
life and getting to spread all of our
joy to you guys oh and I'm also thankful
for video games made my sushi roll with
cheese and prosciutto tempura sauce we
have a corriendo symmetric Wow and a
spicy sweet and sour
what is family which one's your favorite
the cilantro cilantro and you enjoy
everybody while the bird gets cooked
it's been sorry how long I would come
out okay you're just wasting you can
have one of those fancy things that
sucks it important but those are a pain
to clean it's been about an hour hour 15
minutes and it's getting a really nice
color on top right but now it's time to
cover and you get a little blanket yeah
because you don't want it to like char
okay mama B told me to turn the camera
back on because she's making this
stuffing I also have regular stuffing
for mr. monkey because he likes the
boxed one but this is a special one so
we have if I get you know the baguette
bread that comes in the bay you cut it
up
and you're gonna dry these in the oven I
like to drizzle a little bit of olive
oil okay you chopped 1 onion so you have
so far you have bread onions how long
are you toasting yeah right for okay mmm
2 tablespoons of butter there this is
Asha morges bored of cooking my Chetta
wow what a sponge of that and Chavez
like a cured meat put that there
Pauline sausages and I'm gonna remove it
from its casing that once the onions
cook the celery cooks the pancetta cooks
the sausages you pull out the bread
after about 10 minutes in the oven
everything's gonna go in the pan and
mommy's gonna mix it up mix it up mama
B's my boss is watching me how's
everything so far
the drippings of the pancetta
oh that's cool sausage oh my goodness
that's what they look like
right it's okay so now we're gonna start
to combine okay bring that gold over
here mama be the gold and the drippings
keep the drippings you're gonna mix it
with celery make sure it's all even okay
I get my egg pour that on top one cup of
chicken broth I'm gonna do four
beautiful leaves of seed mmm can't go
wrong with fresh herbs I'm gonna mix
that again see all the juice that's on
the bottom that's gonna get soaked up
some black pepper
to moisten and before it goes into the
oven mama be with this fresh parsley
oh we're gonna bake it for 30 minutes
that's it
so the turkey right now is still at 360
I'm gonna throw it in there it at the
same temperature because I can't change
it forever okay so this turkeys been in
the oven for over two hours
mama bees putting the stuffing in the
oven let's see what the turkeys looking
like after two hours in the oven Oh
snippet is sniffing it that's a good
looking turkey after two hours - oh it
looks like that once in a while you just
got a pour some juice on the turkey now
we're gonna reduce it to 350 and you
have a stuffing winter and the stuffing
is there that's gonna go for about half
an hour when that comes out I'm gonna
stick my sweet potatoes in there I have
potato peeling over here for the mashed
potatoes thank you
we have the green bean station I love
doing green beans so we're just cutting
off the tips good job you are an amazing
chef chef
try not to drop the food on the floor
chef Thank You chef push it
now you can peel it
okay it's not just about the turkey and
the stuffing mr. monkey green beans
garlic garlic I put olive oil and then I
put water Wow
so that means cooking with flavor and
then there's potatoes and you have corn
you guys are cooking for a thousand
people and there's corn on the cob and
there's green beans this is all
happening right now while we wait for
the stuffing and the turkey that is in
the oven you're making the mashed
potatoes oh it is that the stuffing yes
did you pull the stuffing out of the
oven
I could just eat this the whole day of
cooking
okay so mama be chopped up the sweet
potatoes and you've laid them out on the
tray so they're just like cut up on what
1-inch there's like six of us and mama B
you're cooking for about 35 people we're
gonna have leftovers for days and I'm
totally fine about that what are you
looking for mommy he's putting salt I
know that spice pepper pepper ten ten
ten ten ten we in the bet want you to
push it back who it might be
this is paprika paprika for the free-cos
just a tiny bit willow is downstairs
right now watching narcos how long is it
gonna go in the oven for hmm well I'll
tell it's tender when you stick a fork
in it 2025 minute how's the turkey oh
wow look at that almost three hours and
that turkeys looking fantastic oh look
at that gravy you can really smell the
Apple about three and a half hours in
the oven not that I'm ever gonna make
one but just so that you guys ever want
I like you know it does smell like a
restaurant in there the turkeys almost
ready you ready yeah yeah which one
would like to be supported turkey oh I
like this one we killed about 12
potatoes boil them and I added
about three tablespoons tender four
tablespoons of butter I like a lot of
butter and my potatoes half a cup of
milk like I continue to add milk because
I like them very soft creamy and I add
nutmeg and nutmeg gives it a really nice
earthy taste and salt to taste my salted
and then it tastes it kind of night see
you baby I'm trying to figure out who
the 37 other people are coming to eat
today the Thanksgiving feast is ready
mama B I need to add some epic music to
the display of food oh my goodness check
this out guys
Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving everybody it is now
time to feast and mommy cooks miss
monkey and mr. Monken I will it tastes
amazing we hope you guys enjoyed this
Thanksgiving a feast health happiness
and peace health happiness and peace
happy Thanksgiving everybody we love you
so much this is Jeff approved do you
think I can make a good stuffing you'll
make good videos oh thank you thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
