are you guys ready for another family
challenge what oh snap
today we are playing Mario Party Star
Rush and it is gonna get crazy here so
Nintendo asked us if we were interested
in working with them to help promote
this game that has just been released
and we're like yeah okay Nintendo will
work with you we can do this together as
a family which is awesome we all have
our new Nintendo 3ds excels in our hands
and we're ready to go we have the
minigames already set up here you play
all kinds of different games there are
seven different modes to play but today
we're gonna play toad scramble and we're
gonna play the coin math Alon coin
Athlon coin my own employment lon fine
asshole okay so first things first
toad scramble but what is the object of
the game with toad scramble mr. monkey
so you're a toad what you have to do is
you have to use your dice to either go
on mystery paths to get you special
items or you can recruit other
characters like Mario characters to help
you throughout the game with like dices
and stuff after that you have to go to
the boss to try to defeat it okay cool
so the boss here is Petey piranha PD
Perry and the whole idea here is
everyone gets to move around in their
own place you don't have to wait for me
to move and then mr. monkey goes
everybody gets to move around the board
as they please so mama B you can go and
collect coins in one side I can go
somewhere else
and then if one of us actually reach the
boss we all get to challenge the boss
and one of us will get the start right
hence star rush okay so let's move
around this game board alright I got six
two three mama B what do you got five I
got six I got six one two three
okay I'm going straight what's happening
I got one well II do
I'm green back here mommy your Yeller
toad yeah
so you beat mr. monkey oh so who is the
red one me oh so is Miss monkey against
mama B oh all right going down sister
you're going down all right one one zero
uh-huh how we going nowhere ha ha ha you
got 5 oh man
I moved 1 get to the big guy I want to
get to the big guy I like that huh were
you at me everyone's moving everyone's
moving okay mr. monk you reach the boss
that means we all have to scramble now
to rescue the star all right here we go
Peter the piranhas you're going down my
friend then this is my game face my
hands are sweaty so how do you do so
press a as fast as possible to race in
the pipeline I'm so far away from that
height
all right now so pick up the shell mama
be with a and then throw it with a you
have to throw it up Peter the pronto
yeah shell I got a shell yourself oh I
just got stomped on thank you
take it easy piranha take it easy buddy
oh oh I keep getting run over
okay so I'm the blue guy mommy is the
yellow okay sorry darling yeah who's
winning
miss monkeys in the lead right now the
red toad can't have that happiness you
can't have that happen
Oh Oh Peter Browns getting mad Oh Oh
Peter got hurt babies Petey's late
oh no I'm throwing like I'm grabbing the
shells and throwing it at the wrong
place oh I keep throwing it at the wrong
guy
yeah oh just got stepped on who's in the
lead
who got the phone exactly I got the
final attack but early Oh mr. monkey
wins
mr. monkey rescued this star second miss
monkey third me mama B fourth what you
learned you learn okay now we're going
to play coin the flan when I like this
one coin the flan is fun because you get
to race around a track and in order to
move you have to play these minigames
and the better you do in these minigames
the faster you go around the track and
so we're gonna go with three laps Daisy
all right mama B's Daisy and I'm gonna
be yo cheese point of lon that's my
Yoshi impression oh you're gonna do well
miss monkey but well I love the friendly
trash-talking that happens here between
siblings waiting mama B we're not gonna
trash talk each other
oh no she gave me the look here we go
I'm going to stomp on you look at this I
don't need to review now school day all
right minigames so what you guys are
seeing on screen right now is Miss
monkey in her little submarine trying to
catch core needs so let's do it but you
can see on the Left top left of the
screen in the gameplay you can see how
everyone else is doing so I am Yoshi
mama B is Daisy and mr. monkey is Super
Mario and right now Yoshi is oh boy how
does mr. Howell well I'm just glad
how are you collecting so many coins so
fast
we just no no no no okay and you can see
at the bottom of the screen where
everyone's going on the racetrack
so right now Mario is in the lead peach
is the second place Yoshi's in third
Yoshi just took the lead I'm in second I
didn't take the lead I'm in second place
though whoa
winner winner chicken here
back in place you're in second place how
far are you mom Daisy's not too far all
of this was awesome okay you have to
deliver the item so mama B you have to
grab the item that they're requesting so
at the bottom of toads gonna show up
near like oh I want I want a mushroom
okay so get the mushroom and deliver it
to the toad flip it gotta order like a
flower and then you have to go to the
counter and pick it up by pressing a and
then go deliver it as quickly as
possible let's see here ah okay oh all
right mmm wait Margo 61 he's in the lead
yes I am rolling Rumble here we
go oh I like this one yeah this is fun
so you get to go around and knock these
little what are these guys called shy
guys like that do I need to use a for
anything yes you can use a tissue to go
faster around the around the little
circle thing and it may not turn off
whoa
Mario is just enough yes I am wow I was
just wrong my whoa no I just fell off
whoo oh and I keep falling oh no I think
you got it you got it we got it
you won again mr. monkey is like the
king of playing these games okay so you
see guys at the bottom of the screen the
little character did you just finish I
guess the one you're just one just one
oh my goodness oh finish good job oh
good job good job you record new record
okay so clearly mr. monkey is very good
at video games
clearly right okay so clearly the
monkeys are better than the parents at
playing this game years of practice
years of hours of practice not what not
just with this game but with every
single game look every single game okay
so Mario Party star Rush is available
right now I'm gonna put a little link
right here so you guys could watch more
on this game and I'm gonna leave some
information down below in the
description box so you guys can check it
out
and you can also play with your amiibo
by tapping an amiibo on the system you
can get
one surprises in the game tap an amiibo
to score new characters game modes and
all kinds of other perks okay so there
different parts of the game where you
can actually yeah oh yes you you guys
have fun yeah so much fun so you can
only play this game on the Nintendo 3ds
family of systems thank you so much for
watching guys I hope you guys enjoyed
this little family battle thank you
again to Nintendo we're gonna do this
again
Thank You Nick we're gonna definitely do
this again we love you guys thanks for
watching and we will we will do another
challenge here we're gonna turn off the
camera we're gonna challenge each other
I can your hacked is this I'm gonna be
back one day I'm gonna be number one are
you guys laughing don't laugh at your
mother yeah things that have 10 V you -
thanks for watching if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up see you
later have a great week
and now it's time for rematch rematch
you're goin down no I'm going up thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radial voice but
