sorry ladies only tonight
it's the 100 layer challenge miss monkey
is gonna be the specimen of the 100
layer challenge and thank you to Joe
Boxer for working with us to showcase
all this awesome clothing hey Joe we
love you Joe Boxer make sure to check
out exclusively at Kmart Joe Boxer
clothing starting at 495 and guess what
we're doing a bunch of giveaway just
leave a comment down below and you will
automatically be included in the
giveaway we're gonna give away some
unicorn t-shirts
unicore some varsity jackets today it's
all about the ladies with the varsity
jackets I like the wood is very amazing
what is the age span for awesome amazing
and make sure you upload your selfie
your show your Joe selfie to Instagram
hashtag show your Joe
make sure you act Joe Boxer licking on
Instagram for a chance to win a getaway
vacation holiday don't wait get away get
away I'm gonna include all kinds of
details down below we're the Joe Boxer
family so if you go to Joe Boxer dot-com
you're gonna see us bad bad bad
all right back to the hundred layer
challenge
johanna miss monkey are you ready for
this okay
let's do this all right this is layer
number button this is whole slice okay
you're the one who keeps track of the
lives and you're the one who give me the
Lance okay well you're number three
there's still areas like lockers I don't
know if this monkeys for non-elect
warmers just yet number four that's
their number five later number five you
can do sucks you can do slippers
this is number six
Joe Boxer said there's so much clapping
that for myself for mr. monkey miss you
mama be great now she's wearing my
underwear you're gonna be number seven
very number seven eight layer number
eight players number nine the nine
layers of Joe Boxer of nine layers right
now model for you guys big my wasted
layer number thirteen I have layers 17
18 and 19
okay let's go okay how are you doing
this monkey 18 this under your feet
nineteen holiday layer 20 let's go right
here later 20 20 thermal cruise long
sleeves Oh
how cute these are look at the face I
turned the heat off heat up we're
putting on a third little table now 24
24 Joe Boxer thank you so much for
hooking us up with all this amazing
clothing but we aren't going to share
what we have received which is giveaway
we are gonna share with you guys because
we love you yes so there is a chance
that you might get something that miss
monkey was wearing and sweating in
during this challenge the underwear kids
okay whatever Tony Hoare that's good
okay so this is their 26 layer 26 now
you have a leggings on so it's gonna be
much easier to put on 26
my hips are so heavy that is hilarious
you should walk into a Kmart and say
excuse me do you have any parsecity
jackets is that 27 let's go pull it
she can't even bend your knees
very delirious
here's another one first of all no
second of all no okay here we go a
football player now look like the pretty
little princess we got some slippers a
very adult good sports because we have
technically she failed in the 100 layer
chocolate but I think I think this is
okay I don't think we could put any more
layers on her how do you feel miss
monkey
alright that was close enough miss
monkey I think you could take the layers
off are you okay how do you feel you
feel perfect what a trouper thank you so
much to Joe Boxer again check out Joe
Boxer calm for more details and more
information I'm gonna leave more
descriptions down below and now we're
gonna put a thousand layers on mr.
monkey No thank you and leave a comment
down below
I can't tab leave a comment down below
for the giveaway we are giving away a
bunch of unicorn t-shirts we're giving
away a bunch of stuff that Miss monkey
was wearing thanks for watching
everybody we love you thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you can subscribe
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
