I'm in love with my heat us I'm in love
with my heat up guess what is happening
today I'm so excited because we always
excited when I cook but he does mama B's
making fajitas how you doin mama B
making fajitas but he does is one of our
favorite meals and whenever we go out
for dinner and I see the cost of fajitas
in restaurants I'm like what you can
make it at home and it's so fun for the
family to eat so that's what we're
making tonight for dinner yes and that's
what you're having with us haha the
Arsenal no no nothing nothing enter
enter enter enter and and these are mama
B's special spices in her special spices
drawer can you say special spices drawer
three times fast special spices George
special dresser
oh look at all that chicken that's right
miss monkey those are chickens can you
make a chicken sound no yeah that's
right miss monkey fajita it's a little
strip place of origin Mexico and the
United States all right now I am a
fajita historian so I like to give my
chicken a rinse before I start cutting
so this chicken I got for $27 this is a
lot of chicken that's a lot of chicken
right whereas normally you go to a
restaurant and that's what you would pay
for one person Wow
easily seven breaths okay rest Oh washed
full rinse you rinse them yeah because
if I if I wash these chickens I would
reach for the soap and then mama B would
slap my first thing you're going to cut
them into strips okay not thick
that's a nice piece of chicken it's not
thick at all because you don't want it
to take a long time to cook but this is
like super thick yeah so I'm gonna cut
that in half okay so don't cut the
fajitas too thin or too thick you're
right right see anyone you have like
little pieces of fat like that just trim
that off get that fat out of here right
eat it fat we're gonna have a lot of
stuff to put on top of the fajitas we're
gonna make it healthy fun for the kids
you want to count it down 3 2 1
whoa mama me you are the fastest chopper
in the world that's all the chicken
there look at that that's a lot of
protein chicken if you handle chicken
it's very important to wash your hands
if you're eating peanuts you just have
to do this
you're not that you making now spices
that I like to add to my fajitas are and
this is all half a teaspoon okay
ground cumin garlic powder onion powder
oregano paprika and chili powder or
you can cheat you can buy one of these
little budgets right there don't tell
anybody
this has a lot of that stuff if you
don't have all of those spices you can
just grab a quick pack of this taco or
fajita add it to your chicken super easy
but I like to use the actual spices all
right and of course salt and pepper to
season your chicken yes this is a lot of
chicken okay I want to make sure my
chicken is nice and salted a lot of
bitter salt yeah just good get it all up
in there yes pepper paprika for the
freakin Rica for the free goods yeah put
a little food you can't go wrong with
paprika can I tell you if you make
chicken roasted chicken with lemon easy
lemon juice lemon zest and paprika mmm
and this is oregano oregano because I
had no idea what you were doing that's
oregano nice little Thank You kid
cuz you don't want to like knock your
guests out with onion powder and the
garlic
so you definitely want to measure this
line okay and for sure the Chile that
was onion powder and this is garlic
powder are like powder
Oh gay this is gonna make it smell so
good
chili powder chili powder chili powder
I'm just gonna massage that into my
chicken oh that's like a spa make sure
it all has lovely spices equally finito
that look pretty easy I'm gonna start
cooking the chicken while I chop my
onions and peppers do you need to use
this thing Egyptian lemon Giggy for you
not today
oh not today ones for chicken ones for
vegetables all right I'm assuming this
one's for chicken wrong okay I'm
assuming that one's for chicken yes okay
I'm gonna put some oil I like to use
canola for everything NOLA you can use
vegetable if you like you know why
because when it starts smelling good you
can say holy canola and it's gonna go to
medium you don't want to burn your
chicken you want it to cook properly
through you don't want any raw chicken
no Seminole no Salmonella
or ethnic amazing I like to cook my
chicken and my vegetables separately
because I want to make sure each item is
cooked properly and I'm yes oh there she
is the knife wielding maniac I call my
wife I mean knife wielding none you are
very quick again well I love to get
colorful peppers orange yellow red green
look at that
I rinsed them already okay so now you're
gonna cut out the stem in the middle and
the seeds make sure you clean it nicely
so you want to remove all of these white
parts from your pepper that's a nice
clean pepper right there all the peppers
are clean okay
and so I'm going to show you what size
approximately to cut your peppers okay
that's it okay not gigantic chunks not
so thin that it burns ah yes cuz if it's
too thin you're eating the products I
don't like burned peppers or onions it
still like my vegetables a little
crunchy peppers chopped it whoa done
you're a wizard this is a massive onion
it's a huge onion I know that's because
we love onion but the monkeys are not
crazy about onion even though you have
to have onion when you cook I'm not
gonna go crazy on the onions even though
I love a lot of onions okay and that's
what I've done so now you're gonna have
oh they're like strips strips that's a
big pile of goodness right there and now
it goes in
everything
oh and pepper set the knife fizzle
for my chicken see how much they cook
down yep they look at amazing values
that take this typical because I like to
slow cook my things they took about 10
minutes for the peppers and the Anglin
Wow well you're putting the chicken
radio mix right oh hey let's get that
chicken in there there is your chicken
fajitas look at that oh my goodness all
our different beautiful colors
from the peppers now is the fun part
because you're going to start chopping
everything you want to put on top of
your chicken and peppers so lettuce
avocados okay I like to cut these into
slices Tomatoes salsa salsa and we love
our sour cream we put sour cream on
everything there you go very thin slice
very thin we like to dice ours so we
like ours like this in squares you can
have it in slices if you like
all I'm gonna do with this with the
avocado oh it's a beautiful look at that
color there we go magic so I'm gonna
scoop this out scoop out your avocado
you're gonna slice slice white tortillas
no originals
I got whole-wheat because i'm mama
always has to have whole wheat and
sun-dried tomato heat them up in the
microwave or I like to put them in some
foil okay inside the oven and heat them
up 350 5 10 minutes just get them nice
and up and warm so this is now the
process of putting together the fajita
right we're gonna get some beautiful
onions peppers chicken and you don't
want to fill it too high because then
you're gonna get all your topping so you
can put dollops of sour cream or you can
spread it on salsa very nice put your
lettuce your tomatoes you got your
avocado and of course top it off with a
little bit off with your cheese oh that
is amazing
you can add jalapeno is you can add hot
sauce whatever you want look how amazing
that looks there it is Wow
mama B you have outdone yourself yet
again with the fajitas I hope you enjoy
and if you make it please tag me in your
pictures I love seeing your pictures
when you make the food that I prepare
from my kitchen to yours enjoy I hope
you love it let me know if you make it
Papa yes I'm it Oh monkeys I'm eating a
fajita you guys want to watch me eat a
fajita well we only got one right now so
I'm gonna eat it you guys can like watch
me eat it if you want where were you I
was cooking this by E - the whole time
you were in the backseat cooking you
don't get to eat this fajita I do
good look at this the monkey everyone
shows up when the food is ready
I was here from the beginning I'm an OG
fajita is a GERD very is very GERD would
you put in your fajita I hate him when
I'm at a restaurant and then the waiter
comes in like wait until I take a bite
out of my food and then he got 2 mini
starts asking questions so how's your
food this evening ma'am boy thanks for
watching guys if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up leave a
comment down below if you have any
suggestions for another mommy cooks I'm
gonna enjoy my fajita right now in a
minute that was mine thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radial voice but
