we are live this is the first time going
live on YouTube guys going Wow hi
Jennifer
America geeky Jennifer how you guys
doing how you doing hello we were
filming our Halloween video for tomorrow
and today we hit 2 million subscribers
so we are so happy that we had to go
live we had to go live and this is like
the first time were you actually using
YouTube live they have this awesome app
and we're here we want to see you guys
wow we already have 1.6 a thousand
family members already we had to
celebrate guys Norfolk notification
squad where you ask notification be
family squad were you at Wow you guys
you guys are awesome happy Halloween
guys Wow miss monkey is here mr. monkeys
here Atlas maybe we can bring it all
here I'll bring it down a bit
let's see mama beat can you guys
obviously guess odds do wow it looks
amazing
okay so we were making a video for
tomorrow and we were gonna do this whole
like show up and surprise everyone to
see what our costumes were gonna be but
we figured we're gonna go live we're
gonna do this we have 3.5 thousand
family members mr. monkeys Batman its
man tomorrow's Halloween for me wow it's
this amazing we love you guys so much
and I think it was perfect perfect to go
dab you want to do it about Batman dad
okay
I'm in debt
oh my goodness you guys are awesome oh
yeah Oh miss who monkey you're crazy
oops oh my goodness Wow look at all the
comments three point six thousand family
members on right now wow you guys are
awesome thank you thank you YouTube
thank you YouTube family you guys are
incredible
it's amazing well I see the lights going
up like crazy guys if you if you have if
you have hands and you're in your god
and you got them active hit that like
button please that would be awesome if
you guys liked this first ever live
perfect first ever live 2 million family
members wow who's in here we have
everyone we have Joseph we have a lien
Wow daddy Wow we have Alexander we have
some folks from Korea I've had some
Korean characters
my my spider-man mask oh I can't see
anything so you guys are gonna have to
like read the comments yep someone tells
us to God by the death yeah I can do it
like a spider oh I can't see yeah they
appear ooh
oh yeah Peru oh they went you would do
more dad more dabbing friends friend
boozing Snuggie we let you choose spider
dad the German muffin that's like a
funny term in muffin the German muffin
so words are our superhero costumes and
what what did you say that you can mix
oh yeah you can mix Marvel and DC
together yeah it's fine this is this is
121 clean with two worlds come together
Marvel the DC this what happens you have
Batman babies and Deadpool babies so
basically if Wonder Woman inspire men
hex daisies Ukraine this is what it
would look like me Batman and it would
be Deadpool a little okay someone told
me to wit do the Deadpool with oh you
want to see the mask
okay this money's gonna put it on right
now this is like exclusive because there
are some space I can't see
oh go go go oh goodness
and that's that must be so hard to even
see it cut a hole through the mouth
smiley face how many family members did
he have on right now I guess I can't see
with this mask when people say see mine
six wow that's amazing
don't get upset people is this it for 2
million subscribers 2 million family
members oh there is you kill to get
don't get upset I think all that damn
cool that's we're gonna call daddy's
little sis here where are you guys that
were you guys from what let's see some
countries because we have a lot of
family members from all over the world
thank you everyone think everybody's
just hit 2 million today you guys
celebrated today we were so happy we
were we just couldn't believe it
thank you so much we love you guys
Portugal Texas put me go back where our
mini you came in United States Japan
yeah United States film America Georgia
Fresno and I'm from Peru America through
we will have some copyright issues thank
you guys Madrid where oh hey Ohio
everyone okay can you guys do a
screenshot we used to do this spawn on
Facebook if we're gonna do Clark's we're
gonna do a couple of poses and if you
guys want to do a screenshot and war and
tweet us or post on
oh mama B is actually from a little why
I was born in Chile and yeah dis little
rocks
Shantanu you you have for the record
miss monkey has never seen Deadpool my
thought I actually saw it on the plane
and mr. monkey was beside me yes like a
magazine covering it so awesome so let's
take a screen shot okay let's do a
screen shot let's do this for you guys
so you guys can screenshot this and if
you guys want to post on Instagram on
Twitter and repost it we're gonna like
it we're gonna share it so we're gonna
take a close here yes
hey let's do a couple of tag okay here's
the first pose you ever put on your mask
- so yeah I don't think we would ever do
this unless like we want it live and
this video is for tomorrow so tomorrow
this video is gonna post so let's
pretend you didn't even see the live
broadcast this will be a big surprise
for you guys
we won't because you guys are family and
we love you guys so much so we're gonna
do this alright let's do it okay so
we're gonna do a little screen shot
alright screen shot actually let's just
fix my hair for the camera you know even
though we've always got away from this
monkey let's do this
we should make those like YouTube videos
with the spider-man costume okay here's
the first pose okay and the hero pose
screenshot this and I'm gonna do hearts
because we love you guys and I hope you
guys can still see that I can't see
anything in his mask so I'm really
hoping my family is guiding us on this
free
you guys so much we love you this is
where this is where we live
yeah this is where we live this is our
main focus is YouTube we will be posting
here at least four times a week yeah
five four to five times a week well
either be doing vlogs or challenge
videos or squishies or making those
mommy cooks there's a whole bunch of mr.
monkey wants to do some gaming so we're
gonna do more gaming so we're gonna hook
okay so coming up soon Korean effects
and mr. monk you're gonna do it do it
they're gonna sing an awesome song
someone's profile picture was Deadpool
whoa mr. monk he's gonna be singing also
maybe mom up he's gonna be singing - I
think I want mommy to sing in the Wonder
Woman costume big problem with a clip
school murderer on my mind it's time to
pray to God my love is not religious the
revolutions bookmarks you wanna don't
even go and tell them Sarge you want
okay shut up - Felix
see a little girl dressed up in a
Deadpool costume rapping like Rick Ross
here Oh Amy's family channel we love you
guys so much
just know that you don't have to do this
alone
promise I'll never let you down
something that is going to be a duet
with Korean FX and you guys know create
attacks all the world's famous beatboxer
so he's gonna be beatboxing - that song
while mr. monkey sings with these you
bees and hearts guys bees in hearts my
waist limits with bees let the comments
with Abby's right now so right now this
bracelet you're typing and just flood
with these food like right now people
right now look crazy you crazy
and if they do then like a shadow if you
do a B I'm gonna give you shadows
look up big promises you're gonna be
reading really fast yeah these get
flooded but people are just wait wait
what else Oh Ellis Elise thank you guys
thank you guys so much so much we love
you we hope you guys were an amazing
Halloween as you can tell Halloween is a
big deal for us here let's move over so
 you yeah I can't see where I am
there Halloween is a big deal for our
family we love it we love dressing up
we love shelling on candy yes candy not
sugar-free candy but real yeah real
chocolate too
kids of all ages and there's no age
limit for Halloween so if you're a
teenager go trick-or-treating yes yes
just just just make sure to wear a
costume because some people don't like
it when you're knock on their door yeah
candy can I have candy like just show
like oh that's so sweet
even if you don't have a costume go
trick-or-treating the young at heart
yeah enjoy life yeah have fun and be
safe be safe Pappa bee sing be safe me
sing yeah I'll sing right now spider-man
Sam you're climbing the wall don't burn
yourself
don't burn my clothes I don't think I
can sing guys climb this wall no I can't
I can't sing actually I can run both of
these bees the bees the bees if you're
linked only if you're at home then if
you're like lying on your bed or if
you're at the kitchen do this right now
and tell me about comments if you're
doing it right we've got ready three two
one let's smell together if you went to
the bees
oh yeah you doing it right you're doing
it right hurry awesome thank you
everyone we love you guys so much we
love you too millio family members this
is insane
we celebrate with you thank you for
celebrating oh you guys are awesome oh
wow thank you thank you so much guys we
love you so much
we love you guys thank you wherever you
are in the world a lot can you have a
great weekend and tag us take us on all
your treatment and dressing up for
Halloween in your costumes we want to
see them have fun everyone we love you
guys so much I tried take I'm gonna take
this mask off cause I don't even know
how to like turn off the broadcaster
though it's just like the first time is
there like a button that says
alright guys we love you so much old dad
will clear out and Deadpool yeah yeah
that's awesome but I see you can I see I
see me now see you Wow
she remember she she Wow awesome we'll
see you soon city see you soon we'll
post the video tomorrow on YouTube doing
this hole a little funny Halloween thing
and this week does give me some cool
stuff happening yeah
