mama B makes what are you making funnel
cake funnel cakes and she's not only
gonna make funnel cakes she's gonna make
the world's largest funnel cake
are you ready I like your new gear thank
you
you have some beautiful my mama ghee
mama B McGee my mama B game has been
elevated thanks to a very good friend of
mine Thank You Unni this is my new gear
what and it's the new kitchen at the new
house and it's our first video here so
I'm really really excited and it's one
of our favorite desserts of all time
is this a world-famous dessert I don't
know can you can you guys from around
the world let us know if you eat funnel
cakes because in North America we love
them we pay easily $15 for one when we
go to a carnival we pay a lot of money
for them at the carnival so I'm
wondering is it just like a North
American thing or is it around the world
let us know in the comments funnel cakes
and you call them funnel cakes in your
country will you let us know in the
comments hashtag funnel cakes or hashtag
something cakes cake is mana B what are
the ingredients in making the world's
famous mama B funnel cake okay ready I
have two cups of milk okay one egg two
cups of flour hmm one teaspoon of baking
powder one teaspoon of salt one teaspoon
of sugar and of course icing sugar to
decorate out oh yeah
and I don't know if the kids are gonna
let me put raspberries blackberries and
blueberries come trying to get anything
a little bit healthier but there's gonna
be a little bit of pushback but you know
what yes
vanilla ice cream vanilla ice cream to
top it all all that out after but you
have something else that we might want
to add on to it because a real funnel
cake is not a funnel cake without right
berry sauce yeah you got this kind it's
a wild berry sauce we're gonna drizzle
that on top as well
mm-hmm it's like a pie it's almost like
a pie filling right so you can get like
cherry pie filling strawberry filling
rhubarb whatever we got wild berry
because you don't want to get rhubarb
for it no no now I guess you don't want
rhubarb uh funnel cakes yeah I would
have helped you make these funnel cakes
but someone has to hold the camera and
the monkeys can't hold this camera it's
just way too heavy you got yourself a
new toy yes Oh shout-out to KitchenAid
for sending this to mama B okay
in a previous video she talked about how
she didn't have fancy appliances well
now she does miss her BAE right there
now she does Thank You KitchenAid Oh
were you saying hey I'm getting jealous
now I'm getting very jealous isn't she
pretty
she's very pretty baby oh wow
Lamborghini Tesla Ferrari Jaguar anybody
watching I always wanted a fancy it's
like what's first first is the milk
we're gonna put in the milk the eggs and
the vanilla all right you don't have to
put the vanilla I put vanilla in almost
everything because I love it so much one
teaspoon okay
mm-hm it already smells nice Molly and
then the dry ingredients are going to be
we're doing two cups of flour okay there
she goes
measuring one there we go the salt one
teaspoon 1 teaspoon of baking powder
every time you hold a knife can make me
nervous
aah why are you so fast with a knife huh
that was pretty quickly you did there
you just kind of lifted the stuff loaded
with nice yeah I don't know where you
got that experience from so I just one
teaspoon I'm gonna go I'm gonna do one
teaspoon of sugar if you're eating this
you want it to be sweet oh yeah
it's a funnel cakes gotta be right yeah
okay one teaspoon of sugar stir stir
stir stir stir
okay so you're not like dropping all the
dry ingredients at once no that's what I
would do how you wouldn't
this is so beautiful this is very
beautiful funnel it's fun I love you yes
that's so much easier than just stirring
it
this is funnel fun funnel funnel
fantastic funnel the title world's
world's biggest funnel cake sure I think
the term funnel vision is already taken
so we can't use that
thank you mama my only good dimples when
she's making funnel cake no other time
no other time you'll never see her with
dimples unless she's making funnel cakes
this oh my god get that beautiful better
mama be are you ready to make a massive
funnel cake yeah what's the situation
here got ourselves a pen do I need to
turn on the soap I don't how do you
twist it well that's how you do it
whenever I'm watching cookie shows in
here okay it's off so we are gonna turn
this baby on okay oil in okay what kind
of oil is it so you can use vegetable
oil I use corn oil for everything
because I fool myself into thinking that
it's healthier but didn't you use
avocado oil in one in one time I did I
wouldn't use that for this no well no
all right we got some corn oil heating
up - mmm kind of medium kind of medium
yeah you obviously don't want it too
high cuz you want it to burn but you
can't make it too low so you kind of
want the oil to be hot enough that when
you put start putting the battery you'll
start seeing the bubbles oh yeah yeah I
heard someone was making dessert so I
kind of had to come back next step okay
you're pouring the batter into a bag
okay I just have a disposable plastic
bag here okay are you as excited as I am
I'm excited for any dessert
so imagine a giant dessert and imagine
how my brain is feeling right now it's
like oh my gosh thank you sous chef chef
ready this is serious business we're
talking here so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take one of these ends okay
to cut it because this is where the
batter is going to come out of okay not
too big not to smell too big not too
small right your measurements
that's my measurement nice nails by the
way Mario thank you they met your
buttons for Halloween oh honey ah meals
yeah this is hot I can feel it
okay you can even get a tiny speck of
batter if you wanted to just to see
what's happening you see that oh we have
okay well we have sizzle we're gonna
start okay ready yeah oh my goodness
mama Dee is making a giant funnel cake
right now as we speak I never thought
this day would come that we would have
funnel cakes in our house swirl it swirl
it just roll that funnel cake mommy
swirlix a bee swirly oh it smells so
good
that is a massive funnel cake I have
funnel cake on the lens
that's hilarious this funnel cake the
size of this funnel cake would probably
cost how much mama be at the carnival
like $25 jeez at least $2,500 no I did
carnival that's crazy and we're doing it
for how much 35 cents boy but oh my word
so we are gonna leave this in here for a
tiny bit more we want it a little bit
crispy look at this smile mr. monkey's
face look at this smile you get dimples
too when you but we make you have a deep
fryer it's much easier yeah come see the
world's biggest funnel cake you don't
think it's the world's biggest funnel
research stuff on YouTube this is like
there's like way bigger ones
what yeah well no one's oil is this
clean yeah we're not explain it with
that textured oh that texture I bet you
want to check out if it has slow rising
or not you bet I do
emoji pants on fire oh wait let me find
the fire emoji you have a fire emoji I
don't see it is it poop one there's a
pool boy there's a fire mode you right
beside the poop emoji there it is guys
we found the fire ho Chi
you just flipped it very delicately so
that's just gonna be maybe another
couple minutes or so look at the golden
brown does that remind you of
Squishy's what is that golden brown it
reminds me with caramel ain't very
excited can I eat this
we're gonna eat it no we're just gonna
record it and then I put a throw in the
garbage and you're not going to eat any
of it and then and then you're gonna
take it to school really to get to your
friends
hey world's biggest funnel cake here and
now I think that does a baby funnel cake
yes oh oh
liberty snap look at Tommy tell me that
is not a massive funnel cake oh that's
gonna drain now we got mr. monkey here
opening up the can ms monkeys our
resident strawberry cutter this is what
it's all about your actor magician can
opener I went to baking school and
wanted to cut strawberries what school
was it there are berry cutting schools
in what country in Barcelona Barcelona
okay we don't even have a plate that
fits the funnel cake properly because
it's so big this is just too uh a little
bit of fruitiness texture flavor net
we're gonna put those around monkey
you're supposed to be decorating the
funnel cake not eating all the
strawberries strawberries ah ah french
vanilla french french vanilla scoops ice
cream oh yeah a little bit or a lot oh
come on man come on love it don't want
to put one more layer one more good idea
oh yeah monkeys aren't crazy
oh the funnel cake did the funnel cake
dance funnel cake dance phone okay dick
oh my
what the last part is icing sugar icing
sugar oh yeah that is like magic fairy
dust I bet your mama's are watering
everybody's mouths are watering right
now no no you gotta get a why well that
is a beautiful beautiful funnel cake
mama B I think that's an Instagram this
is the part that I love mama B thank you
so much for making this funnel cake you
love them
thank you guys for watching if you want
to see anything else from Mama B cooks
please let us know because I would love
to see your make more crazy things and
if you like this video and you like the
way this funnel cake was made please
give it a like and if you guys make this
funnel cake tag us in your photos on
Instagram Facebook Twitter wherever tag
us let us know we would love to see it
this is the nicest tastiest funnel cake
I've ever had in my life mommy from my
kitchen to yours thank you for watching
we love you thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
