oh my gosh today I'm gonna put my head
in this jar ms monkey do you think is
possible I saw on the internet that you
can actually put your head inside a jar
by taking a picture of yourself pressed
up against the glass and you stick a
picture of yourself inside and that's
what I'm gonna do today I'm gonna
attempt it taking a nap how are you
doing mama be with your with your fuzzy
head I don't feel like waking you up
from your nap so I can put my head
inside this jar kingi priorities man can
you help me take a photo of my face so I
could stick it in his jar of course I
can
yay marriage is taking pictures of your
spouses in jars she's gonna help me put
my head in a jar huh that's a good wife
it's weird I know I'm gonna press my
face against the glass and I'm gonna
take a picture of that and then I'm
gonna print it out and I'm gonna stick
in this jar with water and it's gonna
look like my head is in the in the jar
okay first I have to take a picture of
my face from the front and from the side
behind a glass okay looks like my face
is like this so this is what I have mama
B you're the best photographer in the
business thank you so I'm now gonna
print this out and we're gonna see how
this magic works you excited I'm so
excited I'm so excited I can't even
handle it I'm so excite a contacts off
because it's drying out my eyes it so
excited she is I have to clean that the
glass is full of grease now don't worry
buddy I can do it is that it gonna look
like is that you're gonna work okay as
you can see I don't photo
I don't really Photoshop a lot so I'm
supposed to like put these pictures
together and then make one picture like
print it out and see what it looks like
how does that look it looks pretty
terrible you know what let's try it
okay you know what that's not oh dear
that's pretty that's my Photoshop job
the print came out okay though yeah okay
I have my head what do you think wait is
it supposed to look like that I don't
know that's my Photoshop job I think
that one sits in the jar it should look
okay
what'd it look like and then the face
and then like the other side you look
that looks like three different people
what do you mean that looks like three
different people the internet told me
that's the way to do it I don't know you
guys want to try it so I have the
printout here okay okay so I have
successfully protected and now I've
filled the jar with water
oh man I'm using myself you should do I
should put some hair this even work oh
oh man oh my gosh what did you put in
there
look oh is that the camera thing yeah
it's like a windsock where they call
those dead cats what do you think oh
gosh that is scary I cannot believe I
gosh how did you think to do the hair oh
because I don't know I saw on the
internet someone used hair and then I
didn't have much hair so I use this
dislike oh my gosh hair on your head
that is amazing that even mean yeah is
it amazing is she being sarcastic or she
being real mom I'm being real it looks
thank you yeah I'm being real also thank
you guys it's funny because your nose is
like pressed is it pressed up against
the window the glass that's awesome for
Halloween did you just put that outside
instead of a pumpkin just leave it
outside kids waiting come though so that
is all was it a success yes yeah thank
you thank you
thank you so much oh my goodness all
right high fives high fives car you
coming dad's here you coming - here
Justin Bieber like Justin Bieber mmm
it's so creepy
well I hope you guys enjoyed that that
was sheer luck because I had no idea
what I was doing with Photoshop and I
didn't know how this was gonna turned
out but I think it turned out okay miss
monkey can't stop playing with my hair
what do you guys think did it work out
let us know in the comments if if you
guys have any suggestions for any more
creepy Halloween tight scary things and
uh what else is it creepy create good
night and sweet dreams
there y'all thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
