you're ready mama B oh my goodness
alright let's get started okay we'll be
wearing socks like this for the next six
months because my feet do not like the
cold ha ha ha they're beautiful I'm
freezing I'm not gonna I'm gonna say
anything for your socks they're not look
so what was my face how's my makeup
your face looks amazing it's gonna get
is that on someone commented on the fact
that my neck doesn't match my face I
speak four languages are you kidding me
who cares about my face in my head for
94 languages do you know how hard it is
to go from hola buenos dias muy bien
gracias
Oh Kissimmee Pecha berry I'll grant you
Maria t-bone Leo Burnett
Eddie vanilla region seppuku success it
right Oh merci beaucoup Oh Simone my
face should be n10 mom beaucoup oh hi
how are you I thought it was arrivederci
are you criticizing me too oh no whoa
listen it takes me three minutes to do
my makeup I don't have the patience to
do anything else mama B you're beautiful
my neck doesn't match my face
guess what who said your neck doesn't
match your face I don't care no no no no
no me piace
no no that's I don't like okay I don't
speak your time I know how to sing like
bad words about love just a bit
no I stop it that's my English today we
talked about why are we here why are we
here why are we here together any of us
here why are we all here why are we
married that's the case why are we
married and more importantly how did we
meet so today oh my gosh we match again
huh what the heck man can we like not
dress oh my gosh how did we meet mama B
we met at a club it's a no-name we met
at a nightclub in a salsa club I was
with my friends
mama B was with her
friends and I decided to now skirted the
wrong wrong Gesine imbecilic Toria and
you're already wrong I was not with
friends I was with coworkers okay she
was at a work function she was out of
salsa club on a Wednesday night it was a
Thursday was it Thursday why do people
get married we're gonna get home so it
was a Thursdays with work people work
people and I was already must to go to
sleep early okay there's a beauty tip
get lots of sleep so I wanted to be
better in in bed early and I said just
come for the dinner part then there's
dancing but you don't have to stay I'm
like okay yes so the dancing started
mm-hm and I was dancing with my coworker
female dumb it did not on that goal but
what what's that what what does that was
only your cup what the men men men so
you're you're what up to here with math
up to here with my experiences you were
just about to meet a Rico suave I was
like Tony Montana rolling over we're not
I was totally like Tony Montana and
Scarface I walked up I walked up with
confidence
what's your look what what's your name
as my robot hands on Wow
I talk like a bird it was just like that
it was just like that blackmailed you he
blackmailed me to actually get up and
talk because she was dancing with a girl
and I think that's a no-no you can't ask
a woman to I didn't want to do it cuz it
was like a sign that she didn't want to
dance with anybody she grabbed her
friend and she was dancing with her so I
kind of thought that she didn't want to
so I finally gained the courage and I
walked up to mama B and I asked her to
dance and she said yes surprisingly well
you didn't look like a psychopath but
thank you
I I give off a good first impression not
looking like a psychopath I gained the
courage so that's a good tip when you
find that person or when you want to
talk to that person stick your neck out
take that risk step in heck how many
time people to like get hit by a car
what are you saying
stick your neck out balance on the
letter and like risk you're like no take
a risk and don't be afraid because if
she says no what's the worst that can
happen you turn around you walk away
wait I took that risk and I asked her
dance and the rest is history tomorrow's
a mystery yesterday was something
something and you just something right
away he was criticizing my dance man
okay I was not criticizing your dance
moves he said then my arms will too much
at the time we were dancing salsa and I
finally learned some basic now I know
why you're single Betty
I got her digits no you didn't again oh
my gosh were we at the same place that
night he did not get my digits he asked
for my telephone number I said no I'm a
lady I don't give my number out but I
would be pleased to take your number
oh that's what you said no I was like yo
yo brah where write down your number if
I call you I call you if I go and I
don't me she called me the next day and
that I know for a fact she called me the
next day it was 11:30 no ins alone and
talk it was 11:00 yeah is 11:00
close enough so when you get someone's
numbers it's like there's a dumb rule
that you don't call the next day because
then you look too desperate and blah
blah blah
and then you wait you know what if you
want to call the person you call them
right away whether it's an hour later or
the day later and nominator okay then
you desperate my friend if you get the
number and you get the phone call and
you're still in the night club dancing
units time right give it some time give
it till the next day with the sunrise
and early end up going to bed at like
1:00 in the morning
dreaming about me to tomorrow be then
here in my room dreaming of you
peacefully and then she called me oh and
then she called me first
I broke up with the person I was seeing
yes so that was great she had the common
courtesy to break up with the person she
didn't like and then she caught me so
that was great so I was happy about that
let's fast forward a little bit we spent
a lot of time together we had a lot of
fun a lot of people didn't think that it
was gonna last because we met in a club
but we proved them wrong one of the best
qualities about mama B and the one of
the reasons why I wanted to marry her
was she was straight up she was straight
up right from the beginning she knew
what she wanted a lot of trouble yeah
but you know what though and I'm one of
the most misunderstood people on this
planet misunderstood yeah people who
don't matter misunderstand you
but I understand you thank you and I
love you she's very soft like to split
that size of affection okay so we titled
this video don't get married don't get
anything don't get married don't get
married unless unless you know that it's
the right person that there are a lot of
features that you feel would be great
for you guys to get married not just
physical features not physical it's got
to be mental features you gotta go you
got to go through a few things but for
the skin less you wanna be you got to go
through a few things before you decide
to get married I know a lot of people
don't like to live together in and out
loud there's a lot of cultures that
don't really allow that but what really
helped us and we're not professionals
again disclaimer we're not professionals
we're just going on experience we lived
together for three months three months
we got to know each other we got to know
our habits we had like the tough
discussions the fights there was a lot
of growing up to do a lot of growing up
mostly on your part and you know what I
agree there was a lot of growing up to
do on my part and I think that that's
really important in a relationship
if you understand what it was you need
to work on and you agree that's fine and
I completely understand what I needed to
work on so it's okay to sit back and say
you know what yeah there are a lot of
things that I needed and it was more on
my part that's okay and I think that's
what helps to stay married and to get
married is to really understand what
your strengths and what your weaknesses
are so we spent a lot of time together
understanding those strengths and
weaknesses but if you find yourself like
getting frustrated and you guys can't
communicate you have to be able to talk
you have to talk and it's only physical
the wedding is gonna ruin you before you
get married like these are all signals
that you just you probably should just
chill out and spend a little bit more
time together understanding we're at a
stage now where we see a lot of
marriages dissolving just families
breaking apart
and mixes odd because I feel like it's
the kids who pay the ultimate price I
think that a lot of times if people just
talked more and spent more time together
and really just let down those barriers
around them those protective shields
let them come crashing down yeah talk to
each other
be open be honest don't judge the other
person and I know it's a really hard
thing to say because I think it's in our
human nature to judge especially things
we don't understand I think that when we
started to do that and that didn't come
quickly that took us a long time it's a
time yeah we learned so much how to to
fix things you know how to make sure
that things didn't go really off the
track yeah make sure that you're
constantly checking up on your
relationship it's just a constant test
constant check up don't get married
unless you've had time to really
understand the other person for their
positive side and their flaws and to
really sit there and say you know what I
love you for who you are for your flaws
and for your great features and if you
have any doubts in your head going
through with the wedding and you're like
oh I've come this far yeah I can't let
the people down around me but I really
don't want to do this but I'm just gonna
go with it and hope for the best don't
do it yeah don't do it wait don't make
other people happy if you don't know if
you're happy actually that was a
conversation I had with uh with our son
we got in the conversation of boyfriends
and girlfriends and so I was telling my
son that what I really want to instill
in both of them is that I want them to
know who they are I want them to grow up
and know exactly who they are be
confident with themselves be able to
spend time with themselves love
themselves and then find someone who
complements them who hits all the areas
that they're looking for someone I can
have a conversation with right someone
who I can sit and be at peace with who
doesn't bring
any problems or drama who doesn't cause
me pain someone who can teach you some
yeah a teacher I love you but because I
I can listen to him because he teaches
me things about the world about things
that don't typically interest me like
technology he teaches me and takes care
of me and then he listens to what
excites me about food and he watches
cooking shows with me even though I know
it's not his thing but he does it just
to spend time with me I feel like I can
talk for everyone yeah these are all
really good points so we're going to
continue this guy's we hope that you
took some more information from what
we've shared from our experiences we
love you guys and let us know in the
comments if there's anything else that
you guys want to know we love doing this
we're gonna try to do this once a week
this is something that you guys find
important we'll keep doing it because we
want to share what we've learned and we
want to help you read the comments yes
you do like reading your comments your
life experiences thank you for feeling
so comfortable to open up and share your
life so many amazing stories with
moments that makes us feel good that we
are encouraging you to open up and talk
about it again talking talking talking I
think brings all of that out and helps
us all we just want to share our
experiences our knowledge what we've
gone through the trials and tribulations
hate the Barrows that we've overcome it
hasn't been easy
no but it has been worth it it has been
worth it mama being so it has been worth
it we love you guys thank you you want
to the elevator down we have an elevator
come here eggs hmm okay but let's let's
do it downstairs we have an elevator did
you ring too fast
what no I'm going you're going too slow
um right here nobody second back
remembers your race back huh check
deels guys we have other videos I got I
don't even know we have on one side we
had to subscribe and on the other side
we have another video cast of us wait
the music isn't playing since I started
talking
