really
okay perfect we actually got a lot of
positive comments after our last video
where we talked about our marriage yes
marriage merge met yes mariachi see it
in Spanish
guess I'm you got some mental a lot of a
lot of folks shoulders are like your
masses sorry we had a lot of positive
comments from you guys asking us to make
another video about relationships about
our lives how we started a whole bunch
of different stuff so today we are gonna
talk about how we were almost broke
mm-hmm yeah we were very we were very
broke we were at zero with two small
children we made him some mistakes along
the way
we uh took a toll on a credit and kind
of maxed it out yeah so a line of credit
if you don't if you don't know it is
dead you're basically asking the bank to
give you money and then you have to pay
them back and we asked the bank for way
too much money when we first started off
and that didn't help that didn't help
after the payment started coming in we
had lots of credit card debt we just
bought things that we shouldn't have
bought and we we learned pretty early on
that that wasn't a good idea I learned
early on that when you get married it's
better that you put your money together
then to keep it separate because you
will grow you will grow faster you will
grow stronger because of that and I know
a lot of guys and a lot of women will
disagree with this concept of putting
your money together when you get married
I had this concept of like that's my
money though right mommy
like but that's my money even though
even though she had way more money
than me way more money than him for all
those comments saying oh he must be rich
he had zero
I had zero my money got together I had a
car that was way too expensive and fancy
he about
a nice fancy car yes but in my car paper
Daniel Deronda came here I had no money
I had a fancy car no money my payments
were super-high because I had no money
for a down payment and because I was
young and I had a stupid car that was
way too fast the insurance was really
high so I was paying a lot of money that
I didn't really have so yes mama B had
married a guy that was broke so I on the
other hand had my own condo I was saving
up for my own real estate property I had
paid off my car I was on the right track
and all thanks to my parents thank you
for your guidance and teaching shoutout
to the abuelo shut up to the Willows
thank you thank you
it wasn't like a bailout or anything
they always instilled that you know you
need to save money you need to save
money and so where were we going with
this you had no money I was broke yeah
where were we I was broke and so I
showed Papa how to pay off his debt and
so I showed him what to do how to do it
and yeah he needed to basically bring in
more money than he was making in order
to be able to pay that off when you're
young and you are just starting out as
either a married couple or you're
engaged getting ready to marry be
careful with the amount of things that
you buy be careful with the spending
don't try to keep up with the other
neighbors or your other friends that
somehow they have some fancy stuff or
they have a house you don't know what
situation there and you don't know where
they got their help from try not to
compete with them humble yourself and go
to the dollar store go to the discount
department store you know go to the
discount grocery store really really
pinch your pennies and don't overspend
in the beginning because you need that
money to save for your down payment for
a house so just be careful with your
spending
and try to pay off your debts as much as
possible before we're not going to incur
more debt right so what did we do
growing up after of course I learned how
to pay off my debts
thanks to mama B what did we do we sweet
it wasn't spend so we spent a lot of
weekends at home where we didn't do
anything we would go to the park yeah we
didn't go on lavish trips yeah we went
to the park we have a new home now thank
you for everyone who sent us so many
lovely messages congratulating us on the
new home we really appreciate all your
love from around the world thank you so
much yeah it this has been years of not
having not having not having not having
and all we did was work work and save
work and save it's gonna say yeah it's
been working say 14 years of working and
saving and working and saving we spent
up a lot of time in a basement in a
dingy basement apartment with one window
while that we were in transitional area
covered with snow and our landlord would
have to dig us out cuz we were like it
was literally like so low into the
ground and we only had that one window
so we had no sunlight my face had broken
out I don't know if it was from now
probably for the mold in the basement or
the moisture something it was sure was
bad it was hard yeah really really hard
with two solenoids that was a tiny place
because we had to save money at the time
for our house I bought this minivan to
save money used at the time and it was
so cold that the door handles kept
breaking off every time it would get
cold
another door handle would break off and
that was that was horrible because I
couldn't go to the dealership to get the
door handle because at the time I
couldn't afford it so I would go on like
eBay or something and try to find some
like knockoff door handle and then I
tried to figure out myself I'm not very
handy so I just tried to do all these
things because we had to save money way
to be really careful what did we eat
when we were just starting off when we
didn't have any money we didn't go out
to eat no
at home and you have to talk louder cuz
there's no way I just want to make sure
because I always turn up your oh my
voice is very so it's very soft that's
how I talk you have to be more boomer
and talk differently this is how I talk
you have to be boom here boom boom you
want some boom boom boom okay we wanted
to go out and eat we wanted to like how
do you think and learn how to cook man
from cooking so much at home it's
amazing how much money you say when you
buy pasta or when you buy when you make
like a big pot of tomato sauce when what
would she do when she makes the tomato
sauce I got stood like this a pot of
stew like this for under $10 right yeah
leftovers for days we would be eating
the same food two three days in a row so
that way I can say you're making a pot
lovely yeah you make a pot like that on
Sunday by Thursday meal is like I don't
know 25 cents 45 yeah 45 cents so we
saved my we shaved like we saved money
that way we were really really careful
for a good 14 years really saving really
paying off our debts not overspending
not spending so much money going out to
eat we had to limit our trips to all 0
we didn't really go out on trip we went
on our honeymoon 14 years later because
we didn't have we didn't have any money
to spend
oh I sold my fancy car and with that
money I bought my used minivan and it
got us by we survived without handles
for like two weeks
it was like mmm
ever you are my sports go my friend
minivan rise awesome why are we talking
about this so we're talking about this
because we get a lot of comments from
people saying thank you for everything
that you guys say because my parents
didn't really teach me too much and so I
look up to you guys to kind of teach me
stuff about life and I think for us and
our generation we had great shows on
television there were a lot of family
shows with a great family dynamic nothin
less'n yeah lots of lessons we would
learn and we would get inspired and I
don't see that there's a lot of family
shows anymore so we hope that with our I
guess family show that we have on the
internet we can inspire young couples
young families older families single
people single area children
single people kids kids if you got your
first job saving that money so it really
helps everybody and we want to try as
much as possible we're not we're not
financial advisors we're not
professionals we're just trying to share
what we've learned and the hard way the
hard way so momma B if there are two
things that you could take away from
this video what would it be work hard
know the difference between wants and
needs especially when you're just
starting out the difference between
wants and needs I'm just starting off
and I see something I really really
really really want do I want it or do I
need it in the beginning that's really
important yeah and then in time you'll
have the nice things because you will
have worked for them saved and earned it
well yeah and you would have had the
experience and even during that time
when we did not have a lot it was living
literally paycheck to paycheck we still
had our philosophy of helping people
around us we've always done that since
we got married we try to share with the
world Oh
handed and even during that time when we
really messed up with our finances we
were like zero month to month and we
still had I remember I had a car that we
were trying to sell and we wanted
roughly maybe I don't know three to five
thousand dollars for it because that
would have made other way different for
us right but we were living in a home
the house next to us there was a woman
who had a son who had gotten into some
tough times he had become an addict he
was trying to clean up his life he just
got out of jail just got out of jail he
was trying to clean up his life and get
back on his feet and the mom came to me
and said how much for your car and so
yeah we gave him the car so even with
the situation we were in we said here's
the car it's yours taken so yeah I
remember that
that was like and I remember we were so
happy that we did that yeah we were so
happy that we were like no you need it
more than we do you know I hope you got
you get back on your feet I hope you
rise I hope you flourish we wanted so
much to help that person yeah you know
in their life and it didn't matter
anymore what we were going through yeah
and so what mattered was we were helping
someone and and like that were a lot of
situations in our life where where we
we've helped as much as we could no
matter what position we were in what
situation we were going through so yeah
that was uh that's that's what we did so
I think that sauce I hope you could know
it's sorry I called Bobby no mama B no
I'm sorry what was my heart is very open
that's why it's very open and that's
what I love you
well I love you for many reasons mama B
I learned early on what my wants and
needs are you learned a lot of things
early on my friend I was a wet chicken I
was a little wet chicken
I was a witch okay even your grandfather
said my grandfather rest his soul said
to mama B what did what did he say the
way to him sta la mujer para el he said
to mama B you're too much woman for him
and we'll leave it at that I hope that
we were able to share something
meaningful for you guys I hope you guys
learn something from our experiences and
yeah and if you want to see more videos
like this let us know down in the
comments if there's anything specific
that you guys want us to talk about we
love hearing your comments we love
hearing from you if you like this video
please hit the like button and share it
with other people that might want to
benefit in this video help yeah actually
one of our friends told us that the last
marriage video should forward it to all
her girlfriends and they made their
husbands sit down with them like that's
a main song that's also so awesome we
love you guys and we'll see you again
soon
we need our music again you want to
dance yes alright let's go
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
