oh okay are you guys ready for the
ridiculous mouthpiece game Yas Hasbro
sent us a box called speak out and it's
the ridiculous mouthpiece challenge
games well thank you Hasbro it's time
and basically all I have to do is put
this ridiculous mouthpiece in my mouth
and then say different phrases and the
monkeys are gonna have to decide or
figure out what it is that I'm gonna say
don't spit on me so it's time for the
horse teeth to be activated you have to
beat your sister in this game how do you
do this look at the people in the
picture alright it's supposed to be dead
I got it oh yeah okay okay okay ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha oh hey uh he has had is he a
he of heads mm-hmm
our heroes head is here head of head
long hmm does he have heads does he have
hair who are little Cubs and he has head
man ok
haha birds poop on people's head haha
nah her heart unhonest property never
start on people's property
No Harvick Hardy never farted on
Hartington property no heart our harlot
Holly birthday yeah it's my birthday
bash what what is my birthday bash what
what what did I birthday bash tiger
person are you okay my god it's my
birthday to her heart
hi honey or a hug hi honey okay I need
to take a little break so hilarious okay
one yeah okay I realize yeah I like the
guy solitary hunter where are the barley
chair beware beware we're happy we're
the Marley chair naughty chair or the
volley chair beware of the Harley chair
no cooking our clothes beware of sing
yeah are the raw nature Riley the Holi
Diwali tears
Oh
ha ha
okay no no okay
okay Oh Thunder hmm
hotter paper oh you're awake super uncle
he's a party for your inner part super
you're a party pooper lad I'm happy here
you're in haha are I'm not happy I am
I'm a crazy person I'm doing heavy
makeup 9:30 congratulate over here no no
then Holly nigga not in partystargaming
video rat in party this is so weird do
it again do what do it like a magpie
Cooper close so no bad mean having a
party you got it you got it
okay is it hard you're gonna hurry
okay yonder we gotta do this one for all
the marbles chicas we're tired
hey beautiful we're gonna continue this
look Harvey okay I got to do a little
doing our car look huh oh you guys
understand anything other things I think
okay I want to consider that that's a
time okay cuz horse eat here desired
that is it's hard I gotta do it again
another time there's nothing here sake I
hope you guys enjoyed our track I hope
you guys here uh-huh
what do you mean to say is we are we
holy hole guys have an amazing day
please like and subscribe and leave a
comment down below on which game we
should do next and have an amazing day
and miss monkey GG miss monkey dude you
got a gum you're also drunk a better
point I want all the guards Moonrock
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you have not already subscribed
yet please click on the eyes off okay
you can cause rockin car I really cannot
stop ready
Oh
