are you guys practicing for the battle
they don't know what they're doing right
I think we're gonna destroy them in this
battle we don't have to practice we have
our moves right natural we have
old-school moves we know what we're
doing it's in the sign get it in the
sangre look at these guys all decked out
in their bill boxer here oh yeah okay
good luck good luck with that oh whoa
whoa
monkeys are you ready for the dance
battle we're in it to win it
oh okay so this is the dance battle
family dance battle parents versus kids
they're learning the moves we don't need
any of that practice look at this new
what do you new in dancing before we
start we just want to thank our sponsor
joel boxer who said you guys are doing a
dance battle we would love to sponsor
you we would love to send you a box of
clothing we're like okay Joe Boxer
hooked up yo the monkeys are decked out
and kids apparel from joel boxer so
thank you so much Joe Boxer you can get
all this clothes at Kmart check out
kmart.com slash Joe Boxer the coolest
starts at $4.95 $4.95 that's where the
clothes start and they're also doing a
sweepstakes so you can show your Joe to
win a family holiday getaway so you have
to go to Instagram follow Joe Boxer
licky and submit your selfie and tag
show your Joe and you might get a chance
to win yeah we should spell Joe Boxer
lucky Joe Boxer lucky Joe Joe Boxer
licky right there so follow them on
Instagram tell him a be family sent you
why don't you flood the comments win
bees and hearts and say the a/v family
sent you and check out Joe Boxer calm
because our families
we're on it we're like the Joe Boxer
family to be actually go to Joe Boxer
calm we're there we're there
we're the family or the Joe box a family
you want to see all I need is coffee and
mascara yes I think that's all we need
let's see what we got here
mr. monkeys all ready to go in his gear
are those hamburgers hot dogs
maybe hot dogs video games and UFOs
flaming hamburgers that's all you need
oh and some snakes
smiley socks Sunday I don't even know if
it's dirty on the bottom I was
practicing a lot she said you were
dancing around leopard jumpsuit all
right check we're ready to go we're all
set
they are amateurs I don't know how
they're going to do it but I don't think
it's going to be very positive
I really like the outfits but you will
not dance better than us but you look
sweet in those outfits oh really
oh she's oh oh she's gonna throw down
she's gonna throw down didn't even make
me blink oh whoa whoa rip headphone
users
wow that was coordinated that was
amazing Wow
so who is the choreographer of these
dances and how much time did you guys
spend learning that dance five minutes
so if they spend seven minutes maybe
they'd win this battle all right here we
go we're ready we don't even know what
we're doing yet that's how you do the
running man no no that's not how you do
that is not no guys you guys are good
sorely sorely misinformed the running
man is from our era Fresh Prince of
bel-air MC Hammer
that was where the real run you you guys
want to see what the real running man
mama bees having a something is
everything okay mama B let us know in
the comments who won this dance battle
was it the monkeys or was it the parents
I think a running man was thanks for
watching everybody if you liked this
video please give it a like share it to
all your friends about the running man
and how team constipation won this one
and thank you again to Joe Boxer for
sponsoring this video check out Joe
Boxer calm you'll see our faces we are
the Joe Boxer family tag us on Twitter
Instagram
wherever Tagus we want to see your dance
battles we love you guys we'll see you
next time team team boppity-bop
be quiet in concentration quiet hip-hop
Bobby box
they realize that we suck dancing
yeah how are they gonna do it
