oh just so you are we have you're gonna
burn this is just
I let you like not your puppy I let it
be - I know - that's good I think that's
great okay okay this is not clickbait we
actually did almost divorce yep fact
truth and that was about almost eight
years ago
things got just way totally derailed so
the reason why we're doing this video
today is because we have been asked many
many many many many times to do a
marriage video and we talked about it a
lot of times and we thought who are we
like why would we do a marriage video
right we're not doctors
we're not therapists we don't have
educational backgrounds in teaching
anybody about marriage and then it kept
going messages messages and then I got
this message yesterday which by the way
thank you for all the birthday love
thank you for all the messages from all
over the world Wow thank you so much
thank you I'm so touched thank you I
love you all thank you I had the best
birthday mama B was dressed as an Indian
princess we had the best experience with
her close friends they dressed us in
their beautiful clothes
here's a picture picture we'll put it
here actually the whole family got the
hold only close one it was just so
wonderful and and then scene right bad
mood okay get back fess so we get a lot
of messages and then this one message
came in yesterday and it really got to
me because it reminded me a lot of our
past Michele Houston from our Facebook
family happy birthday miss mama B may be
blessed and filled with love god bless
you and your family you both mr. and
mrs. B are an example of what God has
intended for a good marriage I have read
some of the comments you have made about
the trials that's right we have never
said oh we have the perfect everything
is wonderful everything loving and and
we wear matching clothes in single thing
when we eat the same color jelly beans
every day and then she goes on to say
maybe in the future you guys could talk
about what changed you both to make it
work.we my husband and I have been
married eight years still struggle would
love to learn about your example and so
so I read this and so I said to Papa but
you know what I think it's time I am
dedicating this video to you Michelle
and your husband and and I hope that
anything from here that can help Wow
please let us know and we will be
celebrating here while you're
celebrating in your house I want to
start with the wedding and the honeymoon
I want to start with that because I
think a lot of couples they they put too
much emphasis and too much focus on the
show and the celebration and bring in
all the people and spending all the
money on this huge wedding and and
getting everyone's expectations of the
stress ah like we get it we didn't have
professional pictures taken I think we
gave everyone these little like Kodak
balls disposable cameras we just left
them on the tables and we just let
people take pictures and then they gave
us the cameras eat yeah but our state
took pictures of like you know their
butts so it was just like a lot of butt
Pink's for right now give like a blurry
like wedding photo and then like a lot
of moisture of us and we'd get that
everyone wants to have a lavish date but
what Papa and I were or what he was
actually saying was so if people put
enough effort into their relationship as
they did on their wedding day things I
think would be quite different because
in a relationship or in anything it
takes work and it takes time and take
dedication and I see a lot of couples
after they get married they get
comfortable and they get lazy and they
don't really think about the other
person whether it's the man or the woman
and the honeymoon is like their top
that's like the the peak of the wedding
like you get married and in the
honeymoon and then everybody and it goes
like I agree so all that work you put
into the wedding day why aren't you
putting that amount of work into your
marriage meaning when you go and make
yourself a cup of coffee ask your spouse
would you like a cup of coffee don't
just serve yourself a cup of coffee and
go sit down and then the spouse is like
oh okay and then they go hi gentlemen
open the door go start if it's cold
outside
start the car a few minutes early help
your wife make the bed don't make it
chor don't write a list in the house and
say okay I clean the toilets and you
make the beds no no if I told that needs
to be cleaned you clean the toilet if
you see the beds not made you make the
bed and then that's you you don't make
it like like a responsibility yeah it's
not a fifty-fifty response if it's gonna
be 80/20 Thursday's it's gonna be 50/50
those days it's going to be thirty
seventy it's not about keeping track
it's what needs to get done you do it
and then the other person is doing what
they need to do and what you're doing
now is you're working as a team like
remember we were all on teens as kids
and okay you got this I got this
you're at this I got this I'm in trouble
go got my back and if you're in trouble
I got ya you know I would smash someone
for you on the football field right
yeah I totally would Thanks I would take
them all that like I could take out five
people if they returning at you I want
to see so why don't people implement
that into their marriages I got your
back you got mine you're honest with
each other you're truthful money
everything like you know your schedule
you are where you say you're gonna be
don't don't be selfish don't think about
be selfless is that the word awful is
selfless giotto flip the ego drop the
ego and focus on I'm mostly looking at
the men here drop the ego a lot of men
and I'm not saying all of them do tend
to see their wives as almost like the
replacement of their mothers where they
come in and have this expectation like
they work and then the wife taken
everything out does all the housework
she does all these things that that I
don't I don't really believe in that it
needs to be a partnership
don't be mommy's little helper when you
go to the grocery store that I was I was
because I can say that because I was I
used to I couldn't go to the grocery
store without a list I couldn't do
things without checking with my wife
first to see if that was the right thing
to do we make a lot of jokes and our
comedy is is pretty stereotypical with a
lot of things gonna be laugh at it it's
just a joke but in real life I was like
that I was the guy that would go to the
grocery store and I didn't know if I
should get a yellow pepper or a red
pepper and I had to call my wife for
every
make the decision take the initiative
get out there and do it
and we went to counseling we are so
thankful to our counselor yeah because
it worked she helped us she nailed it on
the head she was third party didn't know
either one of us hurt us together heard
me hurt him and at the end said a woman
does not want to be married to a little
boy show your wife you love her show her
that she's special show her she's
beautiful show her well just tell her
but show her right and then the wife
will become happier and more at peace
and guess what's gonna happen in the
home the home will be happy I did
happier life happy wife happy life
but by not happy wife like like Baier an
eight million dollar person make her
happy right no love your wife from the
morning to the night talk to her tell
her how special she is and wives tell
your husbands and there's a balance so
it's not only just men there are also
things that women can do women thank
your husband's show gratitude to your
husbands thank you we have our roles
probably does landscaping
I don't do the landscaping I do the
kitchen why because I love it I enjoy it
I loved showing them my love to my
cooking I do the ironing mama B there's
a lot of laundry I do not iron shout out
to the ladies who do not like ironing I
hate ironing you know can we please make
a decision as humanity can we just wear
a wrinkled clothes Thank You Nora
wrinkled clothes can we stop ironing
wasting time irony there are no defined
roles
I am the floor mop ER do you mean she
cleans I mean toilet but you know if it
only needs to be cleaned then I'll do it
I don't just sit there so what mama B
does that all time so you just gotta
talk the toilet is dirty it's time for
you to clean it right well if you notice
something do it right
personally I think that you need to just
get into the attitude of gratitude
choose to be a happy husband choose to
be a happy wife start making happier
decisions if that makes any sense
you just put a smile on your face and
your wife will smile too
don't burden her with so many negative
problems laughs bring show best in each
other yeah bring out inside jokes have
fun together
laugh it whatever laughs like our kids
love it when we're laughing together and
then and we have our inside jokes you
know that don't involve children topics
right and the kids are like what do you
guys laughing at we're leg off and don't
worry about it don't look good they love
it they love seeing us kiss em hmm you
know they'll say kiss kiss kiss kiss and
they love seeing us love each other they
feel happy they feel safe right they
feel loved when they see love between us
hold hands
yeah and so you know what's crazy is I'm
I can't remember where we were but miss
monkey says I don't see any couples
holding hands yeah I know monkey made
that observation that she doesn't see
couples holding hands and it bothers her
that sure doesn't see that and she loves
the fact that we hold hands I know that
you know public displays of affection
are touching go but I mean hold hold
hands hold hands like you know even do
this if you're not if you're not
comfortable if some people are like
lying on like and holding hands really
knew they wouldn't do this grab your
husband's hand
husband's grab your wife's hand there
are different things that make a life
happy and make a husband happy and you
have to find out what that is I'm more
touchy-feely mama B is more from the
communication side so you want you want
your communication service right so if
you like put away the shoes that are in
the entrance of the house like if
there's like a million shoes and jackets
and and if someone puts those away BAM
you got mama B or if you took the
clothes out of the dryer like something
so simple but not only not active
service every person has something that
makes them happy love's like touching
knowing that I love
that I value here thank you I think most
men yeah there are no clearly defined
rules and lists to be in a happier
marriage but the best part about it is
that there are a million things that you
can do to fix your marriage orbit to
make it better and you just have to be
open
you used to be very nice nice yeah I
used to be really defensive so mommy
would say something I would take it as
criticism and I mean like wow what about
her what about her what about the things
that she does but I never meant it that
way I never met her I would just say oh
you know maybe we can do this or maybe
this would be better I ready it's as
soon as news that I met it was like war
you know so many women would be happy to
be married to me you know and it's like
that's that's probably not like the best
thing you should say to your wife when
you're discussing things and be peaceful
don't yell just be peaceful just sit
down and talk it out listen to your
spouse's listen to your children take
the time to sit there for an hour hour
and a half two hours three hours
whatever it takes
to listen to each other to talk it out
no topic is off the table table
everything is talkable mama B what is
the most important aspect to a
successful marriage like the one most
important thing that you say there are a
million things you can do but if you
were to start with one what would it be
respect
you have to treat the other person as
you would want to be treated and and
don't be a baby
grow up yeah it'll be a big sucky baby
we live in a world where we want our
children to act as adults right we yell
at them and belittle them when they make
mistakes right but we adults act as
children our children are watching us
act like children and they're confused
yeah because the leaders in the
household are not being the leaders I
think we mention that before it's like
having to like a president a vice
president arguing and fighting in front
of employees and the employee it would
kind of feel I start looking for a new
job but that was pays respect and time
with each other take the time spend time
and take your honeymoon after like 10
years yeah or in our case 14 or 14 years
the real honeymoon happens after 10
years 14 years that's what it really
happened why don't you give yourselves
that goal every 10 years yeah
we are gonna celebrate our milestone
erage of being together of surviving
things no marriage is perfect right and
no life is perfect everyone goes through
things yeah
and it's it's surviving them together
and it not having destroyed you I think
that's what the success is we're in a
good place we're in a great place right
now we are I'm happy we learned and we
continue to learn and that's the thing
in anything continue to learn continue
to work on it and continue to spend time
it could always get better no matter how
bad is it that's spice it I've each
other spice it up like planet date a
little telling each other and then you
know the day of it's like okay I booked
a babysitter that's taken care of
reservations done learn and you learn a
new dance hug each other yeah
spontaneous you know be be who you were
when you were dating I made the decision
to start making changes whether it was
other business opportunities other jobs
whatever it was I just looked around to
see what kind of opportunities would
help me spend more time with my
and that is important and I even said to
you I would rather live in a cardboard
box but have you happy and our family
happy than to live in a castle but we
are miserable right our family is
miserable and we're suffering so that's
when I said I don't care how much money
we have you need a job where you're
happy right and when you're happy we're
happy and we're talking more and you're
not stressed out bringing that stress
into the family yeah and things got a
lot better right thankfully it worked
and it continues to work and we continue
to work on it that's all we can say
about that and maybe in the next video
where you talk about opportunities and
the things we needed to do to pay the
bills we we we not what you think not
what you think we did some evening we
did some crazy things to survive you
mean you would be very amazed can't wait
to do so we're gonna have to tell you
about that next time if you found this
video valuable and you'd like to see
more can you please tell us in the
comments we did this with open hearts
again we did not think we would ever do
a video like this but we kind of feel in
this time where we are seeing a lot of
breakups happening yeah recently have
good friend of ours announced her
breakup and we are sending love to her I
hope she knows lots of love and support
um we want to do the opposite you know
we want to show kids that there are
marriages that survive but that if you
think you are going to get married and
it's going to be happily ever after from
that
I'm sorry you're wrong it's not easy
maybe there are perfect marriages out
there where it works out the entire time
but from what we have experienced it's
harder it's hard and it takes work yeah
and it takes dedication it isn't so hard
but it's so worth it yeah in the end
it's worth it it is worth it
and so yeah we'd love to hear your
comments please leave a comment below
yeah we love you guys mmm I love you I
love you monkey all right your girl I
love you girl you so nice you're very
nice Billa
thank you very much you make me happy
now boy I wanted to kill you it's okay
oh that's not very nice at all yeah
y'all thanks for watching guys maybe our
talk show music you know I'll try it up
that's her like I like didn't dance - we
should have like talk show music like
should we like end this with like talk
show music yeah okay
