can you roll down the window for me
please the crank is right there if
that's the crank yes what
what am i a caveman they see me rollin
they hatin patrolling and dad's riding
the bicycle you're such a bad driver
they see me riding dirty they see me
riding dirty they see me riding dirty
they see me ride it dirty oh you miss
monkey hold on I don't want you falling
off a bike
I don't like packing packing is like
going to my favorite Chinese restaurant
and they run out of spring rolls spring
rolls yes it is the same level of
irritation that you get between both
things moving is very irritating it's so
much work miss monkey do you want to do
your homework or go to the park is it
your come on face come on what filter is
this do you have a time to listen to me
whine do-wop do-wop up what mama B do
you find me attractive yes so good you
oh thank you can I give you a hug yes
I knew you were sucker for man with blue
hair we do Halloween with no Halloween
things very early but we wait for it
it's coming soon
Jesus dancing yeah you are the cutest
guy in my group
oh but you were the cutest which I've
ever seen in my entire life okay kids
it's time to go to sleep what are you
wearing there's my new style from now on
when the moon hits your eye like a big
pizza pie hey
Oh
Oh
oh yeah
you guys are so sweet
Oh
mommy I can watch you dance all night
long no mommy
new house dance new house dance new
house stands for new house dance new
house fans new hope there's no those
burgers are looking nice oh wow Oh
finally somebody's gonna cook on this
barbecue cuz I don't know are you
learning how to make burgers from my dad
I know how to make burgers know how to
make burgers I know how to make burgers
okay fine it's a secret to making great
burgers and be patient be a go-to time
thank you
make sure that I cook inside that's a
mighty nice burger so you think I can
eat six burgers tonight guys I made
these for you I did what what do you
mean
I think right now we are 70% moved in
mama B's got her candles cuz she's
obsessed with candles mommy that's like
a fir coffee table yeah I don't know if
you should be putting the whole family
what to do with my Gandalf that's very
dangerous very dangerous what did you
just do mr. monkey I was like this and
the fly was there and I caught it in my
hands and I threw it outside
what's your ninja ninja boy what would
first dance party up in the new house
where are the monkeys they haven't left
this room in three days
monkeys do you ever plan on leaving this
room that what is that for miss monkey
paper you for your paper no stuff for
your phone stuffer paper what do you
think it's what is it for what do you
think oh my god it's for the CV compact
disc CD yeah I like this how old do you
think I am what this is what I like to
call respect
oh yeah thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
