are we gonna make breakfast brains are
we just gonna dance masters are for
pussies yeah it's like time wasted it's
like 8:00 in the evening right now we
started out like 10 the morning making
breakfast burritos we're just like
dancing around town in our gear how's it
goin everybody we are making where do we
never get anything we never get anything
done in this house we just we basically
just eat eat and sleep eat and sleep my
two favorite hobby
I love eating and sleeping okay will
procrastinating again okay today we are
making breakfast burritos the whole
family is here we're all gonna be doing
our thing we are all decked out and
ready this is it this is our this is our
burrito gear right here we're set up
thanks to Joe Boxer hooked us up with
all kinds of gear the first thing that I
saw was the unicorn top the unicorn top
mama be unicorn a mythical creature
resembling a horse with a horn on its
forehead can only be seen by awesome
people so if you guys can see mama B
right now you guys are awesome
this is it this is all the carrot mr.
monkeys decked out in his monster gear
miss monkeys got her emoji emoji gear
look at that mad emojis yo emoji stick
emojis yo look at dog
jobox has this awesome campaign called
show your Joe from Kmart where you can
enter a chance to win an awesome family
holiday vacation so just make sure to
follow Joe Boxer licky on instagram and
use the hashtag show your joe upload
your selfie you guys can win a chance
for a holiday vacation
I'll leave more details down below for
that you guys can check it out okay
we're procrastinate we are procrastinate
oh yeah thank you miss much all right
let's make some breakfast burritos
please guide us on this culinary journey
okay I don't think it's a big culinary
journey but Papa B loves these things I
don't know why it's very easy it's very
simple but he is like I don't know
bouncing up the walls what I mean I love
it I make
and aloni from scratch and he's like
that's pretty good is I I make these
burritos I can you can add more mr.
monkey
why don't you guide us through the main
ingredients of the breakfast burrata
what do you need about me about seven
eggs and yes own eggs some healthy bread
just in case you want to be healthy
healthy tortillas taught you these are
tortillas oh uh healthy tortillas this
is a corn tortilla okay
and that is a whole grain tortilla
ancient grains tortilla this might be a
tiny bit healthier but this one
obviously is going to taste much nicer
the corn tortilla so you know okay so
the ingredients are eggs tortillas we
will need some turkey bacon
some turkey bacon around like a cup I
like to call it bacon bacon because it's
not real bacon its turkey bacon all
right so it's bacon well here it's a
little bit healthier and we got some
chairs show some chess and ground chess
mama B's doing all the work here our
house as usual I do some of the work
here too
I I grind I grind the cheese you do a
lot of work is it grinding the cheese or
grate the cheese great how did you sneak
a little cheesy there cuz there was like
a big chunk well can I have some thought
my nose simply sounds like a pickup I
could cut my throat with this you know
this is dangerous is it dangerous
yeah have you ever shaved your finger oh
no watching her when I was grating
cheese for cooking I can't say I've ever
shaved my finger room with her there was
parental guidance do parental gutting I
didn't when she was reading her finger
with the grater Oh what what I was
helping mother cooking dinner and I was
dragging the cheese and then I couldn't
see she says grinding the cheese to any
great size I was donut let's get started
with the burrata
make it dance the baking dates the
makings oh okay we're gonna do this
again for another hour so let's cook
some scar I like to put some oil in my
pan and I know that they say that olive
oil you should know
heat but I put some in the pen because
it's easier for me it doesn't stick and
olive oil I think is very healthy for us
it's healthy for your hair it's healthy
for your skin and I've been doing this
for many many years and I'm still on the
planet
so you've sold us on the oil mama B so
you're gonna a little bit of oil on the
pan a little bit you're each gonna crack
eggs oh snap
get cracking monkeys good cracking
skills nice oh yeah I had cracking
skills awesome awesome
hurry good night ops we warm up this pin
yeah yeah we can get that what starting
to this warm it up mat-su about their
medium yeah all right
there's no shuttles guys really Wow it's
good jobs high fives high fives high
fives and now they basically just got to
go up done but like really fast right a
minute like rotates and you see how it's
now mixing and getting all yellowy you
just gotta make sure that all of that
dark yellow turns into light yellow very
nice like you're you learning are you
learning something I'm learning a lot of
good things sleeping it's my cardio oh
my goodness sleeping is definitely all
of our cardio so sometimes stir stir
stir mixture then you know gets mixed
really well so that okay too close too
close so that there's no like dark spots
left all right hey so we're gonna just
add some milk how much milk I don't know
maybe half a cup of milk do doesn't
measure you guys know that alright let's
get into going into the pan a pen
you got your eggs you got your turkey
bacon Mia a little bit of your your your
cheese there it's a nice sensible
breakfast good for a boys night good for
a boys night huh
while the eggs are slowly warming up you
are putting the turkey bacon in the pan
yeah and I just wrote it on I just
blasted watch it so it doesn't burn but
just so that it cooks up pretty quickly
it's a little tight in here but pretty
soon monkeys we're gonna be the new
kitchen
yeah this is actually one of our last
cooking videos in this kitchen so the
next time you do a cooking video it's
gonna be in the new one super excited
monkeys super excited my no mama B's
excited don't get too close we're gonna
get you boogers a book it's no see how
it's trying to like mm-hmm cook up these
are like the most uncomplicated things
ever
you guys can add salt and pepper I try
not to make it salty because the bacon
is salty
yeah and pepper I don't really cook a
lot with pepper because of the kids
these are my Joe Boxer army pants miss
monkey
you got your emojis got that a moment
your logee's you got your hamburgers
hamburgers your monkeyshines monster Oh
cute little hairs on it that's awesome
so seeing how they have a nice color
they're not like burnt cuz I didn't yeah
you didn't like the heat too high it's
medium I turned it down a little bit
it's cooking nice and slowly I'm almost
done that's looking great don't get me
wrong I am a huge fan of bacon I love
bacon I had bacon to everything but for
the breakfast burrito we are using
turkey bacon
I like turkey bacon more than regularly
hmm I love your unicorn shirt you know
why because I call you my unicorn she's
a mythical creature she is very very
very rare to find I don't think there
are many that exist in the world
that's why mom leaves my unicorn are
unicorns crazy ain't nuttin door salvo
meeting bro you only have two big
burners so I can't um keep everything at
once I know the next kitchens gonna have
lots of burners that's done the eggs are
gonna break it off okay
okay I'm gonna heat these up pretty
quickly I'm gonna flip them over just
give them a little bit of toastiness
that's what I do I did that's yeah
that's what I do to mama be back to the
cooking all right is it almost prep time
guys
yes Oh mr. monkey you got a nice little
artwork going yep that's looking very
nice how can I cut a perfect strawberry
please I miss it first
I'm gonna get your parental supervision
of course yes by the pricing world's a
camera
and then don't put your finger right
there you got to put it on top so that
the knife slides under your finger not
okay it also turned it well there you go
thank you miss monkey she is a true
Cheers
you ready to ensemble the the dunks the
burritos I'm gonna put oh yeah bring
that cheese back yo cuz everybody in
this house love cheese yes but that
smell doe put that on the plate well I'm
gonna take some of my egg okay nice egg
is still hot so it's gonna finish
melting the cheese okay oh yes strip a
bacon oh my goodness a strip of bacon
and there we have the one with a corn
tortilla and the ancient grains oh my
goodness now that is a madness breakfast
burrito so mighty might disturb it like
that when you go to eat it there you go
you just wrap it in your mouth and we
can add oh my god Skyler
but the real question is what does it
taste like Oh how's that how's that
smells amazing
I think it's heaven is it heaven I feel
you go to heaven you will definitely see
this everywhere oh yeah where I hope you
guys liked the video and if you do make
it please tag me in your pictures I love
it when you tag me and you show me when
you make the food that I make so enjoy
and love you yeah we love you guys yeah
thank you so much and thank you Joe
Boxer for sponsoring this video and
hooking us up with all some awesome
clothes there's a crazy contest
I'll leave the description down below
check out Joe Boxer calm for more
details we love you guys mmm enjoy your
breakfast bar bottles Oh burrito can I
have some out
ha ha
