I am here today at the test track in
Detroit and I'm going to drive a car on
the race track
so I got to find a passenger I don't
have mama B today so I need to find
somebody this is a dream they're
basically giving you a car to drive
around a racetrack and they're letting
you just go all out target time 38
seconds so we're trying to go like maybe
10 seconds faster than that this is the
track I need a passenger passenger thank
you very much all right are you what's
your what's your YouTube channel your
average consumer okay I'm gonna put that
right up there right in the car you guys
check it out thanks for being a trooper
I need someone to come with me are you
reading the safety rules are you over 18
and will you wear a seatbelt
alright drive vehicles in a safe and
controlled manner
try not to cry challenge something like
this well I've been driving a minivan
for 11 years so I have a lot of pent-up
frustration listen I've only been
married for two months so I need you not
to kill me okay no I promise I won't I
go on a little like
like the little roller coasters and I
just like screaming it here we go how
does this work you're gonna miss it my
bun oh no I don't wanna mess up your
butt yeah
alright Wolsey last time 28 Oh your time
oh my god
whoo oh my god good yes
get the wipers came on that was that oh
that's fun that was fine I feel like my
cheek okay that was fine that was good
we made it we dropped the kids off at
this really fast
please well yes it was it a relaxing
drive definitely not well thank you
trying to cry challenge you guys let us
know in the comments that she that she
survived they try not to cry challenge
thanks for being a trooper no fun that
was fun we got the groceries we dropped
the kids off at the school intimate we
made it guys we made it yes wow this is
quite the experience at Fort I just want
to thank Ford for bringing me here today
and let me just rip into all the cars it
was awesome thank you everyone for
watching like I said I'm gonna take you
guys everywhere to use some automation
take you some self-driving cars ripping
into this into the streets of Detroit I
love you guys we'll see you later
