what's up everybody how's it going we
are here you guys asked for it again
we're doing another nerf battle mama B
this time is gonna try to hit me in the
head as many times with the darts yeah
we got everybody
we got Justin Justin's here he's gonna
help us film this craziness you know him
Justin JT aka Evan tube in 15 years
we've done this before it is right up
there but this time mama B is gonna try
to hit me in the head with a few nerf
gun darts she doesn't have a very good
shot so the monkeys are gonna choke oh
she's never hit me in the head with a
nerf gun by the way it's never happened
so we're gonna see what happens today
miss monkey when you think right now
having issues we use don't shoot at the
camera please don't shoot the camera
what do you think you think Mama's gonna
do it yes how many times you think
Mama's gonna get me all the time issues
all the times okay let's do this nerf
head shot challenge I'm gonna be very
very careful here I mean even though I
won't really need these because they're
not gonna come close but I'm gonna put
these goggles he's gonna labor you're
gonna try to send me please use eye
protection thank you kids don't try this
at home
and by me don't try this at home I mean
don't don't try this at your neighbor's
house I like we have the pew pew dance
guns here you give give you des thank
you Dan we have the strong arms what do
you think about these
you can't do you restart doesn't look as
cool
mommy's going to stand over here
and I'm gonna stand on the other side
and she's just going to try to give me
headshots
okay monkeys you're going to be moral
support and you can't hear it logic Gary
door Elsa minutes up take your arms to
that wall oh yes they do grocery
shopping on me I'm tired
where's the next one the gas tank is
empty so advisable that got there put
some gas in the back too tired
all right here we go okay so she's she
took like 17 shots and she's hit me once
I'm late at 15
yeah do you know how to eight monkeys
please teach them how to aim who are you
so close oh that's way too close that's
not like that's too close nothing to do
with me standing by all so scared I'm so
scared you sneeze what do you learn just
frankly you're suffering and Troy the
deck she taught me the chest but you
know
well no headshot
why is she leaning in Seoul she told you
this in your hair that
nothing that in the face oh I felt that
cream by my ear oh my goodness mama B
this is so fun this pullback card do you
know all six Oh what no why don't you
teach her that why Justin why did you
take my probably it so long to do this
why didn't we do this sooner oh man this
is why did he go oh my gosh like oh that
that.oh
okay mommy you got a good head shot I
think it's time for you guys to unleash
it on me yeah it's gonna be yeah I'm
gonna regret this but you guys can go
ahead this is such a big mistake it's
just such a bad idea
why is she moving off why are you being
in blue Bob this is this is not cool
okay this is a big mistake question are
you sure don't know what okay you count
it down you count it down Hey
oh yeah
oh one shot huh all right truce Oh
angels because I think we're gonna
continue this battle and it's gonna get
a little bit more serious so we all have
to put on our protective eyewear mr.
cookies eyewear huh
we're good to go mama B I'm wearing
yours right now mommy I'm very sorry
Justin thank you so much for filling
this a mayhem thanks for watching
everybody if you guys want to see
another battle who won by the way who
wanted that did mama B win I think I
think she wins no matter what I think
you win no matter what as long as we all
had fun let us know in the comments if
you guys want to see more nerf battles
if you want to see parents vs. kids or
boys against girls or just another kid
or maybe Justin and the kids vs. us
maybe we'll do that next time we're
gonna go now we love you guys so much
see you next time so weird yah yah yah
yah
