how's it going guys today we are reading
mean comments you guys have asked for it
again we might as well do it as a rule
pup at night we do not reward by
behavior we don't do it with our kids we
will not give attention to negative
comments because they're just looking
for attention because there are somehow
I'm not paying enough attention so but
this we thought would be a great way to
show our kids here and our kids out
there how to deal with negative comments
negative people haters rolls
Mimi's this is how we do it yeah this is
how we do this how to do do do do this
is how we do we have a really popular
video called the Disney descendants
dress-up video that we did that's it's
not like 13 million views I'm going to
connect it up there you guys could check
it out oMG this is stupid where would
they be my fav Disney with Disney movie
and you should never use words like OMG
pics or anything cool like that you're
not cool oh oh em gee pigs so we can't
say oMG pics is not cool we didn't say
oMG no no it's like if we say it it's
not cool no no like oh like OMG pics as
in like really cool pics
really I don't know is that let us know
in the comments what that actually means
I have no idea there are so many
different components to this one thought
so basically we killed your your Disney
experience with your favorite show
now thank you and real cuz you're from
my pictures well not cool
you spelled there wrong so that's
usually that the tell-tale sign there
there's a very malicious so I'm sorry
are really sorry we ruined your fav
Disney movie by saying oh yeah cool pics
how you trying to go back to school so
that you can actually relearn that word
because technically you're not saying it
properly and we think we're cool yeah I
think I think we're cool yes I mean
we're pretty cool there are different
measures of cool oh they're all really
weird sorry have to be a a be family
hater oh okay mr. baby uh I know you
can't speak but that doesn't give you
the right this is a baby so that's it I
really now really yeah really
that's a shorter way to say me ladies
really a short way yeah really
so at least uh he Sasori at least that
babysit sorry sorry sorry doing a hater
sorry for being let's go make you don't
care no it doesn't but at least you said
sorry
yeah that's a really polite meter sorry
a Navy family hey Dad looks like
jacksepticeye's was bigger
oh thank you and then he commented back
on his the same comment saying I'm an
older kind of got your vote stop ringing
Jax anything like jacksepticeye I kind
of look like jacksepticeye if I add my
hair green and really nice guy by the
way stand up very nice guy and we went
to the store and top up II ran into some
old classmates from
high school and he saw one of his
friends and his they started to talk how
they went to school together and his
friend said to the other guy how come
you look so much older not be like Papa
P looks a lot younger than his classmate
that's what What did he say
I said I got a good white baby
I didn't say baby to the guy this one
says your kids are dumb and by dumb she
says d un d un boys and girls presidents
this is a lesson in today's lesson in
hater hater a duration a trait he drink
if you drink in that hey to me you
better know what expel it Gatorade 101
how do you spell dumb kids deep um be
done um B that is how you spell because
it be silent on to the same topic of
spelling errors okay I have no idea what
that means
oh I wish I could get this person in a
tutor teaching some English you guys
sick it binds to like T oh oh you guys
sick it it binds to I think you wanted
to see you guys suck at vines - hmm
like can I ask a question how angry are
you right at something at life at your
life I don't know that you're so angry
that you're hitting the wrong Keys how
proud is your mom and then you actually
went to our like YouTube channel first
and then went to our vines was like wow
you guys sick it vines too
I bet the person I bet you're watching
right now would be like did you have
like Peter autocorrect that's a big
thing in your autocorrect you go we're
gonna call it hater correct this person
did a great job because they don't have
to spell me the Keeks for Esther she
just express herself in emoticons emojis
the thumbs down
we got coop hands got three poop-heads
one and then three red faces there so
there you go if you want to instead of
saying you sick advise or I hate you or
whatever you can just be like and just
do that instead of the boy and the mom
are fine with the bop the blend of mom
are fine my boy and the mom are fine but
the dad and his sister are just pure
cringe what were cringe I'm sorry but
you know what they got it the mom and
the boy are fine but we're crazy baby
I'm sorry
yeah cringe words gonna teach your daddy
of course is a spelling mistake you
should have been cringe worse than a
teacher daddy not cringe worse than a
teacher driving because then you know if
you read it that way then it doesn't
make any sense I have a lot of teacher
friends can I just say they are some of
the coolest people I've ever been in my
life teachers are amazing and and and
they can dab these finds are so corny
plus you are a grown man why are you
always singing these types of songs the
cringe is hugely real there's that word
again mama B there's that word again
there's that word again Marty Grinch is
everything so cringy in the future yeah
early
really like well use that word or in
over is there not another word what's
better than the word vocabulary that we
can start using there's got to be
another word the problem is that trolls
and haters are running out of ideas and
they're not know very you know what it
is it's that trolls and haters are
followers there are not leaders and so
leaders come up with new things
followers follow and use what other
people do because they are not confident
enough to do their own thing and to be
their own person so that's what they do
they are so afraid to be themselves and
stand up and that's why they get annoyed
by people like us who are confident and
we know who we are and we know what we
stand for
they just folders our followers who are
not confident enough to stand on their
own two feet haters hate but they never
innovate or create or create or to mate
okay that's another day from mommy if my
dad wore a snapback I would disown him
why can't dad where snapback some people
don't look at it in pants like and
that's okay but I think we look pretty
cool in them you look so cute I think
there's nothing wrong with wearing a
snapback and I think I'm gonna start
wearing it like this we gotta sting yeah
yeah triple snapback that's for the
common room Oh typical hater comment
right here I would hate this guy that's
it I love you too that's what the kitty
spell it right he spelled it right right
yeah well yes he can I'd this friend
Zach which is gravy that his buddy
was it I hate this guy let him know
that's great I mean this is beautiful
speechless this was the greatest hate
comment I've ever seen I hate this guy
there's another hopper sentence there's
nation there's nothing wrong with this
guy I absolutely nothing wrong
a noun hate I think that this guy has
every right to hate is efficient in his
haircuts it's a wonderful some wonderful
things right he's efficient thank you
for the great love we haven't laughed
like that all day so thank you thank you
and what's the moral of the story the
story is you know I still stay in school
laugh at the hate they don't matter and
cut your hair right and cut your hair
right hey now what's what's the secret
word of the day guys Domo thanks for
watching guys if you guys liked this
video give it a thumbs up please if you
haven't subscribed yet please hit that
subscribe button leave a comment down
below let us know if there's anything
else that you want to see we're here to
have fun and we're here to make you guys
laugh so thanks for watching everybody
we love you very much thanks for a lot
thanks for watching me old school not be
a follower
don't be a hip don't feel beautiful
we're about be subscribe to be a
subscriber but don't be a hater follower
don't be a hater follower don't be a
hater later do your own person create
your own identity naked school kids spin
school vacation education is key we love
you guys peace
yeah y'all ha ha
yeah y'all
