on tonight's episode of super battle
cooking challenge for tonight's
competition we've never seen this before
we have a brother and sister going
toe-to-toe in this cooking challenge
Bruce we haven't seen anything like this
before have we
let's meet them so we have mr. monkey
and Miss monkey mr. monkey has been
known to make some great cereals for
breakfast um I just love cooking in
general I think the thing that got me
started with cooking was just seeing how
the process was to bake and put stuff in
the oven and do all that stuff it's just
I love that miss monkey she's a bit of a
mystery to us so this is part of my good
behavior
they said cooking would help me relax
more I'm still waiting with us tonight
we have some very special judges we have
the very talented you'll land up
pepperoncini yes my name is Yolanda yes
I have written like 10 books cuisine
books I own three or four restaurants
I've traveled all around the world and
now I'm doing this I don't think my
agent likes me very much
we also have the world-renowned chef
massimo assassin Oh
let's get to it tonight you both will be
making a very special dessert
marshmallows and the secret ingredient
are you ready for this Peruvian squid
but Peruvian squid butts whipped up for
me to work with Peruvian squid why it's
Peruvian squid buns
whatever okay for me to work with
Peruvian squid butts I need to think
outside the box I need a box I've had a
lot of good memories making Peruvian
squid bite so with my mother
and yeah I just want to wow the judges
today alright let's get started in three
two one let's get cooking chefs judges
who do you think will win today you know
this is a tough decision the competition
is very close you know what at the end
of the day we all win they're just kids
did you really just ask me that question
who cares who wins I used to date and
tongue your band data we were like this
I went all over with him and now I'm
judging these kid will you be come talk
to me I think you guys are doing a great
job
okay utensils down
stop cooking the first dish is prepared
by mr. monkey for my first marshmallow I
wanted to make the old-fashioned type
because I wanted to bring back some
nostalgia from the judges childhoods and
the second type of marshmallows that I
prepared we're start it-- marshmallows
with two different colors and the
flowers are edible enjoy not bad it
doesn't make me gag and the next dish is
prepared by miss monkey whoa whoa whoa
what happened here is this a joke
where where's the sweet but weird way to
marshmallows of course it's empty how is
someone supposed to make marshmallows
out of Parisian sweet buds
Peruvian squid buds I don't care okay
where's the squid but where were the
marshmallows what is a Peruvian squid
but anyway does anybody even eat it is
it like real or something okay so I'm
gonna give this an A for effort because
I think that you did your best um so I
really appreciate better you lose beat
it I'm being sabotage saboteur the boy
wins ah congratulations today was a
tough competition but I'm glad I won and
I'm really happy thanks mom
and there you have it mr. monkey is the
clear winner thanks again for watching
and if there's a secret ingredient that
you want to use on the next episode let
us know what a ripoff this was a total
joke hey someone gonna reimburse me for
my uber yeah y'all
uh-huh yeah y'all
