well anyways let's go to the video shall
we
today we're gonna be making some Copa
mail buzz with a twist
now this video is inspired by Yolanda
from how to kick it please please
subscribe to her she's the best person
you'll like cry because her videos are
so y'all ready into a minute okay okay
explain what you understand what's a
culpa Melba so what you do is you get a
fancy glass so you're basically just
finish up your wine glass with like
treats and everything birthday parties
you're gonna need a lot of these am I
making a big mistake using a glass no
you're not we're very mature so you
basically just like put fruits in like
sauces that are like like chocolate
sauce and with caramel sauce and stuff
that you put into like a really fancy
wine glass and then Oh get your myself
thing okay oh I can't hear myself oh my
god no no no guys so please ask a parent
or a guardian for help with putting this
in the oven okay so the ingredients you
will need is a very fancy one glass
you're gonna need some caramel I went to
this candy store and got there they
didn't have any melted caramel so I
bought these caramel cubes and what
you're gonna do is get a melt them in
the microwave so that's what I'm gonna
do I got some little nibs and this is
all you don't have to get nibs and those
are Sour Diesel you're supposed to get a
cherry and I chose red because it looks
like a cherry but I got a jumbo one and
they're sour there's sour they're like
gum
now I'm like this soft outside so it's
really cool got whipped cream whipped
cream you need ice cream you need
whipped cream for a good cup of Melba so
you not are mcgraw cake batter so what
you're gonna do is um what do you do
first okay white heat the first thing
you guys need to do is you need to make
the cake mix right okay
so fast to me I'll make it for you ready
dude okay real instructions you need
cake mix what you making cake you're
making cake make sure you get it like
all of that cake mix because you don't
want any cake mix we need to get out
together
saving the world one cake at a time
hello maybe we should put these in the
oven into the oven these go well so what
we supposed to do next not the caramel
in the bowl
aren't you the Baker are you supposed to
do it oh yeah hold on seriously we have
to unwrap all those caramels melt it and
then melt them do the Melville's nibs -
no those go on top okay so this is like
a what a layer like a layered layer all
the way up whipped cream
whatever this is cherry and that's a
cherry on top okay guys go ahead and
start running okay time to melt these
caramel mama B said in order to melt me
we're supposed to put boiling water yeah
like a pot we're supposed to like
boiling water you put the bowl on top of
it so that the boiling water gets to
there it melts all there so is it a pot
in a pot so you need your cake cubes and
you're gonna line them at the bottom of
your glass and then you're gonna put
vanilla buttercream and then your
caramel sauce on top of that do we have
buttercream we gotta make it how you
make buttercream
that's what Wikipedia's for or Google do
you have faith in your sister and then
put a spoon in here I mean I have faith
but at the same time I know that this is
not gonna go correct because this syrup
that they use is not caramel like actual
caramel they have to put a lot of other
ingredients this is probably gonna come
out like like like chewy at the bottom
but I mean like so you want to melt that
and then you want to pour it inside the
glass
yeah okay okay so while we're doing this
you should probably go google how to
make buttercream we have a special guest
hi special guest hi are you doing so
you're gonna help miss monkey do the
buttercream because miss monkeys been
looking and chomping away but at the
same time Wikipedia and googling how to
learn how to make buttercream I have a
great recipe mom already knows how to
make buttercream
why do I even question you okay so while
mr. monkey is keeping an eye on the
caramel I know which I still have my
doubts how's the cake doing the cake
lookin good miss monkey is not playing
so the real you're not playing this is
your video miss monkey
oh she's also helping mr. monkey with
the caramel they're smart
chemists at Carol's house put a little
bit of milk in there you need some milk
what did you put in there so we put one
and a half teaspoons of vanilla extract
and then you put 1/2 cup of butter yeah
yeah now we put 2 cups of confectionery
sugar
what is confectionary sugar she just
goes added out of the room and comes
back with confectionery sugar I have no
idea where she goes let simmer there I'm
looking good 2 tablespoons of milk do
you want this to be white or do you want
this to be a color you want to make
nice baby blue baby blue you want yeah
like I didn't give you like three devs
of that concentrated you three dabs of
food coloring wine food color okay
all right now mix it up and see the
turns blue
wow that's great Wow nice hmm so we're
gonna cut this into tiny little cubes so
like that so you're gonna cut this and
then you're gonna put it in here okay
well she was have like a psycho face
when she's holding the knife wow that's
a good cake
okay save some for the video and the
leftover cake is called cake scraps not
leftover cake that's that's what a noob
would say why are you eating so much cut
the cake scrap alright cutting the cubes
very nice where I was born in Uruguay we
have a thing called Coppa Melba and you
make it in a Copa either a longbow
pioneer why they have these beautiful
cafes where they have these long pole
bus and you have these long spoons and
you have layers of cake and whipped
cream and peaches and and the ice cream
and all kinds of goodies and then you
just dig in there and eat it okay okay
we get it you're you're quiet and now
the monkeys are going to assemble the go
Bob Melba or layered layered cake inside
up inside a cup the first thing you're
gonna put into your glass are your cake
bits feed bits and you're just gonna put
it at the bottom and put it nicely cuz
it want it to be presentable for your
guests and now you're gonna get your
vanilla buttercream get some mix it
around you're gonna put it on top
of your cake just make sure they have a
clean hand and we're spreading it out my
finger
very nice your caramel sauce and you're
just gonna drizzle not too much cuz it's
really sweet and you're just gonna
drizzle the caramel sauce on top your
but now what buttercream frosting after
that you're gonna add your toppings on
top of that I'm putting some
strawberries kind of just lay that on
top and you're going to repeat the whole
process until you get to the top of your
wine glass this is what it looks like
right now before the whipped cream goes
on it wow it is like a cup of cake look
how beautiful that looks with the blue
frosting and the strawberries hmm there
you go and then grab your gum ball put
it on top oh wow
and that my friend is what a cup of cake
mis monkeys Coppa Melba thank you for
watching please like subscribe and leave
a comment down below and I hope that you
make it for your parties that you have
and everyone will love it I promise you
100% guarantee this is the part where we
dig in I love this part we should
definitely make more of these videos
Cheers
is there some for us Oh Oh we'll make
you one
just after we yeah yeah y'all ha ha yeah
y'all
