is that is that your face every every
morning miss monkeys not a morning
person or afternoon person or evening
person I'm a night person mr. monkey are
you a morning person yes he's a morning
person mr. monkey is a morning person an
afternoon person evening person a brunch
person I was really looking forward to
this day mommy what are we doing today
we are going to visit an orphanage
that is called orphan a Tony no secreto
in LA no mana in La Romana I think
that's about an hour and a half almost
two hours away from where we're staying
right now Nickelodeon very generously
donated transportation for us when they
heard that we were going to do this they
said how can we help
and so they offered to drive us there
and back and we are taking a ton of
stuff yes those are the luggages we're
taking full of stuff we literally
brought like a luggage and a half for
our clothes for the four of us yeah but
we brought three luggages full of stuff
there's like goodies and clothes school
supplies Oh ton of clothes ton of
clothes so there's a whole three massive
suitcases full of stuff and we're also
throwing a pizza party for the kids at
the orphanage today so we're just gonna
go have some fun the visit the kids have
some pizza
give them some really cool stuff and
just just enjoy the day positive vibes
ready to go let's go let's go come on
mommy thank you we came to this trip we
were invited by Nickelodeon and mommy
thought about the idea of one of his an
orphanage while we were there and mommy
I just want to thank you for having such
a huge heart and for putting this
together
Wow mama B I think I want to marry you
we go read aya why are you not read I'm
Latino I'm just a lighter shade
camels
so now we're here we're getting a tour
of the orphanage and we're getting to
know the different places and we read
for the pizza have a pizza party with
kids some dancing I hear some music this
is the garden go home with the costs of
the food who started bringing children
into her home but it got to so many
children that they rented a house and
now they have this property and they put
the word out to the community to raise
money these are the collective office
areas music rooms
yes this is 100% donations so these are
folks that have donated their money so
that these kids can have a better place
to live and these facilities are brand
new there you're working on the
facilities right now so there's 76 girls
and 50 boys here and they're separated
into different sleeping areas spaces
teaches the kid that the girls
especially Eddie kids like table manners
she makes sure that their hair is always
clean and done what's happening here
mommy this is where they eat and they're
doing a choreography dance Oh learning
some messes yeah
hey mommy Oh mommy's get down I didn't
teach me how to dance I think I got this
moves yes pizza party party I was like a
pre pizza party dance amazing and now
we're gonna go see their rooms they go
see the rooms there's like a technology
area too so they're all learning like
Microsoft Word and Excel super super
important and they have like sports
facilities they say volleyball they play
basketball beautiful all in one place
it's nice to see everyone has like their
own rooms and that there's a lot of
sports and Jordanians up Jordan he has a
boxer she's got the skills right here
she could probably take me out very
easily do you train how many hours went
to went over that cell via internet for
two to three hours a day trade that's
what it takes to be a champ she's a
champ right here she the box we're
getting some boxing gloves maybe like a
mouth guard some shorts I think yeah a
helmet
yeah helmet for her opponents
but it's not easy to be 18 because
you're still very young they do a very
good job of an ink ensuring that you
have the necessary skills this is the
clinic where they have people come at
least once or twice a month the doctors
to make sure that so he's here with his
brothers two brothers and one sister
you're such a baby and no I'm gonna flip
the camera look with that who's that
baby was that and he gets held by the
girls so much that he likes to walk
around
stay tuned for his new youtube channel
subscribe like his channel 23 dancer 1 2
3 he's gonna be doing a gaming videos
oh and when you're older you can eat
pizza we're gonna come back and have
another pizza party ok
I flipped the screen up so you can see
himself on YouTube yeah all right yeah
you wanna be in our YouTube channel all
right sounds good
she is amazing dancer she's awesome
her moves were amazing oh yeah and I
love your hair
these girls gonna teach you a few things
about volleyball I don't think mr.
monkeys ever played volleyball before
make sure net make sure dancer doesn't
take a volleyball to the head that's
what we do while they're playing oh yeah
mama be nice I'm here with my mini-me
mommy's got some serious braids the
beautiful braids
are you ready for the pizza party least
of all Ibiza we're ready we got pizza
you want a nice pizza we got there with
mama be in to go serve some pizza
No
alright we just finished the pizza party
look to the party and now everyone's got
lots of energy for some dancing you
ready to dance oh hit that dab hit that
down now it's a dance party
Spanish dance capacity vitally let's go
dance okay let's go
luggages with all the goodies and fun
things
lots of clothes lots of toys lots of
toiletries for the kids plus a chef all
kinds of things
what is a now it's time to go back home
we'd had an unbelievable unforgettable
day here
so we made a lot of friends today mama
me and we'll be back we promise
there's always time for one last hug
which is tough you made a lot of friends
today we made a lot of friends today
guys we will we're gonna come back a lot
you danced a lot we smile a lot with a
lot of fun things I've never seen so
many smiling faces in my life we will
definitely be back and I'm gonna leave
actually I want to leave a link down
below in the description box for the
link that they gave us to donate to the
pizza party and if you want to donate if
you want them to have a pizza party on
their own they need donations they don't
have any government help and it's just
people like us to keep it going it needs
ongoing donations so we need a tiny
little bit
security for the kids maybe
transportation for them they need
everything everything to get them to the
age of 18 a lot of counseling a lot of
counselors lot of these kids came from
Holies ready saw stuff that they should
have had so any little bit helps any
little bit helps one place at a time one
child at a time whatever we can do to
put some smiles on their faces everybody
can help everybody has their their part
that they can do so thank you guys for
watching we love you guys so much and
until next time until the next journey
we love you guys
yeah yo ha ha yeah y'all
