(savage)
(Clapping sound of people)
oh that's a very loud there's people
sleeping underneath we're on the first
floor mama needs coffee okay hahaha this
cameras getting super foggy right now
because it's very like humid and
beautiful and then I think we go this
way no it's a dead end oh maybe we go
that way oh yeah there's a pumpkin I
mean the pineapple I think it's better
now there we go what do you guys want to
do today waterpark anything relations
mom eyefinity pool yeah pretty much
everything related to our water okay
sounds good to me now that is a fancy
fancy room oh this is mommy's favorite
part of the restaurant right here
it's very green
one Appetit because you know you got to
get energy for the water park mr. monkey
that is a fantastic looking DOTA you got
there
I know if I see it doughnut for
breakfast I got to go for it how is it
thumbs up should I have a bite no he got
it done oh it's almost done breakfast of
champions chocolate marshmallows with
potatoes under there and mangoes wow man
you got to try everything when you're
here though my face
anzl√© I don't waste the chocolate I'm
going to be different these potatoes and
these mangoes inside the chocolate like
this
ma
you
okay guys water park
water infinity pool bjd pool beach pool
balcony pool everything what's your
favorite part so far I think unity
everything part I like nothing yeah I
think we can get slimed yeah you can get
slimed at the water content really who
lives in a pineapple at a resort charge
Bob Square Pants
mommy will you see over there what group
hug group hug
mommy's having more fun than the kids
the kids are over there you're getting
ridden with the water pardon mommy just
gonna hang on goose all neighbors all
right
all right this is my kind of river a
lazy one
throw 50
we didn't got flying that was a lot of
slime Wow
another pie we're gonna do something
that's called yeah so this will be no
symbols ago Oh air in between is one to
be this lovely head
exact and Nickelodeon every way too much
fun here how did you not get involved in
that I know how you get into anything
man I have no idea I was trash-talked by
a little girl it got crazy I got dizzy
and I got I got pie in the face this
crazy yes and as you can tell our kids
are gone they're gone they're in there
at the lazy river yeah they totally
ditched us there in yeah they sold us
out but we want to yes it's called just
kidding
look I'll a slime nice this is like this
place you can climb to the top very
eager to talk and then you can come down
the slide into the gigantic ball pit
this place amazing there's like video
games over there there's like food and
like an eating area here yeah be for us
wow they got like a lot of lamp thing
going on here whoa kids play with it's
like a wall of toys this for display or
can they actually play with these toys
can you play with these toys yes wow you
can play with these toys look at this
Patrick Patrick Leary there's like a
gaming room in here whoa okay this is
where mr. monkey would pretty much spent
all his time playing if there wasn't a
water park attached to this place do it
up yes close close enough I think we're
a bit too much money are we just go see
the money in the bathroom associates
even the bathroom is all Nickelodeon dub
hola buen dia Nickelodeon hmm stole alas
no charges from my nose
yes amazing amazing people now if you in
water park when they're all very
beautiful gorgeous very do they don't
come out of the pier mama be no you're
not let's go haha yeah y'all
