it's about time you start cooking mama
be on video camera on camera dead man
walking
so we are back from the cruise but you
guys have been asking in the comments
for more mama B cooks videos so here we
are with another awesome episode of
mommy cooks stay tuned for more cruisin
videos but for now
mama big cooks what's the deal today
what are you making I am making a cod
fritters or bu√±uelos de bacalhau
cricketer Rainboom where's Devaki anyway
los de bacalhau and the Portuguese eat
bacalao fish codfish haha that's like a
staple okay I Portuguese what up
Portuguese I went out what up what up
and out ugh muddy Ashish okay that's why
I don't even know if that's a word but
I'm sorry cod fish okay so many craters
there that content fresh the carpet
fresh we might be confident rich today
yo that's what it's gonna be called cod
refresh okay anyways fish balls mama be
okay let's do this
these are gonna be the ingredients we'll
show you right here very simple ready
Kanna fit 5 fish you have garlic I use 2
to 3 I tend to go heavier on the garlic
all the time so I'm using 3 but you can
use one or two so apparently we're
vampires I love garlic heavy on garlic
heavy on the garlic no your breath smell
you know what here's a fact mommy's
breath never smells beautiful cod fish
we have incredible garlic garlic yes you
need 1 egg and 1 egg yolk you know why
because we make too many yolks so half a
teaspoon of baking soda by Matisse pew
half a teaspoon half a teaspoon a
teaspoon of turmeric turmeric add that
gonna give some nice color to it 1 cup
of flour the turmeric
that's kind of weird to eat it on
okay one cup of flour mm-hmm
150 mils of water okay so I got my
measuring cup
parsley yeah just put like a little
handful you'll see how much I put okay
salt yes you need salt I'm gonna grab
some oil oh my goodness mama B you
breaking everything I would help you but
I'm holding me giant camera all alone
Ladino yo yo yo neva Allah Allah Allah
it's gonna be a 45-minute video in like
the last three minutes someone in the
comments because it gonna be like you
know what this video starts at 1353
mommy what is that I got this when I
went to that cooking class in Sicily oh
my nose a gift that is so beautiful mama
B went to a cooking class in Sicily in
this aaliyan Sicily Italy Italy mama
beat went to a cooking class in chichi
yeah sweet so now you got to reach Elia
what shichi mia what Celia Celia sit
chichi chichi beer no see Chile yes
Pachulia chichi
shame on you I don't know these things
okay I'll let you live okay I'm gonna
start chopping first things first
chopping the garlic okay so you squeeze
it bam bam
alright squeeze it you take off all the
skin alright the chopper to chop it done
now we chop the onions ocg yeah you're
breaking my heart
all right so Mugabe's now chop some
garlic and some chop some onions those
are like the first two steps in this
card bacalao yeah uh-huh
so it's a lot of chopping you know it's
not alive don't listen to me from the
parsley I just grab a little bit of a
handful of here if I love person to make
sure there's no scent or dirt in there
man
get rid of the water okay you know some
people use utensils but you don't know
movies like firstly mommy's old school
okay so now we're chopping the parsley
looking good cavity chop chop chopper to
chop so far you've been chopping for
most of this video mechanic smell
amazing
isn't she like the prettiest chopper in
the world yeah smell desserts mmm smells
like lemon kind of you gotta get your
smell chair you know how mad how healthy
parsley is for you it's good for your
kidneys no don't listen me I have no
idea
you don't get a lot of Cod for the money
so this is something that it's nice to
kind of make it go a little further and
this is a good way to do it because Cod
is not a cheap fish that's not a lot of
fish right 100 grands it's nice to find
ways to make it go further to feed your
family hmm
this is the way I do it okay so you've
taken the con out of the bag I really
didn't mmm the water and Mama B has the
cleanest hands in the business by the
way if I smell your hands right now
they smell like cheese guaranteed
actually they smell a computer yeah
thanks um I like cheese I'm sure okay
now it smells like now it smells like
fish in here yeah lemon and fish lemon
according to miss monkey and fish kind
of smelled like lemon this is the fish
that you're left with okay all right not
much no both you're gonna tear it into
like pieces
does it have bones no there's no bones
oh it's nameless yeah this is Boleyn
this is great I love boneless fish not a
big fan of the bones in the fish okay
it's moving the knife I don't like it
when I'm eating a fitter and you can't
find the fish yeah no give me the fish
give me the fish you need a fig I want
the fritter second I want the fish like
when you're eating in a banana you can't
play the meat that's the were eight
that's like what am i taking this grace
for those of you who know what an
empanada is it's a meat filled delicious
pastry I guess and we also have a
cooking video on that and we have a
cooking video on that BAM I'm gonna put
it right in there mama B's like the
Queen empanada yeah miss monkey likes
the egg in the empanadas yeah are you
watching what I'm doing so one day you
can cook for your family yeah I was
literally watching you when you he's a
liar he's a liar you look mama B she's
lying she's looking at her screen that's
not your phone by the way I'm kind of
this because you never use it it's just
the phone in the house a nice try though
downloading all your silly little
applications I can smell it I can hear
it and then one day your
take over I can are gonna do miss monkey
cooks so mommy has pulled apart the cod
the codfish Cod buckle at black allow we
have our garlic and we have our onions
chopped parsley that apparently smell
like honey okay what's next ma'am abhi
okay now I'm gonna do 1 cup of flour
okay
oh my goodness what is mama be doing
she's actually measuring right now I
know right
Wow how do you wanna know yo mama B is
measure me break the rules but you said
115 or red one egg and 1 egg yolk ok 1
egg 1 egg yolk 1 egg mm-hmm you have to
separate the egg oh cool you just
separating it like that nice one egg oh
I have an idea for an excellent yolk I'm
glad somebody appreciates my dad yolks
look at her she's going for snacks no
I'm not looking she's making fun boys my
mom she's making codfish pot and she's
looking for snacks find a bumblebee
looking for snacks oh my goodness she's
measuring again what's going on here so
cute yeah they're very cute give it to
me by my friend Kaitlyn oh we love you
Kaitlyn yeah I bet you spin the baking
soda all right half a teaspoon of baking
soda I got baking soda baking soda okay
have a teaspoon turmeric yeah that's
gonna give some nice color about 150
mils of water all right look at the hole
that measuring going on so proud of you
mama B look at her measuring that's what
people boy I'm serious okay so she
barely measures up to me baking soda a
flour water that's like a bet and it's
like a witch
got a nice color to go the batch of a
bar bra what's it matter a better batter
yeah a little better
it's not a batch batch of the brighter
we are going to add the parsley onion
the garlic
snippety snippety-snip yummy yummy just
do this one more time just to make sure
there's no liquid get a little extra
drain assist just to make sure I didn't
miss any okay nope right I'm gonna take
a fork and if it's only done before I
get my hand in there
I just want to lightly cover everything
look at the colors look at that e isn't
happy yellow is the green the whites
right
hmm I'm gonna start warming up my oil
I'm gonna go house medium or too high
okay so kind of in between that so I'm
using a corn oil horn allele oh yeah
quite a bit in there yeah we know
already he told me I don't like to like
deep-fry my stuff I just like turning
any cooks okay
I'm gonna help you
okay half a teaspoon of salt I don't
want to put too much salt because the
codfish is all the oil is starting to
warm up monkey how do you you just stick
your head no you don't stick your hand
in the oil I just hold it over and I can
sort of tell please adult supervision if
you're making fish balls please no
eating Selena's like guys don't don't
dip your hand in oil to see a lot of
this no this is a special skill we got
here mama be making the fish balls with
two spoons
yeah so you kind of like form it like
that with two spoons right Wow yeah see
okay okay
No Oh mr. monkey check out what mama B's
doing she's needed touch balls
fish balls then I grab two other spoons
oh you turning around oh he looks so
good
you hear that sizzle whoa listen to that
pop as I keep going to get a little
bigger and bigger yeah because my
patience runs out mr. monk you're so
sweet chillin relaxing on a nice date
laughter no good started making trouble
in my neighborhood I got one little
fight and my mom got scared she said
you're movin with your auntie and uncle
in bel-air when it's a certain color
like stars around how many minutes we
had sighs is there like a I know I'll
ask me like four to five minutes four to
five minutes and the color right yeah
okay you know maybe the first two aren't
gonna be perfect
don't forget the pitch has to cook right
hmm so it's not just like two minutes
right no the fish inside the quick is
hot is wrong what do you think my Luck's
got bumpy makes me feel fine cooking
some amazing food all the same burner
we're look at the color now I'm getting
real close get it come & get it
yeah no this is like cinematic right
here I had a bad life
look with that she did it again
your mama B oh my goodness make sure you
put your feet up on paper towels drain
them on paper towel drain that oil look
at the color this deserves a fish five
mama babies fish bowl cake / patty fry
balloon you a nose today Becca yeah fish
cakes fish cakes yes oh yes please take
a bite first you never try your own food
mommy you gotta try it oh you got the
onions the garlic the parsley the color
from the tumeric guys pure wholesome
food movie was meant to me terrible
holiday
mmm mmm uh Freddie though you do mind
yeah man jacket key fob hmm let us know
in the comments if you want mama B to
cook some more for you guys she's got a
wealth of information she knows how to
cook all kinds of stuff so let us know
in the comments if there's anything you
want her to cook and there's anything
else you want us to do um yeah and if
you like this video please like it share
it leave a comment we love you guys so
much thank you so much for watching
we'll see you again probably tomorrow
mmm we love you we love you I'm
speechless now are you fishing for
compliments or not dad jokes yeah yo ha
ha
