floor is lava but you can only use the
garbage can five four but she won we are
doing one of my favorite things today
which is taking the kids outside no pre
organizing no pre-planned activities
we're gonna go outside just our family
we're gonna enjoy nature we're gonna go
for a walk and we're gonna inspire the
kids to come up with an idea that we can
do together something fun where we can
just be be ourselves be creative be
adventurous be spontaneous
I'm calling this be time and you're
coming with us let's go check out the
sunset Laureus look at that guy's
feel the energy guys feel the energy of
the Sun do you feel it Sun he oh he
feels it do you feel the Sun mama B yes
the kids for a walk after dinner we try
to walk we try to get out there in
nature breathe disconnect and just get
out there and have some fun and enjoy
and they try to find some bunnies ok
guys what do you want to do Laura's love
yeah there's a pork there's a park over
there ok
ok when we go for walks we let the kids
decide what is the activity so today
they've decided floor is lava so
everybody knows how floors lava works
what happens is somebody usually the
kids
LSU nature this is real not a green
screen nature one of the monkeys are
going to count it down and we all have
to find a spot and we can't touch the
ground the last person who cannot find a
spot loses so you guys let us know
who actually is the best floors lava
player right oh this was going to be a
tough one right here oh the two ladies
one okay okay
Wolfe acrobatics yo father-daughter
challenge let's go this is gonna be the
next apparatus for the floor is lava she
doesn't know the floors love it but you
can only use the bench for the picnic
table 5 4 3 2 4 this floor is lava
challenge you have to stand on the
swings have to stand on the phone oh go
go go oh no oh my good guys come on
number one you can't what if she wins
but I thought you had to go down the
slide no floor is lava you can only use
a bench 5 4 3 2 1
okay she's on and that's a picnic table
technically though that's a bench and
over there that's it that's a picnic and
he's studying on the bench ladies and
gentlemen welcome back to the annual a
family obstacle course of the year my
name is mr. B and today we will be
showing you the obstacle course so let's
give you a little bit of a look-see
start right here the other side got to
get up here then you got to get down
this slide and then you got a run run
run run run mama B's gonna go first
she did yes
40 seconds you're next in three two one
go what thirty five sixty whoa
three two one go boom 26:32
take a little break right now twenty
five sixty is the world record here I'm
gonna beat it by like five seconds I'm
gonna try right now what do you guys
think Oh what do you have to say today
to the world in honor of your tremendous
victory here today I'd like to thank my
brother for there to be hey that's me um
so there for there to be with me that's
proper English and for my father who is
timing me and my mother who is cheering
me on I have a very supportive family
and for my taxi that drove me here all
wrong be time can be enjoyed without the
need to spend anybody you can just go
out we do this after dinner we just come
out we we get crazy we find something to
do there's always something fun to do
right yeah and it's also important to
balance what you put in your body so we
get out here we go out in nature we have
fun but we also want to make sure we
nourish our bodies with good healthy
food so that's very important because
the kids need energy they need energy
energy to play and to have fun and on
the head note thank you so much to gogo
squeeZ for sponsoring this video and
helping us encourage other families to
come out have fun enjoy nature you don't
have to spend any money you just gotta
come out have final take in the nature
enjoy ash in your creativity
they keep running we can actually go out
on a date for like five minutes you
ready go let's go let's go get out and
enjoy B time together our family is
taking the B time pledge we're
committing to 30 minutes of B time every
single day
thank you guys for watching we love you
if you want to see any other challenges
let us know in the comments down below
I'm going to leave more information down
below in the description for you guys to
click we love you guys and until next
time thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
