turn up oh I know this I know this I
know the music you think I'm doing this
I don't want to do Mario Kart 7 how's it
going everybody we are so excited
because we have another battle for you
guys I know you guys were huge fans of
the last one that we did where mama be
she crushed miss monkey in the tennis
battle that we had so naturally we got
to do another battle and today we got
ourselves some Mario Kart 7 action for
the 3ds XL and mr. monkey is our
resident Mario Kart 7 expert and he's
going to be the one to beat today
mr. monkey I know you're good but you
know what what Papa P's been playing
this game since he was a little boy what
what are you talking about Mario Kart
the whole Mario Kart franchise nintendo
64 mario kart 64 i used to play that so
much I used to fall asleep playing it
and I was a champ we used to do races we
used to do the balloon battles we do all
kinds of stuff so it's nice to see that
mr. monkeys playing out right now but
you know what it's all about the family
battle and we're gonna do that today
I got something for you open it up it's
like a book
hold your horses little monkey haul like
this yeah you hold it like that okay so
that's a 3ds XL and you are gonna be
playing Mario Kart 7 have you ever
played Mario Kart 7 before no do you
think you can still school us if we give
you a little lesson probably miss monkey
are you ready
are you afraid yeah you're afraid of me
conquering mm-hmm cuz I'm better than
you oh we have ourselves a Mario Kart 7
challenge we're gonna do 4 player race
and we're gonna see who the real
champion is mama B has a little bit of a
learning curve so we are gonna water it
all I got a huge learning curve huge
learning curve a massive learning curve
mama B step 1
turn on the 3ds all right there's much
more to that go into single player
single fan Grand Prix 50 cc ok and now
you can pick your racer mama B you can
choose between all these different
characters so you could be Mario Luigi
you can be the princess you can be Yoshi
there's a B you wanna be honey Queen
Mama's going honey Queen you can choose
the body you can choose the wheels so
you can switch you see how when you
switch it changes they can go over to
the wheels you can pick your wheels see
there's different parachutes so in the
game you can actually fly and the
parachute will take you a little bit
further oh look at that
what's is that your ride right there
sick alright mama B there are different
circuits okay so for now just pick towed
circuits don't read the easiest ones
there it is start the race so this is go
this is stop this is left and right left
and right so there's no we're just gonna
keep it simple go stop yes there are
other things in the game that I'm going
to teach you also okay okay so the
object of the game is to just race go
so accelerate like a gas that I had
years years okay see now turn left and
right you see how you got your guys
moving oh yeah okay now go yes open spot
it's very important to pick up those
boxes oh look at that
oh mama George oh wow no wonder the kids
are always doing this there's gonna be
boxes popping up in the game you see up
there it's like a bug so get one of
those boxes
alright see in the top corner yeah you
have a little thing appearing yeah those
are different power-ups those are
different things that will help you win
the game so that little powerup will
give you a little super boost there's a
little trigger here on this side yeah
why don't you hit that trigger and see
what happens boom
get him in a box yeah got it okay and
now when it appears oh now you're gonna
shoot fireballs how with that trigger
again oh no someone shot you oh no don't
you leave okay hit the hit the trigger
see that so while you're racing you can
shoot the other players oh yeah this is
awesome Oh dragon keep driving keep
driving egg go mama be here in second
place come on mommy boost boost boost
yes finish mama be finished whoa you did
not finish last when my book you are a
winner mama B whoa okay
monkeys she's got a very basic tutorial
right now she's learned how to play
Mario Kart 7
she was trash-talking you the whole time
miss monkey miss monkey is gonna be
playing with her two TS Jesus putting
her name in there setting it up so you
can only play Mario Kart 7 with
3's family or the 2ds and with the 2d s
you can actually get a free game
download of Mario Kart 7 so miss monkey
is getting herself prepped and ready all
that's so cute miss monkey do you think
you can be Papa that's the question I'd
be you on when we were playing on the
airplane all four times I beat you first
place like all four time I let you win
that's my strategy
why did you start the cry after savage
I'm gonna fire it up let's do this let's
go Mario Kart 7 BAM
turn up oh I know this I know this I
know the music you think I'm doing this
I don't want to do Mario Kart 7 so mr.
monk is gonna set up local multiplayer
right now okay here we go we got the 2d
s we got the 3d Isis excels mr. be
hosting papa be miss monkey and mama B
so there are different game modes
there's Grand Prix which basically we
can race together but we're gonna be
racing with other characters in the game
there's balloon battle and coin runners
but today we're gonna do vs. and we're
gonna pick our own track all right here
we go Mario Kart 7 battle do it up I'm
gonna be Luigi I'm Rosalina your
Rosalina I'm Luigi I'm peach your peach
I'm your lovey hey mister monkeys really
getting it all set up here
ok Wow take it easy there race boy ok
alright your course toad circuit is ok
let's go 2 1 go oh snap who's that see
ya there you yep
oh man I miss the power mama B once you
become an advanced race room and teach
you how to power slide I'm going to
regular hey I don't see anybody how far
gone are you guys
mister monkeys gonna eat dust yeah sure
I will
I'm third oh yeah come on mommy how you
come on come on baby
he goes oh mama I'm gonna win I'm gonna
win Oh
Oh mr. monkey like a boss looking like I
got a rematch rematch
right Oh nobody never mind by a good
actor boost at the same time
well the monkey spleen is quite a bit
don't get hit by the cars I'm doing it
I'm doing it I'm god no it's a mom again
I'm trying to get you boys Oh
like a boss mommy were you at mama beers
okay goodbye
I like this choice this is a fun course
oh man hola white street this is so
pretty it is very pretty look at the
water fountain am I supposed to go ahead
ah
did you jump over the water bone yeah
mommy's right by the fury and guess what
deep fat boy
yep no how'd you do that oh boy oh thank
you Miss monkey I owe you one
thank you you're welcome deck 6
oh please baby first place for Papa eat
that mr. monkey it's so pretty
there's balloon that you jump over and
there's these beautiful houses with
flowers in our pocket is so pretty this
is underwater
yeah so when you go underwater the
little the little carts they have little
propellers oh that's good Wow and so
pretty where the points like I want to
go okay
I'm in second place right now so you
miss monkey yes are you my kale yes I am
but you better get ready because you're
gonna be served with some soup look
Maxim bubblebeam is the og of Mario Kart
early or not you like red you know but
you know what I was your age okay when
the super mario brothers came out
did you win I won I won
champion so you didn't win
yeah generation papa golden trophy
there you go gg gg send information gg
mr. monk Yami
GJ mr. Monken gg I hope you guys enjoyed
that crazy Mario Kart 7 family battle
and thank you so much good friend for
filming the gameplay action hey no
problem thank you
excuse me you gotta get your own there
was some severe trash talking going on
but at the end mr. monkey want mama be
what's the best part of the game would
you like I like the graphics I like
going under the water and the houses
with the flowers and trying to get the
gold coins that we're not as easy as it
looks
yeah I need to improve on my skills for
sure no that was great this is super fun
there is no plate like it it was so easy
to hook up the multiplayer for us to
play Mario Kart 7 is available now I'm
gonna put it up in the cards you guys go
to the website get the game there are
all kinds of new features it's super
super fun for all ages it brings back
memories because I used to love playing
the game so there is thank you so much
Nintendo for for this you guys are
awesome
we love you guys and family be family
out there we love you guys so much if
you like this video and you want to see
more battles and more family craziness
hit that like hit that subscribe let us
know in the comments if there's any
other games you want us to play we'll do
it we'll do it up family what do you
think is that cool mr. monkey rematch
let's do it let's go yeah y'all
uh-huh yeah y'all
