oh so it's not monkey yes we made it to
Rhodes an ancient Greek island or Rhodes
Rhodes come in come come you might want
to go check this out Wow oh my goodness
look where we are ladies welcome to
Rhodes Wow yep it looks like we are we
were sleeping good morning good morning
the buses they're all showing up all
right look at this let's go some coffee
guys look at this ancient ruins
ooh I look like I'm ready to go for an
excursion yeah you do look like you're
going for an excursion Wow
miss monkey how do you look skirt she
looks pretty Greek excursion any
breakfast oh yes he has so let's go
trouble waking up this is our ship if
you guys kind of forgot how big this is
it is like massive
we just got raped and we learned
developing pathology each lives
why your are
other countries
British now we're going to climb
apparently three hundred steps
even in the old
we're ready yeah
I'm afraid of heights but I'm very busy
you're in misty proble is hell we've now
learned that the island is not called
roll it is a Provost that's how you say
it
we can save our lost mr. McKee your roll
everybody
you
okay we made it to Linda's on Rose
Island that's the beauty of the Carnival
Cruise is that you just don't sit on a
beautiful cruise ship all the time you
actually come out here and have great
excursions and learn many many stories
from lefty hi Lefty
hi how you doing enjoy your tie thank
you very much and we are going to the
top the Acropolis the edge of the city
mackerel palace or a crow hapless homey
Acropolis very important is very hot
mama be always taking care of the
monkeys Scribus monkey we are going to
the top over there are you ready karma
grrrrrr
mombi has a trek so far we've only done
like 10 steps Catholic
look at this view guys
we've made it halfway we are up halfway
point from this point forward you will
be an extreme heat what did you find
did you find a rock a rock a jelly bean
oh my ghoul is it highly venomous rocks
around house so many highly likely she
will find a rock there's no question I
don't see any rocks anywhere guys no I
don't see a key right there like no
laughs I've already won as well all
right let's do this you guys ready let's
go let's take some sweet Instagram
pictures and let's go
so all under so much mystery additional
importance
ancient Lego blocks right there I don't
know what do you see mama B I see
history you see history ruin the ancient
ruins we found this ancient city ancient
ruins
oh no I'm actually right here in this
county this is why everybody wanted to
conquer this island and take over the
city because you could see everyone
coming from miles and miles away
look at this view there is where Paul
the Apostle would come really yeah
it looks like heart must monkey is in
the shade
yes monkeys over there ha ha ha so here
we're in row done more good no I say
roads rhodos oh well hair here you guys
sorry I'm like really hot I'm resting on
my words if you wanted to run we're
gonna go to the cold water park it's
even more prettier when it's kind of
broken down like that it's so cool to
see like the ancient city of Rome minus
40 degrees under shingles windows models
runoffs everybody look at the water
sparkling it's so pretty it's so blue
and that right there looks like a heart
isn't it so pretty
11:59 testicle soapstone sandstone
limestone that's limestone what do that
geologists here or environmentalist
oceanographer oceanographers geography
or geography
mama B we're learning on a lot you just
took it like a detour into this like
beautiful little shop here where they do
all these amazing Holies and he made a
lottery for the ridges with which is the
fingers that's how you know it's real so
whenever you buy pottery or clay you got
a check for the lines and if it has
lines I mean someone actually made it
with their hands and if it doesn't have
lines it was made by robots it comes
from the Greek word oh yes babushka
every word comes from Greek okay so the
word plastic mobile-sierra lapis lapis
lapis which means working with her hands
that's why we have plastic surgery the
doctors were told they were plastic
comes from Greek this was their plastic
back in the days he learned something
every day check out how solid this is
how do you fine leave her wait one
that's Letha name is monkey
that's pretty lethal that's how amazing
the quality is
when it's done right it is really hard
to break that go always for perfume
the napkin holders and I thought this
thing's you got it sparkles you put the
shell inside and then you put all your
foods in you already know that it's all
benefited take it and then you eat it oh
so it's not it's not a taco holder mama
B it's a napkin holder so what this is
story it's not it's it looks like a
regular cup but inside it's not you see
how there's a line right here yes this
is something for the dolly for the what
they tried agree
oh so you pour in water and you can't go
over the line not even drop and if you
do it's all over the floor oh it's all
gonna pour on the bottom it's all gonna
for us really go under the line you
won't pour out really so thank you for
the lesson what's the lesson don't be
greedy guys
would you need to taco seat up need to
tacos you just need one taco the green
back on the cruise might be back on the
cruise yah yah yah yah yah
