yes yeah yes hello everybody so as you
may know the fine brothers they have a
react channel where they have parents
reacting kids reacting teams so they
react to all kinds of really cool videos
and we had the honor to have parents
react to our videos so this is kind of
like a AV family reacts to character
reacts to a B family yeah it's like okay
let's like it and so we want to thank
you and we love when you comment and
make suggestions we always take them
into account and love your feedback so
here is our reaction to parents reacting
to our our videos all right you guys
ready yeah three two one
what happens if a stranger approaches
you you run away and you put your hands
up in the air
no you scream fire and you run the other
day Paris where's being very oh my gosh
I love this family
ah I like this family
I like to stand already does this dress
make me look fat
you look fine exactly right
don't answer that question they had a
whole series of these right this is the
wrong thing is how fast you were going
back there I would have gone faster but
you stopped me this is great you
something yep
Oh awesome I love that guys is this
their full-time job like they just had a
prince qi's video yes it is dad when can
I have this car when you go to college
okay that is one of my favorite ones
god I'm so close to that yeah oh how
many parents have done that we've all
done it's definitely not me white people
perfect birds never with the program I
have experience oh my gosh I love this
family that's being you know you're just
what your hey it's another one did it go
there thank you what he always kills him
yep it's a lesson to parents how it
really happens in real life I'm a
grateful guys oh my god right yes yeah
yes we'll be back in two days
because feel the same way that's
hilarious what do we just show you you
just showed me a bunch of vines by a
family vines of a very comedic minded
family I don't know there but I sort of
in love with them a B family yeah that's
how you pronounce it I always go back to
this family cuz just the comedy of it
plus the relatability of the content is
what I really what I really like 15 and
over a pavilion total views holy Hannah
what is it about a lot of you makes them
so popular well you know they're so
relatable it's like who doesn't feel
that way what kid doesn't feel that way
what grown-up doesn't feel that way
everything that they showed is real
that's a real thing that families go
through and why not laugh they're really
good at packing a lot of funny content
into little chunks into dynamic like you
can tell they really do love each other
they're a living deal body meant of like
a stand-up comedians like stand-up
routine right if they take the tropes
and their stereotypes of being kids and
being parents and they put them into
like a medium like little short skits
something exactly years online the kids
at school are always kind of shocked
that I know as much as I do but it's
almost one of those things where I have
to not only as a parent but as a teacher
is important as a parent to know social
media to know yeah everything that pops
up because going on you need to be
involved as a parent when a new app
comes out to be involved and to know
what's going on and to know the people
that are on it and really understand it
so you can always be two steps ahead of
the kids and so that
you are not living in Oblivion and not
only what's going on and so I really
appreciate that well in this case Papa
really takes the Hat on this one because
I am not familiar with the one I'll take
I'll take the head on that you can put
on everything else mommy got it's just
constant and it never stops and then
you're always on camera and you're
sharing every single detail of your life
and where did your privacy just go and I
really respect what she's saying as well
and so if you notice in our videos no we
don't film when we have painful moments
as a family we will not sacrifice our
privacy and and respecting our kids so
that you know if they do have a painful
moment where they're in tears or they're
sad
we won't film that and put that on
videos for the benefit of likes for the
benefit of views which is unfortunately
what some people do and I have a real
problem with that I don't like to see
children in pain and and parents filming
them oh this is going to be a big one so
I love the fact that Papa and I are on
the same page with this where we are
promoting family togetherness happiness
joy playing playing together and so we
don't we don't film what morning tonight
we do have a lot of private moments as a
family that we don't share because we
respect this is dynamic dynamic so many
jobs can take you away from family and
this is almost a way for them to spend
more time together if you can make a
business out of entertaining yourselves
you've won the golden ticket I mean come
on who wouldn't you nailed it right
there that lady just nailed it and what
do you guys think like I think it's big
because together on the
so we're always spending time together
we get to have fun doing it too and in
the end it's something great and yes you
got the golden ticket I think that's the
key is how can you spend more time with
your family I think that's what made us
stronger is between you guys
between your brother-sister relationship
between us Mama and Papa and our
relationship and our relationship with
you guys I think we're doing it right I
think this lady mailed it on the handle
is um we all have choices in what we do
for a living and this has been our
choice and yes we have sacrificed some
of our privacy but it's always been in a
good way we've had so much love for
people from around the world it's super
it's unbelievable and so we're thankful
we're thankful that even though we do
lose some of that what we gain it's so
much over more and that is promoting
healthy families promoting love
promoting happiness togetherness and
time time is my most important piece
that you can have yeah if I were like an
adult all I want to do is like be with
my family so this is like amazing we've
built this life where everything is like
amazing and we just want to thank the
the fine brothers for for putting this
together for allowing us to be on their
show so I hope you guys check them out
if you haven't already I'm linking to
them again they're awesome we're just so
happy that you're part of our family
guys and we love you so much thank you
for asking us to do this thank you so
much we love you guys so much thank you
bye
one roses Thank You B family we will
appeal oh he's gone huh yeah peace yeah
y'all ha ha yeah y'all
