where we going today mr. monkey a
tree-planting place tree-climbing place
yeah mummies in triumph mode she's ready
to climb some trees this is not a skirt
it's a skort it's a skort yeah it's like
a it's like a sport sports skirt sports
curtain sport yeah like that make sure
it's no cuz they like right up on me but
scores are good but this is good yeah
what's fun whoa like ooh
you can still kick some butt whoo you
still good whoa whoa whoa whoa oh she
will take you out ready for the tree oh
there we go
we roll that's the move right there
that's the move right there can you guys
do that whoa Mama's jacked way too much
Bobby today we are on our way to tree um
which is tree climbing ziplining all
kinds of crazy stuff
the monkeys are getting their gear this
is like true monkey training right here
I'm always trippin you trippin girl oh I
hear people screaming I think we're here
miss monkey
now I think I'm gonna conquer my fears
of ziplining we're gonna go ziplining
sweet there's a nice lady there with
some gear and a tree I'm certain and I
think she's with us he jumps out
thank you who wants an ice cream it's
your birthday happy happy birthday dear
the squads all geared up right now
oK we've never done anything like this
never and you can like climb the trees
and all kinds of like obstacle courses
and it's nice because it's not that far
off the ground for those of us who don't
do Heights yeah this is perfect mr.
monkey does Heights mr. monkey does like
crazy rollercoaster rides no fear zero
fear he's my roller coaster buddy he's
good ice I like
I don't why is it so close sorry look at
how beautiful these trees are look at
that it's like a little garden well
leave yellow leaves growing out of a
tree trunk I've never seen it's amazing
nature yeah you want to go Chloe why
don't you go hang off that that vine
over there and see if they if it works
yes swing the Tomb Raider do you know
what the tomb raider is never played
when you're playing the video game Tomb
Raider okay we just went through an
extensive training guys there were so
many important things to learn we're
ready to go right miss monkey
wow that was a workout and a half and
that was just like the trial court was
only like there's gonna be some cool
tree top amazing top walking right now
you better take a deep breath cuz you're
going back on course sweat man you go
like burrs and like things on your face
you're in the wilderness woman
adventurous wilderness woman hydrating
h2o you're doing awesome I tip my hat to
you
we have two people left standing why
shouldn't they standing there hanging
mr. monkey and I tapped out we had
enough and now it's all up to Papa bee
and miss monkey I am so proud of you
okay so far this has been a crazy crazy
experience now supposed to swing off of
this thing and land over there it might
be I don't think it's a selfie zone this
is pretty cool how come they don't have
a selfie zone sign here did you face
your fears how happy you did it yes
would you do it again you do high fives
high fives high fives high fives if
you've gone miss monkeys gone where'd
she go oh she's over there you want to
go to the next one what's the next one
the big zipline it has been an
action-packed day and we are near the
end with the biggest zipline in the
place called triumph now miss monkeys
going no problem mr. monkey he's going
are you doing this yes go to your happy
place mama bee
he is a true power another person who
returned property see first we lose our
camera and now we lose our glasses at
Disneyland she's all the way at the top
miss monkey is right up at the top right
now I never thought she'd be doing this
take your time you got lots of time he's
ready to go you got it good job we are
the champions my friends we are the
champions we are the champions no time
for losers cause we are the champions
of the world we've made it um and then
like you know it's not that far up not
that far up this is not for the weak of
heart cuz it's definitely not for the
weak of heart well he got excited
we are at marvista we are on course
number four course number four can be me
baby family we are speechless speechless
the lobster mac and cheese best lobster
mac and cheese ever had in my life
was amazing right here right here I'll
put it right there now we're had for
there's a wild boar lean Bellini nests
capellini a sinister Italian al dente
communicate anoint and weep a Yanni and
it's unbelievable
you think that's an Italian s illness a
nasty it's an enchanted forest and you
know what this is a perfect ending to a
perfect day
because we started in the trees
isn't that great yeah it goes a laughing
now and we want to thank our good
friends yes Thank You ed Charles Thank
You H house for having us here ja h
house is awesome
no we're glad to have the eb family here
they are awesome
thank you so much it is mr. Henry
Ireland
yeah it's been a beautiful evening
beautiful day beautiful week we love you
guys hello monkeys is there heat
lightning yes so that's it for the day
we started the trees we ended up in the
enchanted forest
we love you guys we will take you
everywhere
we promise if it's boring we want to
show you but if it's fun we'll show you
we promise anything else miss monkey
have a good day
and join swarm join the support we love
you guys my hand on it that means it's
stopped now ok ok yes I got a piece
