we got fridge with water where in the
world is Carmen Sandiego
what's up Carmen Sandiego we are on our
way to Florida right now yeah not for
naughty not Florida
okay I know get miss monkey super
excited she's waking up
okay so what happened was I ordered a
car service to pick us up and take us to
the airport like we normally do an SUV
he ordered an SUV I don't okay down but
you see the thing is the service that we
use uses like off-duty drivers so when
they're not I guess taking their
customers around they come and pick up
people and take them to the airport so
look we're all done that's serious
business right there they see me rollin
they hatin patrolling tryna catch me
ridin dirty tryna catch me ridin dirty
Bobby it's time to go you see me rollin
hatin let's get the stretch never
thought I'd say that he keeps on his way
to a wedding and was like hey you know
what I'm gonna get these guys first cuz
the wedding is near the airport so I
don't know what you put in here it's on
a breaks next fall airport next thought
be airport and then next stop after next
up um Florida yeah yeah forget some
facts excuse me sir
hahahaha
we just want to try that thank you thank
you bye yeah can you imagine taking the
kids to school and my way to the stretch
Oh sir can we get some coffee before we
drop off the children
I'll give you a promotion
I'll make you feel vacation the captain
to an ocean
are you Carmen Sandiego let's go to the
airport it's time for our regularly
scheduled coffee
a little jumpy you already know what we
do copied I'm happy 9 happy time 1 2 3
now watch me loyal now watch me caffeine
it now watch me boil boil there's a whip
there's a Nene what's the boil boil
welcome to floor down anybody island
what we're going to enemy island Colin
Lang red level both next to take your
crap to knows Sam several out on their
way awesome Jetstream Jetstream
- typhoon oh my goodness mommy are you
in heaven I'm sorry I don't know if I
promised you a sunset but here's a song
I promise you rose garden Emily I can't
sing after I've had wasabi and ginger
next stop Annamarie island we headed
back baby coming back babies wake it up
we're gonna link it you guys can check
it out that was the first time we went
to Anna Maria Island we went for two
days and we loved it we did so many
things in those two days we said we're
coming back now worker a week this time
we got breach we just water
sorry guys for the wind we turn off the
air conditioning and we roll down the
windows so that the camera is going to
be a little windy well hello family
I see the monkeys are getting settled in
thanks for helping me with the luggage
guys sure this is where we're gonna be
staying for the week Hey okay beach
house you want to see a beach house
tells it to her
miss monkey wants to give you the Grand
Tour yeah yeah yeah you okay
so we're first gonna start it off
outside I'm showing you guys outside to
the thousand thousand degrees inside but
I don't care the nighttime it's okay
from far away looks like you're in your
undies never mind okay so starts off by
going walking in this is your patio it's
big tables chairs nice nice and sweaty
papa be over here
sweaty cuz I'm doing all the luggage
this is mama B's room cuz mama B's the
Queen you all know that the fan is huge
TV and a nice chair this is her queen or
king bed I know which one's bigger
tell me in the comments down below
please and this is the huge closet up up
up goes we shimmy our way over to
Sherman to this cute little book
bookshelf yeah you have two bath fingers
oh my
and the other bathroom is for the kids
this is a huge bathroom two sinks two
mirrors cute little picture of a palm
tree a big bath tub here is the shower
and you needed help finding the toilet
so then you go here and then there's a
toilet sweaty probably and this is our
kitchen we have the beautiful bar over
here like an island there I was gonna
say Peninsula sorry this is my favorite
chair I love this chair it's covered in
like flowers Emerson oh it feels so nice
and this is a tour of Poppa bees room
another bathroom but it's smaller than
mama B's bathroom still it's two sinks
this is like the bathtub / shower all
their shower and this is the kids room
we have two twin beds one lamp in the
middle well I hope miss monkey gave you
a great tour the house this is gonna be
our house for the rest of the week while
we enjoy some Sun and Anna Maria Island
you guys excited
I'm tired we're really tired while we're
here we're gonna be relaxing chilling
out I will be sharing our experiences
with you guys there's some crazy stuff
happening this week so we hope we can
share it with you if you haven't
subscribed yet hit that subscribe button
we love you guys so much with your face
maybe if you see you go bang yeah and
you arrived nice and easy we'll make a
little mitt we'll make a little button
at the end there you can just click on
it thank you guys for watching we love
you so much stay tuned for some more
crazy stuff what about you so the speed
limit here is 25 you know I can tell
because there's like that little thing
over there that tells us you know what I
always wanted to do
yeah y'all uh-huh yeah yo
