hey guys we know you are big fans of
baby videos so I have to dig through the
vault and I found some more that we're
gonna share with you today so we're
super excited about that we decided to
partner with first spot California
because we love love love love what they
do and what they stand for which is its
educating parents teachers and
caregivers about the critical role that
they played in the first five years of a
child's life and all it takes is talk
read sing and we did a lot of that as
you can see in the upcoming video that
we have we filmed ourselves reacting to
more baby videos so without further ado
alright monkeys you ready yes all right
you guys ready for this I don't you guys
like his baby videos all right here's
the first one all right here we go
wondering why you're wondering it's
black and white because I do my color
Clark is away so but I have one upstairs
but I let it don't broken but
Luigi one fine morning for the lady he
was happy oh yeah so he was so
interested in reading books so that was
mr. monkey and he telling us all about
his story that he wrote an email her
book and we went and we went closer to
the print house we printed a bunch of
coffee if you like it I'll send that
story and email everywhere across the
world okay here's mr. monkey
singing opera he was like four three or
four years old
we would always say that Miss McKee was
the background dancer
I think you play the guitar at some
point hilarious
oh my face
how old was Miss monkey there oh my
goodness I used to I used to interview
her and do you have any favorite songs
dangled down your mouths is your
favorite song what's his favorite color
he knew his ABCs at 2:00 yeah and I
would just have a microphone oh oh
goodnight so there it is talk read sing
we did a lot of that with the monkeys we
did a lot of it it's like you know what
it is in the first five years of life
it's like strength training it's like
building the muscles of the brain for
the monkeys are also important is that
more than 80% of a child's brain growth
is completed by h3 and always remember
that your words are worth a million
dollars and what that means is by
talking reading and singing to your
child at an early age you're setting
them up for success for more
opportunities in the future so if you
want to find out more about first five
California check out first five
California calm and I will also include
a bunch of information in the
description box below talk read sing top
three sing can you say that five times
fast
yeah go top we sing talking things have
you seen chocolate same chocolate same
