we got some Japanese candy got some
Japanese candy we're gonna try some
Japanese candy I'm sorry what's
happening we got Japanese snacks to us
thank you to freedom Japanese market I'm
gonna link them up in the description
box below because they hooked us up with
a whole bunch of Japanese snacks they
want us to try this like extreme
Japanese snack challenge we're gonna try
it we got our silly
thanks man jeez this looks like cheese
has cow on it has a cow on it all right
miss monkey what you got in your head I
got a crown cliff it's so cute I got it
from my best friend's mom because I
delivered I I donated my hair to her mom
oh so cute grounded oh yes alright let's
go let's do this okay probably make them
Japanese can alright so I start with the
first net which one you want to start
with oh this is so weird looking okay so
this one is looks like a tomato it looks
like a tomato to me
look at that I don't know it's kind of
greasy you opening it I think I have to
do
ya know so what did it smell like is
this a snack you go first
oh it's like pickled it's like a pickled
radish or something you combine my sauce
I'm not you take a bite first huh
ah it's crunchy
can I take take a bite it's like a
pickle can I take a baby bite take a
little wimpy by if you want
it's like pickled hey look at the little
bites these guys are taking come on what
are you talking this is like pickle huh
give me me goosebumps
okay I can't thumbs up or thumbs down
down boo that company Oh company we
talking about okay so this is Sakura
daikon it is a fermented melted sour
plum juice it's ferment what is what is
it is this is this daikon might not seem
like an exciting snack until you realize
this lace has been fermented in melted
sour plums juices it's not well it's
sour it's it's not surprised that it a
sense it's not very it's not very
amusing oh it's got a punch for sure
alright next one this monkey you can
choose it's like geez geez I'll have
this one so you're gonna stab me the
Miss Maggie by me you can share with
puppy and I'll have one for myself
what'd it smell like cheese nothing yes
it was like cheese I like it
our discussions all over puppies cheese
cheese did we show on close up a witness
it tastes like awesome cheese it's
cheese did you eat it off did you guys
both eat it yeah it's ok I got a nibble
I didn't get a chance to eat the whole
thing
Oh cheese snack bite-sized pieces of
cheese ends up with camembert and pureed
cod mixed in to make it even more
delicious you will love the aftertaste
so they mix some fish and cheese in
there
I love the up thumbs up thumbs down
thumbs up thumbs up I like that oh this
looks awful I can read mmm so cool
I can read anime and this my friend
looks like an anime squid and judging by
how this looks
it looks like tentacles that's just
gross man just ain't right man and you
seem right ok let's have a look-see oh
it smells like fish jerky smells like
fish jerky oh how is it yeah when you
look at the back
let's see this is what it looks like
okay so it's like a fish jerky or
something it looks pretty gross dumb
anything much really hard
it's like Ruth what is like a bone
it tastes nice
mm-hmm when you got like lick it maybe
the ball has happy
I still hard maze like gum ten soku I'm
gonna come down I like it ten soku been
craving some squid well quick good
well crave no more this tiny squid comes
in bite-sized snacking for me it's got a
thick like squid jerky
I hope anime rapping so the thing that
worries me
this guy looks happy this guy right here
he has a red eye he looks like a robot
and he looks like he's gonna murder this
person so I'm a little worried what is
that oh you're like Cookie Monster when
you bite I don't she takes up way you
guys not a junior I see can you guys
chew with your mouth closed I see are
you guys gonna chew with your mom are
you guys just don't take a big bite yes
or do I know I guess I have no last of
whatever oh that's good thumbs up these
are these are good these are all good so
far boom aah oh my boo
sorry or nice right oh well my boat not
all a twist on one of our most popular
snacks is umaibo is covered in natto
fermented soy bean powder they're so
cute and happy all right what do you
think mr. monkey I don't think I'm gonna
like it Fila sick Oh Shirley thing no it
smells really strong weeds
so like a fruit like a dried fruit I
have no idea what these little guys are
what are those guys yeah all right
that's like a little green what is he
like a leaf in a tomato or something
what is this this is this gusting this
isn't it's giving me goose bumps it oh
my careful it's really salty
it's this is salt you know it is this is
like a this is like a salty fruit by the
foot no water though oh oh water though
oh oh it's all in Japanese I have no
idea what this is oil oh yeah it really
gives you like a punch in the mouth when
you're when you're done eating it
horrible
let's get that zoom what's the verdict
Hey horrible you don't like it I dare
you to take a big bite out of that one I
just said it with traditional Japanese
snacks seasons with bhumi dried plum
powder chewy salty and a little bitter
dried kelp very bitter not a little very
family what do you think this is all
right oh and if we scream and we peek
the levels I'm sorry guys wearing the
headphones we're still trying to get
used to this new camera film I think
we're probably gonna be like on an angle
it looks like Finnegan bacon which I
like raisin tastes like bacon because
don't ever realize the bacon whenever I
get my hopes up what is that it's like a
strip of fake bacon or something or like
tree bark
can you sorry about the chewing guys
good Wow okay she likes it
what is it smell like you smell like
barbecue season that tastes all right
odd fish what is that drive eel it's not
only potentially tasty snack but it's
also high in protein and low in fat
dried eel not things that look like big
ginormous raisins they look like giant
raisins or mushrooms helped another
China mmm
there it is I don't know what this is
but okay cool it flips end of it what is
it anything good anything to report
I'm gonna try it I'm gonna do the whole
thing you're gonna take the whole thing
okay we're gonna both can take the whole
thing at the same time Cheers
miss monkey hey you and I'm allowed to
spit it out you can spin it whatever you
want I ain't gonna spit on me get to
light one go hmm
that's like tamarind or something oh my
gosh that was really that's really
punchy I like it
no it's really something hmm just like
punchy you got a punch to it
Wow Oh what was that these are vanilla
flavored pickled plums seedless umeboshi
vanilla flavor and pale fun Wow here oh
yeah yeah okay so which one was your
favorite I don't I don't all it which
one this one oh I like this one okay
miss monkey like this one I also like
the the bacon tasting one the one that
we eat mr. monkey like this one before
this squid mr. monkey like the dried
squid jerky thanks for watching
everybody I hope you guys enjoyed that
let us know if you want us to try out
some more crazy snacks thanks again to
freedom Japanese market I'll include
some links below they're doing some
really cool stuff with the make-a-wish
Foundation so I'll include all that
please if you guys like this video
please like it if you haven't subscribed
please hit that subscribe button at the
end of the video we'll have a nice
little subscribe thing you guys can just
click on nice and easy I'm gonna
continue eating these snacks thanks for
watching everybody
yah yah
yeah yo you like it ooh that was like a
punch in the face
