three two one go I think I'm in Fernie
I think this is it muchachos welcome to
a new segment called reading mean
comments well before we begin we just
want to let you know that in an upcoming
video we are going to be pet-sitting
a cat our neighbors are off on vacation
and we went over to say hello to visit
their cats that's something totally out
of the ordinary for us because we don't
have pets we don't know much about pets
you know that we love them that we want
to like cuddle with them and the monkeys
really wanted a puppy but that was
really unique for us so there are pros
and cons to having a cats as we learned
they are cuddly and they're furry and
they're cute and there are parts in the
house that was a little stinky what's
your spank face you guys have a spank
face
so stay tuned for that and check the
description below for more information
on that
okay back to reading mean comments I
mean we get 99.999999% happy loving
wonderful comments thank you at that
point zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero
one of mean comments me maybe once a
hate it's not hate it's just a mean it's
like people who haven't eaten that day
yes I haven't eaten no I'm kind of
grumpy so I take it out on these guys
yeah Sophie bump their toll and they're
so mad and all of a sudden one of our
video comes up and they're like I have
compiled a list of mean comments the
first comment
this families videos just put me in a
bad mood I don't know why why however a
bad father oh my gosh what role models
did you have in males where you think
that this guy sucks and he's a bad
father Wow can a father do you have to
you're like horny stop trying to act
like like a four-year-old and giggle
like a four-year-old
and get a life if we can find a
four-year-old who can make videos and
edit them like I want to meet that four
year old where are you yeah I want that
four year old to help us out because we
need we need that Oneonta and to
influence so many lies around
world Wow can you imagine that the
four-year-old being able to do that oh
and they tagged their friend too just to
like let them know that they wrote that
note yeah another one they tagged to
France - oh yeah yeah you're right he's
like four year old let's do it if this
family was randomly swept up in a storm
I wouldn't be that disappointed we love
you too
life has storms my friend yeah life has
storms and you have to just make it
through the storm at the end of a storm
there's a rainbow or some sunshine so
you know I'd say the same about you
thanks Dante I'm cringing really hard
I'm inverting I'm cringing really hard I
am in inverted me that is the first time
I've ever heard someone say that they're
inverting because of our videos so what
does that even mean
so apparently at some point in the last
couple of grades you have learned the
word inversion and have changed it to I
have inverted into myself yeah I'd like
to figure out what that I would like for
the English teachers out there please
explain to us how one can go in Bertini
into oneself we're gonna try to cringe
so much that we're inverting okay three
two one go I think I'm doing I think I'm
inverting I think this is it I think
this is what is sitting first if if I
were to actually search for the keyword
cringe on vine I think ninety-eight
percent of the comments would be removed
the girl is a stick the boy got no
rhythm
dad don't know what did you and
you have no rival work on your ride them
get to ride them I don't know what to do
okay so whatever you're doing I don't
know what okay you criticize my whole
family
stop I can actually sing so I suggest
you stop moms are coming up the stairs
and they don't want their moms to see
there being a hater guys come on
I suggest you work on your language you
can sing when you can't smell stands
cool baby girl and then you can sing I
mean you could sing in school just learn
how to spell suggest I feel sorry for
his kids
lmao have to grow up with a dad who
thinks he's a teenager what's wrong with
that I don't know I think my dad is
awesome he's probably younger than you
Emily but you would probably feel
horrible
cuz you're not as young as my dad you
probably have the most Wi-Fi ahead and
anyone will possibly have in their house
in their house but the thing is both
Papa and I kind of feel like we're still
a teen in our hearts we feel like big
kids
and we love to have fun and laugh and be
free one of the things I love about Papa
is that actually like yesterday you took
the kids to a birthday party to a kid's
birthday party and he got in there and
played with the kids laser tag and he
came home and I came in second somebody
sweaty I was like tsunami families are
taking was Mike supported with the kids
like how is that not amazing it's fun
anything was dab Daniel dad Daniel if I
could be younger I would oh and his name
is not Daniel so this is just bad accept
the fact that no one thinks you're funny
but parents and eight-year-old children
I'm okay with that they get their kids
to watch that so yeah but how is it only
eight year old just 80 year olds only I
don't think if you are of the age of
anything other than eight can you
comment down below to let us know your
age the thing is Kerry might be wrong
here I'm just saying because carries a
turtle this is a stupid video ever made
lol and then that person commented again
under their original comment say so
stupid video ever made lol with the
sweaty with the sweaty emoticon
reinforce reinforce the fact that it was
the so stupid
you mean you ever met sorry for making
it a so stupid ever made this is from
Vince Vince
Huygens I like your photo you have three
puppies in your profile page so you got
a balance of the hate with the with the
yeah so you have three adorable
beautiful puppies and then you say you
guys suck and that's just Ward more
weird but instead you roll you guys suck
and that's just war Ward Ward Ward well
thanks Oh No Mas No Mas no mas this one
is from Malik it says lost the stuff you
guys try to be funny but
you're not hmm lost the sub Malik yeah
yeah
