okay mama B we're about to go on the
cars ride it's peaceful it is calm it is
quiet
how that feel mommy Ellen you got your
Disney shoes on are once a year Trek to
Disneyland we're all set I got my
backpack got a hats got a sunscreen holy
she won three piston cups and then my
meter is like he did what miss cook okay
mommy we're about to go on the cars ride
it's peaceful it is calm it is quiet
how'd that feel mommy miss monkey does
not go on Tower of Terror no she doesn't
Maji has to sort out and hit a
watermelon what she can't go on - no we
went on a ride once and she was so
scared that she unhooked herself what
was it was like at Nickelodeon like
spongebob ride she she owned huntress
hope she did not care she walked right
out the door during the ride Turkey hey
so we just finished the Tower of Terror
some of us did some of us some of us not
all of us I got mr. monkey though he's
fearless mr. monkey will do it he's
fearless see I can't go on something
like that there's no way all right the
monkeys are up there right now
we got a picture sent to us and I don't
know if this is real or not but that is
mr. monkey on the ride right now it
looks like he's hurling in the bag so I
hope that some easily I hope he's OK to
go you should go on there and let us
know if it's a joke or not me yeah are
you gonna go on any scary rides no I
don't want you to hurl on your shoe
okay you don't have your shoes from last
night so you can hurl on those if you
want nice shirt by the way
thank you I have to change because I
realized that my t-shirt was see-through
yeah we got here your teacher with
completely see-through and I would have
been nice no I don't want to say him on
me showing everybody I'm going over here
is Disneyland man so mr. monkey shows up
and gives us this oh thank gosh it's
just garbage in there just garbage he
played a trick on it oh you scared me
you showed up with a face in the bag you
oh my goodness were you up to this
you're the one who did this you told
them to puke in the bag in jail mama B
where we going now we are going to an
exclusive
we can't film so we're gonna try to take
some pictures or something
sorry began hear anything but the joy is
just bleeding all over the place here
music is fun mom he's getting turnt and
last night we were at the Maker part of
it was insane I didn't vlog it I didn't
get a chance but I did snap it I did
snap a few things so
yeah
those two crazy party this way it was
great that was fun it was like being at
a at a wedding okay I got to put the
camera down mom be all right now I can't
I kind of turn off the camera now
okay you want to stay there I wanted to
stay I had like the best burger ever it
was incredible
mama what did you had your the fried
chicken yes Amy and I shared together
chicken and me whenever mommy has fried
chicken she gets so happy except this
magnet now we're going to the Indiana
Jones ride ladies this is going to be
this Winkies the first time it's your
first time going on this
there are no dips and there's no like
they say like yeah nothing like you know
it's sucking you have any going down
like a fun I don't Ram whatever I have
the biggest chicken on a red rose well
thank you so much thank you mama B is
not a big fan of roller coasters I mean
I you know what his monkey isn't either
and we're totally allowed not to write
scary rides but there's fries like this
that are like intense and fun but not
scary for me but if we don't like scary
stuff No
so we promised you miss monkey nothing
Bad's gonna happen to have time it is
your good driving mr. monkey good
driving look at your hair
I even went a second time miss monkey is
that your favorite ride yes my favorite
part many people you could always tell
how many rides he's been on by his hair
let's see monkey yeah oh yeah he's
definitely been on a few rides today
Aubree he found his weakness he's very
ticklish famous Jungle Cruise my name is
gibberish
I'll be your Skinner now these ducks
real or fake I think the reading like a
thousand degrees outside understanding
they're looking at that yeah we should
might keep moving you guys done watching
ducks you know this is Disneyland right
that's ducks ever and they're real the
distant dog so we just left the Haunted
Mansion we're the only ones who obeyed
the rules these guys kids freaked out
and jumped out and
yeah thank those tasty broth huh okay
it's 5:30 and I just lost the camera so
I'm now blogging with this phone I lost
the camera we have no idea where it is I
can't find it I have no idea what
happened to it
so and there's a duck guys yeah there
you go guys
lost my camera but at least you guys get
to see a duck we're gonna make the best
this day even though I lost the camera
what do you do can't do anything about
it yeah at least we didn't lose the kids
we didn't lose the kids miss monkey went
on Thunder Thunder Mountain Thunder
Mountain did you have fun yeah you guys
should go and we're still here and now
it's not so hot so pretty much it and I
just tweeted it out to see if someone
finds the camera so we can add the
footage in this video we had an amazing
day and we had an incredible lunch have
an amazing day with our friends yes and
we are not gonna let this ruin our day I
know to have faith in humanity thank you
second I'm going to hand it in yes be a
nice person all right all right kind of
my was my fault really
it was totally
sitting on the left one now the one with
the job Oh have fun monkeys right you
guys have to go on it that's a lot just
it's scary but it's awesome
it is awesome so this is Space Mountain
and mama B you've never written Space
Mountain before
nope whoa okay so there's no crazy drops
I promise
I think only in the dark it's totally
dark I don't know she's changed man
she's Kenya hey I've been riding every
single roller coaster in Disneyland like
I'm a chicken fairy but okay so this
isn't this is the thing before we lost
all our footage she was like really
scared of all the rides we lose the
footage now I'm filming with the camera
and now she's like super super excited
and she has no fear what didn't you
already get to this one it's not right
here she helped me conquer my fears yeah
oh oh oh
and Audrey's mom Audrey's mom
so you can't see us right now it's very
dark we're on our us we turn on China be
disabled
we're on Space Mountain this is what
Space Mountain looks like when all the
lights go on
we're trapped we're trapped we're trying
space that I know it yeah I guess I had
the reset reset the system sees me comes
back and shows over nominal a change in
room 15 the station please Sankar
oh they're going to be pushing it
we're getting rescued guys I've never
gone on Space Mountain in my whole
entire life cycle and we get stuck
something happened all the lights went
on he came very quickly to rescue us yes
everything was purchased is the is new
fashion and true Disney fresh everything
is fine I like this awesome but you got
whiplash from the hyperspace oh I smell
churros it smells amazing
I'll see you Disney happy face mr.
monkey Disney happy face yeah it's your
Disney happy face that is and yours miss
monkey you can you help me can you say
anything - hey guys Jenny Cox is it
kidding knocks knocks knocks man I'm
getting old later Kay Cox I just learned
a very hidden mickeys all over the park
and then this one is a Hidden Mickey in
life
this building
all right so that's it after this I
think we're gonna go on a bunch of rides
and then we're gonna go see some
fireworks and and the free mr. monkey
anything else you want to say uh we love
you we love you and we love you and we
love you yeah and we love you guys
and we hope that we were able to make it
as interesting as possible given the you
know given the my falls her fall man
yeah-yo uh-huh yeah y'all
