I don't even feel comfortable hanging
out with your kids they're just so like
freakin gangster are you raising I get
beat up if my plane is bug life is real
she's thug Maga egg monkey thug monkeys
we got to make a t-shirt with a hashtag
bug monkeys hello ladies
all right it's party time
we are going to a restaurant now fire
and ice
and then we are gonna go to Casey's keep
doing Casey and I says doing like a
Samsung party I might not look like it
but I'm he's super fan you don't know
how much I love that dude I'm out of a
super I'm more of a sheep so you guys
are having like a Casey nice that Battle
of the superfans battle I can't
literally name all of the pieces of
music he uses
bear bear sunny very sunny and Sonny Boy
oh sorry we are on our way now to
another so we had nice dinner
who is that we had a nice dinner we're
on our way yeah we have a there and now
we're going to another party guys I just
want to like I want to say this in the
vlog now we make my cupcake addiction
you met my cupcake addiction here yes
funny part I just started watching Chris
Moore today this morning the day I start
watching her I need her let's see how
that works I just want to give a
shout-out to my cupcake addiction if you
don't if you don't know her if you
didn't subscribe if you don't like her
videos like go to her channel right now
just pause the video save it alright if
I don't know what you do and go to our
channel right now and I'm gonna dedicate
these two minutes I'll put it right
there - and then come iconic addiction
now we go we need to find a car but you
don't understand I'm her biggest band
and I've been watching he's gonna go on
in Orleans for like two hours I need to
place a cake or something and makes cake
a sugar craving I know where's the sugar
man mama be cut out sugar for a while I
don't know she picked on the wrong kind
of amorous oh gosh she picked the wrong
time to cut out sugar man how do we get
out of here
hi our night we're like an hour late for
the next party good have you guys ever
been to fire nice fire and ice it's
really good thumbs up this is not a
sponsored progeny wait for our education
is party okay so if you haven't noticed
mr. monkeys like a super fangirl of
Casey nice dance girl he's not fangirl
fan boy next party we are here well hey
can I be in the shoutout
so this is musketeer help shots good to
see you welcome that was my first baby
kid that's Lee isn't the first kids oh
there's a first of many get the highs
mandatory high-fives thank you very much
you got to give sugars I advise high
high fives everyone - high five - all
right let's go mama B forgot her ID but
she's in the drink line was so long that
I got two of them till I didn't want to
go back in this one as his water
I don't drink this is why I'm this is
Red Bull so that I can exist for the
restful night we lost mama
alright let's go find her
she's over here okay I'll follow you hey
how you doing mommy son Cheers
monkey this is the kind of things you
have to wait for if you go to the next
party okay
patience dear Shana Casey
and now we are going to another party
here Carnehan party number three KC was
with us but he jumped on his boosted
board and took off
John John say hello hi oh sorry
hello he like did I do all right he's so
sweet and he speak Spanish very nice to
see a nod yo soy el muchacho being
waffle
he is very Guapo mama B likes it when
men speak Spanish so it's really cool
I'm gonna start up a band called la
thoroughness they caught us on Oh I'm
not about myself it's gonna be good
that's gonna be assessed to give you a
sweet guy to play the bass yeah you can
if you can still hearts I can't see I
can only steal one heart well your is
right there gotta sweet thank you Oh
what do you think about that
see right there whoo that's enough oh
that's all the mama be mama B created a
heartbreaker what about you miss mug
you're not breaking anybody at hearts
because you're gonna be living in the
basement till you're 37 at least you
went lone wolf oh yeah
hey guys you're gonna live in a forest
own mansion by myself
oh that's perfect I mean my puppy just
ran your cab purses you love your style
shout out to the crab does anyone know
where we're going or we just blog I
think we're just walking right into the
hotel Hawking la does not wear children
should be going right now all right
sweet all you need you just can't do it
at the same time Washington don't guess
it on enough don't mess with me I've
lost you
spaghetti legs in high heels Savage
those hobbies I don't even feel
comfortable hanging out with your kids
they're just so like bringing gangsters
what are you raising I get beat up hello
this buckling his bug life is real
cheese bug maga like my egg monkey thug
monkeys we gotta make a t-shirt latex
ugh monkeys hashtag spaghetti legs
tired georgina and gymnastics on
Thursdays okay she what she's doing
brain for the garbage can head for here
it is guys here it is guys we made it to
the party look at this I won't we just
walked in guys we just walked in there
you go you got to say hello
all right there you go hello did you say
hello all right good
all right so you literally have like ten
minutes to say hello that's it so you
need to grow a mustache because you're
not supposed to be here right now that's
Joey Graceffa sting that's right so this
is it mama B so here we are in the last
ten minutes left come into the party a
few moments later all right we're all
leaving the party now we said hello to
everybody you got to go home now we're
the die-hard youtubers were the last
ones the ones that stay there they turn
the music down and that's it it's gone
it's time to go guys it's time to go you
guys had a full day let's go swimming
right now you want to go swimming no
we're not gonna go swimming Brady go
skateboarding wake up early and go
running yeah they're crazy are you gonna
run I don't run when I'm awake let alone
and I should be asleep and I've got this
so I don't have to learn yeah you can
bring your board will run you bring your
board hey guys do it you guys have fun
tonight yeah did you have fun to name is
monkey oh yeah
mommy mommy always has fun did you have
fun tonight yes well had fun everything
was great all right now it's time to
sleep gonna get naked I thank you good
night monkeys until tomorrow
why do me shoes that feel like torture i
I see what YouTube is monkey yes you
guys why why do females have to suffer
so bad I don't know man why you guys you
know what you guys need to suck it up
just joking I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding no no no no good morning it is
the next day and I just finished editing
this video that you saw and before we
close it off I just wanted to clarify
that we are here in Anaheim during
VidCon
and as we mentioned before in previous
videos we are not inside VidCon doing
pre-planned
events with the kids but we booked our
tickets we booked our flights or hotels
so we are here and we are meeting with a
bunch of people and we're going to a lot
of get-togethers and if you see us
please say hello we want to give you
high fives give you hugs we love you
guys so much so I just want to clarify
that in case there's any confusion we
love you guys and we'll try to share as
much as possible and bring you with us
wherever we go
we love you mmm
