today we saw the decathlon a frantic we
did an example I said this is degree
centigrade welcome back to another
episode of dumb life hacks with mix
monkey wait a sec this is your first
episode
I grew up eating dumb life hacks we can
miss monkey so today I'm on an airplane
so all I have is homework in an iPad and
it
like really small sweet do you have a
lot to do actually pretty much but I'm
going to teach you some life hacks today
that are pretty dumb but they're useless
I mean there you go
once you sir water 50 which one would
you like can I have some orange juice
lime juice okay I'll be right back with
this reason you're very good thank you
alright go ahead okay so that's always
saying
self-weight all right was the first one
back the first life back is called the
hair tie
the hair time every aircraft has a
plastic bag and a little flippy thing in
front of your chair you're going to take
your plastic bag and they have this
thing where you have to rip off at the
top it's actually barf in there so
you're going to take that off and we're
going to rip that off too so it's going
to just be like a strip like that with
the lines here
doesn't have to be perfect so there you
have it and this is the bendy part of
the plastic bag so you can like bend it
it's like bendable wires inside this
perfect the bottom of the barf bag so
this is going to be used as your hair
tie I know it doesn't look like much but
it will be used what you're going to do
is you're just going to bend it a
lengthy bit and then you're going to get
your hair ready for putting it in your
hair types I'm putting it like this just
to show you guys and I don't have a
mirror I just have this thing right here
there so I can see but I'm still going
to do it here so you guys could see and
I can see too
so you're gonna put your hair tie under
it and you're just gonna come together
the tops and you're going to put your
there and then you're gonna cross the
top
you're gonna cross the top and put this
piece under your other piece it's a
little complicated because paging for
passenger I'm on an airplane you're
you're gonna put it under we hurts
and there you have it your hair tie and
you're just going to like tie it and
it's good because it's not like this
little piece of like paper
and that useful
yeah it's so uncomfortable because it's
like but it looks pretty cool
Oh
blow lifehack bro so this next life hack
is pretty useful for you teens who are
watching right now this one is inspired
by Karina Garcia shout-out to her please
subscribe to her channel she has like so
many subscribers like Rama fighter this
is called the silky life pack if you
don't have any friends around you or
friends in general and you don't have
anybody to like take a picture of you
and you don't have long enough arms to
take a selfie
don't say it down so you're saying bossy
you're gonna take your sunglasses and
you're and everybody will say oh oh it's
just some losses pair of sunglasses oh
this is gonna be that's a tripod so what
you're going to do is you're gonna set
your glasses I got it I got it
you're gonna put it back with like this
but then flip it upside down or the
plate deciding shortly tomorrow's in
temperature dinner did you take your
iphone and you just can lay it
on your sunglasses or your Android just
doesn't matter and you're gonna you're
gonna lay it down so that these two keep
the things that cover your ears are
gonna use your phone in support and then
you can also play it like this and it's
like super easy super useful or like
this and you could just change you can
change how you want it so you can put
this in front and then you can play it
more like that and I have it your tripod
you go tripod glasses down light but
this last life hack is the most useful
one for girls it's for all you homes and
girls today the motion recenter the
content upfront sake we did but the
other by the other night did you ever
notice how this is degree septic that if
you have straight hair and you're dying
tap curly hair just like me what you're
gonna do is you're gonna grab like a
thick strand of hair
not too thin so that is telling uh party
for the fight there's catch anyone even
thrown open or theses direction st and
the only shoreline and ferry over to
just our side of the throw you don't
want it to thing because if you put it
in or not it's gonna stay like that and
you won't be able to pick it up what
you're gonna do is you're just going to
put it in a knot
you're going to put my back and bring it
under just like that so there you have
that's your first nut and you're going
to keep doing your knot
okay so this is what it's supposed to
look like after you nodded all of your
hair and you're just going to like leave
it there and wait about two to three
minutes
okay so the first time did it work
because I used a really thick strand of
air so I did it second time with the sin
with an even thinner piece now I'm
actually taking it out
and how you know you're doing it right
is your hair is getting shorter this
part is getting long
I didn't even centerpiece are you
kidding
all right well the other two to get a to
light packs were pretty good pretty
funny actually it actually works
especially on airplanes when you have
nothing to do I can stay here but if you
but if you like make a permanent non out
of your hair it's not our fault
yeah I'm telling you don't use a super
thick straight hair ties with a barf bag
glasses tripod and then maybe the hair
thing honey maybe the hair thing I try
to have to pull and it like cords man if
you want to see some more life hacks for
me then leave a comment down below
please subscribe like and leave a
comment below
Oh
don't show
