you good can you see anything here it is
the Pie Face challenge whoa thank you to
has broke they control the game you guys
have been asking now we're gonna play it
I'm gonna go first the firstborn goes
first okay okay mr. monkey
it looks like pop is going to be filling
up the the whipped cream hand mr. monkey
you need to spin first alright what are
you gonna spin here five legs put your
face right in there okay
put your face right in there it's five
clicks one two three you're dying to eat
the whipped cream okay my turn
alright miss you monkeys okay you guys
see ya stick your face in closer you
guys I don't know the hand is not gonna
smack you for faces one two three
hey mama B you're up we need to put a
little bit more money here you have a
really big piece little bit okay see
have the spins first mommy oh yes I put
your channel okay that was that was a
good spin three going down for you
how's your face any location got three
mama B one click two click so they're
waiting for my head's too big no excuses
because I trust it's all good all right
cheater right in there okay mommy you're
up okay so so far who's that hit me you
got hit I got hit miss monkey did not
get hit yet and mama beaten up I have
like whipped cream up my nose this
whipped cream and cream everywhere okay
ready yeah looks like a war zone or did
your base in there you got to get right
in there get up close get up close and
personal with that company with it one
more please
one two three
all right all right here we go last ride
let's try here we go this is a very
messy game we're not having any fun I
haven't been able to breathe through my
race all right here we go all right you
know what
because mixed monkey didn't get hit we
all got hit except for miss monkey cuz
somebody
somehow she cheated I don't know how she
all right here we go here - I see three
no spin again spin again by yes oh yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed that that was
fun thanks for watching everybody can
you see anything I think that's it I
think we're done let us know in the
comments if you want to see any more
challenge videos if you want to see our
rematch of the pipe face challenge this
got a little bit messier than I thought
all right monkeys clean up we'll see you
later
fire buddy that was the best challenge
ever
