come and see this is it the P is the
results the whole songs mama B today is
making one of my favorite things the
steak sandwich hi mama B and it's fully
loaded super excited this is definitely
one of my favorite I can eat like five
of these pardon me if I'm not all
glammed up for the video but we just
came back and then the kids are like I'm
stormy woman and little B we will start
cooking right now okay okay before our
shows and everything
I didn't say that did I no you just say
right extensions can you have that right
now I was very excited what is in this
deluxe steak sandwich well in mine it's
steak and cheese mozzarella mm-hmm now
for you and I we like onions and
mushrooms no guys don't we put a little
bit of mayonnaise and avocado cuz I'm
just gonna saut√© these babies onions
yeah you're gonna lightly saute this
yeah I don't have it on high heat I
don't want them to burn I just want them
to cook nicely so I'll do it on medium
and I'm just gonna add a little bit of
oil to that good nice is that a splash
of oil
yes mushrooms you have avocados onions
mozzarella mozzarella
I see Sonya - Pokemon Joe okay bro my
job so we have all the ingredients
already and what is first a mama B so
first I did the onions because I need
take a little bit longer because I'm
cooking it on a medium heat okay then
I'm gonna toss the mushrooms in there
and I buy these that are already cleaned
and sliced man so literally all I have
to do is throw them in there and the
mushrooms don't take a long time to cook
very nice and then I'm gonna cook up the
steak and I get this steak from the
Asian supermarkets because this is the
same meat that they use for the hotpot
and this is rabbi yes and it's thinly
sliced it's like paper it's oh it's like
beautiful whatever you cook these
literally in like a minute you cook it
lightly I've just put a little bit of
salt and pepper and then I top it with
the mozzarella and then I take that and
I put it on the bun
oh and we don't really like our buns
tools to know like I'm soft soft we
don't like to feel that crunchiness in
our milk we just want soft bread with
the steak and the cheese and the avocado
and oh yeah and the onion soft months
they're nice and soft they kind of like
me like they kind of like melt in your
mouth when you make these so we're gonna
put these over here thin slices that's
the key so the onions are on a low heat
with a little bit of oil slowly frying
in the pan you don't want to over cook
the onions no because then they taste it
then you don't want burnt onions and it
tastes bearing band can I do anything to
help you no thank you
positive you can cut the bun buns up hmm
I'm a good bun cutter oh so I turned up
the heat okay okay you turned it up
because again I don't have a lot of
patience so you don't have any patience
that's right and I'm hungry yes the lack
of patience and hunger is not a good
combination
when you know you're hunting steak
sandwiches and you're hungry and your
mama B know what are you talking about I
have no idea what that means all I know
is that it means mom in love with
Fitness fitness okay very cool you love
fitness and you're a mom thank you
awesome
oh putt whoa sun's out guns out the Sun
out the Sun is out she's got the onions
cook and she's got the super cool ribeye
steak sliced strips Trippi slices in
game it is so fast
that's like the last thing that I do
because how it fin it is it cooks
literally in like two minutes okay so
that's gonna be the final thing and mama
B's got the little bonus corn boiling
yeah I thought what can I make with this
we can have salad or we can have a nice
corn on the cob because you're eating
the steak sandwiches anyways with your
hands right right so you might as well
you know with the Messalina main thing
with the hands too is right we really
don't need any fork Yeah right
less washing I like that cooking down
soon they are cooking down I'm gonna
throw in the mushrooms Oh
your shoulders are like they're like
steel beams like running into a horse
making a steak sandwich a beautiful
horse that's supposed to be a compliment
mama B's so that's why I'm gonna put in
the mushrooms now oh okay so the onion
they're not fully cooked but they're
almost good look at that sizzle that
smell is amazing no gotta smell it so
I'm gonna add a little bit of salt to
this okay just a tiny bit of salt and a
tiny bit of pepper to that very nice
you're not burning the mushrooms you're
not burning the onions definitely I hate
burnt onions yeah so the secrets of
cooking is don't overcook
don't burn your stuff No keep an eye on
it be patient but don't be too patient
and when you're hungry remove all your
patients I have a special technique to
take the pit out of the avocado some of
you guys may know this um but I was an
avocado pitting champion back in my day
back in Chile when I was making blade
almost completos when I was making
completos I had to hit eight thousand of
these in 35 seconds and I did I and I
won and I and I got an award like
embattled anyways I'm gonna show you
guys how to pit this deep it is it
pitting or deep hitting when you buy
cherries and they're in their Lane they
don't have pits in them deep it them
remove the pits that's what I'm gonna do
and now it's and now it's time for the
avocado guacamole it's not welcome only
avocado this is the key to deep hitting
a avocado SuperDuper knife you just cut
the avocado in half
gently open up the avocado and it
exposes the magical pit and you can
scoop it out and you can do all kinds of
crazy stuff but this is it right here
this is the secret oh yeah and if you're
a cycle pack you probably don't want to
do this you might want to get someone
else who's not a psychopath to do this
just in case because you know using one
of these things and actually might
trigger something anyways so here it is
guys
the magic oh and that's it that's how
you pit up or deep hit an avocado
scoop it up nice and easy just a little
bit of salt and you have yourself a nice
avocado okay so how long did that take
mama B maybe ten minutes now that's the
color that I like if you like it cooked
more you cook it more you cook it to
your desired all right so the onions and
the mushrooms are ready so these are
done okay okay so I'm gonna move this
over they are off the grill or the stove
and now it's time to grill the steaks
yes and mama B's put a little bit of oil
how's that heat pretty high yeah kind of
high I love these so much oh that is
like paper-thin so your local grocery
store might have it we got it at our
local Asian supermarket just take a
screenshot of this video and take it to
the take to the grocery store with you
and say hey I'm looking for this I want
to make steak sandwiches and I want this
kind of meat is it here if it's not here
tell me where it is cuz I need to make
this or you can buy a steak and slice it
up very thinly okay crank it up baby
crank it up crank up that heat mama B
we're gonna let these sit on the pan
okay I'm gonna go see what the monkeys
are doing mama B what do you call these
sandwiches your language GD those
Cheetos
I can't remember what country she's from
that Christmas trees still up that's
right it's never coming down I love that
Christmas tree
mr. monkeys doing some research right
now yes mr. monkey is researching some
stuff actually we're going to be doing
some more gaming videos coming up so
there's gonna be some some scary ones
some fun family ones so mr. monkey is
actually in charge of looking at what
games we're gonna do so I'm thinking
about treasure tracker and Yoshi's
woolly world okay so we might do
something like that or we might do that
that fun is a breeze the joy of creation
let us know in the comments what games
you want us to play because mr. monkey
and I are ready and we're gonna get mama
B to play too so hello ah what you doing
just chilling playing with your dollies
you playing with your body dolls yeah
that's very nice okay your visit has
some steak sandwiches mm-hmm what is the
Sun covered up word up can I do a face
Bob can I do a face off please let me do
it quick I'm a cute Barbie I'm a super
cute Barbie you can go now fine how do
they look Wow okay so I've been gone for
how long couple minutes that looks
amazing the food you make smells amazing
and you smell amazing mama B okay guys
so let me see so you see here this is
what I do now mama B is now getting the
mozzarella so the steak is cooked
okay I'm gonna cover this and I'm gonna
turn it off okay so you turn off the
heat okay yeah done the cheese is gonna
melt and by the time I finished putting
all the toppings on the bread the steak
will be ready
go green that is I know the monkeys have
requested not to have mushrooms and
onions right they are missing out big
time
but more for us mama be alright huh
whoo what's next mama B all right ready
come and see this is it the P is the
results the whole sauce the holes I
could just eat that that whoa steak and
cheese oh my goodness and I'm just gonna
scoop it okay oh it's okay if it's a
little bit smaller it doesn't matter
the sloppier the better mama B
are you are you giving him that look
giving it that look oh we got to take
like a like a like a like an Instagram
or something amazing sandwiches these
are these are the real deal right here
look at that cheesy goodness mr. monkey
what do you think mmm is monkey how is
it let us know in the comments if you
guys made this if there's another meal
you want to see mama B make let us know
guys we love you very much peace there
anything you want to say we love you
miss monkey purse
yeah y'all
