my loneliness is killing me by your
spawn face that's my that's my getting
my nails did did your nails dip face
whoa I just fit did you cuz I got
excited about my nails and I Spit on
myself Oh to have the lip gloss because
after you do your nails you have to go
flip-flop songs you have to remember all
these things ahead of time it's very
stressful you can't wear running shoes
it's a very stressful environment when
you're looking to buy a pair you need to
shave your legs you don't want to have
hair all over your legs for the ladies
who do the things no actually I shave my
legs no cuz you're a man we are off to
the spa and yes once in a while I get my
nails done and my hands done I like it
yeah it's nice it's relaxing you be
taken care of
yeah what's your favorite part about
going to the spa massage yeah I like the
massage I like to hand massages I like
the feet I like the scrubbing I know
mama B's not a big fan of scrubbing but
I like that you're ticklish
star of my wish
kind of sad
small tiny
okay
I break away break away I'm breaking
away baby oh yeah
I'll do it
there's another song like that dog which
one the sisters that sing a song oh
great this breakaway what you know
Oh having the tip of my tag no I hate it
when that happens things that go your
way
and you hold on for one more day and you
hold on for one more day
hold on for one more day hold out for
one day and retrieve from I'm breaking
away baby I'm breaking away let's do
this approve all your fresh blasts for
the B mama I gotta be like those girls
like don't talk to me the shades are on
but you're not like that
I'm hold on like that you talk to me
please talk to me knocking on welcome to
the girls is what it is when it
I won't you know me you know I won't you
Sally
don't know why don't please
picking the colors we like test it on
your nails
yeah that's too clear that's cute I want
her to get this that she's going with
the color of nail don't you something
like this
she's AI D mama B you shaved your legs
all right what about me
I like really hairy legs do you
recommend all men get their manicure
pedicures yes I think so
I saw that on a post somewhere where
someone's getting a pedicure like a man
was getting a pedicure and the comments
were like all full of like men don't get
pedicures and manicures they do these do
and they should it's fun would be more
fun if I shaved my hairy legs mama B's
different story
she's very ticklish it's supposed to be
relaxing mama B this part is not your
lasting this is very relaxing this is
very soothing go to a happy place don't
you take yoga no more crazy sandpapering
on your feet nice and massaged and you
get your nails did so was that super
relaxing or what I'm so relaxed right
now I'm ready for bed yeah I'm excited
when I go to bed I'm gonna go work out
but my hands look at these hands baby
hey baby hands - hey baby
Manos de beer lemon TPP and feed the
babies - I have better feet hairy legs
still
now I gotta go grab a gnarly bar
whatever the Cullerton Erling gnarly
gnarly gnarly Artie no it's a knurling
nerdy do you know that that's called a
knurling right you know that that it's
called a knurling the bar the grippy
part oh yeah
she don't care she's going to screen
asleep I guess he picked it you're crazy
crazy for you be oh I'm crazy for you
too
you
I'm sorry you're so wet man I'm so tired
mama be and hug you I'm tired too I'm
tired and I ruined my pedicure with my
CrossFit shoes I had manicure hands
they're all wrecked from climbing the
ropes
relax roll relaxed I'm getting your
nails done and they went to CrossFit and
we were just completely useless I'm so
gassed I can't hear anything
can you hear me can you hear me you my
ears mm-hmm okay this is the meal of
Champions right here mama be making a
beautiful peanut butter and banana hmm
sanggojae mm-hmm it's very easy to do
you literally grab rye bread cut bananas
spread peanut butter and you got
yourselves a nice protein energy meal so
if you like bananas and peanut butter
and red this is the kind of snack for
you miss monkey check this out oh well
they kind of like business cards or like
we made a lot of people so you guys like
it yeah yeah it's grand
snapchat Twitter vine Facebook YouTube
or not so a lot of people that we meet
always ask us how do you so how do you
spell your name or where are you guys on
is it only YouTube is it only Facebook
where everywhere what so we hand out the
cards Bonnie you're sure though that you
don't need all that you be happy but
with these cards I feel so unlike I
watching what you love but I can never
seem to let this go because what's its
kind of time I was three years old now
we become like I am right now so now I
have my own
all right I could never get it is it
like this or over there it's up here are
you sure
yesterday's video the monkeys did a
cover with Korean effects the best
beatboxers in the world and yeah
so it's doing really well I'm glad that
everybody likes it these guys had so
much fun doing it we have some some
behind the scenes a little bit I think
you were singing in the middle of the
song and like you tripped and fell oh
yeah so I was singing and I was like it
was almost the ending so my goal is this
is gonna be the best ending ever so like
so like Super Mario when he gets bigger
right at the end she trips there's all
good though you did it I think it was
like four or five takes we did it was it
was fine you guys are great like my
spiffy Harry I mean my spiffy shoes
mm-hmm I felt bad because the lady had
to like massage my legs and they're like
super hairy and mean I let that lady
even know where that goes like so Jen
these legs have seen things don't let me
now
don't let me down down down opera style
let me go
let me down down gone
Oh
oh my god Ilana something a little off I
know we're going to work out right now
with the monkeys in mama B and that's
how a rapper
monkeys kids got right that's not what
you do but who all's life there's a
coach ready to feed everybody down
it's coach Justin champion champion and
all kinds of things oh no he's gonna
beat you guys up for like an hour peace
whoo
coach is put you to work listen
listening but you you listening
yeah sweat I don't Jack it's already
I did it I hooked the camera and onto
the handle in the car I'm not holding
anything
handfree I mean nothing in my hands and
mr. monkeys over there oh not holding
anything and puppies driving and mama be
sitting next to home roll I got it I'm
sorry if it's not like this and it's
like this I'm sorry can't get it perfect
nothing's very perfect my loneliness is
killing me
okay oh very so all right hurry up with
a magic trick let's go okay yeah I got
it I got it it's going in your mouth
coming out your ear
Wow whoa cheated miss monkey
are you okay Phoebe eating the paper
slow clap slow and blown away yes yes
you guys sing better than you do magic
that's a no-no Minami no no so I was
basically mama me every time she thinks
her foods gonna come and it doesn't show
up that's what she says try and marry
her yeah that's mean I wanna marry I'm
gonna one day one day we're gonna get
married okay
you look good Suns afraid you don't say
that because we do you think you're not
married you are mayor we are a whole
family okay who's coming soon time to so
you've been told me you have an accent
it's the American Way
come on what kind of accent do you have
people tell me I have act
I don't hear it I think I speak the
English perfectly you do speak English
is a water molecule H perfectly you do
in fact my voice could be used as the
next Syrian it could be ladies and
gentlemen please keep your arms and ears
inside that's pretty good arms and ears
puns and ears ease right away inside
right please keep your head to be Zinta
just kidding yah yah yah yah
