what are you doing we're getting ready
to take on the brother versus sister
challenge thanks the Kids Choice sports
in the all-new 2018 Chrysler Pacifica
what are you looking at okay guys in
honor of the Kids Choice Sports Awards
we're gonna be doing a brother versus
sister sporty challenge we're gonna have
some times we're gonna figure it out
there's like two or three challenges
that we're gonna do some sporty
challenges okay you guys want to see
this come come over here clean even
notice the TVs yeah they got games and
the TV this is where the challenge is
gonna take place in and around the
Pacifica now check this out there is a
360 camera view Oh check this out this
is our driveway and it's taken a top
view of the actual draw how does it even
do it I think we're gonna have to do a
little dance test okay because I don't
believe that this thing actually works
this like anyhow how can you do go go
for it mom if you go for it she's right
there
what now she's in the Flint she's got
long legs how does that even happen
look at this mommy's just dancing around
yo mamma don't mamma be oh my goodness
yes and there's another option I haven't
seen before and it kind of sucks and
there's a UConnect feeder system with
dual touch screens guys so there's
built-in games and apps you guys can
place when we go on the long rides those
long road trips you guys can play all
kinds of games on the screen I want to
show you my favorite Park okay there's
this
one of the challenges it's gonna consist
of the sunroof I forgot to mention the
winner between brother and sister gets
slimed I'm talking budgets I'm up
talking Nickelodeon slime because of the
challenge we need storage right yeah
right there we're gonna put the balls
right in there second and third row stow
and go seating and storage and I'm gonna
go ahead and store all the balls from
today's challenge all right voila ready
to go what who's ready for the challenge
I picked a nice little backdrop here
ready for the challenge challenge number
one I'm gonna get a bunch of soccer
balls or football they look that's the
food one and what we're gonna do is
we're gonna use a sliding doors one kid
is gonna control it and the other kid is
gonna kick as many bowls as they can
inside the van before the door closes
again and of course these balls are soft
so we don't hurt or dent the car or our
feet to you know see does it hurt right
here's a little example of what the
monkeys are gonna have to do we're gonna
line up the balls mama B is gonna open
the door and I'm gonna try to put as
many as possible into the van before the
door closes
all right monkeys Europe are you ready
all right sister wins first round she
wins what nothing look at this he kicked
the ball and it literally landed on the
spike and it punctured the ball the next
challenge we're gonna be using the Sun
roof you guys are gonna get six chances
to try to throw the ball into the Sun
roof the kid with the most balls in the
Sun roof wings that round okay and while
one kid is shooting the other kid is
trying to distract them okay are you
ready sir yes sir alright you have six
chances to put the ball on the Sun roof
while your sister tries to distract you
got it you guys ready for this
yeah you guys never seen a challenge
like this before never gonna get it in
not one not two
what about it you got it yeah
my name's Jeff and I'm next ready three
two it can't be that hard get ready I'm
on a dunk on these guys right here watch
ready mr. B won that round so now it's a
tie we got to go for the tiebreaker
right now it needs the back help me go
into the second row stow and go storage
area and get the other stuff for the
third round the competition here today
has become quite intense on this lovely
summer day
who will win only time will tell will it
be sister Oh will it be brother okay
this is kind of like a baseball throw
carnival game so we're gonna put these
cups Nickelodeon colored by the way
we're gonna put these cups on the back
but check it out before we do that we're
gonna line up these cups dang hello okay
nobody move the van right now so you're
gonna stand behind this orange line then
you have to throw one ball and knock as
many of those orange cups as possible
okay I got this go
five wait not no six she got six cups
congratulations thank you very much
I'd like to thank my this is not the
Kids Choice Sports Awards just yet so
you can't thank anybody thank you very
much bye we have our next opponent mr. B
so if you hit seven you win and you get
slimed yes but if you hit five you get
slimed than you win six
so what wait a sec we got some
controversy here what's going on here
four five six six so what they tied
tiebreaker
okay guys for this a very special
tiebreaker we are going to use a
football and if you miss it you miss it
the sibling who knocks down the most
cups wins the challenge
she get 10 we got to go to the
microphone we gotta phone guys oh yeah
the built-in vacuum is gonna be doubling
for the microphone today ladies and
gentlemen we had the most epic brother
versus sister sports challenge using the
all-new Chrysler Pacifica mr. B you won
today's a brother versus sister sports
challenge is there anything you want to
say to the people at home yes thank you
so much to the Chrysler Pacifica for
being here for us thank you so much
family for being here to witness my
victory thank you so much I could
probably this away now thank you so much
guys for watching and special thank you
to Nickelodeon and the all-new Chrysler
Pacifica guys stay tuned the Nickelodeon
Kids Choice Sports Awards are coming I'm
gonna leave the details down below for
you guys to check it out and to check
out more on this beautiful vehicle right
here congratulations to the winner okay
it's time to get slimes and mr. B you
said you want to keep a straight face
yes I want to try to keep it as straight
as a face that I can make while I'm
getting slimed this slime is legit yes
legit straight up low-key legit slime
there you go
this is legit slime for safety reasons
I'm gonna have to hold this and you can
you can kind of touch it and like you
can guide it yeah all right ready pull
up pull up
look at this Oh
okay guys Bubba's gonna slime himself
are you guys ready yeah thanks for
watching everybody thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
