you guys asked for it mama B's is gonna
try some bean boozled today she's not
very happy about it but the last time
you try to bean boozled you only had one
jelly bean and it was a good one I can't
remember what flavor you had who wants
to see mama me have at least one bean
boozled no you just want either peach or
vomit mama B please just once she's been
avoiding bean boozled forever
so here you go peach or vomit 50/50
chance 50/50 chance you don't feel you
don't smell like anything chew it oh
come on give her another one no give her
that one alright so today it's a
real-deal bean boozled mama beat Lee
this thing this is like a look at
interruption mr. monkeys gonna pull up
the contraption he's gonna show it for
you see this and it reveals a bean as
you know bean boozled is a variety of
nasty or good tasting jellybeans so for
example you can get stinky socks or
tutti-fruitti and the jelly bean looks
exactly the same or you can get canned
dog food or chocolate pudding because
everybody's asked for you to do bean
boozled we've done it before why why do
you want me to eat this they want you to
have fun mommy and I don't sure
ice-cream sundae a banana sundae what is
that which one is that yes close that is
okay so this beam here kind of looks
like tutti frutti or stinky socks
let's bring the camera closer in here
because I want to see mamma as a
reaction here super tight tutti frutti
or stinky socks ladies and gentlemen go
for it she's picked it out right away
that's the fail she's got actually eat
the bean mama B that was your test that
was a test that was stinky sock okay
there are two beans
this is either juicy pear or booger mama
B yeah this could be juicy pear or
booger or why why not
that is the question
sorry gotta follow the Pooh Bear mama B
how are you you gotta you gotta pyramid
monkey
it's like bro is rejecting it your
throne is rejecting a jellybean how
about your don't be rejecting a
jellybean mama get it down are you
serious because my brain is like wow you
did it it's not on this is a game this
is not a pariah this is again what has
come up show the camera an unfocused
jellybean thank you very much caramel
corn or moldy cheese Oh
moldy cheese or buttery popcorn mama B
why am I the only one eating everything
this is what we're gonna do we're gonna
have four jelly beans either toothpaste
or berry blue which is not a torture mr.
monkey just took the moldy cheese or
buttery popcorn mama B you either have
canned dog food or chocolate or licorice
or skunk spray
mama B's uh bread smells kind of funky I
think she got the skunk spray mr. monkey
where'd you get you got a great in the
glass
she just whipped it across the room and
put it in the bowl Wow
all his life mama beat focus okay okay
let's do four more lawn clippings lon
only line mama B's okay that sounds like
a kid is no monkey oh this could be back
barf or peach you wants barf or peach I
mean Arnie I'll take it you know why
because you guys are all okay this is
ham miss look he's trying to cheat again
she's probably make them all right
stinky stinky skunk or
barf or peach mama be done lots of
things are lying no big deal mr. Lucky's
guys I've had dog food or chocolate
three two one go
it's nice when you get a good one yeah I
got the next one that pops up who's
calling who watch this 20 me do you want
it you're taking it whatever it is Oh
what is the white one
this is either coconut Ruffini like baby
wipes nah that's gross too puffed up
here so you know don't helper
this is either tutti frutti or no this
is undefeat be for bars
moldy cheese or caramel corn or buttery
popcorn or rotten egg oh she's going for
the caramel popcorn or the moldy cheese
all right thanks we have to keep a
straight face on this last one all right
no matter what okay
she called it dad do you pick either
barf or peach or chocolate or pendulums
no these things off by heart is like
really disturbing to me all right
barf or peach for mama or licorice got
to keep a straight face on this last one
ready cool try you skunk spray
these guys have like no idea it's like a
mule like dog food that's what you're
saying yeah you can keep a straight mr.
monkey with the straight Beach ethics
mommy what do you have you had to bark
just like those things that we eat the
larvae larvae
why why why is that what that would
spring another room thanks for watching
everybody because of you mama beat ride
the bean boozled because we bread the
comments and last time we did bean
boozled she wasn't on and she didn't
today she's a trooper thank you so much
whoa stuck straight and if you are gonna
be in Anaheim on June 23 24 25 check us
out at VidCon I'll leave some details
below we're gonna be at VidCon we want
to meet up with you guys we want to
dance we want to what I'll take some
pictures is this gonna be a thing now or
what at least for this video holy breath
