open open oh boy he's get something in
her eye yeah liquid are you ready well
Miss monkeys excited oh wow this is like
an arsenal of makeup it's not that much
Mego that's an arsenal it's not an
artist there's a lot of makeup I borrow
this so much mommy
ladies and gentlemen we present to you
the mother/daughter makeup tutorial
daughter will be doing the makeup on
mother mother
that's the face of being ready all right
let's do this you guys have like wow so
much miss monkey do you know what you're
doing yeah Clark huh okay so miss monkey
here is going to be putting makeup on
mama is this what all women have to go
through when they put on makeup
yes no seriously that's a lot of makeup
not easy to look all by now oh this is
layers of blush voice is the top layer
this is the other layer ah but don't you
guys blush in real life first of all
mama V for the record does not require
any makeup ever Yeah right my father
said if she looks beautiful in the
morning without makeup that's all that
matters
I think stuff like that what basically
it means that she's very beautiful
without makeup anywho we're gonna do a
makeup tutorial and well I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna film and these guys are
gonna actually
all right they're totally into it so
we're just gonna let them do it we're
gonna see what miss monkey comes up with
mmm she watches a lot of makeup
tutorials does miss monkey know what
she's doing I don't know if she does cuz
I don't really let her wear makeup like
I let her wear makeup maybe twice a year
yeah Halloween
I mean Halloween during schools there's
gotta be like a rainy day when we're in
here and there's nothing to do and I'll
pull up my makeup the medical wild
unicorn snot okay it's actually not oh
momma B every girl's dream is to wear
unicorns not handsome that's not what
you didn't say
alright I'm gonna have like one unicorn
snot here hold on let me go do you want
to take a I think I got unicorns not my
I here's the before shot the before
shots beautiful I am very interested to
see what miss monkey is gonna do your
face okay so I just want to see what
this looks like
no woo is a way to go birds to miss mold
oh so the first thing you're gonna do is
we're gonna start off with the bottom to
the top rope that's harder to the top
uh-huh bottom to top I'll start it from
the top and now we're here started from
the top and now why here started from
the top another Hotei there yeah so
we're just gonna put some cover over
nice and so we're gonna grab covergirl
Ready Set gorgeous
Oh for jewels and it's never any other
birds it's um number five oh two five so
all right and that really does matter
does it so what we're going to do is
we're just going to put a little dash
here a little dash here Allen Fisher
over the past year and a little dash and
then what we're going to do is we're
gonna take um oh she looks so divine
we're gonna take one massive possibly
less you wanna beat all these it's so
fun I love these things
this one I like to try and go over once
because you could actually hold on to
the top and like go like this so we're
just gonna blend in our covergirl
what kind of music do you guys want for
this like maybe like magical music you
got it it's a unicorn make up the rail
and so miss monkeys drawing dots on your
face this monkeys now blending this is
gonna be very interesting because I
don't think she's ever done anybody's
makeup so stay tuned it kind of sucked
it's okay I did for Halloween everybody
loved it cuz I was a pirate it was kind
of messy I was four okay
there's no excuse well so far so good
she does not look like a clown or a tree
trunk yo how much cover-up do I need
brown oh she's she's dropping to cover
up the old bra and to make it look like
yeah plastic surgery what world are we
in right now and we're just gonna make a
way down to the bridge of the nose and
whoa
squeezy squeeze next we're gonna grab
our face brush um and we're just gonna
grab a natural color that suits your
face maybe like I'm like a peachy kind
of color and I'm going to grab the
makeup brush where you put color on your
face
like blush up here on the apples of your
cheeks we're gonna what are the apples
of your cheeks people say really
who's the people which people wait I
don't know
they say apples of the cheeks why do you
have glitter on your face that's weird
man
oh that's the bunkie snot what's it
called what do you do you know what's I
shadow right is oh sorry no give me that
ghost look give me the Morticia Addams
please my movies gonna be a power washer
to take this stuff off
okay okay why would she need the
eyebrows make some nice dark full
eyebrows and make them on fleek eyebrows
legal
oh she just licked her she just licked
her finger and oh yeah
weight management grab a wife if you're
gonna be a makeup artist I don't think
you want to lick your clients oh wow
look at that eyebrow that is an eyebrow
yeah it's an eyebrow and a half bra
where the hair is what you can't see
rule number two you cannot tell your
clients that they need to get a wax rule
number one don't lick your clients she
gets right in there she faked her it's
like it's written when she's drying your
eyebrows she it's like right up in your
face man Ranger man she can bite your
nose Wow okay now moving all the way
down to the eyes we're gonna do a nice
smoky eye look so first we're gonna do
the cat eye Oh cat eye yes she
definitely needs cat eye you know a
sharp object um open your eyes
Oh Mauli shading good Johnny
no the guys are wrinkly oh three number
three do not tell them they have wrinkly
eyes yo just do it mama B's eye looks
like a Nike open open Oh boys get
something in her eye
yeah liquid Oh miss monkey sorry that's
okay when you're doing it at the edge
just really not to put so much because
then equals inside the eye oh yeah you
never want to know I never mind
here old number four never blind York uh
try not to blind
your customer you're getting your wings
bumblebee I've never seen Molly with
wings careful here careful
yup moving on to the mascara mascara the
queen of Maybell nene maybelline lash
sensitivity just take it easy on mama
please she's just contouring your nose
mama B that is not perfect no I'm not
dating pretty smart all right art is
never perfect artiste art is what you
great fine actually pretty far and knows
what she looks that's what every girl
wants to hear
look pretty good pretty fine she's a
fierce cat in the wilderness looking for
the squirrel
that's where they look for squirrels not
sure Wow you look like your eyes are
open even when they're closed
are you scared no five never ask your
client if they're scared your eyes can
whoa I'm sorry she's painting you like a
canvas she gets right in your face man
which dude she's getting you like a blue
tinge whoa you're about to look flushed
just don't burp in her face miss monkey
no no that was a fake line was it
unicorn Pole so far miss monkey has done
her eyes for cheeks and fashion
foundations and healer and now she's
gonna contour the magic of contouring so
why do everyone a contour is you're just
gonna got here yo you're pretty close to
my eyes with that pencil you'll weep and
so you can like I don't know if this is
I do but you can go around the crease
yeah well do it on the crease do what
you think is right it's art remember you
do whatever you think is right
give me the gun here so you're going to
take a blender to your nose okay now
your nose is contoured thank you and now
and I'm going to grab this beautiful red
from Revlon rebel on I use a technique
of taking the Revlon and just painting
this on top don't go with that
let's see my movie oh okay now
okay now this is the best part
what do you got there miss monkey when
you put on the unicorn snot
it looks better in the camera alright
now it's time for the unicorns not see
what we're gonna do put it in snot and
then we're gonna go around this side and
this side make it look like a unicorn
don't do them do it
look normal monami oh yeah
unicorns not on fleek eel she's dotting
your face with unicorns is giving me a
beard
no she's giving you a chinstrap she's
covering your face with unicorns not
right now
Hey
so is this are you going for like the
unicorn sneezed on my face look you guys
so mean during this tutorial
oh we're not mean we're not me you're
the ones telling me my eyes are wrinkly
oh she just jammed her finger Rick - the
unicorns not wait a second
waiting the final look that has it the
final look the unicorn snot is literally
like hanging off her face it's now time
for the reveal
yes that looks amazing here we call your
brother mama be your son will now see
you for the first time ever as a unicorn
hi hi are you ready to see your mother
yeah show him your face mama B is that
amazing what do you think is that
supposed to be like that unicorn right
over your head like yeah pretty much as
a as a woman unicorn I sometimes imagine
myself like the people but I know I'll
never be like the people I will always
be a unicorn lady with unicorns not
running down my cheeks huh
better than expected beautiful well done
miss monkey well done yeah y'all
