hot outside supposed to be hot all week
when did you start Oh burring give an
extra phone charger yeah this is
probably like the fastest way to go give
any kids I have two kids they both go
twice a week sometimes three times a
week but they don't really I'm not
really feeling it so I don't we're gonna
do that anymore
a lot of Hooper's have like candies and
things do what kind of GPS to use is
that like their Google Maps what is that
Apple Maps you have any mints how long
is that building been there too big pets
I had a tarantula we call them mr. t my
sister left window opening died please
have a hamster called a hammy
you know what hamsters actually eat
their kids it's crazy you guys gonna let
it rain here do you ever over yourself
you turn the a/c down a bit all right
it's getting hotter Yorkie turn up the
AC of it I don't windows up they're all
up okay is that your full neighbors that
just here at your stage uber name these
windows tinted Oh would you rather have
a peg leg for a kickstand or a hook for
an arcade get out
how's it goin everybody I am in Chicago
today I'm only here for one day I'm
running on zero sleep because I was at
my friend's birthday party last night
which looked like a wedding it was
actually a birthday party
Oh
but I'm here now and I'm here to see my
two really good friends pranaam and mr.
yang
I've made a few videos with them in the
past so I think it's a perfect time for
a compilation video how do you say
forget that person in Korean
Shinyoung call yo girl
Shinyoung cool how do you say about a
week ago hundreds on it hun - Janet turn
it how do you say what are those in
Korean yeah well that's a no joke
coochi down to the sack like a how do
you say don't lie to me thank God your
mouth
no was I like this all that why are you
like this give it up look at Aris look
at them and now off to see my good old
buddies
ladies and gentlemen welcome to Chicago
mr. yang everybody he was at my wedding
you were there pranaam was there I'm
gonna show you some pictures of the
wedding for sure okay I'm gonna put some
pictures up if I can find them if I
can't find the pictures of the wedding
that it'll just meet me pointing at
nothing we gotta do some more Korean
words whose squad goals wish pronounce
is pronounced um where this is your
first time seeing this vlogging camera
it is this is it very nice thank you
very much for now you're my roommate
tonight yeah do you snore prevent
separate beds I do not snore mm sonority
thumbs oh he thunders they said it was a
top floor I think they lied this is
worth every the best is that like it
just moves perfectly with their mouths
y'all have an incredible day it's the
simple joke
Truman simple choice all it takes just
laugh your butt off I where where have I
been
these three days that I missed Chewbacca
mom pranaam is actually taking me out to
eat Indian food we are going to India
house India House Indian food two nights
in a row I was at a friend's birthday
party and it was as big as a wedding
well you know the party you said those
the size of a wedding that's a relative
thing so as a size of a western wedding
it wasn't a size of an Indian wedding
what do you mean an Indian wedding is
like a thousand people were there a
thousand people out this more no there
weren't a thousand people there must be
like 200 people right so that's a
western wedding the Indian weddings are
like a thousand people
a thousand people go to Indian weddings
there were like 700 people at my wedding
do you know 700 people
no I didn't know like any like 10 people
at that wedding okay so we made a teeny
house
that's gonna clear my sinuses you feel
like African a little bit later all
right what's this this is a jobiess goat
curry this is the chicken tikka masala
chicken tikka masala nice good color
right everyone chicken tikka masala
dicka dicka we are back from a night on
the town eating Indian food and looking
at skylines print off that is your bed
for tonight it's moving my bed this is a
boil counterweight on the couch um see
if it's a coil okay I can't touch a
velvet you have allergies velvet creeps
me out
what yeah I can't touch you velvet I
must be the only one who can't touch it
all but it gives me the creepies it
gives me like sheep you never had like a
velvet velour tracksuit when you were
younger I've never had a velvet I had a
velvet couch when I was a kid like you
ever have had like a it's like the
weirdest I get a QB jeebies there's
gotta be at least one more person that
feels weird when they touch velvet oh
yeah oh it's already made okay cool oh
okay I feel way better about this whole
situation with with Abed it's time to
call it a night sleep tight
if you snore tonight I will smother you
with a pillow so if you snore pretend
you're snoring
yah yah yah yah
