hey guys you know what time it is it's
time to scare mama B I mean it's time
for you to play another fun and
educational game the whole scaring thing
we're not trying to scare you we're just
trying to introduce you to built the
whole gaming world so you guys in the
comments have been asking mama to play
granny your dreams have come true and
she's gonna play granny yes not scary at
all from on a scale of 1 to 10 how scary
is that game um maybe like well it's a
mobile game so it can't be that scary
yeah okay you guys know granny cuz
you've asked for it but basically you're
trapped in granny's house and you have
to escape the house without granny
stopping you yeah does she give me
cookies I don't believe that
wait that gives you cookies in form of a
baseball bat are you ready to play yes
all right let's go get out of there you
only have five days all you need is in
the house and be quiet she hears
everything and granny is crazy good luck
you have five days use headphones for
best experience
I'm gonna stand back here okay all right
do you want a one get surprised five
days of granny okay so you're waking up
that's a depressing looking room yeah
so there's your joystick so put your
thumb on there and you can move forward
right and you can tab things when you
get up to something you can open the
door go back and look once you get up to
that you can click on that I'm gonna get
under it so what if grandma comes you
can hide under the bitch you won't see
you good luck mommy how this music is
really really bad okay so should I get
out you could get out of the road just
keep an eye out on Grant on granny do
you hear anything to your yeah what
could get him to the bed get into the
bed back in the bed okay - I have to
leave his house closer to the door yeah
it's a lot it's locked
he need to find a key no maybe there's a
key in there so walk in there and try to
open it there you go open it up yeah my
heart see if you can open the door now
yeah there you go can now get out of
there look around see if grandma's
around use your other thumb to look
around there you go that's not fair
grandma so you're getting used to the
controls now yeah you gotta get up to
the door there you go there okay no
there's got to be a way you can get out
okay there wait just wait just wait is
she coming Oh
she's upset mm-hmm don't come out yeah
just wait till she leaves oh oh she put
a bear trap how do you how do you get
away from the bear trap she really
doesn't like the mess you left to bear
traps she put two bear traps down do you
hear this okay now you can get up okay
you got to go quietly though my hands
are so sweaty that is slipping from my
hands right here yeah you're something
to your walking
see you in the bathtub no I'll be back
watch those bear traps what is she doing
she don't want to go this thing I don't
know I think you're really faster than
okay right now okay granny's leaving
okay okay okay Shh should I get
downstairs she's really upset okay
where's she going where she just put the
traps
she put the traps I'm gonna crawl is she
there yo man that trap is right there
I'm gonna get out of here I'm gonna get
out here looking she's upstairs I need
to get out of here I got chills man bird
not a bird a bell a Bell Bell yo how do
I get out of here let me get it let me
go through here
locked I hear that door I hear that door
your waiking and waiking I go oh okay
she left the door open
okay you can't tell if she's going up or
down the stairs I'm aware she goes I'm
going downstairs man I'm going upstairs
oh good as there's a good man here man a
bell ringing oh no I'm not gonna go down
there well when I close the door I'm
gonna close Dorn hi is she coming down
I'm hiding in the closet should I open
the door no don't do it come on open the
door you're walking around what's that
what's that oh okay I had enough of this
game was that better or worse than
Slenderman I think it was worse actually
it was this was worse you're it's like
you're hiding and they're there and
you're holding your breath because you
feel like you don't want to make a sound
because you don't want them to hear you
was it worse than Baldy no Baldy was
scarier actually yes this is worse this
was worse than involving granny
Slenderman Baldy Wow Oh five nights at
Freddy's a long time ago guys check it
out she played five nights at Freddy's
also a long time ago thank you guys
thank you for watching thank you for for
being here with Mama B and mr. B guys
check out his channel I'm gonna link him
as well he does a lot of gaming baking
singing his all kinds of cool stuff
thank you guys for watching if there's
another game that you want mama B to
play baby wait corns and rainbows and
Care Bears yes
no probably probably not I don't think
they have unicorns or Care Bear games
thanks for watching guys thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
