today I am making my world-famous six
layer nacho dip this dip is so good and
such a hit at parties that I have
actually been proposed to by men who
have eaten this dip you never told me
that there's a lot of things I don't
tell you what else don't you tell me
don't worry about it dip it a dip dip
dip it and dip dip dip it dip dip dip
Oh dip it and dip dip dip it and dip dip
dip six-layer dip that rhymes
all right isn't your book right there oh
I'm gonna sell that on eBay
there's no reason there's no money
there's a menu to a restaurant today you
are making your famous six layer dip
what are the main ingredients in the six
layer dip so you have one break of cream
cheese with half a container of sour
cream
finely diced red and green pepper green
onions diced tomatoes salsa and grated
cheddar cheese if you have one of these
great I have this beautiful dish that is
from Portugal or throw this is the dish
that I like to present when I go to the
parties are gonna have people over kind
of a medium sized tree yeah are they
like baking dishes yeah okay I'm just
asking mama be just nasty
why honey because you have so this is
layers so we're gonna layer this dish so
that when you scoop it up it's all like
six layers that you're gonna see a pink
madness the bottom layer is one brick of
cream cheese now this has been left out
on the counter really a few hours so
it's nice and soft so you can work with
it I will check it and see if it's soft
it's a very soft my cream cheese a brick
wall brick this is how lazy I can be
when I make this okay
Oh what is that I pop it like that with
half a container now you can do it in a
bowl and beat it and be real
fancy and all that stuff like this is
how easy this can be so half a container
of sour cream okay that looks like about
half a container does Mavi measure no no
mama B does not measure no so now I'm
gonna do this
mm-hmm right and this is how lazy I'm
gonna make this because recipes that are
amazing that tastes good but also
they're super easy I don't want like
complicated stuff work smart not hard
that's right so you got your first layer
that you're working on right now here is
my first layer cream cheese and sour
cream you can't go wrong I don't think
you can ever go wrong with cream cheese
and sour cream know any special utensils
yeah a fork basic it's a bicycle even
you can make it alright to me that's
especially utensil okay look at that
I did it with a fork is a fancy beater I
didn't go all like gourmet gourmet would
have been a fancy spreading device
anyone can cook do you need an app to
make this no no I
whoa first layer finish first layer
finish okay layer number two what's that
Mama B I like to use red and green you
can use yellow orange peppers whatever
you want I love red and I love green
peppers all right
wash the peppers yeah and chop the
peppers is there a special technique to
chopping peppers Oh take out the core
okay I do it and the label you don't
want anything I think you can actually
eat the label and you won't get sick I
read I find the label in my food
someone's going down the internet told
me that I can actually eat those labels
and nothing's gonna happen you should
believe everything on the Internet
okay and with the help of YouTube magic
you have a very cute chopping face can I
kiss you while you try get in the
chopper okay whoa chopping skills look
at these beautiful colors three colors
red pepper green pepper not chopped
large chop it rather small because it's
a dip right so you don't want honking
big piece yeah you have a giant piece of
absolutely not get that crunchiness from
the pepper the texture it's a medley of
textures and actually in maybe your
penis from the sour cream and the cream
cheese spread it on top mm-hmm
second layer layer Newman induce
beautiful very beautiful red pepper done
hey we're twins special technique you
just spread the peppers now you can use
your wet fingers to spread it out okay
make sure it's nice and even mm-hmm
there you go layer two finito you need
go all right
bonito layer three the green onions ah
look at the pieces right I like it like
that if you like it smaller make it
smaller you like it bigger make a bigger
do whatever you wanna do the kitchen is
all about creativity right and whatever
you like and if you want to add other
layers you can
yeah like skittles you can make it a ten
layer you can add olives if you want to
bongos you can add it to welcome only
but little bean dip a layer of beyond
refried beans refried beans whatever you
want avocado yeah it's just I don't like
to add avocado because it gets brown and
I like my avocado green there it is
I'm gonna stop there spread it spread it
and forget it
spread it I promise you the taste is
amazing
layer 3 complete complete Oh complexion
sour cream cream cheese green red
peppers green onions and now layer 4
layer 4 foam opposite vegetables or
fruits with the tomato hmm tomato's a
fruit
hello Christmas tree mr. monkey is
tomato a fruit or vegetable you're right
an apple a fruit or vegetable
Wow
you're smart is there any baking
involved there's no baking in the woods
Wow
you have a baking dip I do Oh let us
know in the comments if you guys want to
see a baking dip and that one has Hannah
Daniels how come you've never made me
that oh it smells so good
are you kissing it no no see the size of
the tomatoes about the same as the
peppers you don't want it too big and
you don't want it too small because if
it's too small it's weird weird never
dies your tomatoes too small because
it's weird here spreading them evenly
yeah on the layer so I had one big
tomato I thought I might need to but
turns out I don't one is the loneliest
number that you'll ever see when you're
making a dip only one tomato is all
you'll ever need
layer four complexion we got layers on
layers next is salsa salsa salsa
so I use mild for the kids mild because
they're wimps and that's why I don't put
jalapenos in this if you want you can
make another layer of kind of it's not
everything they do is child friendly but
I have jalapenos for the side we got
some jalapenos in English is jalapenos
jalapenos jalapenos
jalaja nose so spread it nice nice nice
nice this feeds 85 people this feeds a
lot of people like you bring this to a
get-together you say oh I can bring me
up at this and you bring this sweet and
layer six ladies and gentlemen is the
grated cheese mommy can I help you
please well have a brick of cheese
basically enough to spread the top of
the sauce on any special technique
degrading don't cut yourself
if you chopped tomato too small it's
weird and don't cut yourself from your
grating cheese my goodness what's the
special occasion mom'll be like life
that's the best special occasion ever
breathing that's it there it is oh the
six layer dip bye mama B we need lights
these little lights don't do any justice
to this wonderful six layer dip make
sure you don't run out of nacho chips
bring enough nacho chips to the pot
change it so there's multigrain chips
that I like there's these ones I like
the scoopy ones yeah you can get a lot
of stuff in there
the scoopy nachos are mama B's favorite
when she's making her famous nacho dish
is that your layer dip dance clear layer
layer dip layer layer layer dip hose now
layer layer and dip
after a while
there it is the layer dip dance mr.
McGee you excited join take your TC your
brother leer defense the layer dip
ladies and gentlemen boys and boy and
girl mommy is now presenting you her
world-famous a six layer dip oh snap you
didn't see what you like oh now I know
why you like the little cookie things to
low-fat sour cream amazing mmm let me
know if you guys try this dip let me
know what you think in the comments and
let me know if you want me to show you
how to make my other tip that include
refried beans and jalapenos doesn't
anyone feed these kids
nobody feed these kids around here
thanks for watching if you guys make a
dip of your own make sure you guys tweet
us Instagram us tag us with a picture
we'd love to retweet it and see your
creation
anything else monkeys that's it mr.
monkeys done I'm eating these nachos
yeah yeah haha yeah yeah
