talk Spanish to me
no yes my name is Maria Bonita Graciela
Karolina Sabina Fernandez ila Manuela
página oh you're ready to hear you have
a soldier yeah yeah yeah see I told you
to listen to me fall down mama be
alright no officer of course come back
to me please laughs sir please come back
come back
officer please guess what happened today
I don't want to guess no no guess no
just tell me come on
just guess what happened uh I don't feel
like playing this game no seriously
guess what happened no you know what I
don't want to get yeah where'd you learn
how to drive get the home buddy oh
well is yeah what's that Jane that's all
apart see ya why should driving so slow
coño schita l'amore
cave wall la to suprise th e da boom
bikini TV wave fighting off any cheetah
Oh be kidding me no Anna funny you say
to con me call me sue Levine esta parte
Oh buzzy bee suit oh come take a day so
severe oh come dear hello so oh no no
Nancy stop you here
yeah yo ha ha
yeah y'all
