all right mommy as soon as we finished
our road trip the next day we're off to
a youth discoverability summit we're
gonna be doing a keynote speech here
mommy's ready she's gonna do all the
talking hello I think it's really
important to talk to me
you can tomorrow have you ever done the
keynote speech before in on stage before
we've done a few things I think you I
think you have lots of a lot to share I
think so
mommy we're gonna wire it up well I feel
like I'm in a boy band we're gonna talk
to the youth
who wants to get crazy for Monday
there's a dad who's got down there we go
there we go what what this is like the
best Monday morning when you go to
school that was fun mama B that was
super fun
it literally seemed like five minutes he
went out there we've talked about all
our craziness let me do the rap yeah we
do forever yeah I think so I mean I
realize that today wait a nice random
dance party to liven up the mood on
Monday morning I just it is
I believe children
other words that song after being on the
road for two weeks this is always worth
a because we love to speak and to share
our story so yeah cheers oh it was fun
I'll make sure the wolf knowledge I get
out right there right there the Marquis
focus there we go oh snap and we got to
make sure we get home for the monkeys
because they're coming home from school
they're going to be very tired always
worth it baby with you Linda never wears
berserk and I'm gonna make a burger
when you do something you love it's
never work though right I threw up in my
banana line hi miss Mikey hi how was
your first day back at school school
good yep
means i'm wasabi peas no it's not thanks
I'm gonna burn my mouth right now
chewing gum that was stuck with gum and
wasabi peas so did your friends miss you
yeah he did I don't think so what
mombi's got laundry for days
oh mama B I'm gonna help you just as
soon as I finish recording I promise
there's like a pile to like freshen up
that we didn't wear but was in the
luggage so we freshen it up and then
there's a pile to wash there's clothes
everywhere it's all over the place we
had so many luggages we were gone for
two weeks but now we're back Christmas
tree I missed you so much oh you're
never coming down mr. monkey
the middle are you practicing your
little flying skills here whoa that's
awesome
so did your friends miss you at school
yes very much awesome I said hi to the
kids for you we did we did a thing today
we did a thing today at the school I
said we did a thing today it was like a
Youth Summit and all the kids say hi
okay I'm gonna leave because monkeys the
monkeys gonna torture me here with this
let's see vegan landed on the camera
okay can you lend it like right on the
thing that's like the ultimate test
right there okay that was really close
he was within inches yeah so miss monkey
you might be singing a song at your
local talent show is it like a talent
show well yeah Driving Miss a talent
show a school talent show okay so what
you gonna sing so this is the crazy part
there's about 180 people in total 120
students auditioned and about 25 to 30
will be chosen and I'm gonna sing a part
of like I'm gonna lose you buy a new
trainer featuring John Legend oh yeah
that I sang at the audition
alright give us a little give us a
little uh a little taste okay I found
myself dreaming on silver and gold like
a scene from a movie that every broken
heart knows they're walkin on moon
like and you pulled me close split
second and you disappeared and then I
was a flaw all woke up in tears you by
my side breath everything then I
realized no we're not promised tomorrow
sing it babies oh yeah my best friend
she plays the piano so for the talent
show
she played the theme song of Star Wars
on the piano she played the song of Star
Wars yeah as soon as she started the
song no you say way too much better
friend we are back at home and it feels
good until next time we're gonna be
traveling a bit in June so stay tuned
for that we're gonna be going away and
we're going to VidCon so if you guys are
in California
VidCon I'll leave some details down
below we'd love to see you at VidCon I
miss my house I miss my bananas I miss
my come on with the laundry ok yah yah
yah
