you know llamas spit right
good morning Dallas morning down
good morning Dallas good morning cat
jumpsuit wow you are looking all country
bumpkin beautiful day oh she's ready for
the Southfork Ranch I'm about his least
country bumpkin cowboy as possible I'm
wearing plaid shorts of sneakers and a
golf shirt oh we're going to a ranch
we're going to sell for granted on a
famous ranch when I was a kid it was a
show called Dallas and it was on the
Southfork Ranch big part of it was so
that's what we're going today monkeys a
real Texas ranch I don't know another
really cool video
guys we made the Southfork Ranch you
like my cowboy hat he looks like he
can't think after you met him Wow
I got myself a cowboy hat I felt like I
was it I was out of place so I got me I
still got my shorts though Dallas baby
funky funky punk Japan mr. monkeys a
little cowboy come on oh you look
beautiful on that for
this way this way I know you want the
hey but turn around left left left
thank you he's looking at me like
beautiful day you guys ready for some
barbecue mm-hmm oh yeah Mama's gonna be
the llamas okay that's how I feed llamas
I don't know about dick in my hand near
an animal's mouth I just I can't I can't
I will do this and then I will do that
and then run away my llama don't like
you and he doesn't really like me you
know llamas spit right over here the
Longhorns the Longhorns are charging
where are they gonna are they can they
chop the fence wowwwww Texas Longhorn I
heard that that really big one Papa
pentakill two weeks ago whole snap this
means I'm leaving see ya
okay so that's the baby in appearance so
if you mess with this guy you mess with
the bull you get the horns that's where
that's where they get the whole term
from hello Cal both baby bull yeah
we're inside the mansion of the
Southfork Ranch there was a famous show
halo called Dallas and this was the
famous house on the show yeah and you're
gonna have Texas meal you have some
chicken get some ribs and beans brisk
it's that's brisket I think that's a
risk it right yeah
crispy chicken oh my goodness Wow looks
amazing I really like my friendly is to
nobbler yeah in the South is so weak but
life is sweet on me life is sweet and
now we're off to a tour of the Dallas
house when he's never that awesome wow
wow they got wallpaper on the ceilings
this door is like took a square door
mirror on mirror very iconic chandelier
is it yeah from the show
so that's the scene is that the same guy
tape dot not real died for who died jr.
that's the room why is that broken how'd
that happen
I mean I know forensic scientists but
what happened that this thing broke over
here and he ended up dying over there he
grabbed it did he try to pull on someone
was looking for something because you
could tell that that drawer was open if
he's a father from step by step oh who
was he at the ship oh I don't know James
lang back though he was jr. son I
believe so yeah ingeras mom yeah okay
well we're gonna have to all Google this
Miss America right there oh no come with
me your mama she's trying to destroy me
whoa this would be my room I'd wake up
in the morning and I say hello be
divorcees hey baby boy see there's like
a view of like baby horses look at this
view guys you got some Texas Longhorns
you got some Texas baby horses and you
got some Texas llamas over there
somewhere
hey we have a little Texan person
checking her Facebook how to partner
monkeys a little sleepy after a big meal
wake up so ready you look so glamorous
than these like cowboy settings
glamorous that is a cool bathroom this
is it guys the Southfork Ranch in Dallas
what an awesome time we got to finish
this with a dance party guys a country
cowboy cowgirl dance party let's do this
you
whoa that's a wrap yeah y'all ha ha yeah
y'all
