welcome to Nashville
nobody cowgirl where's your cowboy
brother
mama B where are we now we are going to
the Grand Ole Opry and Ole Opry
the monkeys are all jacked out let's go
with
got your earrings mr. monkey how you
doing you got your cowboy hat and your
cowboy boots
Wow memory man gotta represent Nashville
Tennessee be you are in Nashville you
gots to represent
every mercy for you guys right here
everybody on Blake Shelton backstage
show that my country music finest Grand
Ole Opry wow so much history inside to
the Grand Ole Opry we're going to cut
through an auditorium so get ready here
it is we are the world's longest-running
live radio show
Wow now we will come back here at the
very end let's just go ahead and kick
back okay I don't know what hurts erase
what so we're going backstage
right now to where all the big country
stars like oh my goodness apart Blake
Shelton guys we're taking you with us
officially backstage the boots and the
people that walked show tonight this is
our what we called the band cave this is
where our full half band is getting
ready for tonight there's a stage right
there
so now we're going through the entrance
of the stars the country stars I come
through here they they park their own
cars and then they come through this
entrance here that we're going to be
walking through right now and they go
right on inside and they don't have they
don't have soundcheck
no no sound check they just get on stage
they play plug and play the fountain of
mini pearl from hee haw it's amazing
well and this is the entrance this is
where she would drive up to Hey yeah
O'Malley parking there's no valet
parking
no the park girl come on in and perform
no rehearsal no rehearsals plug and play
that's so awesome you're my star oh
thank you mommy you're my star thank you
Miss monkey is this amazing thank you
sir
thank you sir nice boots so this is
really fan Milka this is where all the
fan mail comes the Keith Urban 196 right
here yeah there's 196 I liked Sheldon's
at 176 Dolly's at 163 right there and
who gets the most fan mail um probably
people I like Blake Shelton but a lot of
the older artists get a lot of mail as
well there's there's Bentley Rascal
Flatts they were just here on Tuesday oh
so you just can't try to get a gig at
the offer you actually receive a formal
invitation to make your Opry debut here
in this will be your dress
so everyone has stated this from at
least one Oh with military around and
fundraisers this is the duets room yes
this would be our room we'd have to get
invited first yes and we'd go to the
first room and then we become these big
stars and then what we have to be big
stars get invited first yeah to do it so
yeah that would be the room if we were
ever famous country singers move do it a
headliner of the night think about it
monkeys Carrie Underwood sits right
there
the women of country the women of
country
alright are you guys ready for the stage
yes you guys ready you guys ready for
the stage
guys you're on the famous circle right
now
Wow
that's amazing mama B you are standing
on history and when they come to sing
their family their relatives sit behind
here oh they do yeah where is a lot of
Tears that happen
oh so the family sits on in the pews
right so the relatives don't sit out
there they say ah the family sits back
here and the first time for their first
performance there's a lot of Tears that
happened back here because they're so
proud yeah
they're so proud of all that hard work
amazing thank you to the people the
grand ole opry house thank you so much
for having us here as always we will
take you everywhere we go and show you
as much as possible because we love you
guys they're getting ready for the
concert oh my goodness they're gonna
have look I'm sure czar getting ready
for the Wow
monkeys how does this field monkeys come
over here how do you feel right now
being on the stage you're at harvest do
you know that song yeah you do
that's amazing
hoedown showdown
does that feel amazing we don't wanna
leave history mommy touch these streets
everybody said your street touch history
would your cowboy boots
you
howdy to you are you a country bumpkin
Jesus country bumpkin
this is history this is like the home of
country music this is like the the
symbol of when hard work pays off yeah
when you work hard and you do something
that you love and you make it to the
grand ole opry house that's it that's it
your family your family and you made it
this is where you've made it yeah we
want to say a special thank you to
Brooke for taking us on this incredible
tour of the Grand Ole Opry House thank
you for all the information for all the
history one of the best days ever thank
you so much you so much Rosaleen your
gloves on back anytime we'd love to have
you and we just want to thank everyone
from flonase for bringing us on this
greater American road trip it's been
amazing and the experience is going to
continue because we're off to another
part of America every day is spectacular
every day how are they gonna top this
and they've been always there every
single day they always do the rest go
thank you
I'll never forget in the room
experiences these are memories that will
last forever for us oh yes thank you
thank you to our family out there for
joining us on this
lucky someone dozen guys you've enjoyed
seeing what we've seen and going behind
the scenes on all these incredible
places thank you and we will and we will
try to post every single day with every
experience that we have we love you we
love you and we lost our children
that was a good show that was a good
show high-five how's the great shows
great show
that's a kitchen great chef a great show
miss Mikey great show great job to brown
let's wrap yeah yeah
