mama B because you're my doll I got you
the most thoughtful gift I could find
doll heads
yes y'all I would like doll head they're
vintage don't let me they're vintage
doll heads tell me what am I gonna do
with these they're part of history do
you still have the receipt ladies and
gentlemen we are at the Nashville flea
market I lovely mile of flea market love
me a good deed I heard this is like a
huge flea market that there's all kinds
of cool stuff on here so we're doubling
at a look at celebrities come here a lot
of celebrities come here so we will do
some celebrity spotting you never know
are you guys excited to look for some
goodies yes
oh I'm sure there's lots of goodies here
kind of goodies you looking for miss
monkey earrings this is all those cute
mammoth cave earrings there's some
mammoth earrings
ma'am fairness this is our RV guys this
is it's a massive RV it is sponsored by
flonase colones is allergy relief and
mr. monkey and this monkey have crazy
allergy so it was a perfect road trip to
team up with flonase I don't we're gonna
do like a challenge video today I'm not
sure yet maybe find like the weirdest
thing the coolest I don't know item from
the flea market what do you think you
guys tell us who found the craziest or
coolest item from this flea market this
is some really cool stuff here Hey hey
there how there a Blair
so much colorful stuff here oh there she
is oh so good here already everything
smells amazing everything smells like
corn dogs food socks yes you can't go to
flea market not buy like eighty four
thousand socks funnel cakes cheese
steaks cheese fries Polish sausages corn
dogs get corn dog okay so this is a some
people call it flea markets some people
call it heaven okay I lost my family
already yes
you know what's dangerous is that we
have an RV right over there that we can
actually fill up with stuff so mama B's
already on the sock sock game yes the
one thing about flea markets is they
have the best socks it's like the thread
count is higher at a flea market for
some reason nothing better than a nice
fresh pair of socks bag what did you
find all this furniture cleaning
furniture I have a feeling mama B's
gonna buy everything at the flea market
today it's been a minute and a half and
mama B already wants to buy everything
charity monster by the trailer full of
furniture oh boy we're gonna need a
bigger truck how much do you think
Mama's gonna buy today a lot
she's like a flea market freak she is
she doesn't stop
you have wrestlers I used to play with
so many of those when I was a kid oh my
goodness look at all these guys now you
know where they end up these are called
toys toys they don't require Wi-Fi
connection or an app just imagination
mr. monkey you would have all the farm
animals in here
and you would open it up here this is
what I used to play this in as a kid Wow
brings back memories oh my goodness
and then you pull that baby we pull it
with the string right
and then it makes advisable yeah
Oh Mama's getting nostalgic don't cry
because your eyeliners gonna start
bleeding Chatty Cathy that's old-school
right there do you know that is Shaggy
that's right the pants man listen hello
little girl
this is not creepy at all
she's a week she's gonna cry man she's
gonna I know she won't she loves you I
love her I love you I will heart oh my
goodness
Wow all right if I didn't feel like
sleeping tonight anyways I just lost my
love for dolls this is the cookbook then
my mom had when I was a little girl oh
yeah this is the cookbook she used to
teach me how to cook No
are you serious good host
cookbook
she used to teach you how to cook with
that book mama B's getting very very
emotional mommy
I don't know if we should keep walking
here because it's gonna be a lot of
memories here mommy oh wow
oh that's cool before like motorized fat
like batteries on the vehicles you guys
could sit in there you could just like
use the pedals yeah you just want to buy
everything
look at these cameras hey guys this
monitor today we're at the official
Nashville flea market today we're gonna
buy all sorts of cool stuff everything
around
you would like this and do that that's
your easy monkey what careful there's
just children around no whiz yes
absolutely let's do it
my little boy except on his iPad and
watches your videos after he gets out of
school that's what he does like he puts
a little earphones on any just want to
share videos oh thank you much well we
like your down our new RV's right here
look at that dead people's things that's
what they should call flea markets this
RVs equipped with air conditioning and
everything the broken-hearted me first
thing that I've been lately
a who I wanna be but stand there at the
inside me no no no no no I'm Nana nanana
God gave me you for the ups and down Oh
young gaming you for the days of death
Wow and when I think I lost my way there
are no words he left to say it's true
God gave me you that's just sweet why
don't you love being scary look at the
babies all Dibley and stuff with the
arms and salt jacked up is this is this
that weird angle yeah it's got the seat
that's a leg joint to show oh yeah that
is like oh this may be the creepiest
doll at the fair what do you think guys
I'm keeping it in my room hahaha
keep your milk boy because it'll steal
all your teeth when you're sleeping the
next cool thing there's some barrels
eyes tables those are cool I wouldn't
want to have those in my house cuz I'm
not a pirate oh cool this is made out of
oh I thought this was made out of Lego
but it's actually made out of carpet
okay look at this like who would want
this I don't know what year this was
made in but like it's not my year look
at this this guy's creepy you're gonna
haunt your dreams hi kids I'm gonna
haunt your dreams mr. monkey you make
the best videos oh thank you very much
rather than you thank you so much take
care old schoolroom Oh
be 42b 2311 that old oh that one that
one's got a chore for you what I had
when I was looking at you the other
one's looking for you I know how to tell
you know what a telephone is this is
called a telephone so when I was your
age I would use a telephone and I had to
actually do that state yeah and you have
to start all over again
you made a mistake giver oh oh they
don't know honey you don't know how to
use the phone of course in a sea of
antiques mr. monkey finds technology no
what is this it's technology what
happened you just get burners under the
lamp furnace brand in my forehead
how you wear it I think so it does that
it's a necklace
okay monkey are you ready to see the
creepiest dolls in the fair yes they're
like literally on a podium
these are definitely one two and three
creepiest doll heads at the flea market
this is really just dull head sitting on
a Oh behind like hair in it I gave me
puede si por que no where paparesta
muñeca que pasa aquí que no i cuerpos
protonic a raro que se so they're
selling two heads man our Connie pasa la
cabeza de ver de la cabeza algo le pasa
la cabeza la gente Sun rose hi porky
lira visto son predict yeah
