alright guys we know how much you guys
love it our last tiny hands challenge so
today the ladies are gonna be battling
each other in the tiny hands makeup
challenge with extra kisses you guys are
gonna do each other's makeup we have a
lipstick mm-hmm and may I just add these
colors are chosen by papa can you please
do a close-up of the little colors you
chose because the ladies are gonna love
this so I chose these lip colors because
they're super beautiful and super bright
I've seen this on Instagram they're
gonna be using this Wonder stick which
is like a contour so you guys are gonna
like draw lines around your faces and
contour your cheekbones and your back in
my day makeup would take two minutes to
put on because you just lipstick it
around with all this contouring
mumbo-jumbo makeup now takes two hours a
little fan brush for your brow bone
there used to be a way to put on eye
shadow but I found these sticks that you
can actually draw eyeshadow on your face
and they're glittery
and of course blush everyone needs to
look like they got slapped in the face
are you ready for the makeup challenge
yes with your tiny hat let's get this
thing started can I do Mama's makeup
first sure okay this one or this one
which one's better oh oh oh what I want
any perfect how's it going
Oh my teeth you got some on my teeth
girl
fix me see I have to make a fine line it
can't be just like straight up play Wow
very harsh she's pretty accurate you
know go and now in whoo huh oh she's
just licked a tiny hen oh no she did it
again okay look at me I don't think
that's what makeup artists do now it is
my turn to put lipstick on my daughter
and of course I am choosing this bright
pink little lady right here now look at
little psycho take it no psycho
this is really hard
however did you do this so well Oh
Valley perfect this one's called the
wise service hey beautiful
next round we have some contour smidgens
generation maybe they got away with the
white sneakers just wear white sneakers
with everything even fancy dresses but
that contouring come on do we really
need this yes if you know how to contour
I'll give you ten dollars I know how to
contour and you just like contour the
lines and then you like blend it and
then you click anywhere on the face
right here on your cheeks and on your
nose and on your chin pull you can make
a chimp bull you can make a chimp oh
yeah but not in the middle ekat that
contouring lady tsunade's yes on the
casita Domenico Sita hey you're really
good at this I know she's contouring
your head what and we're gonna make that
jawline fine
I have a friend who's a jawline that is
freakin right angle it's like whoa whoa
would you like to work a little close
home actually yeah would great saris
from Hamilton but there's a process you
can't just use it right out of the box
you have to wet it get the wet it wait
no they're gonna call you blender face
after this because your face may look
like it went through a blender well
mommy's lips are on fleek now that's
some blending going on oh she's doing a
little choppy chop to your face
wax on wax off okay turn please oh yeah
cheekbones they can do that chopping
motion again is out of style really stop
don't you want me to dad no how old does
a person have to stop daddy 20 what 20
2014 in the comments at what age should
people stop dabbing what is the cutoff
age for daddy 90 what did she do is
she's doing the pawn pot on your face
it's actually looking pretty good I
think I don't I don't know what it's
supposed to look like like okay
contouring and your lipstick and now
it's my turn
of course you don't need make-up no this
is just for fun just for fun everybody
calm down I seriously don't know how you
do this oh yeah no those are some cheap
oh she's giving you the chimp oh oh
she's gonna contour your nose too
oh she's an artist she's gonna get your
radii
what are you contouring her nostrils Oh
adjustment I was that let me know if I'm
hurting you with that plastic an okay
you're excited aping that's good yeah no
I think it's perfect
oh this is beautiful look at that that
contouring is incredible yeah okay so I
worked it in here on the apples of her
cheeks and then I bring it under mmm Wow
look at that form
what is going on here I'm using this is
highlighter Oh candy make slime with
tiny hands let us know in the comments
if you want to see us make slime with
our tiny hands boy
where's the lunch it don't you dare stop
ways to qualified so because could you
fill mucuna prefer let's say y'all
related to we I get my man Jimmy pen
Gabi not see that Wow recycle recycle
thank you for recycling
that feels very nice it's so make it is
beautiful beautiful when I say yeah any
nice when I pray you normally do I'm
gonna do sort of like a smokey eyed wing
so I'm gonna make it oh my gosh like
here and then just makeup I'm gonna kind
of outline it then make away my homeboy
good luck so I'm gonna first outline it
and then I'm gonna color and white
literally holding my breath you might
want to close your eyes for that I don't
know why your eye was open their
parachutes seriously go to a restaurant
like this now it's my turn
I might make you anything so take these
broken wings and learn to fly
take these Berkeley out
time for the reveal ladies three two one
oh my goodness you are beauties
okay guys thank you for watching let us
know in the comments down below who won
today's tiny hands makeup challenge was
it mama beanie or the Miss B we're just
being girl thermistors one at response
wanna just water I don't even want to
know what's going on here thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
