good morning Louisville Louisville
Louisville Louisville so we are in
Louisville Kentucky what a cool city and
we are probably staying at the coolest
hotel I've ever seen
we also had some crazy shenanigans with
penguins we just stole the penguin I'm
never taking into jaemin's room be cool
be cool be cool
don't make any sudden movements heat we
don't need any heat guys good ok ok we
see you've secured the penguin oh we
need to get one more penguin up get the
other penguin retrieve the penguin it's
not there do you see any penguins let's
go come on
okay guys is this the right room okay
there it is he's gonna move penguins
okay what well we just took two penguins
oh you guys I hope you enjoyed that that
segment of stealing a penguin and leave
it under friends a hotel room mommies or
anything else you want to see before we
go my good parents we're good turns
judge UPS man don't judge us for
stealing penguins man monkeys hmm
so the penguin showed up in your room we
have no idea how that happened no idea
so it's outside my door don't say
excellent and then I took a bunch of
selfies with it oh that's awesome
because why not oh it's cricket on and
then I decided he should have a nice
slice to sleep we're going to try to get
to your room but I think that's illegal
oh forget I put one of the Penguins in
your shower oh that's not yeah I can't
wait to see what I walk into good good
put one of these guys in there so we are
ready to go we are going to a Louisville
Bats game we're going to throw out the
first pitch and we're going to sing take
me out to the ball game at the
seventh-inning stretch there are so many
kids here isn't it awesome yeah right
now we are here at the Louvre
Stadium baseball game can't see anything
oh it's the it's such a big stadium man
what do you think papa yeah that's like
there's a lot of kids here oh yeah we
got to go this way
oh yeah oh oh I'm sick can I get one
Kenny this is a special occasion man I
think we're gonna go on the field I
think mr. monkeys gonna throw the first
pitch we are going to throw the first
pitch of the game
and I believe that at some point during
the game we are going to save the monkey
did you warm up your arm
did you warm up here throwing arm yeah
you got to get all limber you gotta like
you gotta like do this with your hand
not punch anybody in the face when you
do it no pressure Mikey it's gonna be an
overhand throw all right good why not
no it's an over an throw sorry it's it's
an overly tomamos between the older and
mama people of the world you do not do
in the finder and here oh we ran out of
children this is a baseball game there's
no your hand throws yourself miss monkey
give any words of encouragement stop
spin something no pressure there are
like 20,000 kids out there watching you
don't get it mess it up skip it runs
around good nervous don't with it as far
as you can why not because you're gonna
that ball is going to go flying just
yes but you toss it don't whip it mr.
monkey
make sure you it's like you're playing
catch you have to practice whoa that's
too hard that's too hard mr. monkey you
just killed the mascot
you just killed Alaska Oh No you okay
okay he's alive he's alive
I thought we killed you okay we're good
hey you don't want to kill a mascot be
you do not want to kill any of the
players with your throw is a beautiful
day for baseball game among keys calm
yeah nailed it nailed it
whoa that was awesome oh yes
thank you guys for the love you're
getting at Kentucky thank you so much
you guys are appreciated everywhere we
go we find so many people who watch our
videos and y'all want hugs and kisses
and and pictures like we're yeah we're
here drugs and kiss absolutely any time
you see us no matter where we are clean
I'm up to us we flew up to say hi you
guys are family looks like you're not
shit we're actually getting ready to
sing tip you know threw the bowl first
the baseball bats and then derby heavy
slander behave
it's a shame
I think I have a voice of an angel what
do you think hey this money's got some
eyebrows yeah with the cotton candy and
now Derby hats Derby hats are you
excited by the Derby hats mommy excited
about meeting this wonderful woman oh
we're at Sarah havens millinery and we
are making Derby hats today this is
gonna be exciting now can we have can I
have like a fedora or are they like
special Derby hats well it'd be called
Panama a Panama these are like custom
hats it's right everyone's gonna get
here make oh my goodness I can't wait
they picked for me a wide-brimmed hat
oh my whole is my dream my home tire
lights have a hat like this but I've
never been able to because my head's big
yeah so I see women wearing these and
they look so elegant and classy and I
can tell what that is awesome just a
trapeze total of that oh my goodness
look at it slick hey wow that's a mighty
nice hat you got this like this
oh I feel like I'm gonna retrieve some
like secret so secret jewel shard guys
those are the Sharks some sharp at least
remember it's your bets I found some
some ladies back there we can say hello
to ya
okay hide to the small one just
beginning
Zehra havens millinery thank you so much
for making these beautiful hats thank
you oh wow
you
are you making those flowers for me they
need no don't even think about it yeah
yeah
