today we're making the world's largest
snow cone
why because why not how's it going
everybody today we're doing something
we've never attempted before and it is
to make the world's largest snow cone or
a very very large snow cone we have this
machine here snow cone machine but we're
gonna test it to its limits so we're
gonna put some ice in here we're gonna
put the cone over here this won't be a
giant snow cone
so it might not be the world's largest
snow cone but we're definitely gonna try
to make it huge it's gonna be pretty big
yeah and I got a bunch of sauces banana
root beer yeah
Tigers blood Tigers blood it's just
right this blood tie your blood okay I
don't even want to know what Tiger blood
tastes like but we got it yeah lemon
lime grape Pina Colada
one fear banana nana fofanna are you
ready to start the snow cone machine
yeah tell me get a bunch of the face
okay let's let's uh fire it up
Oh
oh yeah and now we're starting to shape
it into a ball we're gonna make it like
a dome but don't let's go if you moments
later
have a look mama B I think it's time for
you to put some salt on this Tiger blood
oh you got to put some tiger blood in
there for sure
tiger blood tiger blood yes I don't know
even what that is but guys look at the
size of this thing it's the size of a
traffic cream
the first one is Tigers blood all K
Tigers blood oh yeah a little bit of
Tigers blood which is not real Tigers
blood no now probably tastes delicious
candy bees the next one is blue
raspberry
yes that's what's amazing oh it smells
so good
banana banana okay banana
let's do this fight oh that's a good
idea
and last but not least lemon lemon lemon
lemon lime do you want to put that like
would you use it yes thumbnail that's
amazing look at that oh my that smell a
full 360 version suitable okay all
together guys how's it taste
oh my goodness oh my gosh double mini
raspberries Oh mommy how's the Tigers
blood oh my gosh you know what the
Tigers blood tastes like what like a red
popsicle yeah ha ha ha so good Wow okay
tiger blood is incredible blue
raspberries amazing I think blue
raspberries the best oh yeah that is
delicious
I have to try that oh wow that is worth
the 25 ice cubes we use oh my great
success guys great success rates what do
you guys think in the comments was that
great success was that a giant snow cone
good job actually you guys stood here
for like 10-15 minutes yeah yeah it's a
beautiful yeah
it looks like a circus thanks for
watching if you guys like this video
please give it a thumbs up if you want
to see anything crazy or big leave a
comment down below I'm gonna finish this
snow cone actually no we are please
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
