good morning family how's it going good
morning mr. monkey morning how you doing
mr. monkey is getting his dose of Casey
in the morning how you doing
mama B is looking fresh fresh fresh
fresh fresh Wow mama B what you cookin
this morning I'm making eggs you're
making eggs corn me not at all uh-huh
this looks pretty gourmet to me this is
our pan this is with peppers and onions
and cut-up hot dogs Wow telling us is a
healthy healthy hot dogs Wow but I try
to get like the good hot dogs like the
healthy yeah there's like something like
as healthy as possible not your gluten
free natural yeah well it's for the
monkeys cuz they don't like them the
pepper than that they don't like the
peppers in the onions that are just
getting a cut-up hot dogs with eggs and
cheese oh yeah
mixa mixa mixa do you put any eggs milk
milk so no like salt or pepper or
anything like that no you get like use
like the salts from the bouncing on some
teachers about their pen what it's
listened that sizzle oh it's so cute I
like your jeans mama be your Jesus oh
yeah let me feed you
no I say I love you when you don't feed
me too I just said a lot more when mommy
feeds me you don't say the smell of
breakfast is so nice with the pepper
person that up amazing that's breakfast
in the a/v household eggs this morning
eight eggs we gonna have the eggs mama B
did you wake up like this like Beyonce
says no we went live this morning oh we
went live in China this morning it was
crazy
we had 85,000 family members watching in
China eighty-six thousand okay it was
crazy
we went live at eight o'clock this
morning because our time ATM was 8 p.m.
Beijing time mr. monkey sang
it was so fun and we had so many like
little icons floating kind of reminded
me a periscope thank you so much for
laughing with us miss Money has a little
surprise for you right
hopefully this goes on our page when
we're finished
that was crazy and it was so much fun so
that's what we do we try to go live on
Facebook I'm pretty sure we're going to
be going live on YouTube pretty soon we
post here every day or almost every day
on YouTube so that's what we try to do
every single day we try as much as
possible to either post on Instagram or
do something funny on vine or do
something funny or crazy on Facebook and
every day momma bees making some amazing
food oh that's beautiful
lots of cheese cuz they love cheese
hello Christmas tree it's still not
coming down this Christmas tree is not
coming down for a while we don't want to
bring the tree down we should want to
keep it up it's very festive makes us
happy so are you gonna keep it there's
miss monkey hi everybody good morning oh
you got the butterfly pants on oh you
got your partner in crime here mr.
monkey play roblox they are playing
roblox these monkeys they like to play
their games
mama peas making breakfast come upstairs
and it's gonna be infoproviders you know
what without seeing what is upstairs
come upstairs just the dining room and
smell and you tell me what it is that
Mama's cooking come on let's go
I smell some omelet with some hotdogs in
it
no way come on are you serious it smells
like are you serious I can write
the hotdogs and and the omelette that is
exactly my god oh yeah oh yeah oh mama
we are we actually having omelet oh we
put the tripod down okay so what mama B
does is she she she makes an omelet then
she puts on her she cuts up hot dog she
cooks it and then she puts it inside the
omelette so when you slice it there's
like an all a hot dog inside and then
what she does is she melts cheese on top
so that's the finished look
what are you doing cheese is melted on
top and you can see the little hot dogs
in there right there that's a pretty
extreme close up is monkey whoa okay
come on focus
happy Sunday mr. monkey happy Sunday
happy Sunday whatever day it is that
you're watching this happy day to you we
love you very much everybody you come I
feed you I feed you and now it is time
to eat we promise you that the next mama
P cooks is gonna be the dip this week
there's gonna be some pretty fun stuff
that we're doing mama B and Miss monkey
are actually going on a trip on a secret
trip we can't really see where they're
going yeah not yet it's gonna be boys
week for a few days here and yeah so
stay tuned for some mr. monkey Papa B
craziness mommy do you think we're gonna
like blow up the house no do you trust
us of course and trust you thank you I
enforcement
I can never get this it's just gonna be
the boys this week gonna be a lot of
boosted boards mama B and miss monkey
are gone they're going away
and they're coming back I think on
Thursday so they're only going away for
four days I promise I won't starve you I
promise we'll have fun I promise I will
do homework with you I promise I will
take you to school um yeah but we're
gonna have some fun so maybe we'll make
some videos together to do some
challenge videos yeah let us know in the
comments what you guys think we should
do as a challenge video maybe father
versus son challenge video or gaming
video either a gaming video or a
challenge video let us know in the
survey we'll put it in think is like a
survey feature we'll put it inside the
most bull put it right here I never know
where to put it we're gonna have some
fun this week
ah
ah
Oh
yeah yo aha
