okay there it is
first person to eat six slices good luck
mr. Pete aka furious double vlog double
vlog vlog ception vlogception vlog
session we'll make our cameras kiss it's
official first to eat six slices of
pizza I mean I'm more happy about that
because I get to actually eat six slices
pizza is such a weird thing because one
it can be like thin crust and it can go
down really fast too it can taste like
cardboard sometimes yes you know
especially if it gets cold that's true
especially if it gets cold spa B got
cools probably already is come out to
drink lots of water I just like a water
water practice or something there's got
water training but it's like you're
drinking like a gallon of water in two
minutes trying to stretch your stomach
it's actually really dangerous I don't
ever try it at home did you do this on
the way here no I haven't haven't done
it I did it I did it like five years ago
years ago but I was like when I was like
full into eating contests yeah I was
like okay I gotta do this because
everyone else is doing it so let's do
something I always felt awful after it
Oh miss monkey what do you think who you
thinks gonna win
fairies Pete you don't your might be on
that faith
where's mr. monkey who do you think is
gonna win the pizza slice eating
challenge it's kind of obvious that
furies pizza there's no chance we can I
have no chance you have no chance at all
whatsoever it's six it's six slices what
a supportive family want to support you
guys man I'm gonna replace you with Jays
kids one day and I believe in you
oh ma no fever I got 20 bucks on that
various beings come on my own wife so go
all right let's do this challenge
we're here we're ready for this pizza
challenge okay I got my coaches here my
staff I AMA be over there keeping an eye
on furious Pete so he doesn't become a
furious cheat weight or thinking like
that so she's gonna keep an eye on those
he doesn't cheat as I heard he can you
know he can cheat so we're gonna do a
walk about you think I can cheat with
the pizza like go in your babies
where does he he brought yeah I don't
know he brought us sure with little I
have to go to a charity event after this
yeah right I can't dress I can't hide
this no I mean all you'll see all the
grease marks I can't do it I could do it
thanks to snapchat first person to eat
six slices of pizza gonna take up a
hostage this is hot it's all about
making sure that you have equal equal
weight on the hands really you don't
wanna I mean like that bracelets
probably gonna mess you up
really oh I'm just people now he's just
like I just didn't want to get the sauce
all over my wash on top all right that's
it I'm very nervous now all right monkey
see you guys got a moral support here
some pocket all right let's go another
three oh you gotta focus okay but you
can count it down when you're ray
you weren't us yeah yeah ladies and
gentlemen what is he doing
what you don't do this before you eat
not before I eat before I do one pushup
yeah unfortunate never seen competitive
eater this son is serious oh and I
should drink water too
you're just doing what he is doing three
two one go
pretty well Wow can you end it pretty
well I must admit I had the monkeys down
here eating the pizza as well uh Troy
kitchen table I see look at me with two
slices I get the women down here monkeys
come come I was like damn you did pretty
good I was being the monkeys I think I'm
on my first life I've never seen
anything like that labour see how long
that's a really like I first I was like
okay he's doing pretty well because I
was like look at the Deaf you're
brilliant unwind I'm down you know what
you're doing no I got the monkeys
helping me here look at that monkeys
gonna be like you watch the videos
awesome eating because you guys didn't
see it you aren't gonna be blown away
I'm have to do time to resume now but
rusty I don't do this as often as I used
to and when you're really on point
that's when it goes down fast whoa uh
yeah so uh moral of the story guys
what's the moral of story even if you
cheat you're still gonna get busted
even if you cheat you're still gonna
lose it monkeys did you see that um no I
saw it from the table they were too deep
there's my truck I saw the pizza there I
tried to cheat they were just like they
were just down I had like a mother angle
that didn't work don't worry good oh my
goodness yeah you're amazing those but
Wow experienced a wise man will do four
on one oh yeah next I will did tortured
next time we'll do torture torture one
that you were talking about right oh oh
yeah yeah next time we will do a how to
torture debt furious Pete edition so
right Pete's gonna feed me some crazy
stuff and I'll be blindfolded and
get the help from the monkeys yeah we'll
do that next time Chris I've seen some
of the stuff you've eaten it alright
thank you so much
checkout furious peace Channel I'm gonna
link it down below I'm gonna put it up
here I'm gonna put it up everywhere
thank you so much Pete we love you and
we're gonna do a video on peach channel
and I will link that as well so check
that out he's gonna teach me how to
sweet eat do what I was doing you should
have taught me you should have taught me
this book yeah shut up but then again
it's always the cheater now you're the
cheater whatever thanks for watching
guys we love you yeah
