let's go either your mama beat those are
choice words when you're driving and the
light is green and you slam on your
brakes I'm thinking that you want
insurance
no sorry Matt Danny alone see like I
you're not me gracias please all humble
pleasure with that lately you got use
your eyes men represent whoo I know
where you went
that's right okay mommy's kind of an
aggressive driver but she gets us for
point A to point B oh okay this is kind
of a routine we go
and drive properly oh no where you got
your driver's license from cuz you suck
oh mama B offers to drive when I have to
catch up on emails and do a few things
sometimes I can actually get on calls
while we're on our way to the gym so
mommy kindly drives and gets us there
safely and quickly and we react kindly
inflate thanks mom
is that your post-workout a face this is
my I'm so tired
another crazy workout you know what it
is we're trying to get as many more cuts
as possible because we're traveling a
lot so if we can get like two or three
workouts in a week we're good and we go
we got to go hard there was a crazy
workout and now we are going to go home
and get ready because we have a German
film crew coming Germans oh and I think
Pete is coming to a gentleman named
furious Pete furious Pete he's like a
world champion eater
he's crazy if you watch his videos what
sin is mama b there's hamburger no bun
no cheese there's um green beans
broccoli jalapenos lettuce tomato kimchi
for gut health Wow there's onions and
garlic what's also very healthy and lots
of olive oil lots of olive oil no salt
that is a healthy meal mine's a little
different monkey face monkey face monkey
face monkey face she's having some
common uh cuz she's a monkey face give
me my cookie same simple cookies after
school
happy Friday mr. monkey Oh YUM you're
gonna watch your dad win at a pizza
eating contest I don't think you knowing
I'm trying to figure out what the actual
challenge is I think it would be rude to
ask furious Pete to eat a whole pizza
you know just because he's the world
champion eater I don't want to put that
kind of pressure on him some people do a
couple of pizza slices we'll see how
quickly we can eat pizza slices plus I
don't think I give me the whole pizza so
this monkey who you think is gonna win
20 incidents today at the gym I tried to
I tried to hop a stack of plates guess
who's here
furious Pete no no wrong guy do you have
furious Pete I'm supposed to be less
like this according to according to
MonaVie he said okay here we could do
this we could do this how about we do
that is that better URI is furious like
he's upset or he's mad or he's like
green or or like like he's gonna bust
him through and then this wonderful
wonderful magazine gentleman with the
sweetest smile she's changed great teeth
by the way URIs he's got great deep I
get this lovely girl Wow it was like hey
did you have braces no never what no
smile lucky I got lucky he's a very
fancy doesn't drink a lot of grown-ups
mommy's got good teeth too no braces
nobody says yeah I got I'm working on
mine I got it you know I got this thing
here it should be fixing about a year
guys so let's check back in a year don't
link a link to the video are you the
judge I you are the judge so you're
gonna be judging this because I don't
want any cheaters today yeah I don't
want any cheaters I don't know why I'm
not gonna cheat you know who's the only
cheater here your tactics have been
questionable in the past challenges that
we've done like equipped cups quick cups
challenge you were called out in the
comments
we're gonna have an eating contest we
are with Pete yes okay I just like
forcing a popsicle with it's like
you just wanted to hang out and watch
Netflix man like Netflix and chill that
looks engine ugly and now it's pizza and
chew now it's pizza and Jill's like it
good oh look there's water so we're
gonna have this whole thing going on
here I think we're gonna do what do you
want to do do you want to do like a
pizza slice pizza slice like Wow pizza
slice challenge so how many pizza slices
you can eat in like one minute all
around or we have like six slices here
so who can who can finish the six slices
first that sounds pretty good too
okay who can finish those six slices
first too bad it's too bad this is in
real time because then you can ask your
audience and say hey what do you prefer
one minute or first to finish six oh
that would have been good that would
have been good we could snapchat we
could snapchat here and I will get the
first like five responses of I think
that's a good idea okay we're gonna snap
we're gonna snapchat right now so you
guys see okay here we go
all right make sure your response so
make sure you respond all right we're
just snapchat here right now
alright I'm here with furious Pete world
champion youtuber eater everything we're
gonna have a pizza slice contest but I
have I need your help
okay so snap the next next snap how many
slices you can eat in one minute or the
first person to eat six slices snap us
back let us know right now right now
first person to eat six slices okay hmm
someone just sent me a picture of them
with the dog filter
I think furious Pete will win that
wasn't the question Kassadin otherwise
just like furious Pete alright I think
furious people win
I didn't ask okay there it is first
person to eat six slices good luck
I'm super-excited because we just
finished doing like an eating challenge
and I'm not gonna tell you what happened
but I'm gonna make sure that that video
goes live tomorrow and I'm here with
Pete Shore in ski yeah yeah take it
that's it that raver is polish right so
it's hard to pronounce it so the real
polish brass agent is chugging ski
Jeremy most people say Czerwinski
Czerwinski I don't know why because
there's there's no pest in that case
let's see Pete how do you see a last
name that means chef means ski there we
go shadow bean Steve I'm gonna put all
of Pete's details down below and I'm
gonna put a link up here to his page you
guys go check him out
we're making some fun videos today and
we have our friend you are from the
Germany Igor Igor from Germany so Igor's
here as well and we're doing an
interview for German television so
that's gonna go sometime soon so when it
does go up I'll let you guys know so
he's hanging out with us today we're
making some videos the monkeys are here
we're learning some of the tricks of the
trade with learn how do you piece it
back we're gonna learn how to use some
pizza fast so that's that's the day for
today been fun working out eaten some
good food work up I workout oh my good
pizza Jack than that Jack he's super
jacked no according according to
according to mama P I'm not a jack I
came in a lot of bigger smaller than
that I thought like he's a big dude I
know what mama be see he's a big dude so
he's gonna teach me so we're doing some
stuff for Pete's channel as well so I
will link that if it's I'm gonna post
this the day you're seeing it because I
don't know about that you're confusing
everyone am i confusing it's like what
is really gonna get close yeah okay when
you're watching it looks for certain
links and stuff and then I promise the
next video from this one is gonna be
like a sweet eating challenge I can't
tell you what happened yeah but you know
you're eating with the best in the world
so you can just imagine what happened
so stay tuned for that happy Friday
happy Friday in the a bee house yes - G
I te mama B thank you for being so
wonderful
Oh orbiting us its orbit eNOS it's like
this so if we if we did musically we'd
be like that's it for today that was a
fun day another full day mama bee thanks
for watching guys we love you very much
before we go I'll show you a little clip
that we filmed a with the German the
German crew they wanted to see behind
the scenes how do we make a a funny
video so hopefully this is funny
you're too close you're too close yah
yah yah yah
