okay I have a challenge to do max
calvache calvache
is Arion if you guys don't know are in
this are you guys okay max cal so
apparently I'm supposed to go max
calories on an assault bike this is
called an assault but because obviously
I'm gonna be assaulted when I go on this
bike mama V what do you think what
you're gonna go to sweet we're gonna go
head-to-head on the assault bikes for
one minute as hard as we can and then
chokes is gonna cook he's gonna he's
gonna interview us after you ready mama
D neither am i why you guys do this to
us
you know Justin just as the dude who'd
like threw me over his head a few months
ago and he's one he's a death
hard
push hard
are you camera me
how do you feel I saw worse what mama B
how do you feel mom be how your legs are
your legs cramping up the trouble bar
again because that's that's not what you
teach to burn for anyone's help those
cheekbones on fleek well our Ian's got a
shirt off
coach Justin thank you so much yes
pushing as hard that's pretty much it
guys I need to find my wife how do you
guys see my wife anywhere guys and we
are back home I feel much better right
now mama B how do you feel awesome
today's World Health Day World Health
Day monkeys what you do for World Health
Day
you stayed awesome and you helped every
it's not World Health Day World Health
Day monkey eye World Health Day World
Health Day should be every day to miss
monkey what did you do for World Health
Day I ate some red peppers I also ate
some pretzels with hummus oh yeah your
school I also did something for helper
you kept track on how many glasses of
water
what are you take so I completed it when
she win we're still trying to teach her
how to be a good winner yeah we also win
today in the quietude oh my goodness
well what what song did you guys sing
see ya we also did what sing sing it mr.
monk you get over here she needs a
backup singer in the choir I didn't have
to put my ears it's only two people I
have to put my ear okay see
who can hear me quickest see huh Bakugan
yummy quick on your new boss see ya see
ya haha koukin unique way canyon e-way
garcia Marcia Marcia Humber cook and
nanny quickest boom boom whoa mama B how
was that that was very good my little
angels
you guys better too oh my it always be
our little angels look at that face if I
said what a d what okay you know what we
gonna do now we're gonna actually go
live on Facebook for like five minutes
and we are going to go to death for me
yeah we're just gonna hook it up right
here we're gonna hook up the thing right
there and we're gonna take you kind of
behind the scenes of what we do both the
people this is my beautiful morning
she's so beautiful oh and my sister over
there is being a little crazy mr. monkey
built this awesome like robot all right
guys funny full day
we're actually recording on YouTube
right now so let me show you guys the
worlds are colliding right now okay kind
of focuses now so there it is 22,000
family members on right now
awesome 41,000 family so that was
awesome I think we just hit 99 thousand
almost a hundred thousand people watched
our video another successful night at
baby family household we went live we we
exercise and now we're gonna finish this
wit what are we gonna finish it with
mommy
cookie they're homemade cuz I'm such an
amazing wife and I mean we'll meet
cookies and then I put them in this tiny
little box and then and then I wrap them
up and stuck them in the fridge and why
is my face so red oh look at my neck
we're so my face is red we're going live
on Facebook that was crazy
circuit boy circuit boy are you
transferring mr. robot boy close off the
vlog we love you very much you're
hitting the dad
