see you tonight guys wait where you
going I'm going to New York City what
I'm on my way to New York City and yes
I'm going to be there for 12 hours it's
going to take me three hours three hours
I guess to get on the plane and then
three hours to get the airport then come
back home so technically I'm traveling
six hours to hang out in New York City
for 12 hours but it's going to be fun on
point ad conference so I'm going to be
speaking there and I'm actually gonna go
to the Twitter office I don't know how
much time I'm going to stay there but
I'm going to be there and that's it so
what does one take when they go to New
York City for 12 hours I have my glasses
and taste my eyes get dry you don't want
to leave without this if you're going to
be in New York City just in case they're
going to make people you don't want to
smell you've got to have an external
charger just in case another charger
just in case gum oh yeah and a laptop in
case you need to edit on the plane do
you think it's crazy that I'm going to
New York City for 12 hours it's going to
take me like six hours to travel
that's what happens a lot of times we
get invited to to go speak or to go to
different conferences and and you go to
a cool city for a few hours then you
come back ladies and gentlemen is Delta
Connection
personal life in New York City
all right welcome to New York City yes
all right I didn't vlog anything today
it's 609 so I got here at noon and it's
it's I've been here for six hours okay
and I'm going back home so I've been in
New York City for six hours only and I
had it all I had so many intentions to
record the things that I saw that I went
to the Twitter office I didn't get a
chance to record that I'm gonna tell you
my day I'm gonna tell you what happened
i'm rory rory Rudy Rudy's gonna listen
all right okay so Rudy today I landed in
New York City at noon and I've been here
for six hours total this is like the
fastest I've ever been in New York City
now I'm going home so Rudy's dropping me
off at JFK and Rudy I went to Twitter
today
okay everybody ever been to the 20 of a
Twitter give it to it ah no I don't have
no fun in certain you know Twitter to be
a no Twitter though yeah yeah awesome I
went to the Twitter office today that's
a really nice office but it's not the
main office okay the office in San
Francisco is the main office okay so but
this is kind of like the satellite
office in New York City and we met up
with some really good friends at Twitter
and we went to an ad conference and I
spoke on a panel I was on stage talking
about my family because my family makes
funny videos on the OL oh oh the boo do
you have a Facebook account yeah yeah
have a Facebook yeah yeah yeah I do okay
have you ever seen the video where man
is like celebrating New Year's and a
little girl smashes a bottle over her
dad's head ever seen in one half No
maybe okay have you ever seen a video
where let's say the husband says
something wrong to the wife and the
husband always and today I think so I
remember that's me hope you guys know we
do so we make funny videos on the
internet okay and and so we were invited
to speak on stage I was invited to speak
on stage and we were there we met some
really cool people and that's it took a
lot of nice pictures and I forgot to
record any of this because I was so busy
that I didn't have my camera with me
Brody's gonna get me safe - JP everybody
has candies yeah yeah yeah we might yes
yeah we might yes yeah put it down okay
- in person
well so you press the button Jerry and
then you a card oh yeah
Travis yeah yeah - candies no probably
be my guess I'm gonna have some sweet
tarts yeah no we're already wave is
moving so waters and all getting water
behind the door oh thank you so much
you're the best
uber driver ever oh yeah - my gap
I'm gonna look for Rudy next time I'm in
New York okay yeah yeah no problem
guys New York City kicked this home
because I'm not very good at vlogging
like cityscapes I didn't get a chance to
film a lot of good stuff but these are
buildings New York City buildings
Rudy's got the best setup here he's got
for the Android users he's got the
Chargers over here on this side but if
you're an iPhone user you got these
Chargers here oh and he's got the candy
check this out we just got the candy oka
Rudy's gonna try to find some mitt and
get some Dominican music we're gonna
we're gonna have to jam out in this
traffic because this traffic is
ridiculous
cyka cyka I was kind of hoping I could
show you there's like some blurry blurry
footage or some dark footage it was
really dark in the backstage so I didn't
get a chance to
I didn't get a chance to show anybody
the footage because it was very dark
okay but the head lots of water and lots
of candies and stuff real cheese
sandwiches sign yeah yeah oh yeah I
don't think you need never go wrong with
a grilled cheese salad oh no wrong with
our you know be a hallway you're right
bradle yeah
whole wheat white bread could be like a
French baguette yeah okay Ronny
thank you very much thing I won't be I
know muchas us yes he's the best driver
alright anytime you're Dirksen you got a
request roadie all right guys all right
now it's how to catch plane
thank you very much for your cooperation
and we're back home sweet home
very good how are you doing I'm still
learning so it's the morning and um
daddy pop up II just came back and I'm
going to school right now and my
beautiful lunch the mama be made for me
well not really made she just stuck
afros beets on the others oh thank you
oh okay come on okay perfect and so now
we're going to publicly hath came back
from New York City and he said you had
it released by the time this morning
let's go see what they're doing I think
they're like to each others in there
something seminal I don't know what's up
or something
so don't really know it's personal this
morning and a little tired I woke up a
long time nobody keep tamil song that's
gonna see you guys when I come back and
wait any turn it off yeah yeah
