buddy buddy Marty Marty Marty Marty
Marty Marty Marty Marty Marty Marty
Marty Marty Marty Marty Marty Marty
momma be had this like awesome Pinterest
style thing going on here and it was
amazing was really tasty and I started
eating it way too fast and I forgot it
should have probably blogged it when use
the picture but here's a picture that's
what it looked like right before I
decided to devour the whole thing
this was well you can't show that this
was torta de jamon Y queso so that's
like a damaged cheese cake and then
there used to be sugar cookies right
there and there's the outline it's
almost like a crime scene now these are
mitting is or how I like to say
Merengues mama D if you make a cookbook
or you make a book you have to put these
recipes in the book I don't know maybe
family room family
mommy check this out look you want green
I got you huh what color do you want
blue light blue I got you and how does
this help us it helps us because I get
to control all the lights from the phone
I'm automating our lights so I decided
to start changing the light bulbs with
like automated automated bulbs those
things so they look like regular bulbs
let me show you a little tutorial
mommy's not too not too interested in
this stuff yet but so that vault there
is like a smart smart bulb like a it's
got like Wi-Fi in the bulb and it's just
like I just replaced my old bulb with
this bulb and now we can control the
lights of some of our bulbs with a phone
and that's what I'm doing right now so I
can actually control the lights when I'm
not home and I can control the color of
the lights and Mama bees but what's the
purpose of it that's what I don't
understand like well these bulbs are
like five watts or something and like a
regular bulb is like a thousand watts
and I'm like Bernie can burn oh good
what is it all me in the double rainbow
what are you talking about double
rainbow you got it hold on double
rainbow I got you double rainbow oh snap
now that is beyond classy what do you
think pick this out this is Siri does
this work you were seeing no hold on
turn on all the lights
oh the lights are turned on did you see
that I turned on the light okay mama B
look at the lights look at the lights
turn off all the lights okay
oh mama B okay let's go over here check
this out so I can control so on this
little little app I can actually control
all the lights now mama B I've installed
it on your phone and I have installed it
on me I can't here let me show you how
it works no it's just sounds like an app
another Oh remember when we used to live
in like a farm house I've never aired
one tiny little room and and people sat
and talked to each other I've never
lived in a farm house and you didn't
have to learn hold on hold on let me set
the mood if you want Knology if you if
you want to talk about back in the days
I'm going to set a little sunset for us
in the back and now you can talk about
the farm okay go ahead burn when people
had chickens and cows and and they milk
to their cows and their goats and they
made milk with their goals yes and they
shared their their sheep yes and people
didn't have to learn and and I had
didn't have to learn how to use all this
technology that I don't need automation
will help me need it
so why do I have to learn how to use it
because it's not going to make my life
any better okay well how about this I
have an idea I show you how to use it
and if you don't like it then you don't
have to use it there's an all about I
don't learn how to use it I have your
phone I have your phone hold on okay
here take your phone if you know our
phones are nice try it on your phone try
it on your phone okay Hugh mote open up
Hugh mote here go stand over there so
you can show everybody how easy it is
this is the family room
who are you you honey turn on the family
room lights wait a second no Judy it's
broke you know it's not do it again okay
you have all the different lights yes
monkey mr. monkey has a light in his
room - okay press the family the family
room button look at that you see that
well isn't that better than walking over
there and turning on the light no I
think it's awesome
you can fade it you've nothing wrong
with me walking over and putting it on
myself yeah okay so here's here's an
example real world scenario you're
upstairs the lights are on and you don't
want to walk downstairs to turn off the
lights you just do this and you turn it
off voila comme si comme Tao I plan to
automate the whole house with these
lights no you're not you know what you
can do okay so even if Mama B is like
not down whatever right she's not down
for this you can you can you can
actually do this you can actually use
the I don't know why you'd want to use
the actual switch but you can actually
go ahead eat well when the monkeys come
home I'm gonna show them and they're
gonna be dancing their little their
little angel hearts miss monkey and mr.
monkey are both gonna be in awe when
they see this of course the monkeys are
back the monkeys are back and they're
eating some nice after-school snack Oh
mr. monkeys having some nice tangerines
is that a sour apple or is that a nice
Apple you had like tangerine roulette
most of these are really good and then
one is like really bad and you got a
really bad one Bulo bean boozled
tangerine boozled whoa no okay I got
some special lights monkeys mr. monkey -
remember if your name you know tweeted
us today this week we got tweeted by
Harry Stiles no Tony Cavallaro he's the
teacher in School of Rock on Nickelodeon
oh yeah we met
yeah if you guys don't know Tony
Cavallaro that's Tony Cavallaro da I
would never be on that show because I
can't sing so I got some lights and I've
installed some really funky automated
lights cuz I'm gonna automate the whole
house with all kinds of crazy stuff I'm
gonna turn the house into a robot pretty
much I've animated the house if you can
make the house fly make the house why I
will be able to make the house why mama
be mama me was it boy
man me she was little mmm about the
lights she wasn't too impressed by
percent it was like 75 maybe 80% okay
with the lights rubber BRR BRR BRR BRR
BRR BRR BRR BRR BRR BRR snow so there
was this girl in my class that put a
straw in an orange and then suck the
life out of it did it work
no it didn't she said it work but I
really got her I don't think it works I
don't think you do that I've seen those
commercials I can't do it mom and B do
you want to try sucking a straw through
an orange I got like that skin that skin
juice mm-hmm
let me show you the light
what do you think yeah y'all haha
yeah y'all
