mama B the kids are in school what
should we do I have an idea oh happy day
mama B how you doing
oh mama B's got the Uruguay who I had on
repres no Theon represent you guys I
don't you guys know mama B's from Hawaii
Uruguay or why born not raised born not
raised the born in Uruguay Nazi that
have a little a little dance party
before we carry on with our day today we
actually have a little thing because it
is April Fool's you're not gonna be
watching it on April Fool's because
we're actually filming it on April
Fool's but you will be watching this I
guess the day after the day after the
day after all we start off the day with
a healthy shape with a help with a
healthy always start off the day with a
healthy shake right mama B mmm
salut mama B today we're gonna do I
think this is like our first prank not
it's not really a prank it's April
Fool's we want to mess around the
monkeys a little bit we tried jumping
into the room one time here's the deal
you have to be let me put this down for
a second we have to be very careful when
we prank the monkeys because they get a
little jumpy their kids Raven and we
find funny sometimes they don't and so
we decided to spear them one day when I
come into the room and start dancing so
we working oh we didn't scream so we sat
there and they were like get with it
with your punt they're play fighting a
girlies pushing each other
to the room and we'll well jump inside
the room without them hearing us and
just start dancing and we scared them so
much we scared the pants off the monkeys
they were they start to cry hold them
freaked out they cry for like two
seconds and then they started to laugh
yeah but it was the crying thing that
really really hurt us yeah because we
always scare each other that's kind of
what we do in the house is the kids will
jump out of a closet and terrify me or
they'll jump out at you when you get
home yeah but I guess when we did it to
them I freaked them out so much she's
starting to cry and that turned into
laughters it did we felt a little bit
better but we promised that we would
never scare them like that but it's not
like we jumped out of the room we're
like ah we didn't do that we did this we
did this all we did that's what we did
and they started to cry they freaked out
so no no more jump scares like that no
more film until we're done no more jump
scares No Mas no mad so today we're just
gonna do a little light-hearted joke
with the monkeys when they come home
from school we're basically going to
change their Easter eggs with grapes
we're going to unwrap all these
chocolates and we are going to wrap them
in grapes
so that when the monkeys come home they
see a nice little snack it's Friday
we're celebrating this is awesome and
then boo you guys are terrible because
you changed all our chocolates with
grapes Oh and then we're gonna feel
really bad right mama beating yes so bad
we're gonna feel really bad about it
that we're gonna say okay guys go ahead
and have some have some jelly beans and
of course we're going to make them eat
the bean boozled jelly beans we're gonna
put those inside a full actually what I
do though I'm gonna pick out these ones
the the light blue ones you know why
because the light blue ones taste like
toothpaste and that's not that bad and I
know miss monkey because she doesn't
like to she doesn't like to show that
she got scared or that she got pranked
she's really good
my favorite ones using buddies are the
business not a prank these are my
favorite I love these yeah
here mommy fries no no I'm still haha
serious no what do you mean no way man
mama B doesn't doesn't believe me this
is toothpaste just try it is emitting
it's minty mama be good for your country
do it for what do it for your wife just
have one why I will even Isis a low and
inside of a Russa a pastillas Condorcet
a membrillo I'm not gonna eat this just
eat one click on it so it's like 2d
brewery and what is it what does the
blue taste like it's either berry blue
or or couth page that's nothing so we're
gonna leave those ones out because the
other ones are like stinky socks and
vomit and we're gonna keep those so
we're gonna put those in they're gonna
know you're the bean boozled beans I
don't know what are we gonna do they
kind of like what they look like the
weather ones like oh yeah but we never
really like just show we never just we
never just means I'm jelly beans that's
a very random thing to do so how are we
gonna do this we'll figure out a way to
to feed them those jelly beans and what
I'm gonna do we'll figure out a way to
pull children
okay here's the dealio we can't do these
chocolate great things cuz it looks they
look fake you mommy
yeah you look really fingers as they
grab it they're gonna think I dunno
didn't work out and you know what else
so what we're gonna do is I'm gonna
happen I'm gonna have a bean boozled
beans by themselves on the table and
maybe we'll put some like real Easter
chocolates and I'll be eating like a
snack on the table like you do like
cheese or whatever and I'll have it
there I'll call them both down to say
something we'll make something up and
then right as soon as they see the
actual beans they're gonna go for it
they're gonna take a bite what do you
think mama me want to set everything
right here
maybe I hide it behind
monkeys
yeah yeah I left little earlier yeah
where'd you go hundred booger
you got booger wait were you just
recording well that's how much I love
candy they will eat whom I never kidded
just to get candy and now I know why a
lot of pranks are fake but they're not
all fake MA
oh yeah right okay nevermind forget it's
okay it's okay you don't have that I
don't have to be muzzled yeah there bean
boozled okay yeah oh wow that failed
miserably
so basically I thought they're gonna get
a bigger reaction from eating the bean
boozled since I got regular Joe's oh I
was kind of hoping that they would get
some really nasty jelly beans hey maybe
this one kind of tastes like booger I
got Mauro I was thinking about it all
day and they came in they ate it and it
didn't work
are you eating olives boozled mad giant
jar ball is my prank was terrible having
olives all right well who wants to see
mama me have at least one bean boozled
no what is 100 you just won either
feature vomit
okay either peach or vomit mama B please
just once mommy's cooking up the storm
tonight she's been avoiding bean boozled
for ever
so here you go peach or vomit
50-50 chance 50/50 chance you know
something don't smell like anything
Oh chew it oh come on give her another
one
no give her a red one I'm a man of my
word ha all right let us know in the
comments if you want to see mama B do a
real bean boozled challenge what I am no
pranker that's for sure
alright to come and have us on the super
mama B what are we cooking tonight we
are having homemade chicken soup
homeless B that sounds lovely passed
Enoch bastian a what's a pasty name like
baby pasta it's Brewin did you did a
chicken soup video all right I already
did mama B already through the chicken
soup video and I will put it right there
no no no right there we go right over
there I was thinking of the next mama B
cooks hmm
either doing my world-famous six layer
nacho dip whoa which is a hit at every
party a - that is a hit definitely or I
was thinking of doing like chicken
cutlets which is also known as schnitzel
which is also known as cotoletta
d oh oh oh oh okay so mama B's famous
six layer dip or mama B's famous chicken
cutlets let us know in the comments what
do you guys want to see next time mommy
cooks and I think that's it mommy you
know your bris smells like socks and
vomit oh he's like he's like immune to
being boozled who did how many did you
eat a lot
yeah y'all
