we're in a very futuristic airport if
you choose the futures here
it seems very futuristic you know why
I feel like we've been traveling a lot
lately been huge huge plane look at that
thing
is a massive
the plain wall
that's a huge plane
oh my kid is
that's gonna fit like 6,000 people that
was cool a huge homeless monkeys is a
huge huge who would watch your step we
were actually like late our flight was
delayed but thank goodness that this
flight now is delayed an hours what's
going on every single flight we've been
on is like an hour late so the delay the
deletion of the aeration aeration
innovation I have y'all nation oh I like
that a lot of cute stores here so when
the Detroit Airport we're here for like
an hour hour and really high Detroit how
you doing Detroit pine nut hein apples
that's a very interesting think that's a
very random thing that you asked for
pineapples you're hungry they have
pineapples okay well you're craving
pineapples - yeah what
okay just suddenly oh oh this is like
this is like so rare
in the word side look at these valleys
Detroit Airport as like some seriously
healthy stuff is amazing cool I need to
shave
I let me share with the hotel guys if
there's this fountain for another hour
because we're too late now two hours
watch Ingles flipping waters we want to
go to the bathroom you know what I've
always wondered why is that in every
Airport thanks a Spanx
moving real love for you Spanx I didn't
know that hello
every Airport has different stores but
you're saying that Spanx is actually in
every airport in a pre airport that is
that is crazy okay so now we wait an
hour and now in 40 minutes temple
I'm having some wasabi peas wasabi peas
and ham conpine Apple it's putting
healthy set hands go find out what side
of just pineapple bodies you say
hand-cut pineapple
ha ha hand good pineapple that's why can
I have some of that water what water oh
yeah it's in your jacket you're asking
for water it's already in your jack
sorry yep welcome to traveling the
children yep when Oh what what does it
like to travel with children how would
you explain traveling with children how
would you compare
get mommy free told the camera your
reservation things like asking for water
when you have a bottle of water in your
jacket because I think that's how I feel
okay that's how I feel I'm trying to
figure out where's the gate went the
flight do we have all our tickets to all
our boarding passes mama B's doing the
same thing she's thinking about all
kinds of things and the monkeys they
give you a little bit mr. monkey do you
have any games on your phone is your
phone charged do you have any apps on
your phone
I hope this plane has Wi-Fi I need to
use the bathroom do you need to use the
bathroom no I don't yes I do famously
the free look at the bathroom alright
they're so good
they're amazing but while we're sitting
here we're gonna answer some questions
so I just tweeted out some I just
tweeted it out tweet tweeted it out
skeezy that three times fast tweeted it
out to deal it out to do them
Maya or Mia brooke says how many people
how many places have you visited or
travel to okay how many places have we
visited and how many places have you
visited or travel to 42 how many places
up we travel to
of line up when you're Miami
five into New York
okay Florida
Jamaica Jamaica Cuba and did I
Tennessee we've been at Tennessee we've
been to Utah we just came back from Utah
we're in Detroit right now well for one
hour and 40 minutes we've you know we've
been to a lot of places for like a date
what do you like this about your
children and husband with my husband I
love that we can laugh together I feel
like when you're not around
like a part of me is missing and and I
actually I miss that the fun that we
have right and the fact that we can
laugh at pretty much anything what do
you like best about mr. monkey let's say
whenever used mr. monkey I wanted to
raise him very different from how
Society had raised their sons in winter
past which we've had a lot of issues
the women being disrespected and
and you know women having to fight the
feminism it's
so I wanted to raise my mr. Mike in a
way where he would respect women
teaching that women are overly short
we'd like to be treated as ladies and so
he's very much like that I see him
holding doors for women
when we were doing our meeting pre he
told a girl that she had a pretty name
Oh mr. monk is such a gentleman and I
mean that's what I love most about him
is he sees how unique and special women
are yeah he treats them that way your
gentlemen what about miss monkey one of
the best things about Miss monkey I
think the world sees the craziness and
miss monkey
but for example on the airplane radius
right here she said can you
so me meet those ever since the babies
were born is the word I've used or
cuddles
basically it means no I thought that I
thought it was like that that was like
meeh meeh dos y ou see and like I say
almost cheese on my back my must me meet
those are the best tenderness even
though she is very strong and funny and
hilarious she loves
and she loves
so one of her best characteristics is
that she sees her tenderness my name is
Chloe
it's any holidays planned for the summer
for mecha
going back to Anna Maria Island right
there we loved it so much we're going
back for your reservation is subject to
cancellation we are going to VidCon June
twenty third fourth and fifth we'll be
in VidCon too much wasabi let's go to
snapchat how long does it take to edit
your videos so how long you know if we
can get a camera that focuses there we
go
usually around two hours per video some
take up to three hours and sometimes we
do like challenge videos where just like
a straight shot that usually takes about
an hour to do so anywhere between an
hour and three hours I'm trying to teach
mr. monkey to edit so he could help me
mr. monkey wants to have a gaming
channel when he's older so I want to
teach him how to edit videos when he's
gonna play an age on credit and drone
footage yes they can have like a drone
footage and gaming channel and when
you're old enough to have your own
channel mr. monkey I want you to know
how to edit because I think that is just
as important as filming the videos it is
important to know how to edit videos and
I use final cut right now that is just a
program that I've been using for a while
and I don't want to change because I
don't really have time to learn any
program but it works but you could use
iMovie Final Cut or Adobe Premiere does
a good question I like that because like
have a technical question yeah mama B
can you
oh we had a few people actually say how
come you never reply back the reason why
I may seem like we never replied back to
some people is that we get a lot of
messages and we try as much as possible
to read them and we spent a lot of time
reading messages for every 20 messages I
reapplied to we get like 200 messages
like we're never catching up but please
know that we do our best to remember
your lives your families what's
happening whether it's good or bad
please know that we do our best to imply
in total throughout the whole day
probably two hours trying to reply back
to as many people as possible although
it may seem like we don't reply to you
when you send us a message we do reply
to many and we read I would say we
probably read more comments in anybody
else
well we've been told that
you reply back what it is like you
people waiting in an airport for two
hours yeah Jonathan all Assad Champa no
Mustafa pees regular people who decided
to make videos and we're so grateful
that people enjoy what we share
what's the educational piece on this
trip you have to think before you say
something like pregnant full if you're
asking for a bottle of water
yeah felt like plucker around if you
like have bottle of water because I said
can I have a bottle of water
Jesus IV Pisa getting really hot and so
they're looking they're struggling
looking for the water in the bag and
there was a little water in the pouch of
my jacket so that's very nice that's
miss monkeys learning to think before
you say something excellent mr. monkey
what did you learn on this trip to
capture every moment because if you're
just looking at a screen play something
else
wow there's a huge piece of scenery
right in front of you you don't know if
you're ever going to come back to that
piece of CNN so I'd say you just enjoy
everything that's revolving around you
and make sure you will make it last and
you enjoy it as much as you can and that
way if you never see you then you'll
know Wow
that piece of that piece of creativity
or art that was amazing
Wow monkey that was amazing monkey you
know what I don't think I have to say
anything you guys nailed it I think this
is Wow
words of wisdom from the monkeys you
guys are the best and can I give you
guys both me me toes
when I learned on this trip
spending so much time with the Shaytards
is that there are going to
you get along with so easily it's just
the easiest thing in the world and there
are people that no matter what you do or
people that have decided to no more like
you you have to be like minded with
people so in the weekend that we start
the Shaytards we're very like-minded in
how we say life having family how you
see
husbands and wives and the relationship
between their children and what it means
to have a fun so our definition of fun
was similar to their definition of fun
and so don't change who you are to make
people like you the right people will
like you and the right people have a lot
in common with you
so we'll be true to yourself and friends
will come
people in love you
and if there are people concerned okay
we can move along on the train of life
to the next stop and
you will find people who will appreciate
who you really are
wonderful wow that's a great lesson you
know what I learned I learned that those
like motorized skateboards are awesome
what's up Supergirl how can you tell
it's a bad sign when you get to your
gate okay so the flakes the late two and
a half hours it's a delayed free time
look what they did you guys want to go
see you know the plates can be super
delayed when they have like a little
tray with like drinks and stuff at the
gate
is nothing lovely
yeah yo ha ha yeah y'all
