today we have a very special challenge
this is the what we call it the
skateboard shuffleboard challenge so
basically the four of us are gonna get
two chances each and we're gonna roll
ourselves on a skateboard and the
closest person to the toons art get hmm
the closest person to the target entry
man cut I can't concentrate where it's
on y'all I can't concentrate the closest
person to the target wins and you'll get
two chances and I have like the names
here we're gonna put on the floor buff
abused old
mumfie's all Jackson competitive
whenever it comes to challenges mama B
gets all crazy
it's all fun we are rolling ourselves
and we're gonna be on our tummies and
we're going to be rolling ourselves on
this skateboard and we're gonna start
come over here and you guys can do one
push so why don't you guys test it first
oh oh we thought oh Christmas tree oh by
the way guys don't judge us but it's
gonna be here forever you guys are gonna
like wheel yourselves and the closest
miss monkey we're good the closest to
the dinosaur without hitting it if you
hit the dinosaur if you hit the dinosaur
you get disqualified yeah you start from
back here you get one push with your
hands and you have to shuffle your way
you will roll your way all the way down
and the closest to the dinosaur wins
mama B do you have any questions no no
questions
you look beautiful with that blue helmet
very cute this is how the world champion
skateboard goes okay one push okay
yes right
way down you see that right there
my shadow just landed right there okay
right there that's how see thousands of
practice shucks
but you guys know this I'm the champion
add many things okay that was one push
one one shuffle
are you ready mama B are you ready do
you know how to do this it's one shuffle
closest to the dinosaur got it Rocky
excuse me I don't need any I don't need
any comes from the peanut gallery okay
mommy
hold on hold on oh there she goes there
she goes right there that's okay
so that's where mama B is closest what
that was very close okay so that was a
great test shot no I want that one no
that doesn't count mommy honey feel me
that's a great core strength pick up
there's no me no no that's some great
core string who wants to go first for
the official shot mama me grandma you
could get out of the covers let's go I'm
ready
okay mr. monkey here's your first
attempt yes yeah one two
oh you are going super fast he put his
foot down put his foot down you cheated
cheater cheater to school about your
first round mr. machine er
disqualify on the first round just go
you know you cannot put your feet down
nice try mr. Monken was apparently not
aware of cheating and using his brakes
so you have one last chance
ah Mikey
running this monkey Wow nice and easy
miss monkey roll into sore no that's it
that's it thank you very much
I was next puppy aka a be a k-8 puppy
oka best puppy ever you guys ready for
this
Oh baby this is how to do it terrible
that was terrible now it's Mama's time
oh mama meet mama beat mama meet her
your hats off backwards your helmets
hunt better aesthetics oh you're up
sucks looking great okay you guys gonna
do that no that wasn't part of a rule
Oh what she bad she went trust Papa mama
B Church Papa B there's humbly mama me
and this monkey monkey miss my second
round this month you win the first round
we have two chances to get to the
dinosaur so now it's mr. monkey always
coming in hot man has come in hot
he's coming in hot man he's coming in
way too hot we're gonna name it the mr.
monkey wall oh yeah please be jack bitch
baby what is going on here shadow miss
monkey whoo
you got a lot to go my friend don't push
it
we're not pushing him ah mom of you what
every time you whoa whoa with your feet
mumfie there it is mommy
whoo and the winner and champion of the
skateboard shuffle board monkey monkey
monkey yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah just watching the
winner champion skateboard shuffleboard
Wow Oh gg gg gg gg Wow mama V you came
very close this time we're gonna do this
again yes definitely
we're gonna have a rematch another time
what do you guys think another rematch
another time yeah you're definitely the
prettiest skateboard shuffled order in
the world alright here we are with a
champion and mister you're kind of like
a runner-up yeah I mean you ran into the
wall so you're technically up around I'm
a runner wall put your runner wall your
letter into the wall up Wow well thank
you very much to Disney XD for
sponsoring this video they sent us this
awesome box so they have a new show
premiering on April 6th at 8:30 p.m.
Eastern Time and it's called walk the
prank so it's a pranking show real
pranks genuine fun pranks with kids you
might have seen them already on vine and
they sent us this box let's crack it
open what's currently what's 40 that
I've heard something moving in here yeah
yeah cuz it wasn't moving yesterday
what's moving today which is kind of
weird
I guess blowing in the Hat I don't know
if Minister monkey got scared but mr.
monkey jumped back quite so there's like
that thank you they riddled this box
with plastic plugs I didn't get scared
don't worry so when I first opened it I
kind of freaked out space pretty scary
and they gave us this this iPad and it's
covered in buns so we have to get it out
it's covered in bugs so thank you very
much for sending us this iPad they send
us a clip where's that clip um let me
play here here you know let's just play
down let's play no stay away so for this
break we needed a sitter and here she is
now chance loves to skateboard this big
wooden monstrosity he cannot go on that
dance
get back here I just lost the Train
so that's a skateboarding prank that
they did it's like a halfpipe prank I'm
gonna leave more information in the
description box below so you guys can
check out walk the prank check out the
full video that's actually on this iPad
8:30 p.m. Eastern time starting April 6
thank you very much and thank you guys
for watching
should we do another skateboard
challenge we do another challenge let us
know in the comments what you guys think
we love you guys so much we love hearing
from you if there's anything else you
want us to do let us know we're down
we're down you know what now I lost this
time but you know what next time I'm
gonna lose oh I ain't gonna lose thanks
for watching thanks for watching well
yeah
yeah y'all
