day two with my lovely mama B good
morning how you doing cool well we just
we got here and the first thing we did
was we were in a music video with Stuart
edge that was awesome so stay tuned for
that we're going to share a link to that
video soon I was possible yeah it's
crazy so we can't wait to share that
with you we're here everyone's getting
massages your monkey no she didn't miss
monkey has no shame - a massage is going
on there's a lot of a sudden let's go
see let's let's go look at these guys
you're getting massage you're supposed
to be working kids to see before they go
onstage this is what happens to get
everyone sign up yeah before the meet
and greets this is exactly what happens
misogyny massages hello monkeys hello
this is a face massage you want to be a
good vlogger you have to have a loose
face okay trust me on this stop just
relax just relax are you gonna be able
to walk after yeah before they put me on
that placement and
yeah you guys remind me where's mr.
monkey oh there is where there's a video
game there's a mr. monkey what silicon
slows man boy jump how you doing are you
ready for the mean green all right and
is your brother slicker to slick yep
let's look at a slick senior and slick
it here is some slick it is slick right
there
you're spiking spice today yesterday it
is like imma be mama be my mama mama be
Beema Beema Beema Beema Beema Beema be I
mean the people who watch our videos
thank you on the bottom all the time say
what what chicken butt what chicken butt
saying hello to everyone it's always a
nice feeling to get to see everyone in
person because we comment as much as
possible online as whoa whoa oh oh it's
magic
Oh No
hello
give me all you got don't hold it bad
mommy's got the good vibes once this is
very yoga that is very yoga look what
you got what you got what you got good
vibes the only way I have good vibe
because she gives me good vibes
she's always when he steps a distance
around myself goodbye
I got ready rid of the negativity
just focus on the positive about your
flooring this light today all that all
that like this in a sea of negativity
you will always find that one happy
person and you focus on that happiness
don't worry about the sea of blue focus
on that happiness and that's how it
works
and I don't know I don't know if that
was the idea for the shirt I like that
and that's why you look at the positives
and everything pops up I love you thank
you I'm gonna marry you I'm gonna marry
her one day I'll make babies with woof
this is a family channel for videos on
the internet
I think so one day we're gonna do it one
day we're gonna start a YouTube channel
to start posting videos
because we love you guys oh and you know
what who wants to see mama B ride the
bull do you want to see mama B ride a
bull yeah yeah yeah well let's do it
yeah let's do it you guys want to see
her ride a bull come on mom let me go
ride that bull got to make the kids
happy you got to make the kids happy all
right mama he's gonna ride this bull to
ride the bull all right miss monkey come
on
hold on this monkey hold on for dear
life different it hold on for dear life
your fate you're gonna eat that bow home
it's gonna get tough you're gonna go
miss my kid here's the fool oh there she
goes she goes down do you think mama B
can hold on to the bowl yeah she's crazy
she holds on tight she does not let go
you can get got a grip oh there she is
ha ha ha she's crazy
nice ball control she's like uh get
ready to get on the ball he's given him
to lesson no pressure
yeah
wait what'd she just say Oh buzzer art
Oh
Oh
Oh
good job you're a trooper what's so hard
on me men well you know something
sometimes I got to practice holding on
for dear life you weren't holding on for
dear life and you know what I was only
controlling the bucking because the
operator was like yeah you can do the
other part we're kind of swings the bull
but he says if you if you press the
wrong button and she falls off you can
actually knock her out
oh thank you for nothing so I said you
know what how will you control the other
part because it's going to make for a
really bad video if I knock my wife with
a bull know what like this please know
we got a rule again Dominion
thank you well that's it see the X live
is done that's a rubber wrap on CVX line
yes yeah this little monkey she's a
talented one yeah y'all
