is that the face you make when you put
lip on
Miami there are a lot of babies on this
flight you're ready to jump on another
plane monkey so we're going to a show
you know the show is called no that's
the channel is that's the network it's
called gay noche I knew it it's like a
bratty show and it's like all Spanish
and how's your Spanish dad really really
bad how's your Spanish I'm here um I
have no idea I'm a little nervous
because I don't know how this is gonna
go because this is gonna be our first
like all Spanish TV show that we've been
on we've done morning shows before
they're all English I'm a little nervous
see how it goes miss monkey you want to
film to take off
you put in fast motion okay
welcome to lock up to Fort Lauderdale I
gotta work on my Spanish little bit so
we're gonna be on the show called a no
change no change now we're just wait for
a bag so hopefully it's like I take the
long let it stop that almost wearing
like a like a beautiful jumpsuit mice
monkeys got a nice little dress for the
show mr. monkey he'll look like a
regular everyday pitbull with the hair
you look like pitbull with hair I'm
actually wearing the shirt that we used
in a New Year's video where miss monkey
smashed me with it with a bottle and
we're almost ready to go to the show I
have absolutely no idea what they're
gonna ask us what's gonna happen my
Spanish is not as good as mama B's so
I'm really counting on Mama B to answer
all the questions and we're all just
gonna stand there me like yeah thumbs up
thumbs up I can speak a little bit of
Spanish you guys know that I was born in
Chile but mama B is the true latina who
can really speak really really well so
mama B we're gonna be on your shoulders
tonight I'm actually really nervous does
I have no idea what to expect it's a
live audience - so we're gonna be an
audience there's gonna be an audience oh
my god we're taking you with us as
always tighten the pearls yeah yes baby
yes all the way
who's ready to go on a Spanish talk TV
show in Miami
no no Nintendo mucho more English ladies
gonna get your hair and makeup did this
is legit legit legit nest save a big
stuff for me you save the good stuff
okay
oh I'll eat only the bad stuff but the
bad stuff is the good stuff got some
treats Cheetos Doritos free those and
some barbecue chips a little water
cheetah we got everything in here right
mommy's getting miked and we're gonna go
we're gonna go live soon I'm almost to
eat in vivo
de noche you know chair what a night
oh my nice yeah we can't sing cuz that
is coffee right separation Sofia Vergara
she don't master
she's master magician magician magician
we're gonna go on soon does anybody need
a touch-up mr. monkey here you taking a
lollipop with you boy you gonna be my
blog they're gonna be the block
all right there's nothing I'm great I'm
just realizing I'm a little greasy oh
thank you so much
yeah they're going they're going
okay we just finished here it's a little
red
how did it go gracias gracias so much
amazing we love you guys you
that's it monkeys it's over no I think
it did really well yeah mama B killed it
she like answered all the questions and
I was just like hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm
it was awesome everybody's been amazing
here your Spanglish was awesome
Spanglish was on point mommy be looking
afresh mama be looking beautiful oh my
goodness whoa
Gracie sugar Gracie we should do it
again monkeys help fresh you guys
feeling oh all right
get some rest monkeys because guess what
we're going somewhere else next route
again road again we're actually going to
CVX live in Utah so I'll put a link in
the description below and we're gonna be
there the Shaytards gonna be there all
kinds of people what's inside daily
bumps it's gonna be a partay thank you
guys for coming with us we love you very
much mama B's or anything else you want
to say bacon a MooMoo choice muchas
gracias Miami Mucha Gracia conoce para
evitar a nuestra familia que queremos
mucho gracias a todos por todo el mundo
gracias por Amer tanto en nuestra
familia o te amo todo el corazon please
that's very Spanish mommy said we love
you we love you guys the family
translation pipe purse
yeah y'all
you
