we're going monkeys thank you so much to
Nickelodeon and go-gurt we're going to
the Kids Choice Awards on March 12th we
have our saved the day ticket
the monkeys are super excited parents we
promise the monkeys will have all their
homework done before they go I know
they're gonna be missing a day of school
for this you guys are gonna have to
catch up before we go you guys gonna
have to maybe study Oh we'll do whatever
it takes to go kiss Troy Jules will wash
the car clean our rooms study next-gen
our do our homework go to school four
more hours
capisco four more hours
oh yeah what else what else monkey what
whoo what else are you gonna do aah
toilet brush that Curly's on the carpet
brush the girth bris the Fillies on the
carpet the monkeys are gonna brush the
frillies on the carpet because this is
gonna be your first Kids Choice Awards
right and I can't wait until you've
super excited oh yes very excited I'm
trying not to show it because if I
showed it I there would be a hole in the
wall it'd be a whole wall and you know
as always we will bring all you guys
with us for the ride I don't know if
you've ever been to a Kids Choice Awards
but we promise we're gonna take you
we're gonna be all snazzy and dressed up
miss monkeys all super-excited you have
your snazzy outfit options yes okay so
we all have our outfits now the thing is
we want you to help us decide what
outfits miss monkey and Mama B are gonna
wear for the Kids Choice Awards put on
some funky music and then you guys
watching let us know in the comments
which one of miss monkeys I would finish
your favorite and which one of mama B's
outfit is your favorite and we will you
guys will wear that what you guys think
yeah that'd work
and as always we will always take you
guys the viewers with us wherever we go
and again this is gonna be something
that we've never been to we've never
been to the Kids Choice Awards yeah
we've never been on an orange
we've been on a red carpet we've been on
a green carpet but never an orange
carpet so this is gonna be excited all
right I'm gonna get some funky music
miss monkey and Mama B are gonna do
their thing
ladies and gentlemen loving your first
outfit miss monkey and here is Miss
monkeymod in dress number two there you
have it so this is outfit number one a
nice little floral dress and I would fit
number two so you guys let us know in
the comments which one is your favorite
outfit and this monkey will wear it to
the Kids Choice Awards mama be your next
miss monkey those two outfits looked
amazing so no matter which outfit you
wear you're always going to be my little
princess you look like a little princess
in both of those dresses thanks very
sweet oh thank you very much oh mama
bees ready and here's mama B with outfit
one oh my goodness mom B is looking
happy
go stop by she looks beautiful
whoo Wow like a queen
look at that dress beautiful dress whoa
so that's outfit number one you guys
gotta let us know which one of your
favorites mama B you can't tell us which
one's your favorite miss monkey we have
seen the first outfit from mama B what
are your thoughts well I think that it's
gonna win because I love the color blue
I love the way it's not too you know it
kind of shows her legs and and is it
looks it just makes her look it shows
her legs mama B's legs were not shown at
all in that dress what are your thoughts
I think mama B can rock a garbage bag
it doesn't matter because mommy looks
amazing in anything doesn't matter what
mama B wears she will rock the house at
anything rock the Nickelodeon Kids
Choice Awards who met what back to you
mama B and here's mama be without fit
number two Wow is that polka dots mommy
wow that's very cute pockets but its
pockets oh wow well there it is yeah
that you got a dancer the funky music
how's your funky music dance oh no Mama
B oh mama B Wow alright well there you
have it both lovely ladies have modeled
two outfits each please let us know in
the comments and these monkeys will be
wearing it to the Nickelodeon Kids
Choice Awards thanks again to go-gurt
and Nickelodeon who we've partnered with
they're gonna be sending us to the
Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards I will
add more information in the description
check the links to find out more and we
will take you with us thank you so much
you know we should end up with some
funky some funky model dancing music
together let's do this
yeah y'all uh-huh yeah y'all
