pensee passed on salman salmon Salman
Salman or salmon
Salman I was upstairs and mama B said
I'm making something special get the
camera
I think everyone wants to see this hi
guys
Wow so what are you making today mama B
I am making salmon two ways with the dry
rub and then with like a sort of sweet
sauce and pasta alla cotta Bona
Oh Bosco I got a Bharata she's really
expand cname for pasta with egg and
cheese oh that's the way they can cheesy
a what's a dry rub you'll see oh I put
my hair up in the air sometimes nobody
want food a hair in their food no nobody
wants no food in their hair you can eat
off the floor can you my kitchen is so
clean you get it out of socks yes socks
check washer you hand Mama's are
watching you hands it's like an Italian
meal that you're cooking pasta alla
Carbonara is Italian yeah it's pretty
Italian pasta alla Carbonara
so I'm gonna salt my water for the pasta
okay I'm going to cut up the beautiful
piece of salmon that is a good-looking
piece of salmon that's beautiful as
potential written all over it
this is brain food right there the Omega
was it Omega threes or omega fatty acid
we everyone we should just google it and
figure out why salmon is good for you
now that is a big piece of salmon so I
am going to cut that I'm gonna make
portions portion
question does it matter how big the
portions what kind of a question is that
oh yeah cause if you say portions like
you just we paid right however we you
want I like it when I ask questions and
then the teacher just laughs at me kind
of remind you when I went to school
no I bring my pen my parchment so this
sheet here is parchment paper yeah you
can when I make cookies I use parchment
paper
he hasn't stick and then you have to
clean this tray it's already clean yeah
it's so much easier when I cook I like
to cook for like two days
what kind of music do you want to this
video mama B do you want to get Italian
music all right you want like a yeah
okay good cuz I picked a nice italiano
music it's been playing since the
beginning of the video yes
forward thinking my friends at this
point if you just slice up the salmon
and put in the oven I think I'd be able
to do salmon
oh is that called clean eating you just
like grab the salmon you stick it in the
oven
you eat it boring a little bit okay so
you're sprinkling salt just a little bit
yeah not too much not too much you know
me I don't cook with a lettuce oh no is
that sea salt this is sea salt I love
you salt I'm gonna do five with a dry
rub and four with the saucy minx
oh so the dry rub I have this seafood
rub seafood rub you just go to the
grocery store and get some seafood yeah
oh yeah let me smell it yeah it's very
strong but it's not strong when you put
it on your fish look at that salmon food
networking got nothing on us baby this
is the easiest thing you can possibly
make so with your salmon right Wow
so we got five like that and then now
you have four left that you're gonna do
something special with you're gonna do a
pasta ginga baba ali on the jig double o
block I don't know any Italian I know
summertime um Buon Giorno hmm
a little bit soy sauce
little bit of soy sauce oh hi mommy
right soya sauce and honey condiments
four days
sriracha maple syrup this champagne you
already put the honey and the soy and
garlic and ginger in there yeah all
right and you don't measure you just
like yeah I don't measure guys sorry a
little bit of this okay and now I'm
gonna come over to the fish Walt I'm
going to can I smell that after cuz
mister monkey doesn't like this one he
likes the dry rub much your monkey likes
the dry rub and miss monkey likes these
ones yes I bought you an apron for
Valentine's Day where is it mama me I
don't know what is it wasn't it wasn't
it the most chic I show it out the
window
see I can't buy mama B anything nice
okay show a fish so a fish make sure you
get all the little pieces of ginger and
garlic and put on top of there because
that's gonna give it amazing player and
that's it you're finished honey
soya sauce ginger and garlic and we got
the dry rub with that special dry rub
sauce with a little bit of salt that
smells really nice oh yeah I cook my
salmon at a high temperature
for a short period of time and I'll show
you the trick of how you know salmon is
cooked because yours an overcooked
salmon because of dry salmon is gross
man okay so you want to like just barely
cooked just barely cook this in but
cooked but just a tiny bit undercooked
jimson that's wait no it's not why I
don't hurry my water I just don't know
how to it Oh Mario Mario she's getting
very aggressive this is the boiling
water boiling wine I can do the boiling
water spaghetti
do you throw the pasta against the wall
to cigarette if it's ready or don't know
why I take a pasta I put in my mouth in
a truck
oh that's gonna go down and I'm gonna
stir it so it doesn't stick to the
bottom so that's gonna cook while I'm
getting my carb or not already carbonara
carbonara what are you watching Roman
Atwood crazy a little bit the whole
house with balls and now Brittany's
gonna come home and like foods can you
say corn uh-huh better banana go and I
know she's too busy watching woman at
what mr. monkey keys I got it wound up
yay
well let you know when the food's ready
she opened it and all the walls kina
never prank me like that miss monkey
mama V know what do you go I go sit down
and I eat whatever you look well I will
never buy you an apron again what would
one onion cabeza
yes okay onions I don't I don't what
what you think I am a newbie when did
you stop crying when you cut onions when
I was like five and I was helping my
mother in the kitchen you know I was
doing the house five picked in your nose
I was picking my nose watching Sesame
Street you're picking your nose I was
making dinner for nine
that's a nice pan yeah that's amazing
it's so excited for kitchenware and
stuff mm-hmm
beautiful well stir your pasta don't
forget to stir your pasta make sure it's
not sticking
so always through your pasta yeah okay
my oven is still heating up so now
technically you are supposed to put
bacon in a cardboard I don't have bacon
all right and I have no intention of
running to the grocery store so program
I have a package of capocollo go piccolo
you can also use pancetta because
anything that has like a nice fattiness
to it mmm that'll leave the nice crisp
in the pan
oh yeah baby copy call oh wow is that
like a salami yeah it's kind of like a
saw me here but I but you thought I
I thought capicola was a bad word in
Italian hey stop moves into technical oh
that's good
here's also good half a package of bacon
so I'm gonna do like that that's got a
nice marble tinge exactly so the
fattiness is going to be very nice this
is gonna smell amazing keep moving keep
moving
Oh stick and move stick and move stick
and move the car polo is now warming up
in the pan a mama B's what do you new
just bootiful not bad right the
fattiness is good it's very good I'm
gonna let that hang out a little bit
okay now ovens ready for the salmon gun
and how long did you have the pasta
boiling so far maybe seven minutes and
it smells amazing gotta make that face
no way beyond Mel's for eggs okay okay
what are we gonna do here well you crack
the ice drop everything inside I knew
that was coming
you want me to stir it while you're
making something please please don't
touch anything I can set the table
I'll set the table I'll do my part we
all do our part
I may not cook but I will set the table
I will make the monkeys beg you wash all
the dishes after and I wash all the
dishes after now I'm gonna put that
onion in there I didn't add any oil
because the fat from the meat is there
what's gonna cook with the onion and
it's gonna give it a nice
labor medley with the onions it smells
so good
specialist adding as the Italians would
say leave it alone no touch no touch
actually you touch it you break ease to
reduce the heat well yeah I don't want
to I don't want to burn the onions the
pasta is good
hey mama B's got the eggs okay four eggs
eggs beating the eggs eat your eggs I
could be your assistant one day mama B I
knew it I'm good I'm good no worries
nice cheese that is some nice parmesan
Pete hey mama B's all over the place in
here mark use these know what the onions
are browning now but just a light brown
e so this you're supposed to add 6 to 8
teaspoons I think 6 to 8 teaspoons do
like measurements so I'm gonna go like
this
okay parmesan yeah in the eggs and the
eggs it's so easy and you serve this to
people and they're gonna be like wow and
you go to a restaurant you pay $30 for
this for a plate of beautiful salmon and
pasta carbonara which just means pasta
with eight so if you go to a fancy
Italian restaurant and you order pasta
carbonara they're gonna charge you 34
dollars a plate
seriously man and here it only costs a
dollar 75 so this is like fancy pasta
and salmon yes right but that's we're
gonna call the video and see pasta is
how much salmon
Salman Salman or salmon Salman you want
to impress your friends you do this you
bring you bring them over and you feed
them this and they're gonna be like see
this is how I tell you just something
that would we ate at their house it was
amazing
now mommy's gonna throw it up against
the wall how is it pasta perfect I like
my pasta al dente and it allows aldente
that means that your teeth can I don't
know what el dente means not mushy firm
pasta not mushy I'm gonna drain that
ha you read my weight this little pasta
intromission is brought to you by any
haircut place because we need a haircut
pasta cutter or not out
you can't mmm
can you see and you see this so you see
how beautiful that is looks amazing
okay sad is the next time finished
get your pasta oh okay we got the pasta
that's being dragged I'm coming over
there I don't when she's putting it
right in
oh my add it to that you're gonna stir
this first I'm gonna bring the heat back
up a little bit put a pot it at a pass
what's up so you are going to stir and
the heat is going to cook the eggs onto
the best step so how long does this meal
normally take half an hour half an hour
an hour forty minutes so you got to make
sure you flip it pasta that's right if
it's one thing that culinary school has
taught me make sure you to you um you
spin the pasta you spin me right round
baby right round like a pasta
a little bit of pepper you can add salt
I don't because the parmesan is very
salty already this bus does finish that
pastas done look at that see anything
that is a nice looking pasta right Wow
that's the capicola pasta and carbon
atom on our pasta carbonara d-o-d emoti
I remember that song which I've had that
roughly tea emoji um TGR metier metier
you know it no I know that but I that's
the owner yeah mellow voice I sound like
one of the Muppets you want to see this
salmon you see down here this white
stuff coming out yes I see that white
stuff okay but that white stuff means
that it's almost finished it's not
salmon milk okay so do you know what I'm
gonna do now you're gonna turn up the
heat most of my dishes is I'm gonna put
the broil on it on broil baby and I'm
gonna just crisp up the top do not leave
this area when you have broiled on okay
stay here so if you broiled stay here do
not leave because as soon as your walk
away and you forget that you have
something in royal it will burn yeah
which I have done it many times anybody
can be calling me what if someone's at
the door no what if a kid on a bike runs
into your door what why would they do
that you just learn how to write awake
we're gonna plate the bus psychotic or
not with the coca-cola Oh in the
culinary world this is called plating in
our world it's called getting ready for
an Instagram picture take a food selfie
before it gets cold you throw it on your
Instagram see how many likes it gets
Wow the fancy pasta and salmon dinner by
mama be beautiful easy fancy magazine
he'll help leave some the Simon's very
healthy the eggs amazing super amazing
beautiful meal to serve your family your
guests your friends your neighbors your
co-workers your everybody your BFFs DFS
your homies your squad thanks for
watching I gotta get your comfy clothes
up here yeah y'all uh-huh yeah y'all
