hey guys hey guys
our friends at stick pot contacted us
and they wanted to recreate our vines
using stick buds and what our stick
models stick box
are these really cool figures and you
can use stick box to make stop motion
videos using your imagination so if you
want to make them go to the beach go to
the mom you can do that with the stick
but and it's like a little green screen
yeah so in the green screen you can film
a video a stop-motion video with these
stick BOTS and you can choose anything
you want with the screen with the z3 I
like a Z scream today we're going to be
reacting to the vines that her friends
that stick button made for us now I saw
these already and I was amazed but today
the family is gonna see for the first
time and I want to see your reaction
okay cuz it's pretty amazing okay these
are our most popular vines that we've
made before so you guys know we're
minors before YouTube's right yeah these
are the most popular vine that stick
bought recreated do you see the level of
detail they're using clay for that scene
and they have like I guess they're using
the green screen in the back that looks
exactly like our house are you guys
ready to see this yeah yeah this was the
first vine we ever made with the sword
it looks like
this is how you make a fruit salad the
first big thing oh my gosh she looked
like it wasn't even stop-motion at all I
got was my goodness some watermelons
that was insane think about what you can
do with this they just recreated that
vine okay now can't get any better than
that man oh no it gets better it gets
better
yeah yeah check this out kids we hit the
dad knows it with the width of it get it
right that was the whip was before the
death I remember this look at this they
have the car the background let's all
look watch to watch the slow-motion with
the liquids in the school bag men how
crazy is that
that's incredible lastly I didn't know
what you were talking about when you
first told me about this this is
incredible
it's literally making me emotional right
now it's so cute and adorable and some
of our best moments
yeah yeah right yeah there's a lot of
memories a lot of good memories with
those videos these stick box this stick
box and there's there's one more your
guys you wonder why this is probably one
of the most popular vines that we made
okay this will bring back a lot of
memories you hit the switch then dinner
dad done was that crazy my goodness look
at that thing you have a bottle smashing
look if you have our post in the
batteries need to hear I want to see the
bottle smashing it's amazing everything
new I know this is insane you pretty
much do anything you want and this is
what they did okay now watch the
side-by-side comparison okay you guys
ready for this kids walk
take my do you guys know what I played
with when I was a little kid what a
block of wood here's the artwork from
the recreation there's monkeys I know
what I could say hats off to you guys
stick by family is Campinas families can
recreate special moments home videos
there's so many things you can do and
it's using your imagination your
creativity guys available at Walmart and
Target this is like an animation studio
that you can get they have these new
stick bought dinos look at dinosaurs so
you can do all kinds of cool dinosaur
stuff you create you animate you share a
little stick bought action figure won
Miss B if you want to recreate guys
let's not forget we have some for you
we're gonna do a giveaway on our
Instagram
they tuned for a post with the stick bot
giveaway and it comes with a free app so
you guys can just go ahead and start
doing as soon as you get it and if you
already have stick bot make sure you use
the hashtag stick pot whenever you're
posting something because it'll be
shared on social media we'll share it
I'm sure that our friends that stick bot
will share it maybe our friend that
stick bot will do another one and we go
like another video like this down below
in the comments what other vine should
be recreated using stick bot guys we
love you
we're gonna leave some descriptions down
below for you to visit stick bot and get
some more information after this I'm
going to go and make a movie thank you
guys for watching we love you if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and we'll see you again soon
we literally stopped filming and now you
guys are onto making your own stink buds
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
