I love it super-good
hi everybody hello everybody hello we
are so happy to be working in
collaboration with Bill and Melinda
Gates on how they can all inspire change
positive change in this world and it
starts from very young and so we are so
excited as a family to be participating
and teaching mr. and miss monkey how
they too can roll with the spirit of
change positive change and working
together every year Billy Melinda Gates
write an annual letter outlining their
take on key global issues this year's
letter is called two superpowers we wish
we had the letter challenges readers to
imagine what their superpower for good
would be the goal of the letter is to
explain how we all have a part in this
world to make the world a better place
so via education development health care
we all have a place in this world and we
are all connected in this planet and we
all can start from very young
participating in things that can help
other so this year Bill and Melinda
Gates were asked by high school students
if you could have any superpower what
would it be
their answer was pretty awesome it was
time and energy in certain parts of the
world time and energy mean a completely
different thing here time and energy
would be more time to spend with the
kids
more energy to do things with the family
time and maybe some parts
third-world countries would mean instead
of washing the clothes for half an hour
it would take them two hours because
they would have to go and get the water
and then wash everything by hand dry
everything so it would take way longer
because they don't have what we have and
the commodities that we have there's so
many parts of the world that don't have
any energy at all so just imagine
monkeys that there were no energy what
would we do if we have no power here
freak out freak out
go crazy there is fire probably I don't
know the power tool it's just a few days
ago for a couple of seconds we're like
we're like crazy but life is over the
Wi-Fi went out and we went nuts so these
are things that we take for granted and
so we can all impact change we all have
a place in impacting change and that can
be by donating to a charity or giving up
your time volunteering most of all Villa
Melinda Gates are incredible teachers to
the rest of us as to how we can do that
and so for them they came up with the
idea of what is the super power for good
maybe you wish you had and that's a
great question it's mr. monkey if you
had a superpower for good what would it
be well my super power for good would be
to teleport anywhere in the world as
many times that I want because if I have
that superpower I would be able to get
food and get everything but the people
who don't have food and don't have
electricity and they don't have things
like that I would be able to get food
and things like that and teleport all
the way to them and you give it to them
that's pretty awesome good well you just
monkey my name for my superhero would be
your girl and my superpower would be
there would be a cure for everything so
nobody has to go to the hospital and
nobody has to get a flu shot
I hate cool shots nobody has to go to
the doctor the nurse and
and they will even have to need to build
a nurse's office in school and I'll
always have medicines with me just in
case it catches the flu or something
like that so sure girl and teleportation
boy my super power for good would be
that education would be accessible for
everyone around the world for all
children for all boys and girls and that
it would be free and that it wouldn't be
a choice of whether or not you can
afford to go to school that you would
and so especially girls would have that
option if they do want to stay at home
to raise their family and take care of
their family or they can have a career
they can work outside the home they can
do something that fulfills them and
gives them a sense of value and so that
would be my dream is that all girls
particularly in this world would have an
education Wow so you'd be education and
go to your name pww education woman and
be mama be always always comes up for
like the most intelligent response
because I'm like no I like Billy Melinda
Gates his answer time IOB time I'm not
on that guy in class be like yeah just
with what she said my superpower would
be access and I would be called access
man a.m. and I would give the world
access to anything they need tools to
build tools to help education woman all
kinds of different access to
refrigeration light energy I would be
access Masto stoves when you actually
read Melinda's answer it is fascinating
because she points out how she spent
some time in that
and there was a woman who it would take
her all day to cook for her family
because she had to cook over an open
fire and so that took so long and by the
time she went to get water and come back
it took her hours of what it takes us
minutes to access so that's amazing
puppy access oh thank you very much I
appreciate that Bill & Melinda Gates
this letter is available online so if
you go to the gates letter dot-com I
will put a link in the description check
that out the full letter will be there
and you can read it it's awesome it's a
great letter and you can also put your
superpower that you would want for good
down in the comments below I cannot wait
to read your super pairs that you come
up with in the comments down below so as
you can see Papa V is already to make
the world a better place and we hope
that you will join us special effects
