Oh boom boom
today is a fun day for the monkeys they
decided to choose what kind of challenge
we're gonna do today and monkeys dancing
around over there what was the challenge
how many times you can cheat dad's head
using two two rules of any challenge cow
challenge so the monkeys basically want
to shoot me in the head with the nerf
gun that's gonna be the challenge for
today so and you basically have to shoot
it hammer myself in the eye one at a
time the monkeys are going to try to
shoot me I'm gonna go stand over there
and the monkeys are gonna stand over
here put a little marker there and they
will go over nice nice booties are those
boots what are those what look what I
don't think I'm gonna get any headshots
on me
their aim is terrible they're all
excited about it but they're not gonna
hit anything
so Oh the monkeys are loading up we also
got hollow the another jaw
yeah under the orders of my orthodontist
I'm gonna go put on a mouth guard and
not not that my teeth are all mighty fit
a little jacked and they're gonna be
fixed eventually oh but my orthodontist
said I should have hrothgar's oh and a
few more glasses I borrowed the Frog
ball so if there's any chance at the
monkeys will even come close to hitting
me in the head
nothing's gonna happen I'm gonna work a
mouthguard firm blockers I'm ready
hold on no plug it in three two one
forever huh
don't worry yes Brown wad miss monkey no
headshot clothes got me in the shoulder
all right mr. monkey I don't know if I
even need this anymore you know I'm
gonna keep it just in case how you feel
I feel gross I got hit right now oh my
god hit you could see it my god guys
look at that look at that guys look at
that
miss monkey you're up for one more round
okay three yeah
that's it miss monkey two official
headshots one from mr. monkey got me
here and one from miss monkey got me
right between the eyes
so here up mr. monkey last round this
roll of marbles right here if you get me
on the headshot you win the challenge if
you don't it's officially time and then
I'll have to bring mama B next time and
she'll have to do it okay what for
walking euro oh it's a time
monkeys how do you feel I don't like
flying
you don't like the time Oh headshot see
you guys Todd you both got me on the
official headshot you guys got me in the
neck Laura
what did that oh good that you guys did
that yeah but whose monkey you know I'm
very fair-skinned so really anything
that that hits me in the neck no matter
how hard for how some yeah it makes it
makes a mess so it didn't hurt that much
I was a little afraid I forgot I think
you're gonna have to have a rematch on
the next up next John cuz you guys tied
I think the only way to end this is for
you guys to make sure that you don't
miss oh
thanks for watching yeah y'all haha yeah
y'all
