I'm going on your words Darius you you
have my word it's not married okay guys
it's time to go to the theme park let's
go check it up pack it up pack it up you
gonna go on some sick roller coaster
saying you know what the day is
beautiful you look at this better I love
a woman that loves bacon good morning
mama B hash balls good morning sleepy
sleep how you doing
the music is awesome mama be all mama
bees ready she's ready to go on some
rides we're gonna go on a ride that
actually shows you the whole park first
so this rod you have to strap in because
it flips you upside down no and then it
spins around so what it does is it you
gotta have you get harnessed so it's
okay you're not gonna fall out and then
it flips you upside down and it just
shakes you like that you okay with that
no I don't like scary I'm being mean to
you are you okay with miss monkey
trash-talking you as soon as we get to
the roller coaster ride she bails up she
she bails yeah she's a big baler are you
a baler you gonna bail out today yeah I
was small you was small but now and now
I'm not small
lego man water from this earth I
I think this is definitely the best job
in the world if not one of the best jobs
in the world being a Lego master builder
it's a lot of fun nearly the Legos you
like a Lego master master Lego master
master like I've never been called that
before I like it you guys don't have
anybody named Bob in this group David
guys hi David Bob the Builder yeah I was
gonna go with that
this is like a Lego builders dream they
have every single type of Lego piece in
here
unlimited Lego dudes
are you ready for the roller coaster and
I'm going on your word that it's not
scary huh you you have my word this is
not scary
well am i a dead man what what do you
mean is it scary you know as fun it's
just that first problem
it's a challenge
mama versus papa now we're gonna see who
gets the high score
all righty get a selfie done mama me and
Papa be tied mr. monkey got 18,500
you can hold your own we were again we
were meant to be
you are crazy
we're gonna have a challenge right now
it's gonna be boys against girls and
we're gonna go on this Tower of Power
and basically you have to go up and down
as many times as possible six is the
high score the record six is the record
I will challenge you girls to a Tower of
Power race you got it okay blue team
what do we have for the strategy on the
boys side how we feeling over here girls
pretty rugged
okay what's the strategy finesse okay
yep team works make the dream work
solid game plans on both sides
it was a close one that looks like the
boys won my hands are killing me so
competitive and you know what's funny is
that you don't realize how high you are
up there
I know and you're so competitive pulling
on this thing and you get up and you're
like pop you're like oh boy that's high
great flame I mean oh those good game
good game
you're respecting the stop sign yes
mama B oh I see you got something
healthy you got bananas everything's
awesome miss monkey still has energy oh
sorry I'm not miss monkey this is like
some upbeat music on the way out keep
the spirit I so fun I hope you enjoyed
it mama B does not want to leave she's
getting carried out right now mama B you
really need to listen mommy wants to
stay but it's just getting a little
crazy here mama B's nuts but they're
carrying her out right now because she
wants to stay we got to go mama B we got
to go
