kids the Legoland hotel this definitely
has the wow factor that's for sure who
died Wow
yeah exactly
disco music yeah whoa we got a dancer
and get a dance you got a dance does
something go Irish my whole house is
like those squishy floors
this hotel is off the heezy of the heat
is it off the heezy for sheezy monkeys
yeah it is off the heezy for sheezy so
as soon as we came in the monkeys went
crazy because it was like a like a
little to them ms monkeys lost her mind
completely there's like a treasure chest
here
and they had to do a treasure hunt and
they they figured out what to do it had
all kinds of awesome goodies and juices
and snacks and toys there's a whole play
area here mr. monkeys just already
started building we are lego addicts so
we are definitely building all kinds of
crazy stuff here like a whole play area
here yeah oh oh look at this guy's the
Legoland Times the big search for a
little villain the lego movie 4d a new
adventure so we are here not only to
explore the hotel but we're gonna
explore the theme park and we are also
here for a movie premiere at Legoland
and is the 4d adventure so it's a lego
movie 4d adventure I'm very excited as
this is me like a whole red carpet
premiere thing going on so we're all
gonna get all fancy and schnazzy we got
our suits pressed we're ready to go so
we're gonna do that tonight and then
tomorrow we're gonna spend the whole day
at the park and we're just gonna like
take on everything we're just gonna do
everything we can have fun enjoy it as
much as possible monkey because we're
only here for two days and we got to do
as much as we can this is incredible
guys oh we got some shampoos all for the
ED diesels I wonder if they got lego
babysitter's no I'm saying we want to
share our experiences with you if you've
never been to Legoland Resort in Florida
we want to make sure that we can share
this experience with you then I go live
load a resort some swag in a big I think
this is my shirt guys this one's mine
called it if this hotel room is a play
area has an awesome bedroom for the
monkeys has a treasure chest yeah the
bathroom must be awesome I found the
shower curb that I wanted our house
seriously guys
this is the kind of room that if there's
a Lego brick on the ground
I don't mind stepping on it best part of
the room go everything everything
everything everything um did I forget
everything last but not least everything
favorite part of Legoland so far
bunk beds table secret um German super
treasure heart and yet so far and it's
been like five minutes in this elevator
we can dance
well I see somebody's ready for the
premiere oh you are ready for the
premiere
your mama bees looking beautiful as
always we ready mama bees ready all
right let's do this
if you guys can prop it like a little
videos so we're at a pre staging I think
it's a pre staging here before the 4d
show and everyone's heroine strike this
is Amy Larry's and your daughter Aubrey
my daughter is re Anderson Emmons my
nose really come on exam Lily come on
our family here let's do that like
pretty little picture right there
and they also have a YouTube channel and
what's YouTube channel it's called food
mania we're going to min ago food mania
may reduce I will also drop that the top
and I'll put in the description you guys
got to check it out we do is awesome now
watch this 4d adventure to make a lego
movie together gonna have some fun so
let's go have some candies I think I
suppose see what kind of candies they
got here
the movies about to begin mama be
exciting yeah you're super exciting
she's excited about her purse too
we are waiting for the lego movie for a
new adventure starts it will be a very
fun adventure everything is awesome
would you like that yeah it was amazing
no snow water wind no confetti
there was a lot it was amazing mommy did
you like that she get wet it's amazing I
got so wet but it was worth it it was
definitely worth it who needs friends
and you got your professor everything is
awesome they play everything is awesome
if they all kinds of really cool music
here does everything is awesome this is
what it's all about just being happy and
positive when I go back we know what
hotel room is spectacular we gotta stay
in the park yeah we want to stay in the
park we went to Rome we want to roam
around but tomorrow's a big day
yes so today we saw the awesome 4d movie
spectacular we got wet we got windy it
got wild it got crazy can't wait for you
guys to check it out but tomorrow is the
theme park and we are gonna go crazy
mama B is not a big fan of a roller
coasters but she's going tomorrow
yeah yo uh-huh yeah y'all
