welcome to Jamaica mr. monkey welcome to
Jamaica it's absolutely beautiful here
and we are here for Christmas we've
never actually gotta wait for Christmas
so this again your first time
celebrating in the warm weather Santa
Claus is going to be here
you're doing a whole gala dinner they're
doing all these like celebrations and
all these performances I want to teach
you making Santa Claus basically we've
been here for like three or four days
already it's been pretty windy but
pretty much the monkeys have been
spending a lot of time in the waterpark
this is Zen this is where they did the
teppanyaki where they were dancing with
Jamaican styles they're all like turning
up and laughing and going crazy
Oh
good morning miss monkey how you doing
we finally woke up
and you feel you've been sleeping nights
yes you're eating my sensible breakfast
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas Eve here Christmas qu
merry new year and happy Christmas
Wow mama B we forgot our ornaments you
didn't know about it
the the Christmas vacation veterans they
know what time it is yeah so they bring
their ornaments and they hang them down
the windows of their rooms Merry
Christmas
hi Merry Christmas
Thanks well any more Oh C loaded me I'll
manage ready me chorus on this is the
lazy lazy here when I stop Merry
Christmas mama being what's Christmas
time in Jamaica oh the weather outside
is really amazing we want to share
everything with you so we are sharing as
much as we can and hopefully we can see
Santa Claus I wanted to make in tanta -
everybody's in the Christmas spirit
mr. monkeys got his Christmas clothes on
me I got my white panda dress white
panda dress on fleek with the shoes very
cute very nice the open the palm trees
are all set the Christmas spirit is
alive in Jamaica
Oh
and alone
the hubby will turn up all night
these guys will party all night mr.
monkey what I think it's time to sleep
don't you think anybody else's future
planning on turning up they plan on
turning up here a mama B what's going on
Merry Christmas mama week we're the
Monkees it looks like the bitch dust
they took their hats off when I miss
gente Oh we were doing our Facebook live
feed and the kids were like see ya later
we are out of here we are out because we
don't want to miss Fanta oh I see them
over there like mad we do I want to
dance like her okay we're still waiting
for Santa Claus all right big guy
finally finally he made it safely what
the elves got the hoverboards of Jamaica
all we've been doing is just lying down
sleeping and enjoying the weather
marching band time all right we're just
marching band ad are you excited there's
a parade I'd resort right now and
they're all coming over here I've never
seen a parade before at a resort party
you
on a party
sigue sigue that wasn't a lot of fun I
was worth getting out of the chair take
drink
gonna go to the waterslide and good
we've already had an awesome show to
watch
there's my basic dun dun
and now we're just gonna go to the water
side oh how are you feeling today mr.
monkey I got really bad camera skills
he takes like five minutes to put on a
hat
where are you
go to the water park it's waterslides
I've never seen water slides like this
at a resort this is ridiculous
lifeguards are on patrol here keeping an
eye on things making sure everything's
good yes
where your sister
well this is it guys the last day of our
vacation mama be are you happier you sad
ah
very sad yes
I don't want to go home even any kind of
wonderful I don't want to take the son
with me yeah and the Jamaican people
yeah they're really awesome they're
really nice and then Jamaican food could
you make it food and the music
everything about this trip was awesome
we had so much fun
miss monkey did you have fun yeah add
lots of fun what was your favorite part
making things making friends all that's
so sweet it's like any slick what was
your favorite part of the trip uh the
food yeah yeah hmm my favorite part was
just spending time with my family
oh it was an honor just being Nami was
you know nice were nominated would like
well hey if I could have one wish in
this world it would be for world peace I
would just like for everybody to love
each other we tried to show you as much
as we could take you with us as much as
possible so here it is the ocean guys
one last time and we're gonna go in
you're gonna go in look those waves look
pretty brutal
looking awesome Jamaica has been very
beautiful to us thank you so much oh we
love you guys so much all right there
you go take care thank you
which many people are beautiful Holly
the sky here okay okay guys enough of my
bug and I know you guys could stare at
mama B all day
not a pig every little game it's going
to be alright
mama B tens and I burn
apparently I wore a turtleneck the whole
time and Mama B without the Sun thanks
for watching guys
watch thanks for watching we love you
very much we appreciate you and that's
why we'll take you everywhere I need I
think that fake tan or next time on
bring fake tan spray with me yeah y'all
