whoa okay so today we're gonna do
something that we've never ever ever
done in our lives well maybe not in our
lives because there's been a there's
been a time where we didn't have phones
but we're actually gonna leave the house
we can't remember those I can't remember
those that's been a long time and we're
actually gonna go out together and we're
gonna do something that doesn't require
us looking at our phones every what
three minutes ten minutes in my case
every two seconds this is a camera this
is not a phone this is a camera so we're
gonna document this we're gonna go
bowling there so the camera doesn't
count as technology because I can't be
checking my camera every three minutes
so we're gonna have that on and we're
gonna have some fun we're gonna go
bowling monkeys you excited yeah Tellis
which is a mobile provider they said we
want you to expect more this holiday
season we want you to expect more family
time and expect more holiday fun with
your family so they're like why don't
you go bowling and I say yes can I take
my phone then they said no you cannot
take your phone but they gave us these
so they got holiday mode sweater is for
your father holiday mode sweaters check
this out guys they gave us these holiday
and mode sweaters almost like a mr.
monkey sweater for our tablets and our
phones we're gonna put that we're gonna
leave it all nice and cozy and we have
mama B's phone we're going to stick it
in the sweater
mommy nice and warm keep it nice and
cozy my phone is actually too big for
the sweater they actually gave us a
mantel and they said put your phone into
holiday mode with this fireplace of
video you put your phone in here and
then you close it up and then you can
watch your video from the fireplace this
is an actual fireplace what does this do
oh yeah you have an hour fire on your
smartphone if you don't have your own
fire you do that look at that guy's
you get your own fireplace my smartphone
is gonna be the fireplace within a while
oh is it too hot and then we have our
phones in the sweaters that's the safest
fireplace I've ever seen
all right monkeys it's time to go let's
go bowling I'm usually better than
everybody when we when we Bowl okay what
will smoke you boys versus girls strike
challenge so mr. monkey and ice
lickety-split we're gonna be on a team
together our combined scores versus mama
B and Miss fuzzy pants over there we're
gonna see who wins so that's our bowling
challenge and you know what we're gonna
try to do we're gonna try to ask the
people at the bowling alley to go to the
back we're gonna see if that works or
not where the paint or the paint job
yeah I always wanted to see that I
always want to see the pins so I always
want to see like that bacteria it's so
like mysterious for me so I want to see
it I'm gonna see if we can do that see
if it lasts
let's do this family Emily first of all
we have to get coffee
because if we're gonna destroy the
ladies in bowling we got to do it with
some caffeine and some doughnuts
right you got this and so far it's been
ten minutes without the phone and I'm
not shaking yet which is funny because a
phone operator that tells us to put our
phones away at I like that I like I like
that that's very nice in the holidays
especially during holidays this is nice
my mom be you're gonna go third I want
you to go first but the monkeys are here
so they're gonna have to go first
Starlin good
that is like my biggest fear getting my
fingers stuck inside the building first
of all you grab the ball
no pressure miss monkey let's go to
spare this
okay how are you holding up without the
phone how you holding up without a phone
- oh okay I'm just kidding
you guys got those sour face well you
got the sour face yeah
don't worry you guys got a lot of
brainstorm up food the scarfs coming off
your serious business business now I
can't make you nervous so if you held
that pose though what have you got to
spec scuse me mama P this is a Family
Channel
oh oh so close that was great though we
got people in the in the crowd watching
people are throwing things and it's
getting really crazy out here
see easy easy
that was close mama be a little nervous
but she got the strike run for cover
mama he's gonna shoot 127 104
disappointed but you guys did great
you guys did amazing it was awesome that
was a very close fight but the boys win
this challenge
now where's my phone oh we're trying to
ask to go as close as possible to the
pins I want to see how they look so I've
asked so hope you get some good news
yeah can I put you my blog Joseph's
gonna give us a quick little tour
hey I just like crazy obsession with
like looking at the mechanics of these
pins look at that now this is like some
behind-the-scenes stuff right here
sweets
yay comedy is like I don't understand
why you think that's so fascinating I
think it's awesome mr. mica was that
cool my bucket list is very different
from your bucket list my bucket list
doesn't consist of Vin Diesel
I love this place cause it's super clean
everything works which is only the bonus
thank you thank you so much what do you
want me to do for you
thank you very much Telus for taking
away our phones and making us leave them
at home we had fun it's not as bad as I
thought I thought I was going to be
shaded but we had a fun time of laughs
leave a comment down below let us know
what you guys think our next challenge
should be thank you so much we expected
more we got more we got more family time
together
I didn't stare at a screen I didn't
check any messages it was awesome thank
you to you the swarm the behind the
honeycomb we love you guys so much we
love you we'll see you later
