hey guys we know how much you love the
three marker challenge so guess what
we're gonna do today
Incredibles but we've haven't even
watched the movie yet I'm mr. incredible
no you're not
incredible doesn't wear it backwards hat
no Jack Diane had enough time to comb my
hair guess what they're still rising his
muscles over species three marker
challenge and it's gonna be all
Incredibles are you guys ready for this
you guys know the rules yes they pick
three markers out of the bag and the
challenge is that those three markers
are the markers the only colors you're
gonna get to color with let us know in
the comments who wins each the first
picture your boys of color is the
Incredibles logo okay
what color is that I don't know - race
Oh more orange orange you're glad you
got those three colors pink gray and
orange I should not be looking purple
blue and greens it nice to make sure
like that well that's gonna be nice
Papa has a logo on his chest and there's
I have orange and orange oohs all year
so this was what the real logo looks
like and I have orange so I can do this
well use your imaginations orange an
orange is already pretty much into a
logo I think I'm gonna do something
original but it's a little twist
you know this is not exactly a human so
I can't make it very funny
we got a mr. B here and he's got purple
yeah for the main logo the prettiest
combination of colors I've ever seen why
thanks you have the traditional look
there because you're going a little
orange so you got lucky with that
there's a lot
heavy-duty coloring we got there
contrary to last time you don't have to
put any mustaches or greasy hair on this
because it's a logo are you sure
challenge accepted how do the rocks
rocks but I have an idea this is just
packs look at this brush leave brush
marker Oh getting a little scammed
there's nothing in here this is just a
scam so don't forget other color I want
to get an exotic color oh all right get
drink oh man if any of you guys know
doctor disrespect oh man you're in for a
treat
doctor disrespect yes I'm only doing
funny things for the humans for locals
don't want to keep it nice and judicial
you know hahaha
what singsong I am really sucked
what are these markers what are these
markers that you're picking angry cat
beats markers been in there like a time
capsule for like five years and then
been taken out you got ripped off
is that okay does that consider a rip
off marker that's a rip off okay you get
another color to choose from wow these
are Irish Lisa oh brother
same thing I really hope this is not a
ripoff
every fall Freddie you getting ripped
off are you getting another ripped off
marker oh my goodness how are these
markers so drying yeah I got like a
peach color okay all right this looks
like your enjoys gotta go with what you
got guys make the best of it art is what
you make it and sometimes you're gonna
get try markers oh my goodness man you
need to rebuy some workers do you think
you've won this round mr. bean
definitely I mean I don't know what the
competition is
reveal your Incredibles logos in three
two one yeah yeah
miss B has a very traditional logo she
got ripped off on a couple of those
colors cuz it's red oh nice little
smiley face see the resemblance were
like really close your cousin yeah okay
okay and then I got some traditional
orange around the RAM me I got purple I
stand for afraid of bulls aka my could
of bread I don't even know what this is
very nice well there it is and mr. bean
I got a nice doctor disrespect
Incredibles logo as you can see right on
the eye tooth Don champion doctor
disrespect don't let us know who you
think when the surrounds I I think I did
let us know in the comments guys are you
ready for mr. incredible
I have an idea look he looks just like
me does he really pull the jawline
we doesn't have a jawline he's got a
huge jawline who's gonna win this round
let us know B and hopefully you'll get
ripped off with the markers or else
we're gonna have to make a 3d pencil
challenge there it is free air challenge
Hey it's straight up paper
I got oh no no see primer uh you can
also use it as primer I think it's
called the Primrose like I've got also
known as brown or tan color seafoam
green yeah couldn't even said turquoise
but that is okay my next color and the
last one is raspberry do not try this at
home guys these guys are trained
professionals
you can change mr. incredible it doesn't
this is incredible
yes all right Jason this is incredible
brother back in my dad you're grounded
fun creations here making the best out
of their coloring here oh man this is
looking swell hi I know what to do this
is what mr. incredible actually looks
like and we'll see what these monkeys do
Arnie it's gonna X out this Incredibles
logo because it's not the right it's not
the right movie
me too we're the face of concentration
that mr. B has whoo look at the
concentration that Gabi has hey ka miss
beat it get a Miss monkey aka the crazy
one BC and no well sorry that was really
okay what's wrong it's close aggression
issues do you think you won this round
definitely no monkeys three two one oh
my two completely different mister
Incredibles Williams and this is who's
got Wi-Fi kids so he's got like three
chin so I'm just peachy Too Faced
eyeshadow can't see it's on the mask and
then some nice NARS blush he's got some
resigner pajama fitted she's kind of
doing a little too fairs I learned that
the physics of light in this morning in
school physics of flight yeah yeah who's
like drag lift gravity light I think you
can remember Buzz Lightyear whoa sorry
we got Buzz Lightyear yes we do
I just put mr. incredible and a giant
Buzz Lightyear suit so as you can see
here i used the 30 markers to make Buzz
Lightyear buzz is old this mom okay
final around
we got tropical violent these are my
colors pretty cute
thank you break down take the highway
you what did you get beautiful colors
yeah if I want to make this very quick
and easy I got purple brown and grey
none of this and plum okay baby you
should have put violet in here maybe in
the next video what are you seeing -
completely different pictures we got
here
I made make a little Eiffel Towers on
his head what who's more relaxed
coloring you or your brother brother
why do you get stressed out when you
color yeah you're done with yours yep
I'm done with mine we will reveal in
three two one
I've got two completely different Jack
Jack's yep one is a like a punk rock
Jack Jack
with some was in jail who was in jail
Jack Jack was in jail he broke out of
jail Jack Jack has some funky hair he's
learned a prison suit he's got some nice
painted nails with rings a choker
pierced ears some punk hair smokey eyes
and a most fish game aha the famous most
- mr. B
well wouldn't like a line actually I
just let my creativity take over lying
baby moose I don't even know what I just
drew but I'm kind of scared and I think
I'm gonna have bad music all right we
have all kinds of crazy sharp hooks and
things on this baby
yes the baby's got grinch fingers which
is also very concerning looks like
something out of Star Wars I'm not quite
sure let us know who you think won this
last round that is the final final round
okay guys that's it
let us know who won this challenge and
next time you know what we still got a
do miss is incredible we still got a new
violet we still got to do - there's a
whole bunch of other characters frozen
whole bunch alright guys if you guys
want to see another incredible three
marker challenge let us know and maybe
mama bee will join us yeah don't forget
mr. bee has his own channel I'm gonna
link them up right over here or over
here somewhere guys mr. bee he plays all
kinds of games and does all kinds of
cool tech unboxings so don't forget
about that guys there's a whole bunch of
markers on the ground thanks for
watching the monkeys gonna clean up no
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribing ly to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
