Rosi Rosi birthday Oh
cause of all your naughty Oh like that
Wow you kind of look like Princess Leia
getting in are you getting in the mood
so today is a mac and cheese Star Wars
day because the monkeys are all super
excited today playing with everything
Star Wars and Mama bees gonna be making
her world-famous super mac and cheese
homemade macaroni and cheese homemade
macaroni and cheese it's like a
casserole right yeah always gonna be
sweet that's very nice are you excited
for the Star Wars de jambe
well I never actually watched a Star
Wars I have never watched any of the
Star Wars movies so I have to catch out
okay mama B we're gonna be catching up
on some Star Wars but your hair is on
point
your hair is very cute mama B let's make
some mac and cheese I think the Princess
Leia things have to go like over your
ears or something much sure please Lea
look earmuffs
really I think so yeah it's
uncomfortable yes her buns are over her
ears I didn't get the buns ready close
enough for the buns hey Princess Leia
don't have your earrings
so one point for you end up about the
Star Wars we're gonna make some mac and
cheese now mama bees getting some stuff
prep her it hating preparations prep
repairing she's preparing stuff I can
use up the whole block of cheese pretty
much I hope so
ed Kenton I think rapping she's so cute
she looks so cute mama B Princess mama B
that's gonna be princess that's gonna be
her name we're talking about real mac
and cheese with real cheese in the sauce
hopefully we get mommy to sing a little
bit because it is macaroni and you know
what happens when we make a pasta into
the household
storge okay so we are using macaroni
pasta depending on how much you want to
make maybe two or three cup when do you
need cheddar cheese about two cups okay
two cups of cheddar cheese or maybe just
this whole block we can do yeah and half
a cup of Parmesan cheese or maybe the
whole cup of parmesan maybe three cups
of milk three cups of milk or butter I
don't need like a bit of butter for the
pan to put the macaronis in I'm using
this it's like butter spread but it's
like healthier so that's what I use for
butter for the pen and for the sauce
about two and a half tablespoons of
flour some bread crumbs to sprinkle on
top half a chicken leftover whoa we have
half a chicken leftover we don't throw
anything out in our house so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna take off all this
chicken and I'm gonna line the bottom of
the casserole with chicken oh okay and
then the macaroni will be on top
oh you scoop it is this chicken and
pasta and cheese and cream s and
awesomeness that's gonna be very nice
Molly yeah princess mama being in the
house making macaroni and cheese all
okay so I did the cheese come on we did
everything else
all right whisking I am starting to boil
the water I'm not gonna salt my water
because there's a lot of salt in the
cheese so now I have a pot here where
I'm gonna make the mac and cheese sauce
mmm mmm so you need about 1/4 cup of
butter so I'm just eyeballing this
another thing about 1/4 cup when I make
cereal I never measure the butters gonna
melt and then we're gonna start adding
the flour we're gonna make up what they
call a room a room yeah it's the
beginning of a bechamel sauce a bechamel
Sikkim vinyl sheet set down boom or in
Spanish we say Santa Blanca oh so good
you pour that over like french fries and
it's funny because this mac and cheese
casserole has nothing to do with Star
Wars we just decided to make that today
and have Star Wars day so you are making
a sauce here with the butter and the
flour
nice and slow the Heat's on medium heat
only medium heat and keep stirring
okay sorry this meal take a ton of
stirring surf stir stir stir don't stop
stirring that's the real butter and
flour yeah that's the beginning it's
always the beginning the beginning to be
listened I think a lot of languages
sometimes they get all confused in my
brain maybe your braids are too tight
oh my meeting you ain't gonna eat any
like a woman today no no I'm very sorry
now we start with this
so you're not pouring all the milk all
at once no you have to have a lot of
patience for this
butter flour and milk so you're
basically making cookies no and meanie
ah there's no rule I love this so much
rue Jamel the monkeys are downstairs mr.
monkey got Star Wars Battlefront so he's
playing now you come for the rest and
make it the best you show that creme
who's boss so now we are going to add
our cheese oh yes beautiful cheddar
I'm responsible for that cheddar that's
gonna start to melt I become a creamy
milk flour butter cheese the easy mac
and cheese nice to meet ya he's cooking
we don't feel like cooking you just pop
open a box
think of the microwave yeah we do that
sometimes too so let's look not let's
not get so crazy
sometimes we do eat the mac and cheese
out of a box latest Mac and Cheese
selfie game right here water's boiling
is blaming Bay Mike her old it I'm an
eyeball it
you're gonna eyeball you and go half a
bag not like 3/4 oh the water is boiled
and you just put your macaroni in there
so you basically always have to stir
that cheese I like to stir and it's
gonna start melting let me turn this up
a little bit
mac and cheese mac mac and cheese how
long do have to cook the mac the
macaroni for until it's cooked
Rosi Rosi birthday oh
comprar toast ah
ah cause of all you're not a pastel
formaggio is that what it is
masterformat yo man yo so I turned it up
a little bit and so you can see the
cheese oh yes you can add a little bit
of pepper okay so while we're waiting
we're gonna go see what the monkeys are
doing Oh
funky socks man is coming down the
stairs with his funky socks what's
happening what you do mr. monkeys
playing star wars battlefront house that
was a nice control you got there boy Wow
miss monkey what you got there all you
got the the galactic connections I want
those I want some I want some
we got the star wars that galactic
connection dis mama B's dressed up as
Princess Leia upstairs to the buzzy guy
yeah my mom's got buns upstairs mr.
monkeys playing video games miss monkeys
playing with her galactic disks gotta
happen you know mama B has never seen
any Star Wars movies people are
everything
we're gonna have some mac and cheese
we're gonna fill our bellies and we're
gonna watch some movies we need a
monkeys this was a contest that we were
promoting a couple of weeks ago and a
winner has been found so make sure you
check Walmart comm I'm gonna leave the
details down below to see if you won a
room makeover to start wars room
makeover so somebody actually won
somebody won the contest and I guess
someone found the disk and they were
deemed it for a gold disc we didn't win
but that's okay we got a lot of discs
and there are still discs out there so
the contest is still open
what are we doing you're shooting people
no I know
oh is that do I shoot that man why you
shoot anyone that's not a stormtrooper
oh you shoot me ah oh oh you did oh I
just got smoked oh so bad at this so bad
oh come on who am i shooting the red
guys yeah oh he just blew me up okay
well I'm no good at this well thank you
very much monkeys the mac and cheese is
almost ready able to go check and see
what's going on with Mama beaten
and cheese I leave you for a couple of
minutes and you got what you got here
mama B these are bread crumbs on half a
cup of bread crumbs I'm gonna brown my
bread crumbs I've never seen anyone
brown their bread crumbs Wow
you're in for a surprise what's been
like eight minutes ten minutes
how's that taste mama B Betty would
drain the pot stop you put some more
that organic butter on there yeah so I'm
just gonna add about maybe a tablespoon
and a half-ish and that's gonna Brown
nicely that's to go on top to crisp it
up no particles okay and I go around
some none of the pasta sticks you can do
this with a brush too but I was taught
with my fingers to do this so I just
like stir like this is there anything
special or am I like the worst stir in
the world I'm the worst I am the worst
door in the world because I was staring
for three seconds and then mommy took my
hand off you make me nervous
the chicken that's just a little bit of
added protein ate those are toasted so
that's nice that's my nose s cheese peg
dog okay yes sir
beautiful creamy cheese oh oh my
goodness you're just gonna spread all
that love ya know
it's amazing oh oh there's princess land
in this princess mama be with the cheese
I bet you're Princess Leia can't make
mac and cheese like this it's bubbling
mama B all right we have our toasted
bread crumbs on top not got on it
Makana chicken macaroni a ton of cheese
and some toasty bread crumbs on top Wow
miss monkey
do you like we have the finale and this
is just a little bit of paprika Oh
paprika for the fricos everything's
cooked already but I'm still gonna cook
it together so that the beautiful liquid
from the cream sauce goes into the pasta
and it's all beautiful medley together
that's gonna go 350 in the oven for half
an hour
okay now we wait I meant at the end I'm
gonna crisp the talk remember the Royal
dog good video good buddy Oh No mmm we
are waiting for the mac and cheese
casserole
mr. monkeys doing a little dance cuz
he's excited Oh whoa zoom zoom zoom zoom
oh my goodness
kids listen to the sizzle my favorite
feature royal royal so when you broil it
that means you're burning pretty much
like that you're cooking the top you're
baking it yeah just to give it a little
bit more crisp eNOS a little touch-up on
top a little bit of touch of crispness
but you have to stay here
royal is very fast oh my name is if you
walk away and forget your meal it's over
what do we have
oh well there it is guys
mac and cheese casserole with a bonus of
chicken at the bottom roasted chicken
roasted chicken oh yeah cooked
vegetables in the fridge I just heated
these up a little bit
made by princess mama B now that oh that
is really nice
thanks for watching everybody mama B
thank you again for making the amazing
mac and cheese casserole let us know in
the comments if there's anything else
you want to see her make and maybe we
can get mommy to make it come on
touching your phone Oh ladies first
yeah yo ha ha yeah yeah
