good morning everybody
it's a beautiful day and it's time to
make the neighbors laugh I'm gonna do
the cheek music challenge with one of
our neighbors what's that the chick
music challenge is a challenge where you
play music with the cheeks and I don't
think anyone's ever done that and that's
what we're gonna be doing today gonna
try with the neighbors first and then
I'll come back and I'll be squeezing
your cheeks okay okay I think this is a
first I don't think anybody else has
ever done the cheek music challenge so
we've partnered up with Carnival Cruise
Line to bring more fun to the
neighborhood and to help the interfund
come out of our neighbors and we're
gonna we're gonna help them a little bit
hopefully with this challenge we can do
that wish me luck
mama B hey how's it going how are you
good sorry I didn't want to like pry and
like just start filming you as soon as
you open the door do you want to be part
of our challenge video today cello video
yes I got eat like us and didn't really
know you'd have to eat any cinnamon what
I want to do is we just need to borrow
you for like 10 minutes okay and we're
gonna do a cheek music challenge it's a
witch cheek music challenge she can his
ik alright hey Kat this is Ryan show
everybody and we're gonna help you let
your ear fun know you're gonna help us
out play with his sheet music challenge
alright so you guys do like cheek
bagpipes and the monkeys are gonna have
to determine this song it's a random
songs here you guys have to guess it the
first song okay hit your cheeks ready
okay alright okay
there you go you Joe okay no it wasn't
Jake a little C okay okay okay so now
you know the song okay so we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it oh okay you guys
ready
yeah very that was very had a little
lamb miss monkey hi miss what you won
nothing all right here's the second zone
ready it's one one this one okay now do
that one how's it going going hmm
pencil tone girls whisper dream okay
yeah yeah I'm ready I was doing a
different part all right this is it
right here the tiebreaker okay okay
oh no Ivan Sawyer bingo bingo - miss
monument miss monkey bitch bitch oh yeah
well miss monkey wins I was very close I
think you guys did a great job where you
have to continue this cheeky music
challenge other time pick some other
songs as you know we're partnering with
Carnival to let our neighbors and
friends get their inner fun out and I
hope we helped you with that rash
exactly do we help you with that thank
you
