it's torture
alright ladies and gentlemen today we
are doing the pizza challenge you guys
know the pizza challenges yes we've been
asked by many of you guys do Oh pizza
challenge and this version of the pizza
challenge
is going to consist of a hat with lots
of funky ingredients inside the Hat and
we are going to make a pizza and I'm
going to pick out five ingredients so
we're going to put on the pizza the
monkeys are going to pick the
ingredients and with the help of the
lovely mama bean you guys are going to
put the ingredients on top of the pizza
and then I'm gonna have to eat it
there's some really really nice
ingredients in here by themselves are
amazing but on top of the pizza might
not be very nice are you guys gonna eat
it with me yeah you want to try it too
this is the pizza challenge and thank
you so much to Canadian Tire for hooking
us up with the pizza oven we got a pizza
oven for this this is a special pizza
oven bub snap a black and decker face
the oven and snack maker so they hooked
us up with this and we're going to be
making the pizza with this up frozen to
fresh in five minutes this thing is
amazing really simple really easy to use
there's a ceramic coated tray we're
gonna be using it today for the pizza
challenge this doesn't only make pizza
this can do baked goods you can do
cookies do all kinds of snacks neatly it
can make wings and you know it's awesome
you don't have to turn on your oven to
make a piece anymore or to make cookies
you just turn on this little pizza oven
already here it is the pizza oven and it
comes with an itchy little handle to
pull out the ceramic tray use this
little handle
boom pull out your pizza put it back in
there it is the Black and Decker beat
the oven pits mapmaker are you guys
ready for the pizza challenge looking
beautiful now she's already she's
already got the pizza set here with some
sauce and some cheese hello lovely mama
B so we have our pizza here and we
already have some salt and some cheese
and we're gonna start adding some
toppings come on baby gonna help out
with this course you're gonna help out
with eating this words mom mommy can
have some too first ingredient pair au
pair we have a pair we have a pair dad
are you bitch shut up talking pairs so
we have oh so we have sauce cheese and
pear this just went from weird to
terrible let me smell that we need to
get a smell Arista smell that's terrible
the smell is just just so there's pear
and go on with that much oh she's
sprinkling kale powder on top of the
pears on top of the cheese on the feet
you know on top of the sauce oh just
awful Oh
Naples zero
the maple syrup maple syrup zero the
ingredient getcher oh she's the she's a
torture master Oh doesn't this people
look like Darth Vader it looks like yeah
looks like Darth Vader's head oh it
looks not maple syrup by itself
thumbs up name is Neil with kelberg
don't bump down ooh mr. monkey please
tell my doesn't matter at this point it
does it better what do you put on this
you go go go yogurt ah yah yah yogurt
can I check my yarn I'm gonna be alive
oh yeah you can eat this oh wise mr.
monkey so happy well thank you I set
some kale and yogurt right off and get
some hot sauce oh we're gonna be feeling
dish next morning so sure oh gentle
gentle gentle yeah so gross come on oh
my goodness
it seems that miss monkey is a little
heavy okay we're gonna go one more
mama B please oh this is nice okay this
looks awful like a phony or anything
good there's mushrooms I think in there
ready oh now it doesn't matter if you
put mushrooms and this is going to be
disgusting oh this is awful
come on because the monkeys are gonna be
eating this as well
we're gonna go have these on the
jalapeno just a pair in the jalapeno is
like but it's like sweet and salty good
that's good wait pal opinions kale
powder yogis made nose area maple syrup
hot hot dog jalapeno and jalapeno
that's disgusting again very well yeah
very bad yeah I think it's gonna go very
bad very are gonna be delightfully
surprised really well okay
mama B I want you to grab the handle to
share here's the handle here let's walk
over to the back maker okay so there are
two knobs on this there is the pizza
sort of level indicator so if you're
making a regular pizza a rising crust or
deep-dish or you can set the time from
zero to thirty minutes so we're gonna go
ahead I'm just going to set it up to
like ten minutes
I'm gonna put this pizza in for you and
then we'll see regular you know what it
looks great going in
I can't believe money eat that it's
torture the pizza is ready
who's it for about ten minutes I may
have cooked it a little too long but but
you get the pole my goodness
wow that still looks actually awesome it
doesn't look that awesome eight yeah
well this definitely has a lot of stuff
done to it so it's a crappy well I think
they need a maple syrup burn how does it
look in time jambe yeah it smells like
maple syrup yogurt and jalapeno and kale
Popeye
Oh with the jalapeno it cooks so fast
this is definitely a lot less than ten
minutes it would take the cookies uh-oh
what's in the pizza hair okay maple
syrup jalapenos hot sauce yogurt jeez
regular tomato sauce let's all take a
bite out of this pizza in three two one
that's really good
we lost one you put on this hey mr.
monkey it just look a weird I'm not I'm
good I'm still in the first bite okay
good the hot sauce and the jalapenos are
super spicy a pair is pulling it off you
liked it was this supposed to get bad
experience oh I can't eat it there's so
many different flavors going on right
now in my mouth that shouldn't be
together oh okay so clearly mama B wins
the pizza challenge mama B wins again
how many challenges have you won so far
right oh wow
thanks again to Canadian Tire for
hooking us up with the pizza oven and
snack maker that was awesome I'll
include some more details below on the
pizza maker and we made a whole bunch of
videos with Canadian Tire a whole
giftmas playlist I will also include
that at the end of this video and in the
description so there's some really funny
videos that we've made once you guys
check it out so thank you for watching I
also leave in the comments below what
other ingredients we should put in on a
future Pizza challenge so now we're
gonna watch mr. monkey eat the rest of
this piece thanks for watching everybody
uh-huh yeah y'all
