few minutes if you get a few fingers I'm
a movie we're big kids and we like to
have fun we like to play we like to
sometimes shoot nerf darts at our kids
we're very competitive in a gentle way
it gets a little heated sometimes and
we've had some nerf battles the path we
destroyed the monkeys last time it was
all so thanks to Canadian Tire who has
hooked us up we're not going to be
shooting it the monkeys will but you
guys check this out look at the size of
this thing
yes it covers the entire screen this is
the nerf Rhino fire this thing is insane
it has 225 dart drums in it so it shoots
50 darts in a row this thing is a beast
to turrets it's amazing
motorized rapid-fire blasting so you
don't even need to pump it you just
press a button it shoots we feel bad
because we beat the monkeys so bad last
time we destroyed the monkeys so if we
did wave issued another challenge to the
monkeys and they will each have a nerf
Rhino fire elite we're gonna have our
own I hope they're bigger than this fuse
we have the pewpewpew we shoot one dart
at a time but you know what movie I
think they're OK I think we're gonna be
fine because we destroyed the monkeys so
badly last time then I feel bad so we're
gonna shoot with these little pew pubes
that shoot one dart at a time and the
monkeys are gonna have oh my gosh the
Rhino fire blaster look how happy this
kid is yeah Chad I got you Chad oh yeah
let's open it up
this thing it comes with a bunch of Nerf
darts it has the two drums it has
instructions and it has this little
connection here where you can like plug
it into the bottom of the Rhino fighting
just I set it down on the ground this
time we're gonna wear protective eyewear
yeah Oh little monkeys it's time for a
little nerf battle time for little
revenge monkeys are here look at that we
got two Rhino fires set up for you and
Mama and I are gonna be using these guys
ha mr. monkey has eye protection miss
monkey has eye protection because even
though I have a one dart and Mama B has
a wonder we can still pop you in the eye
so we'll be very careful just in case we
get rocked by a couple of darts in the
face even though you're not supposed to
shoot us in the face but you never know
what happens we got to be very careful
we have a bag of bullets just in case
mama bonus for us yeah that's wrong you
guys have you have hundred rounds oh you
guys have a hundred rounds in those
things this time you're at a slight
advantage I would say a slight advantage
but you know what we're champions this
is how we roll you don't need to have
crazy weaponry even though it's amazing
we can shoot with the pew pew pew is no
problem oh oh oh mama beat this mama
beat this
pew pew dance you do this if you get a
YouTube yes are you ready yeah three
yeah
yeah
and destroyed ringing ha
Oh
we got drunk in this one the monkeys got
us thank goodness for these glasses ah
mama is out hope you fuse didn't do any
babies you filled up here's the
aftermath oh are you ok mama B huh the
monkeys they won they beat us with the
rhino fire ah where we're going to issue
another challenge thank you so much for
watching thank you Canadian Tire for
hooking us up with these run all fires
and allowing our children to shoot us
with these I'm going to add some details
below in the description for some more
specs where to find this and any other
information thank you so much for
watching
there's a there's a rule that I forgot
to mention here is the winners clean up
yeah yeah yeah
you
