so mad what okay we know how much you
guys love it when mama B plays video
games so I found another special game
for her to play she never played this
one before either so this is gonna be
very interesting to see how she reacts
to this where's your mother
getting ready well I have a video game
for her I told her she's got a game
she's gonna play today what are you
doing
the moment we've all been waiting for
mama B do you like clean video games do
you like telling the truth yeah right
guess what we're gonna film you play
another video game today okay I know
previously we haven't had much luck
giving you a game that was very peaceful
this time it's a very educational game
that's great it's called baldies basics
and education so the teacher's name is
Baldy what let's let's go downstairs
I'll show you oh she's ready you ever
leave this room no this is mr. B's
favorite room I think it's your favorite
room - we'll do a gaming room tour soon
so stay tuned for that we'll show you
all the cool stuff that we got here I
think we should do a house tour let us
know if we should do another house tour
and a game room tour no not another
house or a full house tour we did want
already that was nothing but we're doing
baldies today Bogey's basics and
education and learn I'm learning mama
B's getting set up right now Oh what do
you think about these lights mommy I
like that we shouldn't do rhythmic
why are you sweating so much was with
West you can look around with the mouse
left click is to pick up objects oh boy
take it easy ok Mouse look around
spacebar look behind you and wave
goodbye to your friends to your friends
because if he does eating okay good job
pickup point that's surprising ok so now
you go to the left door click it then go
inside
yes now you go straight to the notebook
all right there it is six minus three
three one plus five six gone mad what
hey was like a sound yes all that
question how can you solve it just give
it an answer I hear every door you open
okay you that yeah that's him he's
coming okay he's gonna slap you with his
ruler what so I can leave now right we
have to find five more go go keep going
is it behind you
he's behind press spacebar okay what do
I do now what are they oh that way quick
run I got you I got you I got you okay
I don't like the man with the ruler yeah
his name is Baldy I hope you don't have
a space bar unless and also if you have
to jump rope right these coming okay
maybe not you're running just keep
running whose face is that oh man this
is very stressful
look it's okay you just keep going right
right yes just go right mama be
education is very stressful
do you think you can you can finish
Baldy game you think so oh geez Wow hey
man you ain't like to talk to soda
really good commercial oh you're so good
at that
yeah he's really quick at that thing and
looking behind you ball he's coming wow
you're making it pretty far I know we
had a seven notebooks those voices are
so terrifying
for you attention you should know it's
not being counted let's go baby
oh now it's been coming you can win then
you dance you can win it if you put your
heart in this let's go baby okay that's
not fair oh I don't like it because you
come out of the Lord it's there it
doesn't give you a chance yeah on a
scale of one to ten I'll give it a seven
a seven yeah maybe 6.5 what about game
graphics graphics okay guys I hope you
guys liked that edition of Mama B plays
let us know down in the comments below
if there are any other games we should
play anything scary anything fun let us
know we'll do it up next stop maybe I
will teach at home for tonight speaking
of video games mr. B has a channel so
I'm gonna link him over here and I'm
also gonna link him at the end so you
guys guys check out mr. B's channel he
plays video games he was on Fox things
he does cooking's he does singing he
does all kinds of things Lulu how long
do you think mama B would last playing
for tonight that's the question the
whole game victory royale oh you guys
are so cute and we love you guys too
okay see you next time guys we love you
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on
and a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
