happy Anniversary happy Anniversary
happy Anniversary happy Anniversary
happy happy happy happy happy
anniversary
happy happy happy happy happy
anniversary
mama be are you ready for a day of
excitement and fun oh love and passion
love and passion happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary happy happy happy happy
today we're celebrating 13 years
together but it just really felt like 13
days cause you're so beautiful
we're gonna have a fun day today many
carriers and penny carriers in penny
cures some pedicures today manicures
pedicures we're gonna go for a massage
massage having some fun elevating being
why your voice so deep mama B will
happen what happened mom abhi why your
voice so deep sorry bro bro why do you
know whatever you coming down with a
cold something I think when it gets
really cold mommy's voice drops Wow this
day is so nice it's so beautiful
just having her coffees before we go
inside there are no bees in the car so
mommy's not going to destroy the
interior again fighting any bees the
buttons are still sticky these buttons
are still very sticky but we're good it
was funny because the bee came into the
car and you just went crazy with a
coffee so now we have coffees with the
windows closed 13 years with this lovely
lady we've had our ups and downs we've
had our ups and downs it's not perfect
to know anyone who thinks that they're
gonna get married and think that it's
gonna be prince charming and fairy tale
no the entire time is way off it takes a
lot of work a lot of patience a lot of
commitment a lot of dedication a lot of
selflessness selflessness selflessness
communicating really really important
covering each others butts being selfish
doesn't work in a relationship no every
relationship is different every person
is different but what I do know is you
got to work hard if you want to succeed
in anything and if you want to succeed
in a relationship you have to work
really really hard it's not easy
we never ups and downs but it takes
communication and you have to talk
things out talk things through and
that's it
but we definitely have lots of fun you
have to laugh as much as possible yeah
laugh as much as possible thing life is
way too short to take everything too
serious
we had a small wedding 50 people and it
was good food good music that's it
that's all you need if you're gonna if
you ever plan a wedding don't get
pressured into making a 700 person
wedding or spending fifty thousand
dollars on a huge wedding if you have
the money and you want it and you feel
like burning money fine go ahead and do
that in my opinion you don't need to
have a mass
of crazy wedding have a sensible wedding
great food great music what was her
wedding song baby you're all that I want
when you're lyin here in my arms oh I
can't remember a wedding song we're in
heaven
it wasn't Bryan Adams that sang it was a
remix kind of like candlelight one yeah
with the girl's voice it's very big I
get very I get very emotional when I
hear that song it is such a sweet song
so seriously alright mama B let's do
this
do you use the massage thing when you do
this yes is the massage chair the muscle
feels like I'm getting hit in the back
with a baseball bat and we are out
goddamn nails did got our feets did so
mani-pedi oh yeah let's see them hands
Oh your toes - yes that's awesome look
very nice mommy glamorous I was gonna
bite your fingers and now we're gonna go
get a massage happy Anniversary happy
Anniversary happy Anniversary happy
anniversary
happy happy happy happy happy
anniversary happy happy happy happy
happy anniversary
okay one hour later huh back from the
massage how do you feel good that was
very nice a little painful was it was it
painful for you yeah I kind of made a
few faces you make those funny faces
when you get massaged
please those are the faces you make yes
well I make I'm a completely different
faces when I get massage we're driving
to home and our wedding song the dance
version of our wedding song is on right
now
they're crazy that's crazy
okay so it wasn't this version it was
like a slow candlelight version so we
didn't we didn't have our like wedding
dance so like dance music
yeah nothing can change what you mean to
me just hold me now
our love will light the wave who wrote
these amazing lyrics great lyrics they
cried out of total diverse event cut the
Wikipedia that
good times and in the back I'll be
standing there by you
Oh Miami years there was only
we only wire
nothing can take you away from me
that's over now to me coming back for
more
maybe you're all that I want
allowing here my heart
finding it hard to believe we're in
heaven
yeah y'all haha yeah
