hey guys hey guys today we're going to
our neighbors house and we're in an
alley weeks it's super windy right now
between houses so we're going to film a
what's the challenge today yes make me
laugh challenge so we're gonna ask our
neighbor to participate in a make me
laugh challenge and we're partnering
with Carnival and we're going around the
neighborhood to try to help people pull
out their inner fun you're channeling
your one interface channel your inner
fun and I sketch first we got a stretch
monkeys are stretching getting ready for
the make me laugh challenge okay we're
gonna go to our neighbor's house and
we're gonna knock on his door see if he
wants to do this go lose goals hey how's
it going good to see you how are you
good to see a friend here Cory and he's
going to be part of our challenge today
Cory you have a bottle of water
excellent
so koi has a bottle of water and what's
gonna happen is Cory's gonna take a swig
of water and he's gonna have water in
his mouth and each monkey gets a chance
to try to make and laugh he's one
laughable we're gonna have to bring out
your inner fun oh really yeah serious
face and miss monkeys gonna try to make
you laugh okay and go no no he's not
happen lovey it's okay mr. monkey you're
up go ahead mr. monkey
first new laughs first loses yep keep a
straight face if you have that water and
so let's just sing a sweet and then
we'll just go I'm very sorry for your
blog
I lost winner thank you very much
yet we're partnering with Harville to
help the neighbors and friends around
the neighborhood bring out their inner
fun and Cory definitely brought out
either fun today I have to try that with
a monkey thank you very much for being a
part of this thank you
oh I'm gonna make sure that divot oh
don't worry
