it's family game night or what I like to
call the night I teach the family what
losing feels like because tonight we're
playing quick cups spinmaster actually
also makes what do they make monkey
they make kinetics and tonight is all
about the quick cups it is a really easy
to understand game you see the picture
you grab your cups and you stack it in
the order of that picture and color and
then the winner who dings first wins so
it's a really simple thing see the
picture is stack the match ring to win
it's gonna be the four of us tonight and
we are going to do it up carefully
gameplay with a kick quick with the
quick cups now what the heck boy don't
be different thanks again to Spin Master
for hooking us up I will leave details
below um as to where you can find this
game mama B actually has been creating
the punishment a 40-day punishment now
there is a there's a punishment
the game doesn't actually have a
punishment you play the game you see the
picture you ring the bell the first one
to ring the bell wins but we just add a
little twist you don't have to do it
it's not part of the game really but
we've added a little punishment and mama
B's been working on this punishments
mama B has the punishment here and what
is the punishment well I wanted to do
something funny not too terrible I
thought it would be funny to have lemon
pieces and onions Oh fu movies
I know and spinach smoothie
Oh so we will play the game and see who
wins I want to see my mom eat a big
plate of that onion that's what I wanted
that's what I want to see you want you
what what that's actually not part of
the game but all right let's do it
this is when it comes with cups a ringer
and cards
nice and easy the way I like it
everybody has your five colors yeah all
right you had one job mommy Auggie to
the game are the most card fighting
fastest player to Ranger cups in the
same order as a picture card and ring
the bell
simple enough a whole lot of card BAM
it's just that is disgusting but it's
gross here's the thing
I don't know if that's the real quick
humps you guys can check the description
once you get the game you got to figure
it out for yourselves but let's say you
get it wrong and you ding it first you
eat that onion you got to wipe down you
okay judges it is it green red black
blue yellow stacked the same green red
black good very depressed she hit the
button I hit the button she has water
popped off and you guys still work in it
No
all right so we have a discrepancy we
have a long break on this the last
person to ring the bell will you do the
honors of drinking the go ahead there
she goes
you don't have to chug it all but it's
good oh she's taking this fat you're
taking that spinach smoothie like a
champ
oh okay so those name this is not really
a punishment for miss monkey let's get
back yeah three it is finish first mommy
did it wrong it's supposed to be black
at the bottom yellow blue green red
mommy did it upside down so mommy you
got a bonus video or the winner keeps
the clerk mama B for being disqualified
you have to do punishments so any
punishment you get to choose to either
suck on a lemon or you gonna take a bite
out of that onion oh you're just gonna
bite into the real onion focus okay
bigger bite mmm oh that's terrible
terrible oh I want to see you do that
again Oh
ah wow I've never done that in my life
you've never taken a bite out of
anything if I have an eye in my life my
eyes are watering right now okay so for
the technicality ringing the bell
prematurely tomato tomahto
did it work so there are two options in
this game you can either have a picture
that is stacked and if it's that get the
stack the colors like so or you're going
to see some boards on business like this
and you don't have to stack anything you
just have one of these you can align
them for those colors so the person who
can align on the fastest wins
suit up this ready yeah one I'm the last
one I get a punishment you'll get
punished what do you guys want me to do
onion the family wants me to take a bite
out of this onion look at this white and
there's like lipstick marks I'm gonna
fight on the other side I'm gonna take a
little bite just like mama B no here we
take a huge by big one ready oh oh
I know it like punches you in the face
there's like a hundred of eight there's
a fun girl I know he's crazy he's so
gonna juice when you swallow this the
onion juice is disgusting what a bad
move that one haha
good job you're the next one this monkey
well then everyone ready cuz I'm gonna
hear any complaints I wasn't running
trying to eat this onion disgusting hey
are you still chewing that said the
worst we're gonna have horrible breath
oh I guess you a lot of at all final
round
eeny meeny miny have to be by the toe if
you don't let it go eenie meenie my love
yeah all right no knocking stuff over
guy what huh Oh mr. ma commitments grab
your punished whoa no way no way talk
about a grand finale are you squeezing
lemon in the spinach shake he's using
all the lemons lemon what he's called
lemon look em in wedges goofy nice job
okay
Oh students yo
- pepper my I thought there were lemon
slices I didn't have the word way I'm
sorry tropical lemon wedges 30 - drink
it all with lemon and spinach hey I
immediately regrets that decision I'm
sure all his braces and everything oh it
was it was he finished it with spinach
and lemon man Rooney's you know what
Harun kick it up a notch when it was
them gaming they weren't satisfied with
daddy's clothes that is quote we had to
you know to kick it up a notch check it
out
pick it up just a little bit think we're
not making a tea like uh like ghost
peppers or anything who has the most
cards right now you supposed to play up
to like all 25 ultimately who is the
winner who has the most card three mama
B has three miss monkey has two mr.
monkey has two King mama B mama B is the
game night winner winner chicken dinner
you guys have fun oh yeah set the cup in
your nose IG monkeys having fun
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys enjoyed that there it is quick
comes thank you very much to Spin Master
for hooking us up big shout out to the
Spin Master
yeah I will leave for details below you
guys can check this game out maybe we'll
have some more family game nights what
do you guys think monkeys yeah
Oh
