hey can you talk for a sec yeah
absolutely bud what's up okay so I've
been thinking a lot about the future
lately and maybe settling down one day
and maybe even getting married married
that's amazing
well no contrary to what they say you
definitely have a lot of free time hey I
was thinking the kids are at their
friend's house for the rest of the night
maybe we should have some you know alone
time
I've been cooking and cleaning all day
that's all I've been doing taking care
of you you didn't even same things I
have my visitor understand me yeah it's
definitely awesome being married
marriages yeah I mean I figured you
would be the perfect guy to call about
it because you seemed so happy uh you
share the responsibilities a lot of
times she cooks I cook it's time to
barbecue but it's really cold outside
are you kidding me I delivered your
children you know how much pain I was in
do you know the meaning of labor you're
gonna let a little bit of cold get in
the way of feeding your family and then
take care of your responsibilities happy
wife is a happy life man that's what
they say
I mean call me crazy but I'm also
thinking about having kids right away
kids yes right you know what right away
is awesome whoo-hoo who ate all the
cookies Oh what do you went out come on
you have like school get some more
cookies of course I think the best thing
about it is when your kids like the same
things that you do it just makes life
that much better how do you do it man
like what's your secret
you know honestly the secrets just to
find some time alone once in a while
just to gather your thoughts
a reset you know
it's all about that balance thank you so
much man like I'm really happy we talked
anytime man I'm here for you it's all so
clear now Hey
again thank you what a happy family
good answers yeah y'all
