have you heard about the crap that
doesn't get the charity
he's so shellfish you're already winning
of your nose ready yeah have you been to
the crazy peanut party show that place
is nuts did you hear about the guy who
won the pickle eating contest he's kind
of a big dill
that was a nose breeder that was a slave
spit but I think you guys passed not not
dots dots for me to know and you to find
out no okay
okay I'm turning it up I'm turning it up
did you hear about the elephant that
doesn't matter yeah they call me
irrelevant we should go I have a dentist
appointment
it's at 2:30 okay here we go
I got water going right down my neck did
you hear about the can crusher that quit
his job he was so depressed you guys
want to face me for the final one okay
but don't laugh no don't but don't don't
over don't overreact I don't want you to
spit in my face for no reason
okay all right you guys ready for this
week
you okay oh this is gonna be a tough one
I already lost track all right let's go
let's go no no no don't even don't even
okay this is it this is it
knock-knock things fix the doorbell it's
broken
you got it like it fix the doorbell it's
broken
what are a dance teachers favorite
numbers five six seven eight why don't
some couples go to the gym because some
relationships just don't work out
specially laughing more that I would do
I tried to eat a clock once but is very
time consuming she doesn't want to spill
on the floor that's them go on the floor
beneath the spill this is very serious
now it's a serious news okay did you
guys hear about the bakery that burned
down last night
the business is toast I used to have a
fear of hurdles but I eventually got
over it know what why did the pig stop
sunbathing because it was bacon in the
heat your lap no spillage I can see a
little filly bad did you hear about the
crime that happened at the parking
garage it was wrong on so many levels
oh it's because the parking garages have
different levels there's like a lot of
levels so there's a crime monster oh I
get it
this is also very serious did you hear
about the guy who was whole left side
was cut off yeah he's alright now that's
a classic you got to hit it with the
classics once in a while you know this
is a great way to drink more water stay
hydrated kids do you want to hear the
joke about the leech forget it it sucks
slowly you know do you know that I broke
my wrist once skateboarding yeah it's
okay I'm a risk taker did you hear about
the new reversible jackets I'm really
excited to see how they turn out
so sad I lost all my coloring books I
just need a shoulder to cry on
who that it's running down to run him
down you know I really wanted to be a
vegetarian but I realized that would be
a mistake in the vegetarian joke because
I love vegetarians man this is a real
classic this is it this is fun for the
whole family
where does she go to get a haircut knock
knock I heard I heard you was home so I
came over but not even like this the way
you see them okay okay are you ready for
round two
oh yeah blunder your mouth okay good
okay
okay knock-knock dishes
Bish's the police come out with your
hands up
you don't expect this that's it
knock-knock birdie mm-hmm last time open
the door
what's up forty thirty last time what's
a birdie birdies the name of somebody no
I knew a guy named Verdi in high school
knock knock cannelloni kinda loan me
some money I'm broke not not control
freak
you just a control freak right now what
do you even trying to say knock knock
Oswald YouTube you two better open this
door knock not acid
I said be quiet mister knock-knock Kenya
can you please just open this door it's
freezing
did you hear about the insect that hates
Christmas it's called a humbug Oh
survival I got turned up okay I ate a
bunch of Christmas decorations for
Christmas and I got really sick yeah I
got tinsel itis it's not even funny
buddy what's the dog's favorite
Christmas Carol bark of the herald
angels sing' yo my shoes are getting all
wet did you like that one hmm
how come Santa Claus doesn't like going
down the chimney anymore because he's
claustrophobic
this guy loses it every time can we
shoes are always gonna shoes the guy to
wear these shoes tonight Ben Wow okay so
far monkeys losing okay all right what
goes oh oh oh Santa Claus walking
backwards no you guys ready for this
you're getting the camera all wet hey
how does the sheep say Merry Christmas
Feliz Navidad
what did the one reindeer say to the
other reindeer what did one reindeer say
to the other reindeer I don't know speak
English Santa Claus offered me some
chips one day you know what they are
they called Kris Pringles how many
apples grow on an apple tree all of them
do you know why I don't buy any velcro
hmm because it's such a ripoff okay did
you hear about the light bulb party yeah
it was pretty little lady just a
s√∂derling I could see a puffle like at
the kitchen table like lit it with
something relatable Lin okay okay I got
this a party with a bunch of light bulbs
do you know why I don't like buying
paper hmm because it's terrible for the
environment I had a dream last night
that I was a muffler I woke up pretty
exhausted
what's a muffler its it mufflers part of
a car like it's per the exhaust
do you know Beethoven's favorite fruit
did you hear about that huge campfire
it was friggin intense I'm laughing on
my own dad jokes what do you call a cow
with no legs ground beef so much
I made fake noodles last night I call
them in pasta okay okay okay
why aren't koalas actual bears because
they don't meet qualifications survival
okay I tried to write a story with a
broken pencil but it was pointless
good you guys what do you call a man
with no body and no nose nobody knows
classic bad joke ready for the last one
okay what do you call a bear with no
ears
what do you call cheese that's not yours
nacho cheese you know that joke yeah
okay a man just assaulted me with butter
cream and milk how dairy knock knock no
no none of your business who it is
I don't trust climbing up the stairs
because they're always up to something
nope okay you guys know math right
there's just something about subtraction
that just doesn't add up a lot of
classic man that's a classic I used to
work at the donut factory but I quit I
was fed up with the whole business you
like that yep
knock knock Robin Robin Robin you hand
over the cash I killed that joke are you
getting me all wet and you guys ready
for a vacuum joke I forget it sucks
I ran into a mirror once I really need
to watch myself do you guys want to hear
a joke about a clock yeah it's about
time right okay I tried wearing tight
jeans once I tried to wear tight jeans
yeah the funny fire I'm trying to let
Joe get them all wet okay
knock knock Candice Candice door open or
what knock knock
Doris door it's locked that's why I had
to knock you guys ready for this one
this is a good classic right here
I had three Bulls of alphabet soup I had
the biggest vowel movement ever it's a
good thing my phone is waterproof man
knock-knock interrupting honk I wrote a
song about a tortilla once what's more
of a wrap okay knock-knock my damn my
damn foot got caught in the door please
open it okay okay what kind of car does
a cow with lots of money drive a
Cadillac you guys don't know what a
Cadillac is a rich characterize a
Cadillac
no okay did you guys hear about the guy
who invented the number zero yeah thanks
for nothing the part where the guide man
to the number zero nobody invented well
that's how you gotta walk into a dad
joke all right here we go what does a
baby computer call his dad doctor
I understand oh man what'd you guys
think about that oh oh man I hope you I
hope you ran out of water it's I'm
soaked please no more okay because I
don't want to do the laundry thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
