we are vlogging everybody's logging the
whole vlog nation here Niagara Falls
family weekend trip you happen to be a
bunch of people think only no you have
it is a first time everybody's crazy hi
guys I'm Billy she's psycho soprano and
ran out you do something else that's a
little crazy I do
yeah I marry a guy yeah you should marry
some crazy guy too so we'll make sure to
put all those links of description and
we have this like volcano is gonna shoot
fire you guys want to see a shoot fire
yeah you guys got a whole like gut it
should happen like right now 20 minutes
lay down you know you know the exact
times with the arc like a real boy
parents your face it won't burn your
face it's gonna happen it's gonna happen
all right it's supposed to the two dads
are trying to capture the moment here
maybe when we come back we can shoot the
flames so just the waterfall actually
have water and it's over I've
disappointed Chris I know it's okay you
know these things happen but we'll see
we'll have to do it in come back we can
make a romantic even if we're in here
oh mama be livid would mama be saying
she's singing
it was a Elvis impersonator Maxim that's
why that song is the second
see
got your walking shoes on this monkey oh
yeah let's be wrong yeah yes yes that's
how you roll that's how we roll
they call the Skylon tower and Seattle
tower no it's not Mina no it's not it's
close but yeah no it's not it's not oh
my god that one is in the foreign play I
know I speak French here I didn't
realize it so close to Paris no it's not
it's not even close in the water
what it says
fleek point and potato and what is that
say that says eat eat so what it would
II think eat means eat eat well I'm
thinking of leek and potato soup but I
don't know we're in the middle how much
money comes yet what do you think fleek
means leek they can't believe you fleek
sleep what's a week it actually means
something sounds like something I don't
want to say no fleek is like a style
your eyebrows are on fleek like that
means like they're they're really
stylish they're like really in like a
really good forum link means eyebrows
are on fleek mama B's eyebrows are
honored sleep they both have very fleet
so that that's fleet what do you think
eat means has not yet ish it's not you
it's not yes foreign language it is
foreign to me eating something yeah no
yeah that's a good guess
so Yi is the the sound you make when you
throw something
oh so um you go yet and that's the noise
that you make when you throw something
jeez oh my and then shmoney is the Dead
Money verse there are the chickens yes
oh it is funny
that's this one it sounds very it'sh
hoot so we learn something every day
lazy words I'm gonna buy some gum and
flesh there's new word flesh flesh
always on flesh flesh is a brand new
word no this is real this is real flesh
is a mixture between swish and fleek no
I'm not making head I know it's a brand
new word it's like a week and a half old
flesh if you search for it and it's a
minute shake crawl and I came up with
and it's better than fleek you made that
up and you're like no I didn't I swear
now you're now you're taking credit
gotta make it up I invented it with
shake rock if I can fix it I'm taking
back the flesh of the Felicia's on your
side
all right sir when we got here
Oh
would
20 20 20 20 already has what can we buy
a house with that you gotta put in 20
tickets who can we buy a car with that
we can get an elephant for our backyard
we can get an elephant I want to count
we had a camel like a pet camel we'll
take care of it okay
we have lots of food let's go let's do
it tell me why cuz a kiddie casino let's
go let's go to the kiddie casino let's
go to the cutie casino kitty casino
dance the kiddie casino Nance
the kiddie casino cos you know kitty
casino dance I was hit right a Gatorade
you got it
he's ready to do this
oh he's only under the hard
whoa
Wow whoa crazy
that was crazy Wow do when you bow if
you play this game for eight years just
killed it was that like a good like
compared to let your other game good was
that that was a good one oh you killed
it what's your name Nathan Nathan even
killed it
managers are winners oh my goodness
today
our wares and this is how you can tell
because they come here and they clear
the plates now if I'll just take it
everything today blue helmet crew so
mommy you look so cute in your blue
helmet yeah everybody's got the blue
helmet here everybody I'd say this was a
successful those feels very successfully
with a helmet on best way to top it off
I think so
it's on top oh she's fine Dean that was
a fun day have fun today get a blast mr.
monkey sweet I was awesome
no it's amazing we are done right like I
don't know
you have a contract on the contract only
says until six before we end this I
promise you guys going to see flames who
meant that volcano because I promised
Krista that what happened and I promised
the children to yeah I don't want to be
that dad is that a velociraptor
he wants his left photo you see them
don't worry about you he's all right now
all right
there's no left no oh I was gonna say
you got it you got to come up with like
a good dad joke and then boom nailed it
don't even come up with it they just
happened I promised my children the
volcano would blow and I'm not gonna end
this until that volcano goes I promised
everyone oh come on
volcano egg plane but for more power
please it's a bookie to live way go come
on yellow a pity darling nobody leaves
until the flame shoots out of that
volcano
I promise flames
20 minutes later don't give up guys
don't quit the flame will come out
yeah yeah y'all
