you're sweating oh hey everybody how's
it going mama be looking beautiful as
ever
fleek eyebrows love it oh the lips on
fleek eyebrows on fleek you're always on
fleek you like to fleek the queen of
fleek so today we are doing a taste test
of sorts because link was in contacted
us and they sent us a bunch of these
they sent us a whole bunch of spicy beef
and bean
enchiladas enchiladas and they want us
to try them out and see what we think
food and boxing toy unboxings not today
not today with a toy unboxing food
unboxings so today we're gonna unbox
some Lean Cuisine have this new line
it's a marketplace line they have
Vermont white cheddar mac and cheese
they have spicy Korean style beef mmm
and I was like yo hook us up with all
kinds of stuff but we got the beef and
the spicy beef and bean and sure we got
a whole bunch of though the whole
enchilada today lady Jane has a special
place in my heart because I pretty much
lived off of it when I was in university
I wasn't mom of you cooks I know I know
Wow I wanted mama B cooks in university
I didn't have a lot of time to pick up
stuff and so I lived off of it thank you
then cuisine you got me through school
and um Here I am now that's funny I
can't wait to try our stuff yeah we're
gonna try it today it's spicy do you
like spicy I love spicy I love spicy and
I feel like there let's walk take a walk
mama be sure the marketplace line has
options that are GMO free loaded with
veggies made with organic ingredients
high in protein and it believes in
supporting phenomenal women yeah they
should just say we believe in supporting
mama B because she phenomenal phenomenal
today we're gonna try them and theirs
give me a little surprise cuz I'm sure
the monkeys are gonna want to get
involved somehow they want to kick it up
enough miss monkey you like unboxings oh
well this is gonna be a very different
unboxing it's a food unboxing
there it is okay oh wow cuz this is our
first food unboxing here this is it
looks nice it's like macaroni and cheese
with like some spice to it I wish you
guys don't smell it yeah it smells
really good incredible we need
smellivision in this normally the
monkeys wouldn't just be standing you're
watching us eat food in front of a video
camera but they want to turn it up miss
monkey what do you think did you get all
the rice in there that is needed spicy
spicy but okay mr. monk
mr. monkeys little food connoisseur oh
that's good aim mr. monkey out is it a
little spicy here's a little spicy
haha while it's called spicy beef & bean
enchilada for a reason okay mama B and
the monkeys have tried it isn't one he's
tearing into that one and it's a little
spike how is it that's really good I
know right
that's very nice it's got all kinds of
stuff in it's got beans got veggies got
corn got the rice kind of salt rice
beans got the beef enchilada in there oh
it's got some spiciness and you must
feel like the right amount of spiciness
which is good yes not too much in it's
not too late but now you're wondering
why are the monkeys here watching mom
and Papa eat why because they want to
turn up the heat on Papa and they can't
wait to do that and we got some bland
folds over here they picked out some hot
stuff at the supermarket what's sabi is
here of course they wanna throw some
wasabi in there and those peppers what
do they call got funny
scotch bonnet peppers and I saw the heat
factor on it was off-the-charts so
they're ready pudding they're gonna make
me bite into a scotch bonnet and I'm
gonna put some wasabi on top of this so
they want to turn off the heat and
that's why the monkeys are here but
we're gonna be like vomits naked mole
you no more you're such a good sport do
it do it
you ain't lit what do you guys need to
turn it up because that's what we do
a the AG family we turn it up turn it up
why are you playing out of my nose for
the record the spicy beef & bean
enchilada has a perfect spice in it we
did the unboxing it's beautiful it
tastes great everybody seemed to enjoy
it now they feel like they want to turn
it up you can put that okay okay okay
how do I do this again how are you put
on now apparently too much wasabi that
was way too hot now I know why Lean
Cuisine does not always like me on this
thing you guys man no no no for the
hottest month okay now I know we had
wasabi so the next two are going to be
peppers so what if I got a bite into a
pepper and I gotta do this I gotta have
spicy enchilada in my nose first
and then you can turn them up with a
pepper
no no it's not you time that's not tiny
that's big hey this is crunch on it okay
what am I supposed to do really big
people I'll put some of you Angela in
there oh my whole mouth is all hard we
all have a tuba wasabi any day over that
disgust bought it is ridiculously hot a
scale of 1 to 10
Oh million you're sweating
are you okay you sweat I can't even talk
monkeys
don't ever try this card you want it
apparently these are very spicy
this is not what you gave me yeah I gave
you like everyone did she'd have us
don't want it so there's no reason why
you gonna ever have this cards wanted
with spike in gelada whatever they put
inside the spicy in July that was
perfect don't ever mix it we just start
wanting the monkeys are like in shock
right now
mommy is enjoying this Oh singing
doesn't help at all you know what Oh
would you be so kind of go get me a
ticket labor petition paper
okay that's fine anyway I did you a
favor thanks you don't get out
whatever bin I blew my nose and the fire
came out of here the barbecue my windows
more Jersey to that bar very nice
watching your dad get tortured Oh what's
the world a story mama be the moral of
the story is link disease knows exactly
what they're doing and perfect size
perfect later if you want to add scotch
bonnet do it on your own free will
I don't advise it okay they have it the
way they serve it do not add any more
heat to it now oh I hope you enjoyed
this unboxing we like this spicy beef
and bean enchilada thumbs up love it
adding these crazy peppers no thumbs up
no thumbs up thumbs down absolutely we
go Pepper's Ghost Pepper
