have a great day bye how's it going
everybody
so mommy's birthday is coming up and we
wanted to surprise her so we're gonna
give our family room a makeover
we're basically to get rid of all of our
old stuff you furniture something that
mama B's been dying to do for the
longest time so we're gonna do it the
monkeys a night
we're gonna go to home goods we're gonna
buy a whole bunch of Madden ass things
and we're gonna do the great mama be
good birthday surprise your bagel but of
course this is not gonna be your typical
family makeover because we have to put
our families spin on it so we're gonna
go ahead we're gonna make over the room
and I'm gonna show you each item that we
chose and I'm going to get right into
the tape face challenge the way the tape
face challenge works is we're gonna come
up with a word of one of the items that
we used for the makeover for example
cheer rose with that's how it works you
guys ready for a makeover
I was crazy at the monkeys putting away
all the rest of the tissue paper those
on the floor that's a fancy room we got
ourselves a fancy room now
makes the room look so much bigger now
if we got this nice little it's like a
little footstool we wanted to make it
functional but we also wanted to have a
scent of the ocean we have this where
this magic ball because Mama's magical
now we've kind of opened up the space
and kept it really nice and we got this
nice right what item is your favorite in
this room that probably has to be the
crystal ball the crystal ball miss
monkey what is your favorite item in the
room the lamp mama bee loves to read my
favorite thing is the couch very light
and airy and we can sit back we could
relax oh come on mr. monkey get on the
couch oh very beautiful and very sturdy
just like my wife I'm gonna pick an item
and you guys have to find a word that
rhymes with that item and the first
person that comes up with a rhyme wins
and the other person has to put tape on
their face label mr. monkey wins again
oh yeah miss monkey you're losing I'll
get miss monkey come up with an item
that we purchased today at home
you get the other backwards boy my nose
is it all over your hair well that was
fun this monkeys really done some damage
my whole head hurts so clearly nobody
wins in this tape face challenge okay
miss monkey are you ready mama B I have
a little what's up with your face I have
a little surprise for you oh yeah we
have a little surprise for you
not my hair mama B are you ready for
your surprise dinner
I didn't make you dinner but I got a
nice surprise for you what do you think
mama B do you like it we changed
everything nice we got rid of everything
we had for so long you guys did this yes
crazy right we got the pillows Wow this
lady's comfy Oh mommy's mama B's tearing
sorry we didn't want to make you cry oh
yeah somebody get this stool please we
got a nice footstool so we basically
went to home goods today and we got
everything
oh my god we replaced everything couch
is gone look at the coffee table the
coffee tables awesome old coffee table
is raggedy what do you think there's
like so much more room now I couldn't
stand those couches because you were so
bulky
yeah there was Super Bowl we figured you
liked the ocean we like the ocean so we
want to add a little bit of splash is
this a is this an armchair it's a chair
I call it a chair chair it's a nice
relaxed oak chair it's a high back chair
whoa high back chair thing what do you
think that was a lot of work the monkeys
didn't help me at all today I did
everything myself
the monkeys basically just yelled at me
the whole time to put tape on my face
monkeys you guys help you're very nice
thank you for helping because you are a
sophisticated lady we made sure we got
it beautiful because you are a beautiful
lady and these are sturdy because you
are the foundation of this family mama B
thank you so much thank you I love
everything that you guys pick I don't
know how the heck you guys pick such a
nice things yeah I got I was asking at
the store help me out so they helped me
match some colors my family yes thank
you in the home goods the home gets
people use all good thank you for
watching our crazy family mama P
birthday family room makeover surprise
I'm out of breath saying that thank you
so much for watching I really appreciate
you guys we love you so much
let us know in the comments which one is
your favorite item that we got here
who's ready for dance party in our new
room
yeah
