miss monkey stick out your hand because
I'm gonna put a question mark it's a
special effect
hi everybody how's it going we are here
to answer your questions we asked you
questions on Facebook and Instagram and
you sent a time there were a lot of
questions I have them here a lot of
questions and some really interesting
questions we are very happy to answer
them so that you get to know us a little
bit more yes probably what is the first
question the first question comes from
James jr. Phillips if you could choose
any celebrity as a new member of the a/v
family who would you choose and why
mama bean well I have three celebrities
that I would like to be part of our
family Vin Diesel Cristiano Ronaldo and
David Beckham David Beckham I think that
they would make very nice uncles for the
children choose any celebrity you just
pick three I think it's just one you're
waving to Vin Diesel if I have a news
election yes but diesel is sitting down
right now for some reason you're
watching this you could be a family
member as well that's everyone else
watching you guys k - all you guys are
already family members family is Parker
Ballinger oh one of these let's do one
of these things right there right there
we're gonna pop a little picture of
Parker Ballinger let's take a family
photo with Parker Ballinger miss monkey
rickey dillion would be a member or
joint Oh
Joey Graceffa or rickey dillion okay so
thank you James jr. Phillips no Sofia
Vergara likes the Latino with me
but new members like not related yeah
okay next question
I hope I said that right does all family
know how to speak Spanish
no no not everybody
what do you guys know come on guys go
come on you know some Spanish come on
first of all I apologize yes the monkeys
do not speak Spanish fluently but they
do know some words hola grass yes they
get Oh mojo no the reason why the kids
don't speak fluent Spanish is because
English is actually our first language
even though Papa and I are both South
American born English is our first
language so we do speak Spanish provides
at home we speaking patois speaks
Spanish mama B and I both speak Spanish
fluently I've had conversations with
papa be in Spanish and the kids are like
oh you said they secretly speak Spanish
mama B and I speak Spanish the monkeys
actually understand what they're saying
probably to find out what kind of code
we're talking about biddle estamos
hablando espanol ahora y nobody ok 7
Mary or Don she asked in Spanish de
donde is exactamente la mamma a B so
where are you from exactly mama B I'm
very proud of my country I am very proud
of our people of our culture of our food
I am proud of South Americans I am proud
of Latinos we are all brothers and we
are all brothers and sisters even if
you're not Latino right we're all
brothers your own neighbors we're all
friends and we were all
sisters 'man old vehicle asks when did
you guys start making lines January 15th
really it was snowy yeah it was February
2003 3 p.m. 2:30 3:00 p.m.
almost three years ago yeah we
downloaded the app and just sort of
messing around I think first of I never
was miss monkey holding a guitar and
then we went outside and mr. monkey was
playing with a snowman I just told this
monkey to hold up her pink guitar and
start like moving it back and forth and
then I told mr. monkey to tell me you
should tell me about his snowman
so nobody finds it we can play it right
about now
that's where it all started and here we
are three years leader yeah I love you
thank you so much
you guys having fun still Oh David Lee
asks do you have any favorite books my
favorite all-time book is Catcher in the
Rye by JD Salinger
oh my favorite book is the book of
elsewhere by Jaclyn Lewis book of Dan'l
swear it by Jacqueline of West miss
monkey what's your favorite is Miranda
teaching you a lot in that book my
favorite book is the Purple Cow by Seth
Godin and it's all about being
remarkable and about doing things that
people will talk about it's a great book
because I'm in the car so much I
actually use a lot of audiobooks so I
use audible.com/anna they have over
180,000 books and spoken word products
and they actually gave us a link
audible.com slash a and if you actually
use that link you can get a free
download a free audio book of your
choice and a 30-day free trial so check
that out I'll put the link right here
almost let it sit right there
you guys can check it out so there's no
excuse not to read no excuses not to
read next question she'll be appalled
are there any little abies coming in the
picture we can ask this question a lot I
think that was the most popular question
it was it has like 50,000 million
trillion links on this one question are
there going to be more beads more visas
in what likeness like a beehive like a
like bees you know what they mean so the
answer is definitely no that's it this
is a family of course who knows we might
get a goldfish one day we might get a
hamster we may be a pet snake or a
tarantula you don't have any plans of
having any more kids we also recognize
how much work goes into raising children
I can only speak for us having children
is easy raising children takes a lot of
work yes we feed our children you send
your children to school but you also
need to raise your children to be
good decent human beings and that takes
a lot of work I don't stop talking all
day long and trying to make them loving
kind intelligent polite I can only
handle myself to children there are
people that can handle ten children and
do that fantastic amazing but in our
situation we definitely have no plans
whatsoever to have more children
thank you mama B that was I don't think
I could have said it ain't better myself
mommy for president maybe a tarantula
no way Valerie fell our dough hopefully
I said that right asks hey we want an a
B family show here this is a family show
it's on YouTube yeah channel you can
like you can subscribe yeah you can
comment down below comment down below
and we'd love comments nice comments
please
yeah we like we like positive comments
we don't really we ignore mean comments
we don't really pay attention to those
so you can if you want but it doesn't
really make a difference because they
don't matter but yeah going back to the
AV family show this is our show on
Instagram on vine on Twitter on snapchat
on YouTube on Facebook we are everywhere
online sharing are fun and we love that
you're following our crazy adventures
and you're watching us but that's that's
our show right now will there be a TV
show or a movie down the road who knows
but it will probably be the a/v family
for what you know and love in a movie
form or TV show form but this is our
show right now this is what we this is
what we do so yeah right now this is our
family we love that you guys are all a
part of it yeah thank you
Brandon Martinez Rodriguez asks how did
you and mama B meet well it was a
Wednesday evening Thursday Thursday
evening we met at a salsa club dancing I
was with my friends I was at a calm
company I was working with and so we
went out for dinner to this Spanish club
downtown that's the face I make when you
say Spanish club and so we were there
and this lovely gentleman who was a true
gentleman came in asleep and yes so you
just so you know it's this guy right
yeah yeah so we were dancing and having
a good time he was a very polite very
sweet very kind and then at the end of
the night he asked me for my number and
I get me get the digits girl yo how'd
your telephone number and I say no but I
will take yours oh and the very next day
I brought his number to my office and I
couldn't wait to call him so I waited
until 11:00 a.m. she's gone the next day
Lavinia was good enough time where I
didn't seem too desperate but I wanted
him to know that he had made quite the
impression on me and from that day on
mama B I love you very much and I'm glad
that you said yes and you called me
because you changed my life and you're
very beautiful thank you very much we
make beautiful be beautiful so that's
how we met I make a long story short we
met at a salsa club on a Wednesday night
do your kids ever fight these guys never
fight so much now find Gina however the
foundation is their own love society
respect trust trust kindness right so
lovely absolutely we're just like
everyone else do we have our differences
absolutely but we love each other very
much and I
they've grown up recognizing each other
crazy yes Terrence relax
no parents don't relax American fashion
last question from Ola all Fidel what
does a B mean that is pronounce a be
officially a maybe you could say happy
or not Evie but I mean you can say a B
you're happy you know I say whatever you
say whatever you want maybe one day you
could say
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
family and it's the initials spelled out
of my first and last name so a the
letter A the letter B I decided to just
go for a nickname we all have nicknames
I think nicknames are fun I want
everybody focusing on our videos and the
stuff that we do I just decided to go
with that when we first started just
keep the nicknames are we are we going
to say our real names someday someday
probably but right now we're just having
fun with it and we are known as the a/v
family and there's nothing more than
that we never did this to become famous
forward to have our names out there or
for any other reason than just to make
people laugh yeah and smile and make
make your day a bit better
we've always been making goofy videos
we've always been making them since the
Monkees were small
when vine came out that was just such a
platform to get our videos out there on
a larger scale and we didn't expect to
become so big and we love it we've it's
great but we never expected it we just
want to have fun so that's pretty much
it that's who we are and we'll continue
to do these questions and answers you
can ask questions if you want in the
comments below if you're on our Facebook
page you can ask questions on our
Facebook page you can tweet us so
wherever you see us online just ask us
the questions we will keep our eyes and
ears open for them thank you
thank you
yeah
