what happens when Abby comes into the
van this happens my car's gonna be Stern
well that was very interesting mama B I
can't even turn on the air-conditioning
because coffee is gonna spray all over
the car now
I don't like beezy Steve we've closed
the windows now and we are I'm capturing
the moment while mama B has the wet
wipes and I will help you clean up in
just a second I just had to document
this situation here my gosh what a mess
everywhere I totally forgot my coffee
was open three times
there's nothing laughs well you can get
a straw and you can actually take some
from the floor if you want okay what
about you you can just change it why is
that
mama B mama B mama mama mama B mama
Beema Beema all my goodness mama B just
hit the strike mister monkeys doing are
you pitching oh yeah oh where am I
Oh your your honor like earth make sense
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday miss monkey miss
monkey got a lot of nice gifts today and
you got a ton of stock big job kids you
want to open one alright let's do a
shopkins unboxing or unwrapping whatever
it's whatever it's called was my miss
monkey is very carefully opening the
back wall
Jeepers Creepers all right what do you
got miss monkey will you got miss monkey
this is Spence this is friend sir
what you got damn you smoking whoa we
got a baseball cap a baseball hockey
whoa
team shopkins baseball cap you love them
shocking mister is it ultra rare uh
it is rare it's rare his name is Casper
cap or yeah Casper cap
happy birthday responded
mommy's gonna teach you how to skate
today yeah I can do it she can do it do
you know why we have a skateboard with
us movi why because miss monkey wanted
me to hold a skateboard to come to the
park because I would look like a cooler
dad holding this gateway mommy's here
with the soy sauce so we have a sushi
bar sushi party okay enjoy your food
Pete Solis lickity slick enjoy your food
look at his lips yep enjoy and eat then
hand rolls look at his neck mr. monkey
you're Pro
you're not the only one with the cool
barks I got these babies fun that looks
like super fun
all right cheeky monkey there you go Max
is tired all right albicans and
fortunately your bunk is so heavy it's a
last glamour on that is night and this
is date way of singing a song so from
the nose then all look this for humming
so right now we finished making the book
the book review so now I'm gonna go see
mr. monkey
are you scared it out have a little
Minecraft right there don't want to for
Sunday yeah
happy Sunday mr. monkey thank you no no
no okay you can stop now oh no you can
stop oh ha ha
Oh
