we have been inspired by Disney XD's
pickle and peanut to have a great toilet
paper for battle mama B you got your
hair done
do you got your hair did mr. monkey you
got your hair did and it smells good too
miss monkeys got her hair all Kirlian
did did you guys do this for the toilet
paper fort battle yes yes oh wow
today we're having a toilet paper fort
battle and it's gonna be the boys
against the girls when you guys
high-fiving each other you guys are
high-fiving each other like you think
you're gonna win lucky what do you think
they're not they're not gonna win I
think you're gonna win
this is the toilet paper fort that mr.
monkey and I are gonna be in miss monkey
and Mama B are gonna be over here we got
to make sure that no one gets hurt so we
are going to be using socks so
heavy-duty socks oh very very naughty
you're not getting on stop balls we each
get five socks aside and we basically
just go at it and see how much damage we
can make to each other's forts and when
we call a truce or when it's over we
will count the toilet paper rolls that
are still standing on each side I think
that's a good to try to knock the role
of three yes so mr. monkey and I are
gonna try to knock all of your toilet
paper guy off and you and Miss monk
you're gonna do the same it's like
bowling
it's like fort bowling like toilet paper
for bowling ah very soft and and fine
you know what's funny is that life I
didn't have to actually go shopping for
any of this toilet paper this was all
here gamma P if there's a zombie
apocalypse and I have diarrhea I won't
have to worry about any of this because
mama B's is fully stocked with toilet
paper they're about 20 years of toilet
paper in here there's
and things in life that it's okay to
have a lot of and toilet paper is one of
them so when it goes on sale I buy a ton
of it because we will always have
tissues to wipe yes as human beings yes
so we have a lot of toilet paper yes and
you know what we also have a lot of
socks which we run out of toilet paper
you could always use a sock you guys
ready for this toilet paper for
challenge again stick girls you better
watch out because yeah mama B and miss
monkey are ready to go mr. monkey is
ready to go on his side
here's a nice socks for you you go
ladies there you go three
oh the ladies have won officially mommy
oh oh is that your victory song nice
miss monkey dragon that was a very close
battle that we had there well thank you
very much for watching I really
appreciate you guys
the ladies win the ladies win the ladies
win the ladies ladies
ladies win this video was sponsored by
Disney XD's pickle and peanut and that
is a new show these crazy teenagers
showing off all their fun odd adventures
they hang out in a toilet paper fort and
they do their own things and they have
fun and that's on Disney XD and that
premieres September 7th at 9 p.m.
eastern time the ladies win ladies wigs
the ladies where the ladies win oh yeah
oh yeah the ladies win today make sure
to check out the link in the description
box to find out more about Disney XD's
pickle and peanut yeah
