not my arms challenge Legos the monkeys
want to try this I also called the t-rex
arms challenge you want to pretend
you're just in case we don't have slim
or not my arms challenge not very nice
but something's missing here easy not
one thing so right now we're gonna open
up the box
Wow miss monkey you're so skilled we
don't even have to look close my eyes
right now we are gonna open up the box
and tear it open over here we have two
bags one two we have some smaller pieces
in a smaller little package we have the
insert we also are gonna open up the
small little miniature pack so there are
more bags
we have to take the cover off the monkey
couldn't breathe you have to make Batman
oh wow this is this is like impossible
mr. monkey has been taken over by puppy
because because because mr. monkey could
not breathe under that blanket it was
also very hard for him and he didn't
have long enough arms to reach the
following pieces at a bit far away and
we're gonna be entertaining a good
school what we're gonna do first
number one is grab a piece we're gonna
build whatever you want because we are
not going to use the instructions
because these are really hard to
memorize we're gonna grab a piece that
looks like this and then we're gonna put
it together with the body like this then
we're gonna grab this little piece that
looks kind of like a ship and put it at
the end
now we're going to show it up close to
the camera to see how it looks like so
far oh this doesn't work I'm just gonna
sing if you're happy and you know it
clap your hands if you happy and you
know it and you really want to show that
it's your happy
such big hands you have there this
clearly did not work maybe next time
we'll just make some more plate of food
or something don't forget to check out
the Lego dimensions trailer I have
somewhere here somewhere here I think
it's over here
so check that out it's a link to the
trailer Lego dimensions is an awesome
new adventure game it's coming out
September 27th 2015 and it features all
kinds of different characters DC Comics
characters the Rings back the future
Scooby Doo so we have a link to the
trailer and it's an awesome mashup of
all these characters all together
playing tell us in the comments down
below which other challenge videos you
would like to have
