good morning everybody we are here this
morning and we are unplugging and we're
playing and we just want to thank
johnson and johnson for reminding us to
unplug and play and be safe while we do
these challenges and today mama be what
is the challenge we will be hula hooping
blindfolded and we want to see who can
keep it up the longest okay well I just
want to see how long you will last after
you know after I beat you
so we'll see yes why I always see mama
beat you choose so I think I have the
advantage we're not wearing to mom
monkeys are you gonna wear tutus also
yeah if you were to twos I will wear two
- all right if did you tell Georgia is
the blindfolded hula-hoop challenge you
ready so the object of this challenge is
who can hula hoop the longest while
blindfolded and I think that's that's it
all we're gonna do no we're forgetting
something
tutus tutus all right let's do line
folds please
well you know what even with the two -
I'm gonna beat you on it because the two
- gives me power power gives me strength
are you ready yes where are you mama B I
don't want to smack you are you far
enough away because this is mucket this
is going to be the who can smack each
other in the face challenge and that's
nothing we're looking for here count us
down monkeys won the champion hula
hooper wait line in two with the two to
me your dad's better wearing a tutu then
well I am here at wearing a tutu and
moving ahead good challenge good
challenge to the challenge
mama B even when you lose your beautiful
you're the cutest loser I've ever met
you're very funny thank you very much
and very competitive thank you thank you
very much for watching this challenge
the hula hoop blindfolded challenge
while wearing it - - but that was
actually that help me that was to my
advantage so I think I'm gonna start
doing a lot more things with a tutu on
thank you guys for watching I encourage
you guys to do your own challenge your
own hula hoop challenge you cannot to do
with the tutu or not but why don't you
guys post your videos tag us in it let
us know send us a message we want to see
it post it hula hoop challenge challenge
your friends challenge your parents
challenge your siblings and we will see
you again soon
Tata hey you should have done it yeah
I'm better yah yah yah yah hah
