welcome to the egg race challenge very
simple this is going to be every family
member for themselves
come join us family we have challenger
number one here miss monkey challenger
number two mr. monkey and we have mama B
we're all gonna be going head-to-head
here and we are going to race with an
egg on our spoon and we have to see who
gets to the end and while not dropping
this egg is it a hard-boiled egg or not
we are going hardcore today this is not
this is a ride so if you drop it it's
raw and it's gonna go everywhere game
over
and so what we're gonna do we're gonna
start on this line over here and we are
actually going to run or walk as quickly
as possible over to that tree over there
over here bring your this tree and back
to the camera right so the first one who
gets back past the camera is the window
window winner winner the first person
back is the winner ready you guys ready
so we're going to place this egg on the
spoon this is the egg race challenge
want to thank Johnson and Johnson for
working with us on this challenge and
reminding us to
I'm sorry nature just interrupted me
just want to thank Johnson & Johnson for
reminding us to unplug and play play
safe have some fun get some fresh air
and balance some eggs and challenge a
friend or a family member you can't use
your hands
oh they all thought that I touched it I
just I was like this I forgot I wasn't
supposed to so I want like this so you
want to see a replay on this because the
camera says it don't forget to do your
version of the challenge with an egg in
a spoon and we want to see it so please
comment below and tag us and let us know
when you do it so we can watch you get
out there and have fun the verdict is in
the winner miss monkey
yah yah yah yah yah yah yah hah hah
