oh snap oh snap
who's ready for some water balloon
baseball water balloon baseball that's
the challenge that we have in store for
you today we got miss monkey batter
number one mr. monkey batter number two
and we are the pitchers and we're gonna
throw five water balloons each to see
how many balloons each monkey hits so
you can try this at home - so you just
got a bunch of water balloons going to
the backyard get a safe base bump
we're trying to film here right on this
day when you shoot in a backyard like
this there will be neighbors cutting
their grass and that is normal so we're
gonna play baseball with very soft foam
bats so nobody gets hurt and we're gonna
batter up and see what happens bad out
of five balloons how many do you think
are gonna hit six out of five you're
gonna hit six when did he go back to
school this is not a math challenge so
that's okay
had a five balloon how many balloons do
you think you're gonna hit five bowler
for you think you're gonna hit four okay
you know what let's go find out let's
see what happens
mama P are you ready to pitch first to
miss monkey oh oh yeah oh she's warning
well why do thank you again for johnson
johnson we are unplugging and playing to
come out here and share the challenges
with you and we want you guys to do this
too we want to film you smashing water
balloons with a foam bat and see what
you can do batter up
head up yes she hits one he's got one
all right let's go one hit it as hard as
you can
whoa - two - four - Wow
whoa
three four three miss monkey hammer this
one yes
whoa for mr. monkey
four four four hammer this as hard as
you can miss monkey wins this one well
she hit five four five mr. monkey may
have had the power but miss monkey has
the consistency and the aim you guys are
unbelievable good job guys good job
thank you again for watching our
challenges have some fun enjoy unplug
and play hit some water balloons enjoy
the Sun enjoy this eat flies
yah yah yah yah hah
