you're ready to work for your doughnuts
yes I'm ready beat you I'm too hungry
get out there have fun play safe and eat
donuts and wait in a while and win and
immediately I'm gonna teach you how to
win today we have a donut challenge
today and it's gonna be myself against
mr. monkey and we are gonna be eating
these Donuts as fast as we can the first
person who eats the doughnut wins
blindfolded blindfold me blindfolded
donut eating challenge at the park
because we are unplugging we are playing
we are staying safe thank you to Johnson
& Johnson for helping us with these
challenges and working with us to get
these fun little challenges I'm okay
with this I'm okay with this kind of
challenge right here Donuts at the park
yeah you ready son yeah you gonna have
fun yeah you ready to lose no are you
ready to lose I smell goodness let's get
this donut challenge started son can you
see anything
yeah good ready in three two oh yeah you
can't use your hands okay three two one
go
I think I'm like undefeated winner you
can use your hands now boy because
you're lost monkey face that was very
close but I want that challenge fair and
square
that was awesome we should definitely do
have a rematch sometime soon it's always
a lesson here teaching mr. monkey how to
win challenges like these I was very
hungry thank you very much for watching
I encourage you guys how to get out
there film yourselves doing the donut
challenge
tiya donut to a tree or come to the park
challenge your friends put it on video
and let us know we want to see it we
encourage you guys to get out unplug and
play thank you very much don't let your
tasty donuts are tasty no awesome yah
yah yah yah yah yah
