I'm here tonight with Chris ballinger
from Ballard is present and we're gonna
rip hair off our legs oh dude but no
idea why we're actually doing this I
think was our wives idea actually it was
supposed to be a cupcake eating
challenge I don't know how it got to
like I'm living here like light hair off
our bodies challenge because around us
that's fine
hey guys why you have more hair than me
I think so yeah this is but here's
another here's a dad joke I have more
surface area than you I like it
mad props my wonderful children have
decided to volunteer in my hair ripoff
extravaganza tonight that's gonna suck
big time and my kids aren't here so I
brought a different kid this is my
brother-in-law
Joshua what's up Internet what's up what
are those does that make you feel better
I think this is to make it feel better
free so we'll throw those right away so
the UM it needs to get really alarmed
but the intention here is to soften a
stir Miyagi so you guys waxing on a mop
okay I should just lay right down on the
bed next to each other are you sure it's
really easy mama he's really here yeah
why you have why should the look I'm
just really excited
good luck Dingle Kings should go and
help himself here is your first what I
think we should start together I want to
do like oh I want you to lay down and
kind of give you one of these
we have you have you don't have to wait
watch it already feels like it's gonna
hurt so much it's just a child cannot be
replicated darn I don't want to bestow
that onto your wonderful my and my
brother-in-law so bad all right
he asked to be ripped with you that's
cuz you're a good man thanks I don't
think this is medically right yeah okay
they're gonna rip that nothing's
happened yet
man up he's good yeah same time so first
this is the worst one I think you go
from the top not playin this is like you
guys gonna go both do it together
just give me so good that's the worst
what is it you have to pull part of you
guys I'm gonna count
I want people from other rooms coming
and please be quiet
it's like SWAT team I don't want this
watching my leg is dumb he's clean uh oh
they're just like ripped off like
portions of my hair that that was brutal
you then have to do that area again does
it still hurt this is not a challenge
what challenge is this nobody wins this
challenge
jibber jabber in here there's hunks of
skin I don't know if you can see online
where they're just chunky and just
hanging around that is so happy to
follow that part's not here that's just
skin oh it smells good really good why
are you sniffing my legs talk to me like
that like I'm gonna cry always ready are
you sweating I'm like this is I'm just
Shane yeah you guys pulled skin off this
is rippling a layer of skin Josh you did
not do a good job
my technique also doing it horizontally
work nobody wins
Kelly other winners yes we are the
winners your mom Wow look at that focus
Thank You Joshua about the taking Josh
what DTV yes it's good good to be a part
of this moment please go to his channel
and yell at him for making us nice
here's your badges of honor I'm gonna go
hang on the wife yes your sister I know
thank you very much
yeah oh thank you Rip's hair off and
just leaves us yeah
