we started in Montana now we're here
kind of sounds like a Kidz Bop started
from Montana now we're here started from
a 10 another hobby family here oh snap I
like that I was a good doesn't nailed it
oh good morning now that is a Matamata
view we got here we are in Zion National
Park or close to Zion National Park sill
and it's beautiful why would it be you
and we are on our way to the Grand
Canyon today having fun my king yeah
what do you think about the view we are
on our way to the Grand Canyon
we have been driving for I don't know
how long since we entered the Grand
Canyon Park and it is absolutely
beautiful we have captured glimpses of
the Grand Canyon however we're waiting
to arrive to our destination oh dear got
it did you see God's the thing I hope I
got it guys you are coming with us to
the Grand Canyon
I always thought Grand Canyon we just
rolled up on the Grand Canyon and it's
the Grand Canyon ya know it's like Grand
Canyon National Park and you actually
have to drive through a game forever
drive through the forest remember kids
this is the Grand Canyon it should be
off the rate somewhere
Papa P is having a bit of a whoo sure
slash heart attack slash down breakdown
slash panic attack live stroll down
because he hasn't had internet
connection in over two hours no service
no service you please forgive us folks
for not posting as much as we usually do
there's been lots of spots where there's
no internet when I connect with you guys
too while we're on the road once in a
while check my phone and see you know
I'm exploring the beauty the monkeys are
off their tablets were all exploring
this natural wonder called the Grand
Canyon this is a gorge is what of course
is the Grand Canyon of gorge
yeah if you know what a gorgeous yeah I
know when I go to Josie's oh mama being
she's my daughter
I bought a five-alarm II Oh ladies and
gentlemen we've made it to the Grand
Canyon to the Grand Canyon we've made it
oh look at that look at that
and there's blogs Nature Boy look
spectacular protector mama B what do you
think I love it it's absolutely amazing
Wow monkeys is this amazing or what yeah
yeah wow I can't tell your friends all
about it yeah boys it took us forever to
get here what it's worth it it was worth
it beautiful
just goodness the Vista is just
incredible Wow I couldn't I couldn't
imagine how big this is when I was
driving up to it we didn't imagine it
was this big
no never imagined it monkeys yeah you
guys want to go ziplining down the Grand
Canyon but when does it look girls Wow
amazing Wow
it was worth the drive guys whose
definite was it worth the drive was
worth it yeah was it worth the drive
mommy oh yeah definitely I'd do it again
you'd do it again hope I don't drop the
cameras if I dropped a camera it's going
all the way down awesome it's awesome
this place is awesome this is awesome
trip ever best road trip ever
road trip Grand Canyon thumbs up or
thumbs up Grand Canyon thumbs up for
Grand Canyon okay let's go eat rid of
Julia
Michael tensed up already miss monkey
let's do this do you want to do it first
okay you go first
nope nothing hmm
nothing oh okay now we sound like guys
Thanksgiving hate is it
there's Italian mommy I just read oh
yeah wasn't it I know Spanish that was
Spanish you're in your languages that
was Italian
I was wearing Spanish pants so maybe one
do it with Spanish there okay I'm
enjoying this
there's the Colorado River guys that's
the Colorado River that been there and
apparently you can go rafting down there
we should go rafting Gary rough waters
so definitely probably not many kids but
I would do it I would do it so anybody
wants to babysit our kids yeah well let
alone oh yeah let us hear can you let us
know please let us know in the comments
if you want a babysitter kids so that we
can go rafting we promise we'll vlog it
so next time you come back is that cool
and we'll bring you with us we'll bring
you with us yeah you'll be the Canyon
babysitter's or kids sitters canyon
babysitter's or Canyon kid sitters
canyon kid chips canyon kids sitters
okay we're gonna get some canyon kid
sitters while mama B and I go and raft
down the Colorado River is that cool
yeah awesome my mommy's gonna deal with
her fear of heights right now by
watching these crazy tourism I see these
people on the rocks going over them for
Sonia has given me panic even though I
don't know them yes give a bit of unique
it's not as cool talking now mama B's
has not overcome her fear of heights
because of that now she's overcoming her
fear of crazy people
Shh look at that's crazy
we're out here looking for domes really
I deer a female deer ray a drop of
Golden Sun me a name I call myself far a
long way to run
so dodgy needle pulling thread la a note
to follow so so so salty I drink with
jam and bread bread head hopping yes
back to don't know I don't know any
words to any song Oh Joe a deer a femur
I declare this canyon grand I will call
it the Grand Canyon while momma be how
was the road trip it was amazing it was
uh I'm so glad we did it we had a great
time as a family loved it thank you for
sending us on this awesome trip yeah we
had a blast and it was awesome thank you
so much for this opportunity and you
follow all of our shenanigans and all of
our pictures by clicking the hashtag
Chex Mix road trip and yeah they they
were awesome
the whole time and we're glad we're part
of it and we're glad that you're a part
of it and we love you guys thank you so
much for being a part of this and for
allowing us to share this road trip with
you guys we love you so much we lobbies
down yeah yeah yeah
