I don't know the words to any song
alright playing jackpot with a monkey we
got his buddy here he's gonna throw the
ball go ahead
mystery box go I live that was easy
monk you get a second chance let's go
through this oh my god it's so much it's
whoop here we go 1,000 alive
guys all have butterfingers oh thank you
very much oh thank you very much thank
you here we go
heads up all right oh my okay let's go
1000 huh
that's it one more time okay
butterfingers last one let's go guys
look at his leg wins finally so mama B
here aka superwoman ran out of places to
put her clothes after doing the laundry
so I'm going to show you where she puts
them workout pants workout pants workout
pants workout pants workout pants will
workout pants it's like a Thanksgiving
dinner of workout pants so what's the
situation mama B I can't put them in the
dryer because it's shrink and I'm super
tall and there's no more room in the
laundry room to hang clothes this is how
I have to dry them I'm totally fine with
the Thanksgiving dinner of yoga pants at
workout pants because mama B likes to
work out and working out is fun and it's
good for your body and I'm totally
1,000% fun with it
and here's mr. monkey huh huh we just
posted mr. monkeys vine singing so you
like to sing monkey yes okay so we're
probably gonna get you singing more on
YouTube oh won't you stay with me
because your mama B did it again
we got cheeseburger we got sweet potato
with a beans and avocado is like a
perfect post-workout meal lots of
protein um Wow lots of nutrients in here
everything's good
nothing bad everything's good mommy
thank you very much chillin with miss
monkey today she made a nice little play
dough cupcake I see and what I did is I
actually grabbed some gray play-doh and
put it as chocolate honey miss makitas
cupcake looks lovely can I hug I share
it
miss monkey
so this sword is actually really dull
we've used it for the fruit ninja line
and if it was pretty soft but yeah super
safe and we have lots of fun with it say
that this is actually the Mulan's books
or but a replica so um because they say
that this has a face on the top and then
the moon one sort has a face to it so my
brother gave this to us Provine and i
think it's a taiwanese sword i don't
think it's a it's not a mulan sort of
looks like it but it's from taiwan it's
just a replica
monkey you have the voice of an angel
thank you okay now it's my turn
mary had a little lamb
Oh
you
and miss monkey made this dessert for us
this is the first time you've made this
dessert it's got nice cookie it's got a
hockey stick it's got chocolate mama be
mama be mama mama mama be mama baby mama
baby mama just got home with the monkeys
and I smell a very very sweet smell
coming out of the kitchen
mama bees got sausages eggs some I see
some hash browns oh it's gonna be a good
run to brunch I guess is I'm gonna do
this for the rest of the thing okay just
do that cuz they feed you no because cuz
you're everything and you feed me also
and very nice I love it
alright here's the ultimate test let's
see if mama P can catch a Hail Mary
five more minutes monkeys and we're
going home I'm gonna chill out with Mama
B for another four five minutes mama B
you should be a football player yeah
yes that was a great catch
congratulations mommy you are now a star
football player
touchdown mommy touchdown little monkey
here would you makeup tutorials you
don't wear makeup
that's all I know about the song
Monkeyface oh yeah that was a bad idea
my month it really earth you made me do
to while we arriving that was a good
idea
on your head right now begins Gary you
know give it up won't do anything if you
don't move are you scared of bees it's
on your head right now so don't move I'm
gonna sting your buddy's here and your
boot and then you'll - so hope you guys
have a good night
and we'll see you again joins me if you
see I'm having really anyway she's got
out of shower already know it's first
thing about me how come your lipstick is
not because I'm good right freaking red
shit is an average if you only ran at
stain
what is a blackberry you can eat it's
not a fruit don't lick my blackberry
won't even have a light berry you
already have a phone and doesn't even
want an old phone there's a dimer yeah
y'all ha ha yeah y'all
