I don't where that's wrong we're here
today with Chris ballinger and he's
gonna show us some amazing magic I'll
make sure to include his YouTube channel
up in the video somewhere in the
description so take it away Chris show
us some magic well I thought we'd play a
little game you guys like games yeah all
right I need you to remember that this
is a diamond don't worry that it means
just remember that it's a diamond which
will hold it exactly the same way I
believe that's perfect the perfect and
then this one is the heart okay so I
have the heart you have the diamond okay
if I go ahead they switch places am I
good like that they switch back like
that that's how that works
to switch the places okay when your
thumb up here perfect now the way you
were pulling it before was perfect
because I can slip the card in but if
someone holds a card up here like this I
can't really get in there okay without
looking at that card could you tell me
which card is on top of which cards on
bottom would be cool to you I can get
them to switch places the Diamonds up
here in the hearts down there would that
be cool you okay I don't do that trick
I do this he's speechless
oh my goodness
I was amazing thank you so much thanks
for watching definitely follow their
account you do you do magic Mondays yeah
you guys are in I imagine one day yes we
are a channel so definitely gotta check
it out and I'm sure awesome Chris
ballinger thank you so much thank you
thank you so much whoo so good
