children yes mama papa we want to talk
to you about something today we're doing
the conjoined twin challenge and we
decided we're gonna try to build Legos
together so we're gonna have a little
challenge here let's see what we can do
we're gonna try to open up these boxes
and we're gonna try to build these cards
so I got a little a little race card
here and the monkeys have a race car too
you guys know the reason of an ordinary
start you have a smaller one for this
one you have 106 pieces and for iris
we're trying to go a little bit hardcore
parkour we have one nine point ninety
okay so let's let's try to do it let's
go and start whatever
you guys
has changed well I am assembling they
lost the piece the monkeys are down
advantage mama hubby you're nowhere near
real writer might get my hip my head my
head my head my get my
you need to be relaxed when you do this
sleeping you're very good at sleeping
you're very good at taking naps mommy so
you got a hold this is a great partner
she's really good nice and easy the
monkeys are freaking out and are winning
her dress the meeting is not the answer
children like what you can do today
we're definitely winning okay not so
feeding free that's a seat we just put a
seat together we're almost done here
with the leg that is not fair how is it
not fair because you sabotage like hires
the monkeys did win they got it before
us that is very nice wow that's very
impressive looks like very good Wow
well that was interesting as you can see
the little monkey is celebrating the win
both you guys are the champions of the
conjoined twin challenge
- nice Lego cars to play with that was
very stressful and I'm very sweaty and
hot right now mama B how do you feel it
was funny I actually thought that
building little was gonna be boring but
it's not it's better if it we've been up
to me I would get here until 3:00 a.m.
I'm still building so yeah thank you for
being my friend oh thank you very much
thank you well you're an amazingly
supervisor and partner gives a great job
join triplets so what do you guys think
let us know in the comments what you
guys would want us to do in the Condor
conjoined twins channel change challenge
thank you for watching we love you very
much
