today we're making my favorite in
Banaras beef empanadas mama B she knows
what she's doing she knows the dealio we
both grew up eating it
so this is my version that I'm making
I'm sure that all the Latin Americans
have their own version of it bananas but
this is how we love to eat it okay so
obviously you're starting with a ton of
onions and you're just chopping them as
small as possible yes I'm gonna make
about two pounds of meat okay so I have
about eight onions so if you're making a
pound maybe three or four onions I like
a lot of onions in the up analysis
depending on how much you like that's
how many you put but I put a lot okay
everyone's gonna have stank breath but
it's okay it's worth it it's gonna be
amazing it's gonna be awesome it's gonna
be awesome you can never put too many
onions I'm telling you this is this is
the real deal right here there's like
eight hundred onions in this thing so
okay for two pounds of meat you have how
many onions I have eight but that's
because I'm making a lot of in pinellas
like I'm making some for us for
celebrating my mom's birthday I'm gonna
take some for our friends at CrossFit
whoo so that's why I'm making a lot of
meat but your art needs to make two
pounds okay yourself so two pounds of
meat and lots of onions yeah I'm putting
some olive oil okay and there are people
who will say you don't cook with olive
oil but I like to put olive oil with my
onions I've always done that and it's
fine so I don't have that feat super
high I have it on medium because I want
the onions to sweat out and get close
and I don't want them to burn well I
don't want browning I just want them to
cook down okay but I want them to skate
wait yeah you don't want to burn the
onions you know I don't taste and the
flavor of it so I stay here and I keep
stirring them around making sure they
don't get burned and if on medium on
medium medium how long does a batch of
onions like this big I'm gonna say maybe
10 minutes 10 15 minutes okay because
I'm not putting the heat very high okay
so you're gonna see the difference from
this to when they're actually cooked the
whole house is gonna smell like onions
I'm gonna smell like onions for like
three days but it's worth it it's worth
it I'm telling you it's they're so good
the onions are the heart and soul of the
empanada that's right or is it the meat
so I'm gonna smell like heart and soul
for the next three days no while the
meat is the heart and soul - so the meat
and the onions so I like the smell of
meat and onions I don't mind smelling
like meat and onions it's it's fine it's
okay I'm not gonna get chased by any
bears or anything
how are your eyes not burning right now
because I cook on a regular basis what
are you laughing at me are you laughing
with me I'm laughing at you
okay we need to cook more often you
should be laughing
we've more often than never what's but
you know what i cooking I cook I cook I
cook I cook eggs you know cook okay show
my onions now show your onions
we'll see oh they're nice and they're
cooking down yes
hey they're not caramelized that I smell
flavor and going for they're just cooked
onions
what is caramelize caramelize mean it's
when they're brown and then oh it just
like overcook
well not overcook so there's recipes are
cold for caramelized onions this is not
run you just need him like a slightly
cook right and you see how I keep
turning because I don't want them to sit
in the key
and this has been turning for what 10 15
minutes why my eyes have been burning
for like 20 minutes okay so they need to
figure out how to how to fix this whole
onion burning I think because it's you
know okay and if you find that your
onions are sticking you can take you can
take a tiny bit of water and put it in
there to make sure that the onions don't
stick to the pan all right just a little
bit this is how I want the onions okay
well now I'm gonna add the knees that is
a lot of meat lean ground beef 2 pounds
yeah and like I said like no one is
gonna make this much meat well it's
because a lot of meat I am making a ton
of it finale's 4 okay I'm gonna remove
it meat-eaters Oh take it off the heat
yep and that is because I plan to make a
lot of empanadas my son wants to take
some to school for his teacher to get so
that he can get better grades I think no
it's because he loves her when I was a
kid I would have to bring my teacher
like at least two dozen empanadas can we
make one giant meatball one day yeah no
because then the middle wouldn't cook
I'm just mixing meat down and it's gonna
start to quickly with the onions and I'm
gonna start to add my seasonings okay
what's in the ceilings mama B so first
some salt I use sea salt you can use
regular salt if you want so you can
basically add as much or as little salt
as you want I just kind of eyeball to
eyeball it paprika
I love paprika everything so a pretty
good bit about paprika for the free-cos
and that's a lot of that's a nice but
freaking you got in there no don't
forget this is a lot of meat yeah you
got two pounds of meat yeah and she have
put a lot of paprika okay cumin cumin I
think this is also a heart and soul for
empanada
cumin is a nice okay so you don't want
to toss it in there
I'm not as very powerful not as much as
you did the paprika no okay just a
little bit yeah human for the humans
okay and there you go just a little bit
like that right just a little bit alone
I put a doable no cases from Uruguay but
you can also put oregano or any Italian
seasoning or anything like that this is
nice because it has a little bit of
everything okay and it gives it a really
nice flavor doable
Oh cumin adobo for the Lobos
sea salt black pepper that's black
pepper and this is paprika yeah all
right
freaka for the free cos and now you're
mixing it all up mm-hmm mix it up nice
and slowly yeah don't let it burn so you
got any fears during it let's get a
close-up of that we need I'm freaking
for the freaking break over the freaking
wake up for the freakin are you trying
to scare me you're trying to hide around
you are trying to this is a little
monkey if you didn't know here's a
little monkey we're making it but us and
the little monkeys are they're hungry
for empanadas so I turned up the heat
now because I want to make sure that the
meat cooks very very well so it's not
the same key as the onions I turned it
up to about three-quarters up and now
you can hear it bubbling because the
meats actually expel some liquid so it
helps everything to cook nicely again
I'm not letting it sit to cook I keep
stirring so nothing gets burned so
nothing sits at the bottom of the pan
can you hear that
do that bubble see juicy meat and onions
what's your meat onions face is that
your meat onions face you want to know
that's my what are you talking about
face okay this is this is my meat and
onions face is it cute really you should
be paying attention to learn how to do
this to make it for me oh speaking of
turning up the heat I am learning I know
how to make him find out as mama B you
don't know how to make nevermind III
don't know how to make you mine eyes see
how it's starting to get 3/4 cooked okay
you still see some pieces that need
cooking alright now alright I white wine
do you need to add white wine no you
don't need to add white wine but I have
been adding white wine for years
something it works for me I like the
flavor with the meat okay I let this sit
overnight
a little bit of white wine for flavoring
when you cook with alcohol the alcohol
evaporates
what's left behind is the actual flavor
okay okay alright
and what'll also happen is when you play
it into the empanada it won't be like
dry meat in there it'll be nice to juicy
beef aha so that's also so the wine
keeps it juicy okay
good a wine okay alright well you got
two pounds of meat in there so it's
definitely yeah a little bit of wine
there but the the alcohol evaporates so
you don't actually taste the alcohol
from the wine because the alcohol is
gone and now but there's liquid in there
now I can really turn up the heat turn
it off taste test mama B mmm
I'm gonna add a little bit more paprika
over and more cumin
these are the seasonings that I like
mm-hmm again I'm sure all the Latin
Americans have their version their
seasonings that they like to put but
this is what I like to put in I get a
lot of compliments on lamp analysis when
people eat them mm-hmm that's all I use
I'm gonna let this cool down I'm gonna
cover it and put it in the fridge
overnight cuz I like this to be nice and
cold so when I'm making me a bananas the
beef is cold and all the juices from the
wine are not flowing out of the dough
when I'm putting it together so this is
gonna go overnight in the fridge
overnight in the fridge there it is let
it sit in the fridge overnight it's the
next day and I'm ready to build my
empanadas now I just took out the meat
from the fridge and you'll see what it
looks like and see it's not ready it's
hard
the mixture is solid so it's gonna be
easy to make the empanadas now this is
my empanada building station I have
hard-boiled eggs i boiled a ton of eggs
and peel them these are olives with no
seeds inside but I have eaten empanadas
that have the seeds inside the olives I
got my meat I have a bowl with water in
case I need water to seal the empanadas
and these are the dough's so I don't
make my own dough it's a ton of work can
make your own dough and these are known
as the da bus stop bus the empanadas or
the dough that you filled the empanadas
with and this is a little bit greasy ER
than like pizza dough it's a little bit
greasy ER and oily ER and that's why
it's so yummy and good and these are
great because they're individually
wrapped so wherever you live try going
to a Latin grocery store bakery and ask
them if they have the dough and it's a
bus to make
bananas and so this is what I use and
they're amazing
so this is where I get comfortable I
just sit here and listen to music and I
have my pen here ready with some
parchment paper ready for the for the
oven pretty assembly what for the
assembled in bananas so I take some
mixture so just a spoonful a mixture
yeah so I tried to put as much as I can
because I remember being a kid and
eating empanada and there was just like
this much beef and a tiny piece of egg
and he used to drive me crazy so now
that I'm an adult and I made it to make
my own and bananas I put as much meat as
possible and a nice big piece of egg so
the egg I cut into I would say eight
pieces and so I put one piece of egg one
olive of course my hands are very very
clean I washed them and now I seal it so
see I'm gonna wet a little bit here and
push everything down with my hand and
first I'm gonna gently push it down with
my fingers and now here is the special
technique to seal it
now that's special they'll keep the meat
from flying out that's right because you
don't want anything to come out while
it's cooking and there it's sealed
actually exists machines that you can
buy or little devices that seal it for
you
and I've tried those and I didn't like
them so that's why I do it like this
old-fashioned style
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam boom bam bam
what now no that's a skill right there
here are a bananas they're ready to be
popped in the oven there's a couple of
more steps to do first is we're gonna do
an egg wash to go over them I decided a
tiny bit of water grab my brush brush
the egg wash get a little school just
like a Tim detect golden shininess I
love that yellow color that golden shine
is nice so that's the last one
and right before they go into the oven
we are going to pop a few holes on the
top of each empanada to let the steam
out and then they're ready to go into
the oven
I put the oven at 400 it's nice and hot
400 yeah and we're gonna keep an eye on
these don't worry guys you'll be out
soon we promise mwah the smell is
incredible coming out of this oven ready
yes
Wow look at that beautiful color look at
that color Wow beautiful that's exactly
what you want
how'd you doing good how's the empanadas
Slick Rick Astley slick do you put some
hot sauce in any it is a weightless
birthday that we're celebrating and
that's what we made these empanadas so
we're here with a bailout and that's
where I got my love of cooking and my
love of food is from my mom
oh yeah so you have to taste the
empanada mmm
tell us I can't wait I can't wait I'm
looking forward to this oh here we go
there we go yeah she loves it this is
xmm nice is it I will approve on a scale
of one to ten what do you what do you
say eleven
