hey guys today we're gonna show you a
video that we did on a live broadcast
from the periscope app and we're on
there as well if you want to follow us
I'll leave the description down below so
miss monkey dressed up as mini Miranda
and she sang her song and her tooth flew
out so I thought it would be a good idea
to post it here so ladies and gentlemen
mini Miranda and her flying tooth oh
well there we go I've been waiting for
like 10 minutes right now
for a little monkey to get uh you're
ready you wanted to sing a song you want
to sing a song it's are you gonna sing
today Miranda
you're gonna sing shake it off shake it
off you know okay all right here it is
oh are you ready yeah okay
come closer you gonna do you understand
or you know just alright I'll just watch
you
your tooth came out
you guys just witnessed mini Miranda's
tooth just came out it's been loose for
like three weeks your tooth just came
out oh my goodness that tooth has been
jiggling and wiggling around for weeks
and you guys always do you have anything
to say about your tooth
and these don't we on she was man game
it's what we're what tastes weird
boy do you want to show everyone your
tooth is it so gross okay
it's so white I took care of it we don't
wait
that's very nice seat so all it took was
a Miranda sings song Taylor Swift and
now it's okay
certain tooth came out so now you can
actually thanks to the pool do you think
the tooth fairy's gonna bring you
anything
oh it's Carly's birthday hey doing am
using a bee burn things on so her tooth
actually came out while she was singing
your face is numb well there you go
mini Miranda just lost her tooth mama B
it's girls night out you're doing brainy
brainy Liam
bananas breeze me oh you're too funny oh
look at all those hearts do you like
those hearts many more do you like the
hearts
you like the heart that's very nice
that's good tonight
wait let me want gently mama you gonna
go wash your mouth well you guys
witnessed mini Miranda she literally
lost her tooth right there when we were
singing while she was singing I was just
confused oh so that's it she's off to
rinse out her she can eat her wings now
there's a lot of hearts here mini
Miranda if you want to see they're
giving you lots of hearts your tooth is
more popular than the hearts let's go
over to see mini Miranda she's rinsing
on her mouth there you are dancing with
you two now you could eat chicken wings
and even verse 19 for three days oh my
breath smells mudal right now it was
like a wet Luke oh it's a wet dog no all
right I'm sorry
okay she's gonna keep washing out her
mouth so I hope you guys enjoyed that I
hope you guys enjoyed that a gum a what
what's a Gump
she means a Gump Oh a cup you want a cup
these are gum insulting her in her
accents that's not an accent that's just
the wrong way to say cup alright Minnie
Miranda you can rinse over when you Herc
is what you are coughing your tooth came
out okay guys yeah this is this is our
view it's a brick wall that's what we
see you have to rinse properly you know
how upset my mommy's gonna be if you get
your gum blood all over the all over the
sink you have to if you didn't wipe your
mouth you have to wipe it on the tissue
me Miranda
don't be wiping it with the towels
because I have to explain to mama B why
there's red lipstick all over the towels
oh my goodness we love you guys I hope
you enjoyed the the mini Miranda sings
singing extravaganza and you guys
witnessed you know her tooth falling out
of her mouth so that was pretty fun you
please owned the best I know they're the
best who's the best and they're the best
they love you so much of course I'm
gonna don't do yeah
mini Miranda's gonna adopt you okay guys
we love you very much we'll see you guys
later peace
we love you guys bye say bye mini
Miranda
