are you ready for games yeah are you
ready for game yeah last week we played
five nights at freddys oh yeah and uh
where where is the link is there a link
in here it will be right here above my
head or maybe down here no right here
okay so last time we played five nights
at Freddy's and was it scary I was
scared well I played a few times but
then I got used to it and well sometimes
it's unexpected jump scares so me very
jumpy
it's very jumpy were you ever you're
used to very very jumpy very very jumpy
baryonic so today we're gonna wait and
balance it out we're gonna play
something a little bit a little bit
lighter so what do you guys think we're
gonna play something super like today
Barbie digital makeover Barbie digital
makeover for the Barbie digital makeover
yeah Oh Mike you like your glasses
thank you they're very nice where's your
slick itty slick your slick any slick
odds that's kind of slick any slick this
is what I'm gonna do now
oh you're gonna do that this is yours no
no not now but every time where there's
a gaming video I'm gonna change my hair
oh okay so you're gonna have what if we
have 100 gaming videos then I'll check
them you have a hundred hairstyles it's
gonna be interesting what do you what do
you book - what are you doing folding
and frog oh do you have a special way to
fold a blanket
I folded the normal way okay no I saw
the Internet is like a really special
way to pull things like shirts and stuff
it's pretty cool it's his Swans and
hearts can you fold that one to us one
okay go
done wow that is a great
that's a nicest one I've ever seen I
don't like it we're gonna play the game
soon paper airplane blankets I think
it's gonna fly blister your socks are
here thank you here you look very warm
was your favorite socks they're very
warm they're very cute mama B's here now
the kids are making paper airplanes out
of blankets that's very creative yeah I
like that
and it's very ecologically uh
ecologically isn't it is it ecologically
is it equal logic we corrector it's good
for the environment good for the
environment we're not wasting anything
yes we're not we're just using blankets
yeah we're not usable it's it's fluffy
it's paper airplane blankets you pay for
airplane blankets they're like real
paper aeroplanes blegh
they're like real airplanes because yeah
you could sleep in and they're huge and
there's my kids Wow there it is wait
mine there it is paper airplane blanket
oh yeah okay okay you guys ready to play
yeah okay we're gonna play now we're all
gonna get makeover today you guys ready
yeah you're gonna demo it for us you're
gonna show us what we need to do so
first press that you need to take a
picture of yourself
oh it's cool it's gonna cheat Hey and
then there's this one there's six
different maybe like this look at your
eyes can you see anything
No
what is going on now this one Wow my my
my my my and then there is no fancy now
looks awful answer's no I'm married you
can see if you let your hearts go oh
where my fancy ha ha happy Valentine's
Day
what is that it was like little little
hearts on your eyes ok and what's your
name pretty lady uh Valentini your name
Valentini no Valentine granny style oh
you have some mm all right
I don't think it works with your glasses
you get a lipstick but ok see I take
your glasses off and you have to try it
with your glasses okay
oh that's fabulous
there's oh pretty
welcome to The Hunger Games old lady boo
boo you have very fancy face this is a
lot less less scary than five nights at
Freddy's
yeah well he's kind of is seeing men
with makeup it maybe it's maybe it's
just as scary what do you guys think
maybe it's just a scary to see these
guys with some crazy makeup I know
everybody Oh what your lipstick
when that lights on or off mama be all
right mama B you just get your head
right in there I automatically I talk
like this mama B your eyes they're so
fabulous thank you hearts
oh mama B you're so pretty oh where are
you going with those luscious eyelashes
and those what is that called
is that like my shadow eyeshadow Oh
beautiful
so how can mama B get even more
beautiful Oh why are we all talking like
this well some ghosts oh hello no B oh
that's a pretty hard oh so lips ha
ha you have to make a kissy face then a
kissy face me like a lot ah this is this
is wrong as these this is the face that
mommy makes when she plays the game what
about you it's time for for for me to do
it Oh what do you guys think yeah is
this very pretty Randy
Oh back in my days a gentleman was a
gentleman no matter where he was I would
take the bus and a gentleman would help
me on the bus and he would help him and
he wouldn't help me as you can see my
cheekbone structure is very defined what
you need to shave Oh No eeeh this is how
they do it a classy woman never shaves
I'm all about the scruff about the
scruff no travel oh yes well this see
this is great I'm ready I'm ready for a
show now why is my lipstick schwa ha ha
ha oh there we go look at that beautiful
oh just lovely now you know what I'm
gonna go to your school like this I'm
gonna go I'm gonna come looking for you
at school I'm gonna say ah you see my
son so beautiful I look so even when I'm
crying oh you know what I'm crying I'm
beautiful all right I had enough of this
ha ha well that was it that's it that's
it ok that's it I think that's it that's
it
whoa yeah y'all ha ha
