monkeys let's play some games good
morning how are you guys all right well
today we're gonna play a game and we're
gonna play Crossy Road and this is our
first time doing this so I kind of set
it up on the computer and I think it's
gonna work I hope it works
you guys tell us so we're gonna cross
the road and if you have any other games
you want us to play either on the laptop
or as an app let us know what you guys
think you guys ready to do Crossy Road
yeah all right let's do this you've
already played this game right monkey
yeah my top score my top score was 164
okay and this you know what this game
reminds me of Frogger and do you guys
remember frog replace Prager yeah
Frogger is like a game where a frog just
kind of crosses the street but this is
kind of like the guy who invented Crossy
Road I think said I like flappy bird and
I like Frogger so I'm gonna make cross
the road okay let's get started okay so
this is the Crossy Road iPad version and
I just have to what I just have to like
move my and not get killed tap and you
have to cross the road with that baby
joke okay what's with all of the trains
because when the lights turn on okay but
why is it seem so easy for me oh okay so
I can swipe down and move out of the way
and you can swipe left and right left
right okay all right okay what's
happening okay
piece of cake your record is 164 yeah
I'm about to crush your record on my
first shot here okay so this is a
chicken obviously what's happening oh oh
oh you see that see you guys you guys
don't know all of that I'm a pro yeah so
what do you guys think so far do you
think I'm gonna record 68 right now and
this chicken is a little stressed out ya
know
happens without you took too long so the
ego comes and gets you the Eagle comes
and gets me yes why okay baby don't get
too long
what do you mean boys they're like a
timer shouldn't tell me that there's a
that there's an eagle timer that's gonna
come and snatch me away from the world
and oh you know what I'm gonna do here
I'm gonna try to go as quickly as
possible and I'm gonna beat your score
just by going crazy like that it's all
timing case it's all timing what's that
what's that
what hide it again um probably like you
died myself or what okay you know what
I'm okay and I'm like characters okay so
and so far my favorite is Wow a lot of
guys oh how many do you okay so how many
hours have you played this game because
it looks like you've been logged
everybody probably like most five who
are like I just probably like five four
three
oh so snail Lee where's the I saw there
was a pigeon you were planning a picnic
is this okay well that's easy
okay you're you're a pro at this all
right
well it's easy because the please tiny
so how are you okay I don't get it so I
don't get it that's a flee so how did a
flee get run over by a car right down
the middle wouldn't the car just kind of
go over yeah top of the flee and that's
what I don't get either oh yeah I do
booby pigeon it poops does it it's like
let's go poopy pigeon let's do this will
be will be will be pitching
does it poop more when the Eagle comes
and gets it it's so scared
music oh yeah I think so in the movie
kitchen y'all you're gonna pick yourself
is you're gonna get smashed by train all
right oh you're gonna hear that's it
you're done you're toast
you're toast oh okay I'm gonna okay
instead of trolling you I'm gonna
encourage you now okay monkey boy go
monkey boy we're gonna get the wolf
what's your favorite lovely money well
let's see what the lovely Bunny's gonna
do okay lovely money
let's go Emily oh so lovely oh this is
mammal funny and I'm lovely and I'm
going across the street and I'm going to
go to my grandma's house oh this goes
ooh all right let's do this
what if so what happens with the disco
so there's a bunch of named their likes
like stalking the disco
I don't like a disco elephant yeah I
would lose my concentration to it a
bunch of random animals started dancing
disco in their stream I'm trying not to
die oh this is making me very nervous
right now
go monkey boys that's not bad that's not
bad you're 70 oh okay and those chickens
are really just knocking you it's like
go party is over okay yeah well or a
tipster was guys a maker of crossing
road this is the maker this guy right
here yeah and I am locked in okay
and he takes picture and what is he well
he's very floppy and he takes pictures
yeah Oh gives you busy put is he is he
putting on yeah
do you see that you see that that's
pretty serious the RV by the rb5 is that
what it is yeah least want eat a
sandwich
oh all right let's go he's taking
pictures of everything that's going on
to the observer I didn't take a picture
of the truck listen destroying him and
his fancy little camera in his glasses
kind of very distract you because you
can't see anything at all and why would
you pick a guy that is I can't see
anything
and I am locked Frankenstein and it's
also like a scary movie you like almost
scary creepy stuff yeah when your
favorite whatever favorite movies with
pranks that Frank and dog movie bringing
Lee Frankenweenie was scary like what is
that is it raining though thank you cuz
you picked the crazies why do you just
pick lucky bunny I would I would I would
think that you would like love you honey
but okay no you know what pick up 199
119 119 that's this that's the one not a
knife that's what we gotta go okay so
it's me okay here's your chance to
redeem yourself last chance is leave
slime and it doesn't go like that it
goes smoothie smoothie smoothie snail
kind of recipe well I'm just you know
this is kind of I don't really move
around too much oh oh you see that
skills poppy the Biggles
all the time all the time rusty the part
of that train pretty soon there he goes
you are the record holder of this game
oh oh this is Doge Doge No
very cross Doge Doge is a dojo dodge
this
that's a Doge a dog a dog don't ever see
what you go on the internet it's called
the dog the dog a dog it's that it's a
cute you know what that's that's what
it's all about it's this is the Doge
this is very very fast that's the point
on the Doge look at this don't you know
the power of the Doge or the Doge look
at that those does whatever he wants now
we are going to cross this river
oh goodness I'm not I'm not into coins
right now I'm into winning with nobody
do that like a hundred coins you can get
a get I'm good oh yeah yeah well you
know what I have a hundred right now
yeah and Doge is very amazed much hop so
clone Road once well sex square such
square game mcGarry's and you know what
you got my dream much people does it
much
kakuzu
what was that okay is it what is he a
dinosaur that's not gonna help
that's not gonna help look at this oh no
this is taking so long this is taking
too long
oh this is very this is much stretch
you're gonna do the last one and this is
the random one okay all right poopy
pigeon last animal on cross eat on the
Crossy road game for today one more time
water okay Ruby pigeon we do this okay
if poopy pigeon gets destroyed I'm gonna
hear it I'm enjoying this way too much
okay fine one more time concentration
well I hope you enjoyed this video and
if there are any games that you want us
to play leave the comments down below
what else what else would be safe
anything else no no that's it
aha
