we are getting ready for Father's Day
always wrong with our big daddy awesome
prizes and today spaghetti the problem
should become socially good a superstar
how you gonna get if you look at these
ones modern families Phil Dunphy knows
that Aykroyd dad is a digital dad I'm
cool that'sthat's my fam from here but I
surf the web like cats lol papa oMG oh
my god WTF for the face and he's got
some serious competition from real life
social superstar bands showcasing the
funny
and the fleetingly magical moments of
fatherhood you want to make a few dots
for the eyes Volkoff from the lunchbox
head has become an internet celebrity
for his wife and kid friendly lunches
you could have one wish what would it be
every second floor has over six hundred
thousand dollars online and you notice
how we talked about it we figured you
know maybe somebody others going off
about it too so let's share and his
videos that struck a chord we received a
lot of letters from you know for kids
around the world that you know that come
from you know broken homes or they were
going through you know some issues that
we've had some interesting letters come
through we're nor these did we find
happiness in our vines social badger
Utica went to connect with each other to
fix on my work right now I'm proving
it's not just that chick your kids at
heart a lot of fun there so we
