good morning today is fine gonna be lots
of fun we're gonna be making things
float so yeah hopefully the weather is
gonna turn out we're gonna do it up as
soon as you see him drop the cuff you're
gonna like this and it hats gonna fly
off and then you're gonna you're gonna
go like this and the cuffs gonna start
raising up in the air so I'm gonna
follow your lead okay like this like
that like hard boom and then you know
you just not throw it on the ground
you're just like walking if you have
your phone in your hand
that look good though Mac look good
that looks good
hello everybody so we get a whole bunch
of a whole bunch of vines today and now
I'm gonna pass it over to my lovely
daughter no we just came back from our
pastry store
we got pastries for tonight barbarian a
producer said if we didn't have him we
would have to build him that's why when
someone tells you you can't do it you're
just nicest don't climb the ladder of
success with your hands in the pockets
that's my motivational Arnold speech so
crazy anyways let's see what's at the
window
you must think outside the box
impressions with mr. yang happy face sad
face Miley Cyrus face nailed it though
he's a really really good friend he's a
mentor
so whatever have any problems or any
life issues I always go to mr. yang he
always gives me great advice and I am
going to see him right now so you will
get to hang out with mr. yang for a
little bit yeah yeah yeah yeah my name
is Phillip young why ang yes I consider
myself as an actor but I'm not a
producer so I go by whatever maybe is
producing how do you say forget that
person in Korean
Shinyoung cop go go go
mr. yang everybody we're gonna go eat
please they say boosts in Korean what
how do you say peace in Korean come ah
omoi second yep awesome
