ooh
and that's pretty much all I need to do
for the vine and I don't know how to
play the guitar I know like four chords
and yeah I only know I think four chords
on the guitar but all I need is a couple
of chords for this let it go us to do a
remake that we're going to try doing
today I'm just waiting for my daughter
to get home and there are actually a
couple of vines that where we're going
to be trying another dead husband
walking one with my son that's going to
be in the van but it's a little cold so
we got to wait until it it warms up a
little bit so we'll see what we can do
that this week sometimes it's freezing
so yeah we're gonna try to do a doing us
to do a remake we'll see how it works
out try to get my son to film while
we're doing it and yeah so that's it
okay so we're gonna do um I know what to
say
you know what to say right okay so let's
see if we get the you want to hold that
you want to hold the camera or maybe
maybe mama can film in no I want to kill
me oh no you're filming that maybe mama
can film the the actual voice so
basically what you have to do is you
have to just film our mouths are the
worst beatboxer in the world then you
bring our faces up so we're both level
like this okay can you see us both like
that just our mounts and we're both
there
beatboxing yeah that's right cuz I can't
sing cuz you're the worst beatbox in the
world okay okay one two let it go you're
the worst beat boxer in the world let's
see how it looks I think my filming so
thank you and now let's do it again I
don't see if I can actually get it up
this time
you're gonna look straight and then just
keep looking straight don't look into
the camera and then I'll just be like
yes Daddy
and then you start recording when she
does so she starts singing wait one two
let it go let it go do the worst beat
boxer in the world the timing is perfect
and then when she says I can't sing
because that's when you kind of expose
her face songs
okay let it go let it go do the worst
beatbox in the world
because you're the worst beat boxer in
the world that's perfect
behind the seat oh this is great this is
Frankie for the camera this is Fred girl
here it is good neighbor from across the
street and hope you never move are you
so okay good
will you never move to chew session oh
god it's even it's not a bad sign yeah
it's hard to the fretboard of the curb
play
like six seconds what I need really oh
that's cool thank you for for filming
yeah like um
show your face give yourself a selfie
what up little more what do you think
about yesterday's vine would you like it
the guitar one did you like it let go
yeah let it go yeah well I'm very proud
of you that was a very good did a great
job she did a great job
go I'm gonna eat eight hundred toggles
thank tapas are my favorite definitely
my favorite tacos and nachos so we got
the taco shells we're gonna stick in the
oven this is turkey meat because it's
healthier and better watch your weight
you know I'm saying so I can eat like
eight hundred these tacos and I'll feel
so bad so many hundred pounds of cheese
and some whole wheat tortillas taco
night in the AV family household that's
how we do this we do have hot the taco
powder because if you actually do pull
too much salt so that'll wash away here
so what is your mother say what would
your mother say about this this is
healthy you're eating turkey meat and
tomatoes and lettuce and cheese made
with milk from cows so it's healthy it's
okay that you're eating eight mm but
that's okay 24 tacos it's still healthy
doing 20 for tacos everything's healthy
here there's nothing bad not actually
that nothing bad breakup cheese
don't look at the brick of cheese but
you know what that's calcium whole wheat
tortillas corn shell corn shells not
chocolate shells
first chocolate shells would be bad for
you we do corn shells this is our cheat
day let's try to explain a piles oh we
got to hit the avocados the avocados we
cut up we mix it put a little bit of
lemon that's it
tako nice look who just locked in oh l
McFly's homer slides hello
Wow a styling I think your best ever
stylin and profilin sy was awesome best
but when I was looking to it I just
wanted I remembered about back to
featuring your matching very nicely you
got this your new jeans wow if I had an
orange I would be wearing red the house
and like different you use but these go
together pretty good I think it's like a
futuristic a futuristic futuristic Marty
McFly Wow
awesome guys know the words can't get to
me at all it's time to see what I can do
to test the limits and break through no
right no wrong no rules for me I'm free
let it go let it go I am one with the
wind and sky let it go let it go you'll
never see me cry here I stand let the
storm rage on my power flurries through
the air to the ground my soul is
spiraling in frozen fractals all around
and one thought crystallizes like an icy
bath let it go and I'll rise like the
break of dawn let it go let it go
that perfect girl is gone let the storm
rage on Wow okay it's time to go to
Taekwondo Oh where's the boy where's the
boy get all jacked up for some tight
