hey guys so a few weeks ago we did a
three marker challenge we get drawings
that we have to color but we are limited
in our resources so we all have to pick
three colors and we pick out of a hat
and we all have to create this art based
on the limited resources that we have at
the end of the video we wanted to give
away our artwork to a few lucky fans now
one of the fans actually wanted to
surprise her daughter for her birthday
we thought it would be great for our
fans to have the art that we created one
of the mothers actually recorded the
reaction when her daughter received it
as a surprise for her birthday and I was
not expecting the reaction video and I
wanted to share with you guys so you
guys ready yeah a month ago
which one did they get this is yours
wasn't it oh yeah Wow
lucky duck lucky duck the greasy haired
minions well I love her hand right now
for about 15 Bella stuff it's her
birthday oh my good okay so they're
watching it she's watching her video oh
my goodness she tweeted at me and was
home and she was gonna surprise her
daughter so I was like yes absolutely
let's do this Wow
so think she's just trying to figure out
like what's going on what's happening
look baby you gotta read it you did that
time you can't right now I already did
which is me and daddy hi Michael I'm in
this secret for three weeks
look there's one more one more tweet I
sent this to them today
wow that is well one one picture that we
did you first know wow it's her birthday
that's amazing and is so cute
my mama said reach both stars baby
you starting to cry - why it's exciting
right and now you guys could hang it up
in your room Wow Wow what is so nice
it's so amazing to see someone just
really touched me like I knew with her
like I feel it
how should I not mean it she's gonna put
it over her bed I can't breathe Wow
she's so beautiful oh I want to go and
give her a big hug oh my goodness well
then when I said look behind you weren't
you something else I would like watch
them immediately
it is far into them that they have what
they to watch with my family
what is Thanksgiving a great one I
wasn't even expecting that type of
reaction from her she has all crying
we appreciate the videos you make and I
appreciate you making my little girl's
dreams come true and inspiring her even
more
it gets me right here to know that we
touched her heart we inspire her so much
and it was it was one drawing that we
did a three marker challenge and we sent
it and I'm speechless
who knew that a drawing that we made in
the sign would make this girl's birthday
because she watches us every day right
and so she feels like she's part of us
and we're part of her and we belong to
one family to receive something like a
picture from us made her start crying
and she couldn't stop crying and she was
so happy
those are the best kind of tears happy
tears this is what it's all about we
love sharing our moments we love sharing
our experiences we love sharing it with
you and we love knowing that you enjoy
watching what we share what we do this
is what it's all about and it shows the
power of video it shows how we can
influence we can help we can use video
for what we can educate to spread love
spread love your joy and happiness
memories memories humor you make people
laugh we can inspire them people cry
yeah you made me right
and our fans also inspire us yeah so
there's a part of where we are now
because without our fans we wouldn't be
where we are now mmm it's not because of
you guys and we thank you guys so much
every single day means so much where
you've gotten us and that's why we love
to post videos for you guys because we
love you guys so much yeah thank you
guys we love you and we're always
reading the comments on Instagram on
Twitter sometimes we can't reply to
everybody but we promise you we read
everybody's comments wherever it is
we're always reading them so thank you
guys for all the love and positivity to
Isabel the girl in the video you have so
much potential on this earth and I feel
like you can do so much because you're
such an amazing little girl I can't wait
to see you grow up and do such amazing
things
Isabel you have such a big place in my
heart and every video we make we and I
will be thinking of you and to every fan
we have you all are so special to us is
so important to us and we love you so
much
thank you e7 I loved watching your video
thank you to mama thank you to mama for
documenting that for filming when she
received it and then four weeks later
the birthday you are a beautiful family
and I loved your shirt I saw that kind
people are my kind of people
and so you are kind we are kind let's
keep inspiring kindness in the world
together we love you and thank you thank
you for inspiring us as well Wow you
seven happy birthday we hope you had an
amazing birthday this song is for you
and for everyone celebrating a birthday
in the world leave a comment down below
Feliz cumpleanos happy birthday this is
for you
one two three
Oh happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear me sub and everybody out there
happy birthday
Oh
Oh
oh my name is Jeff happy birthday thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and me to comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice
