today we're gonna be mixing all of the
candies into one why because why not we
know how much you guys love it when we
mix all kinds of stuff together we've
made giant things before in the past but
today we're gonna be mixing all of our
candies together and we're gonna make it
into one we're doing is we're going to
be putting the candy into the ball and
melting it and then you're pouring it
into it triple it triple a triple it new
words triple it into the candy dude are
you guys ready for this yeah all right
what candy do you want to use the first
candy we're gonna be using is jellybeans
I think that's good because there's
gonna be a lot of candies Hey oh yeah
okay they're gonna put their coke
bottles they're coming coke bottles
let's pour this in next up we have nards
swedish berries yeah wishes what's gonna
be really colorful oh yeah we have some
rainbow Twizzlers oh those colors the
blues and yellow the Reds - the Reds
yellow Pink's all right
j/k law we have what color do you think
it's gonna be my name it's gonna be
brown or purple in the comments right
now stop the video and think of what
color you think it will be so if you
think it will be red rainbow blue go
down into the comments and comment I'm
just kidding guys
yeah oh that's one colorful candies
alright alright okay next up we have
Mike and Ikes
these things what are those several well
berry flavored twisties tangy that I
don't even know what it Amy's name is
whatever but it sounds pretty tangy and
zany to me
next up we have sorry skittles
got to mix it up a bit you know after a
while or the key oh my good name why God
doesn't get a blood clot you wash your
hands after playing swim yeah we have
starburst and these are the tropical
ones you're getting Underpants yup and
hello this is like speed peeling
starburst peeling challenge this is my
boy five uu5 already yes do you think
this is even gonna work yeah shut up -
ooh b QV gu b QV i saw him do something
like this he put together all his
candies and he made one giant like donut
candy so show the movie alden come down
below did it smell good
no yeah B what are you doing Wow alright
see that's why she should never work in
a candy factory could she get her slime
fingers all over the candy did you wash
your hands okay will you play with slime
before we made this video yeah in this
mixture we have starburst nerds
Twizzlers coca-cola white knights
horrible peaches skittle uh swedish
berries okay guys here we go
all the candies do one I'm gonna go and
melt this and put it inside the Lego
dude who's gonna work and what color do
you think it's gonna be probably read
any purple I think it's gonna be like a
dark brown so I think alright guys see
you in a bit
boo
eventually basically putting it on the
stove over warm water has taken about 45
minutes and it's not really there yet
but we just realized if you put this
stuff in the microwave for like five
minutes it'll really really really mix
and kids make sure you do not try this
at home
without a parent present or guardians an
adult it is really hot so be very very
careful all right let's see how this
works okay we just pulled it out of the
microwave it is a food Wow Wow
that is I hope it tastes better than it
looks
huh look at that who won
giant lego dude candy melted looks a
little gross probably gonna taste
amazing once we take a bite out of it
alright okay alright done pulls it up
let's wait I don't know an hour to six
hours late Dale I present to you a all
in one candy Lego dude peel it out yeah
oh my goodness I want to see what the
other side looks like how does that look
it's amazing what I see are twisty
twisty one of those twisty twisty I see
some are these skittles no those aren't
the jellybeans I see jellybeans okay so
some of them didn't actually melt okay
so what's the official color guys not
red so I was ready is it red or is it
like a dark brown yeah might be a bit
dark really like a burgundy burgundy
burgundy that's the rest oh it's like a
big sucker you know this is just like a
big sucker that you can just step on
it's a light cool did it work yeah it we
did make a lego guy yeah it tastes like
a gummy if it is it chewy or is it hard
to be very careful it's hard Angie
we don't do that that took about six
hours to do Wow with the melting in the
mixing yeah
but we enjoyed our time though well that
was fun tip when you're waiting for your
thing to freeze go to a party good nice
you okay oh it's so sticky this is like
solid candy right here solid I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you liked it
please give it a thumbs up in the
comments down below
you get the color right let us know and
if there's anything else you guys want
to see let us know we love you guys
we'll see you again next time
and I'm glad I was able to put some
broccoli in this what you gotta balance
it out if it's right where there's
broccoli pieces and parsley and stuff I
had to balance it out I'm kidding
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and me to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
