okay we just got this at the door and of
course I'm a risk taker so I decided to
bring it in yeah danger keep hatch
closed there's smoke coming out of it
all right are you ready for this ready
wait a second there's a letter it says
our lab was under attack and everything
was destroyed but we had to save paper
you want to just open this yeah
what are these creatures what is this
the boss
if something's alive in there
okay these are Raptors untamed these are
vicious creatures you have to be really
careful with these guys okay if you want
to make them go crazy and completely
untamed you can tap them on the head we
go they get all crazy tap them on the
nose they don't like that either whoa
whoa oh okay they don't like to be put
upside down either okay so they had
these sensors okay there's so many
different ways you can interact with
these guys there's so many different
ways you can interact with these guys I
think their eyes are closed right now oh
there they go all right and if you want
to tame them you just have to touch
their nose to the back of the head
that's how they calm down they can hang
off a coffee mug no problem yeah no I
think he likes that it's okay what do
you call a rapper that had a lot of
beans
Jurassic fart if you actually touched
their nose in the back of their head the
path lead ass
what happens if you type of head he
doesn't like it
no nope okay so from the letter it says
that these ferocious Raptors can be
tamed but sometimes they can be untamed
sometimes they get crazy
be very gentle with it dr. monkey okay
Jeff don't like it my likes it oh he's
getting crazy he's getting crazy these
little creatures have over 40 different
sounds and animations and they react to
touch motion and sound so okay okay okay
okay okay take it easy take it easy take
it easy
take it easy take it easy so this is
kind of like you if I do this you get
nice and smooth but if I do this yeah
mines are the crazy though my little
nuts okay we need to find a specialist
to tame this ferocious creature
this is a ferocious Raptor you'd be very
careful you can either tame it
it likes no scratches and the back of
the neck I reacts to sound and touch
give me a finger it's gonna bite you but
don't worry it there's a third one
downstairs you want to tame yours in the
package but be careful you know why
they're ferocious I don't think it likes
being upside down so you're the raptor
whisperer
yep what they call me I think I know the
right person that could tame this crazy
Raptor did you find fury yep I need to
tame him let's do the taming all right
are you guys ready for the Raptor taming
challenge the first Raptor that starts
growling and getting crazy loses okay so
they're all taming it's not growling
it's just an okay - tame okay that was
relaxed super relaxed everybody wins
everybody's relaxed now everybody's
tamed thank you so much - wowie for
sponsoring this video
really appreciate it baby
these untamed raptors are available in
the UK australia and canada and a coming
soon to the u.s. untamed you gotta check
them out I'll be the description down
below in the link so you guys can check
it out thank you so much I know there
was one more that I got I was in here
this one it's not it's not the box
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
