we know how much you guys love the last
one so this time we're bringing mama B
and she's gonna go against the monkeys
we're gonna see what PES happening I
think that rhymes if it didn't don't you
okay yeah we got this bag full of
markers we're all updated we got all
kinds each of you are going to pick
three colors and today the pictures are
Eve mochi are you guys ready all right
here we go
the first emoji is a emoji
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
chocolate parfait they don't see
chocolate blue okay it's blue heads whoo
that's gonna be a nice one actually that
is gonna be nice you know why cuz you
got blue for the crying pink Kiwi Huey
and Wow tropical violet
but I'm doing it I'm gonna make the
teardrop because I've two shades of
peach and I'm just gonna use the darker
shade for like the tiers cuz you got
ripped off yeah she's got the advantage
because she actually has the blue he's
concentrating Lee that face face of
concentration yeah she gonna go
traditional coloring or she gonna get
crazy what do you think she's making a
furry one like a Chewbacca
that's really good so that greasy-haired
the greasy hair is back my knees gonna
be a white emoji and a white emoji no
you got a painter can't leave it weighed
against the rules totally against the
rules guys a chimp oh I like temples I
think people who have Gimbels that's
where they harness all their charisma
and power that's very deep you know what
Kimble is that looks like blood no
thanks nothing what is it with your
generation if you actually stick your
tongue out you can actually make a nicer
photo concentration face see does that
work really everyone's got a different
skill you know we got clean lines and
then you finish it off I just didn't get
two peaches this it would look a lot
better
it's art I think imma be is almost ready
I'm a mess ready I'm ready
bless you Wow yours is amazing - yeah I
mean come on in creative see as a parent
we must have balance but we must also
recognize when someone's making it you
guys watching are gonna choose let us
know in the comments who wins I think I
should win because because she find the
finish they're still doing it Oh even
though you're done first that dud that
doesn't mean that even when you're done
a test first like let's say at school
does not mean that you have the answers
to everything might be that you're just
like I'm done know what I have no idea
what you think judges watching okay
judges please take into consideration
that Mama B actually finished her photo
before everyone else just just saying
how do you see patients in Spanish gon
toe how do you say patients in French
passio ins very good really I just guess
cuz all you gotta do is take a word and
I put like a French accent to it
not really so if it's like hot dogs
coffee to say madam ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls turn your art oh look at
that first we have greasy-haired crying
emoji she died chip he's got some kind
of teeth she got gypped on the colors
but I see that she really went all out
with the greasy hair and the forehead
lines why the forehead lines high before
him because why not
mama V you have something beautiful
so remember initially I said that this
was the color of shuffling so my emoji
is made of chocolate and chocolate is
loved around the world so my my emoji is
loved around the world the fact that my
emoji is laughing crying and these are
the best kind of tears is when you're
laughing so hard that it makes you cry
so my tears are full of stars and hearts
because these are the best kind of tears
oh that's so beautiful I have a rock
star kind of emoji
galuf and crying he has multicolored
teeth I put the eyebrows as green and I
didn't want to put green over green so I
put pink and I kind of put a design and
I think it looks really good and you
probably won't see any speck of white
uh-huh white great no all right crying
emoji round one who won that round guys
all right let us know in the comments
porfavor round two guys are you ready
for this
this this emotion is it the Miley Cyrus
emotion I don't even know what it looks
like
can we let's make it let's make that
emoji face yeah look at that she nailed
it mr. B you're up Oh Oh when I got this
tan maybe she's born with it maybe it's
two hours of makeup yeah well mama B's
already got a plan
you got a plan too well Gabi our plan
you're not playing yeah this one is like
already worn out oh wow
aren't you getting rips first round got
ripped on the colors second round get
ripped on the quality third round what's
gonna happen you break your paper I like
the mixture of the pink and the blue is
pretty freakin late
is it Liddy my city is that not what no
you know why she's yodeling yeah okay
that yodeling kid is so cute what you
owe you
you haven't seen the yodeling kid video
he looks like Woody the lesson went
Celeste don't be afraid
yeah be like that kid stand in the
middle of a Walmart and do what you love
to do yes amazing that is amazing
Wow look at the detail in mama B's
coloring I don't see any greasy hair
just yet mama B's done and finished
again she's finished okay the judges
just letting him know mama be finished
again and she has nice cheekbones okay
look at those cheekbones she should get
extra points for those cheekbones camera
guys
yeah you want to go on a date with me my
teacher taught me to to color in there
and there and like One Direction bit
like nobody else the way that you clip
my hair get cadre ladies and gentlemen
please reveal your drawings oh yeah look
at the Hat okay daughter very nice mommy
beautiful look at those lines have
beautiful lines Wow and mr. Beebe Wow
look at that with the addition of the
hair going into the face start oh my
goodness guys each very beautiful
it's got a cool tongue it's got some
crazy eye shadow you've got some cool
sort of Harley Quinn here Gracie again
and the purple both on either side of
the face I'm doing two of my favorite
things eating orange sherbert ice cream
oh yeah I'm spending time in nature Oh
extra points for the Manning mine I'm
going for the Rockstar that's been out a
really long time so he has to go to
sleep so that's what the AI is because
he also got struck by electricity he's a
rock star so his tongue is like that and
he's purple because his emotion is like
he's gonna throw up because he's been
partying for so much whoa there it is
guys let us know who won that round in
the comments are you guys ready for
round three
3pp
okay that's gonna be a very colorful
poopy if your poopy looks like that you
should go to the doctor
Oh copper Oh
green green just straight-up green your
poop is gonna be vegetarian vegetarian
boopie all right mr. Vito oh my goodness
I got brown oh my god
palm leaf golden beige golden beige Wow
double brown the monkeys have started
with their poopies mama bu was focused
and now she's getting started and she's
starting with the tip of the poopie or
the chocolate swirl I thought it was a
chocolate swirl huh she's going for the
distinguish poopie let's see if mommy's
actually gonna finish first this time
all right mama B you got contemplation
going on what's happening oh and she's
getting inspiration very stiff
competition from these two ready to
reveal the poopies in three two one
reveal
Hey all right poopy number one as you
see you can see this is dark green so I
put the light green inside so it
wouldn't look weird then I put the eyes
as brown so it all fit perfectly it was
not crazy was nice and simple but
artistic very artistic
this is grandmother poopy oh grandma
poopy grandma poopy has beautiful
earrings and a beautiful bow her cheeks
are very beautiful color because she
always is ready to give you hugs and
cookies like a grandmother grandma poopy
what's this grandma poopy oh these are
her shoes so these are the laces whoa
shoe whoa I never thought of that
it's one big shoe boy oh it's like the
poopy emoji but she's on two shoes Wow
mama be with the backstory on every
picture this one has shades of brown all
around it and then on the inside there's
others and then this one is kind of an
energetic blue because it came out of a
energetic person let us know in the
comments who won the final round okay
guys I hope you guys enjoyed that round
of the three marker challenge last time
we did this it was a great success when
we gave them away so we're gonna do it
again we're gonna give away
guys so make sure you follow us on
Instagram send us a direct message let
us know that you would love to have one
of these and we're gonna mail them to
you thanks for watching guys we'd love
you if you like this video please give
it a thumbs up and we'll see you again
next time
Lane
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribes
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
