my to purchase it chase you know - yo
happy fourth of July fourth of July
I ain't American I'm from Texas Texas is
part of America you dummy
no it's not as part of the United States
okay this happens way too often to mama
B when you go to the store to buy a
jacket this is what happens they forget
to take the tag off mama B is this true
I have the worst luck seriously I'm not
a shoplifter it's just so annoying
because you purchased something you
bring it home then you realize the
security tag is still on it now it's on
me to find the receipt to go back to the
store to prove I didn't steal it
so they can do what they were supposed
to do in the beginning which is take out
the security tank okay so now I'm gonna
try to take this thing off without
ruining the jacket so if you guys know
how to do this without doing damage
please let me know I have Forks I have
knives I have a screwdriver this is not
a screwdriver it's papa as you can tell
I married a very rugged builder man he
builds things he has a bulldozer and
actually he's a computer guy yeah you
think drill not a screwdriver yeah okay
my little apprentice here is gonna film
me trying to there's nothing wrong with
this jacket come on
okay we got a lot of messages back
requesting to use a magnet because that
works the best not have any magnets and
I think that mine's just kind of trying
to drill into it and then pry it open
with a with a fork what do you think
my hand and then I'm just gonna pry it
out I think that's gonna be one way oh I
just drove into the jacket this jacket
is that is that Mama's jacket
oh my gosh that's a nice jacket Wow what
are you trying to do now turn up trail
whatever this piece is and I don't want
to wreck the jacket anymore I may have
to soak mama's jacket do you even know
how to sew
yeah bring out the forks one fork we did
great success I've done it I may have
thrown the jacket a little bit but that
was on the inside and okay here are the
champions
to me
may have drilled a little too deep but
that's on that's on the inside the
jacket that's on the inside of the
jacket though no no no I can sew that
I'm really good at sewing I'm really
good at sewing I'm still really the
champions Travel day
nice boots dude nice very nice grips
we're gonna be going on a very very
crazy pretty ring into a lot of hiking
all right here it is mommy we made it
it's called take it easy take it easy
there it is yes home for the week
MonaVie is this our room this is our
beautiful lots of space
ah very nice beautiful kay what about
the monkeys
okay this like MTV Cribs okay this is
the key what if they have a bigger room
they have a bathroom - what yo I think
we're gonna take this one instead we're
gonna go measure okay this is gonna be
the bathroom for the week very nice it's
the back of the ship mom of you want to
go explore this is the the kitchen area
here please excuse our luggage we look
like we're the Kardashians but okay it's
a little dark so we're gonna show this
in the day but everyone just kind of
chilling out all right very nice very
nice
babushka I would like to introduce you
to my mother she has come with me to our
vacation on this beautiful island
the champion has stood up previous
laughs does this deal it Disney toy deal
that should be obsessed with a political
suitable don't
my mother is complaining about the
vacation I brought her on she says this
is nothing special and that she prefers
to be at home she doesn't even want to
be here with me but really though even
though we have our differences and we
haven't always agreed you know we're
pretty good friends
friends you don't know is any message
that you take me up Sudha previously me
Elizabeth look of Darla Buddhists to
recap what my mother just said she said
I'm a complete disappointment I haven't
even given her grandkids and she's
miserable being here on vacation with us
on this glorious place beautiful island
she's also pretty upset at me because I
prefer to play my traditional Russian
music but she doesn't like it
yosaku stay cigarette can you waste
jay-z Justin given the oppressed Orosco
kakuni cigarette this is incredible
babushkas I have a question for both of
you
handi all right we're sailing to our
next destination we got captain B right
here yeah we just caught some wind all
right
full speed ahead
you miss vines you miss vines there's a
whole bunch of them right over there do
your the bubbling yeah for the ground
shaking okay this is a cashew tree
that's growing right by the volcano look
at all that sulfur all that stuff and
cashews it's like one per fruit that's
why they're so expensive look at this
you hear it
this is an active volcano right here
look at that that's why it smells kind
of funny
how'd you guys got the answer what's the
tastiest bananas of all all right are
you gonna dip in the water today yeah
every day
good morning MonaVie how you doing good
morning good morning beautiful day it's
still morning I think I have no idea but
I know it's a sunny day very sunny cuz
have one eye open
okay so we have been informed that there
is a buried treasure somewhere around
here the monkeys are looking for a
buried treasure
hmm eating we're gonna find it it's
around here somewhere they said
coordinates 290 that's all we got so
every single clue and these clues have
slowly led them food with the closer
includes for the treasure here now they
have been led to this point and they're
looking for the buried treasure right
now final destination very exciting
so captain is the buried treasure here
somewhere yeah it should be somewhere
around here I think so because it's two
nine zero degrees bearing to the Pope
eaten mm-hmm so it should be his
arranged from that place to
okay what is it oh it's a big crab
alright that's not the treasure but
that's a crab okay everybody one is it
under there I just made you say
underwear Wow what is it nice
bring it down there it's time to go home
guys thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribes please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
