mama B what are we talking about today
we love meeting our fans and followers
from around the world right we are so
grateful everywhere we go we get stopped
by people just wanting to talk to us
take pictures with us and we are very
very thankful to all of you for sharing
in the laps and for watching our videos
yes thank you thank you thank you so
much we love meeting you all
however some people particularly parents
can get a little awkward mostly parents
yeah mostly parents when they meet
youtubers they just don't know what to
do they make us feel awkward and they're
also embarrassing their child yeah for
example the parents suddenly forget how
to use their phones when they want to
take a picture hold still for the camera
what's my password you press it you
press the white circle you you tap it I
don't know how to use this again oh my
star it is bull just just clear your
storage let me delete some of these cat
pictures how many cat pictures do you
have just a second I'm almost there Oh
aren't you guys cute what did you say
your name was ah my phone is dead how do
you come to the mall with one percent on
your phone another thing that they love
to do is remind us over and over again
that they have no idea who we are even
though their child is watching us on
YouTube who are you again I have no idea
who you are I have no idea who these
people are for the ABC Family ABC me
just such a be family I have no idea who
these people are who are you again in
search of the eat like not be watching
television
I don't watch YouTube you should
probably monitor what your kids watch on
YouTube yeah okay and at some point
during the meeting parents like to
remind you that they also know how to
social media that's also fun I love that
well that's great you guys are on social
media you know I get a lot of hits too
in my videos it's you haven't used the
term hits since 1997 we're gonna hash
tags your your photo I know about I know
all about hashtags that's nice we should
exchange Yahoo emails and another thing
we love interacting with our fans we
want to get to know what's your favorite
video what do you like most about us but
the parents they seem to interrupt even
though they don't really know us so what
are your favorite videos so how did you
get started you get paid for this so
what do you like to so this is your job
you make enough money to feed yourselves
what do you want to see from I created
an app it's it's a social network can
you give me a shout-out so the next time
you meet a youtuber we've put together a
handy dandy list of things to say and
things not to say when you meet a
youtuber kind of like the do's and the
don'ts how much money do you make
thank you for the empanada recipe where
do you guys actually live thank you for
inspiring me to be a better father and
to spend more time with my kids what
camera do you use
thank you for giving me something that I
can watch with my family how do you edit
your videos what school do your kids go
to my favorite video of yours is what
are your real names nice move dude
we hope that this video has helped you
guys understand what to say when you
meet your favorite youtuber it's the
parents the parents the parents don't
understand they don't know what to do
they get so awkward it's the kids that
are fine the kids know it's dude it's
the parents thanks for watching guys we
love you thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
