we just got this really cool VR setup
and one of the games that we have is
it's a game called Ritchie's plank
experience so basically you go to the
top of a building and you walk the plank
and I figured mama B loves playing video
games so this is this is gonna be fun
and I think that she's gonna enjoy this
so today mommy's gonna walk the plank
mama B are you afraid of heights
was he crying no he wasn't crying no he
was just screaming are you afraid of
heights
you are okay but these are fake Heights
these aren't real Heights
have you ever been at the top of a
building you know there are we already
walked in the woods and now you're gonna
be free the top of a building she's
flying right now in VR this is not real
this is virtual reality that means it's
not real stop it no need to be nervous
okay we even set up a real plank to make
it feel a little bit more real okay do
you think Mama's gonna enjoy this she's
flying she's having a blast she's loving
it she looks so pretty in VR look VR
mama yeah alright yeah yeah you're
walking over here alright go for it baby
you can do this my love alright she's
walking the plank
yeah she's ending out at the top of the
sea oh my heart is like this am I gonna
like suddenly fall no no you're not we
didn't prank you it's not a prank yeah
but you can you can fall that's a say
why do I know what I'm there well look
at the plank look down look down do you
see the plant touch me sorry
how did that feel well I'm on the edge
you on the edge sure you can go back oh
do you really feel like you're there
yeah yeah there you're in the elevator
now oh okay now we're gonna put a cake
we're gonna take at the edge of the
plane so now you're gonna have to all
grab that cake okay this is the worst
thing in the world get that cake mama
yeah well how do I get it like touching
this yeah you got to pull the trigger to
pick up the cake and eat it pull the
trigger pull the trigger
girl power oh my gosh my heart is like
beating out of my chest okay okay okay
okay okay okay okay
mind over matter mind over matter mind
over matter
mind over matter mind over matter
mind over matter mind over matter
mind over matter and done and she's
ending out hard man over matter
mind over matter mind over how do I get
it you hold the oldest trigger to pick
it up mind over yeah put it lower mind
over letter flying over my hold the
trigger there you gotta grab it the cake
mind over matter eat the cake YUM grab
another piece you got a hold it
seriously got it
yeah yeah oh she did a good job make
your flock
oh are you flying she's like Iron Man no
no mama no like this here move your arms
or legs like that okay now keep it no
what's the other hand now go get that
again quickly yeah
wait like down like that quickly quickly
quickly just stop and drop the hold on
the button
no no it's never bad once blue you don't
electricity make sure you go though his
mouth closes how's that this is
beautiful
is there a nice music yeah are you nice
and relaxed it's very calm are you going
now fly around move your hands and fly
around
yeah yeah there we go nose to the middle
we go fly like an eagle mommy she's
flying Wow how's that oh nice
we're gonna change your light bulbs Wow
iron woman how does that feel so free
yeah no problem
yeah
oh man if I was a bird this is what I
would do all day
this is great you just died well you're
back in the elevator while you're in the
middle of the street now how was that
Wow was that good huh it was terrifying
it was fun it was freeing it was so
realistic I feel like my legs were
shaking so what was your favorite part
was the plank or was the flying flying
the flying for sure oh yeah so there's
like a really scary version and I'm
gonna try it apparently it's not for
children there's a big warning so I'm
gonna try it
mama bean I'm gonna do this so you don't
have to I've never Oh everything's
creaking what's going on why is there a
phone there I don't I don't want to
answer the phone but the phone's ringing
the phone hello oh my goodness is like a
climate
what I hope I didn't scare you too much
with my screaming no
if you guys want mama B to do the spider
in the comments below let us know we
love you guys peace out and later we're
gonna see what thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
