oh boy look who's making a cooking video
again yeah
yes hello that's a pot full of water
I don't what were you doing this hello
what are you making today
today I'm making meatball subs oh love
meatballs
the bigger the meatball the better but
in a sub even better mama p-please I
don't want to hold you back we're making
these this is really really easy ready
you're gonna need a pound of ground beef
veal and pork two cloves of garlic two
eggs one cup of freshly grated Romano
cheese Italian flat-leaf parsley one and
a half tablespoons of salt and pepper 2
cups of stale in tallien bread
technically it would be very delicious
if you use that but I'm just using
regular sliced bread all right and that
way the kids get a little bit more fiber
in their milk for the binder the bread
is gonna be a binder for the meatball so
that everything sticks together and it's
really nice and soft olive oil
I seek today Oliva how do you say it in
Italian a Leo Leo a Leo and half a cup
of finely chopped onions so we're gonna
get started guess what what I love
meatballs mama B will now prepare the
meatballs can you say that's a spicy
meatball
that's the spicy meatball I like that
you are now cutting the onions yes no
tears no tears
nice that's gonna go in into the
meatball bowl into the meatball and I
chalked a few extra onions because I'm
gonna throw that into the pot where I'm
gonna make my sauce it's just a simple
sauce for the meatballs but I always
like this
little bit of onion and garlic gives it
a nice flavor two cloves of garlic
oh yeah and it's okay that their clothes
together ah
okay I'm back - inst okay which
basically means in small no okay
we haven't had a moba cooks in a long
time
yeah it's been a long time no sorry I'm
traveling the world trying to help the
world a little busy but the world enjoys
it will you cook more babies
not even a pet we get a lot of questions
about having a pet but we just we travel
so much it wouldn't be fair to the pets
whether it's a dog or a cat or a bird
worth or a tarantula turtle or a turtle
the garlic has been chopped
and put into the meatball bowl so we're
gonna drop in our meats
that's the veal and the beef and pork
this is gonna be a super super long
meatball sub oh did somebody say
meatball sub
ma'am are you gonna help make us on
meatballs are you just gonna eat all
right so mama B is chopping Santino flat
leaf parsley about a tablespoon and a
half does mama be measure measure this
is my passion because it gives a
beautiful color I like that
beautiful look at that color look at the
green yeah you learning something here
no yes yes alright so now we have the
meat with the garlic The Onion's the
flat leaf parsley it's looking good in
the meatball bowl we're doing one cup
give or take okay so we do measure once
in a while do it why not you can never
have too much cheese you never have too
much Parmesan cheese look at that big
pile of cheese why not why not you live
once Yolo guys Yolo - wait okay whoo so
this is what's gonna find bind the
mixture together bind the mixture okay
cuz you don't want your meatballs to
break or fall apart or crumble so that's
all you're doing is you're soaking the
milk with the bread okay no I'm not
using crusty Italian beautiful bread I'm
just using regular slice bread we have
in the house breads bread once it gets a
mixed together seeds and it's healthy
yes don't tell the kids amazing - put
some salt and some pepper I have this
black pepper medley that I love okay so
a little bit of pepper a little bit of
pepper in there a little bit of salt and
now you get to work hahaha stick your
hand in there good for the ASMR fans
let's get that sound guys is this
satisfying to you if you watched like me
getting mixed by mama B's this is this
really satisfying to watch that's it
we're gonna do a mama B mixes meat
channel Parmesan cheese
the parsley do that you got the egg you
see the consistency or yeah it's wet you
know I'm gonna start rolling these
they're about the size of a golf ball
not too big
both are some good-looking meatballs all
right what now mommy
all right we're gonna put about a cup of
olive oil and we're keeping the oil on
medium so we're not gonna burn the oil
now that the oil is starting to warm up
those meatballs are gonna go in but
before we do that mommy's gonna start
making the sauce so that's the pot for
the sauce yes that's the pot for the
meatballs and now you have the onions in
the pot and you're gonna saute the
onions yes I'm gonna gently drop these
in now and leave some space between the
meatballs okay so you don't want to
crowd them too much in the pan
oh yeah those are some good-looking
meatballs now I'm gonna drop the garlic
the smell of meat and onions my few jars
of strain tomatoes for Motorola okay I
thought that the form of the little now
it's gonna be time to turn these babies
over nice and easy nice and easy about
five minutes each side because then
you're gonna finish cooking it into the
sauce okay look I'm your assistant I'm
multitasking I'm gonna add about a
tablespoon of tomato paste to the sauce
okay it's gonna add some nice body to it
it's gonna make it thick I'm gonna bring
that to a simmer salt and pepper I add a
teaspoon of sugar it's a nice sauce Oh
lose their minds in the comments but a
very old wise woman from a blood-soaked
told me to do that shut up to the oven
Susie excuse color okay it is now time
to remove the meatballs supposed to come
out and I'm just gonna gently drop them
in the sauce you guys excited for your
meatball subs oh yeah I'm just gonna
gently stir these in careful not to
break them he's never gonna let the
meatballs cook in the sauce for 30
minutes and then it'll be ready to serve
Oh oh boy that's a spicy meatball
somebody don't you must forget do you
want to see what their meatballs look
like hey what are you doing
they've been in there for about 25
minutes okay it's on another five
minutes I will assemble the needs of all
super Marino's oh here the meatball subs
breads yes so I am going to smother them
in mozzarella cheese oh my goodness I'm
gonna put it in a very hot oven for just
a minute or two just until the cheese
melts
is it mozzarella in English its
mozzarella in Italian its mozzarella
mozzarella
don't break the meatballs be very gentle
with the meatballs and the meatballs
will be gentle with you that's right
look at this oh that's amazing
all right have I told you mama B how
much I love you why do I say this
whenever you're putting together
incredible food like this a little bit
of beautiful sauce Wow the foods not a
lot we are gonna be very generous with
mozzarella oh look at all that you said
LF I have my stove that's already
preheated to 450 for you look I know
this is Wow this is like it's like 45
pounds of meatballs all right how long
does it go in there for this until the
cheese melts or if you want your bread
crispier you can leave it longer monkeys
the meatball subs already oh my goodness
look at these ha these look so good oh
wow there it is the meatball sub train
ooh thank you everybody for watching I
hope you enjoy if you
to make this recipe please let us know
tag us on your pictures comment down
below
Bon Appetit and she's ready to eat so
what do you think monkey mmm speechless
cooked Oh to perfection that looks
amazing
mama B you've outdone yourself and how
does it taste
oh that's a very passionate yes thanks
for watching everybody if you liked this
video please give it a thumbs up if you
want to see mama B cook so balls okay
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
