we've been wanting to do this video for
about two weeks now but I got sick you
got sick it was a nasty virus that went
through our house and we feel better now
so we received so many wonderful
questions from all of you thank you so
much to everyone that sent in a question
and so I thought it would be fun to just
read out some questions Q&A and I want
you to answer first because I want you
to answer honestly and I don't want you
to be influenced by my answers I want to
answer as an 11 year old that's right
and I will answer as a 24 year old this
is from mm cloud underscore zero zero
will miss monkey be doing more music in
the future definitely I will definitely
be doing more music in the future
because I think that music lifts me up
so much music has been such a such a big
part of my life and I really enjoyed in
the making of sound in color and putting
smiles on people's faces and seeing how
many people listen to the song I will
definitely be doing more music in the
future I love it I love it does that
make you happy it makes me so happy how
did you and papa being me we met at a
salsa club downtown I was there with the
company I was working with and he was
there with some friends and he asked me
to dance we danced the entire night he
gave me his telephone number and the
next day I called him and the rest is
history and so we met satis a clothing
glue that they met in 1846 mean yeah how
old do you think we are
yes question this question is from
Claire JC Oh who's your favorite studio
things character my favorite stranger
things character is 11 of course whoo
because she's so powerful and special
that I know people probably say Mike
wheeler I love all those characters but
11 play such a big role and she's the
one who finds me oh without 11 I
don't know what the show would be how
would they find a real spoiler alert I'm
sorry I said that after but 11 is so
powerful
Jurong that she's beyond girl-power
beyond everything and I love her so much
she said she's such an inspiration I
agree
I like eleven because she's fearless she
is relentless in being there for her
friends in being there for herself I
think she is an incredible role model I
just love her girl power
the next question is from kanika how do
you help your kids find and pursue their
passions without being overbearing
example helicopter parent I think it's
very age-appropriate and so when the
kids were younger when they were on a
playground and they were four or five
years old six years old obviously I was
very much a helicopter parent because
they were learning about the world
around them and so they didn't know how
to resolve conflicts with other children
in the playground I hear people saying
well they'll figure it out on their own
no they're not gonna figure it out on
their own because they don't know how to
have a conversation with someone in a
polite fashion that is rational we have
to teach them how to do that definitely
between ages zero to ten it's important
for us to be there and to lead them to
different passions and so they might
have an interest in baseball and then
from baseball they'll have an
interesting guitar and then they'll
leave that and start something else it's
important to find a healthy balance
based on the age of a child what made
you want to become a youtuber yes love
you guys in the first place we had no
intention to become youtubers and all
just snowballed from vine as you all
know we are on vine beef before YouTube
yeah we never meant to become youtubers
we never meant to become vine
yeah and so we made the transition from
vine to youtube before the demise of
vine and it's been great ever since it's
a fantastic community of people watching
our videos there's a combination of
making you laugh sharing some of our
wisdom with you and you guys have been
so receptive and loving towards us and
so we're so grateful and YouTube is a
great platform there are fantastic
people that we work together with and
they give us amazing opportunities like
participating in World Refugee Day we
love the fact that they consider us for
all these
incredible opportunities to not only
entertain but to create yeah and use our
voice for good so love antenna 610 says
what would the process of creating sound
in color like for you and the rest of
the family
it was very beautifully done by the way
thank you so much I kind of asked pop
and I said you know what I really want
to make a song in papa was fully so
supportive
you should also mention the producer of
the song yeah his name was Matthew triva
and the woman along with the lyrics who
wrote the lyrics her name is Katie stump
that's a big shout to those guys I'm
glad that that was my first song because
in my heart I know that that was a hit
no we didn't want to put too much
pressure on Gabby to sing her first song
it's very important for us that the kids
have a childhood and so their mental
health is very important to us there are
academics and so being in school getting
their education and so we are trying to
get them to expand and to grow but still
have a healthy childhood where they can
be kids and they have time to play and
they have full commitment towards their
education and just being happy
Lizzie Lime asks how do you share your
religion with your kids so that it is
theirs and not just something new
believe like it is personal for them so
all I can do as a parent Lizzie is to
share what I believe with my children
but ultimately the choice will be theirs
when they become of age to make their
own decisions which we are already
encouraging in them to make their own
decisions but all I can do as a mother
and as a parent is to be a good role
model and to live my truth and in doing
so it's trying to lead them to believing
in something greater than themselves and
so whether it's religion whether it's
spirituality whether you believe in God
whether it's the universe whatever it is
it's believing in something that is
greater that is more powerful I believe
that one of the most beautiful things we
can do also as parents is to instill
faith in our chill
to believe that there is a greater good
for all of us here on this planet that
we have been put here for a reason and
so just to live your life with love and
kindness and to your fellow neighbor
taja VIN asks would you guys ever do a
tour around the world
mmm what do you think would you ever
want to do a tour eyes around the world
and heck yeah doing it - around the
world would be so cool because not only
would it be cool to just go around the
world is that we can go to everybody who
watches our videos because it's
worldwide mm-hmm and I think it would be
so cool to go to to go to everywhere we
would love to travel around the world
actually that's one of our favorite
things to do as a family is to travel to
see the world to experience the world I
think there is so much more learning
that can happen outside of a classroom
actually when I went to Jordan I learned
so much when I was in Bangladesh and
India in Poland there was so much I
learned about the culture and people and
it just reaffirms my faith in humanity
that there are so many good people
around the world and that really were
all the same we just speak different
languages we might look a little
different but really our hearts are the
same if you were stranded and could take
three things with you what would they be
one would be my phone because well well
just fruit snax okay really we heard
okay um I would take my love stone which
is in my room that's beautiful because
that really means a lot to me when she
went to India she gave me this heart
stone that when you put it to your chest
and you think about that person you
don't miss them anymore and you feel
them with you this was something that I
gave to Gabby when I was leaving for
India so that she wouldn't miss me
because when I travel sometimes it's a
little hard on her not having her mama
here and so what I said too
was every night when she goes to bed to
hold this love stone next to her heart
my heart will be beating with hers and
that I am always with her even if I'm
not here with her physically that I am
always with her and that she can always
feel my love all she has to do is close
her eyes thank you three things if I was
stranded books music on pizza mama B I
adore your family so much I'd like to
know how to always keep love in the
house and also how do you educate your
children to always be positive thanks
love from Malaysia love is always in the
house that is a constant that you always
know that there is unconditional love in
the house we may not always like what
you do but we will always love you
irregardless of different situations
that come up now yes you're going to
have disagreements with people that you
live with it's only natural you're
different you have different ideas my
children they've been raised the same
and yet they are completely different
people and so cool to think about yeah
however really the same way but we
turned up so difficult I think for us
the answer is we make ourselves happy
individually I'm passionate about
reading and so I feed those things to
myself you're passionate about playing
your ukulele yeah and about singing and
about reading and sleeping and so you do
those things for yourself and pop with
those the things that he loves hurt
himself our son does what he loves for
himself and then we come together and we
feed each other
yep with love and positivity then we do
things together yes and we talk a lot
yeah
and so when difficulties do arise in our
home and they do a lot and
misunderstandings just a lot of
misunderstandings that could be easily
solved if you just sit down and talk
about things and a lot of times we make
assumptions and we are totally wrong we
make these stories in our heads and it's
not really true and if we speak to the
other person that we love only care for
and we get to the bottom of things we'll
realize sometimes that we are arguing
over the silliest things that can be so
easy to resolve
just sit down and you're open and honest
and you are ready to bring up the best
in each other how do you educate your
children to always be positive I think
it's impossible to always be positive I
have my days and my weeks where I'm not
positive where I hear about stuff
happening in the world and it kind of
does my light a little bit I think that
one of the best things that we can do is
have gratitude what do we teach you to
do in the mornings when you wake up to
hug your family and to thank the
universe and to thank God and to think
about you're alive you woke up this
morning you're gonna have a you're gonna
have a day you're not gonna have a good
day you may have a bad day but you're
gonna have a day and doesn't matter what
happened yesterday or last week are we
gonna stress out about something that we
did or something that we say or a
mistake that was made are we gonna carry
that with us as a burden and what are we
gonna let that hold us down it's gonna
be a new day the past is the past
and you got to let that go you got to
keep moving forward what's that last
part you said you gotta let it go Sarah
Bishop 24 who was your biggest
inspiration and why I think for me my
greatest inspiration is Oprah Winfrey I
have looked up to her since I was a
child what I remember about her show
it's like she taught us how to be human
and so she would tell stories about
people and their healing process and we
would cry together and we would laugh
together Oprah would take you on a
journey of a human spirit and so she
would really teach you how to connect to
your heart and to be vulnerable and to
be open and to share your life with
people so that they can learn from your
experiences so Oprah was not only a
teacher but a mother too new to a lot of
talk shows on television in 1994 imagine
1994 they were trashy they had like
tabloid topics
so it kind of means like
imagine the people who are famous for
doing really weird things and for just
making people talk versus people who are
famous because they actually add value
to the world
she could have followed with those other
people were doing in talking about
trashy things but it's not really
valuable it's not really teaching you
anything but people for some reason tend
to go that way instead of the way of
integrity and doing things organically
and with ethics and morals and values
and Oprah also believed in serving the
world and so one of her key messages on
her last show was how can you use your
gifts to serve the world because we are
all here for a greater purpose and that
is to serve each other and when we start
to work together
can you imagine what our world would
look like so that's why I adore Oprah
Winfrey why don't you want to tell us
your real names we didn't do this to be
famous we didn't do this to have our
names around the world we really just
wanted to spread positivity into the
world and so that was the goal when it
started it was really important for me
as a mom of two young children to be
anonymous so that we can still have a
normal family yeah life and the kids can
go to school
and just be normal kids now for you it
was important for you when your song
came out to Sherry what your name was I
really wanted to put out my name because
now I'm older I don't want to be known
as miss monkey or miss Bea I like being
known as Gabriella or Gabby that was
entirely your decision and we supported
you with that yeah because we want you
to feel comfortable we want you to be
happy and secure and like I said your
mental health means everything to us and
so every step of the way we want you to
know that you have a say in the process
thank you so much for being with us on
this wisdom Wednesday
Winston Wednesday's Winston with yes
with Wednesday Wednesday's with momma P
and get start getting ha ha I think
you're you're the star no yeah and get
start I'm the sidekick no and then
you're the host so we're gonna do more
of these send us in your questions
please comment down below
question thank you so much for being on
this journey with us thank you for the
love that you give us thank you for the
love that you give the kids we hope you
have a great rest of your week
and and treat yourself treat Joel sell
books music and pizza and well just back
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribing Lee to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
