March 8th is International Women's Day
oh good I'm so proud of you I didn't
take a look at your notes it is
International Women's Day and YouTube is
bringing courageous women from around
the world to speak their minds and so
they invited Gabriela it's so weird to
see your name on camera so YouTube asks
the two of us to post a video but
something we're passionate about for
your age and what you're experiencing
right now I didn't want to talk about
really heavy topics I wanted to talk
about something that's age-appropriate
for you and for girls your age and so
what I want to talk about today is low
self-esteem and poor body image and so
what do you know about low self-esteem
what does that mean to you low
self-esteem means to me that people
don't love themselves and they're so
worried about what other people think
and they should just be themselves and
not have to worry about about looking
great or about feeling I feel like I
don't look good right now or they feel
like they don't like themselves are
they're not comfortable in their own
bodies so you pretty much touched upon
low self-esteem and poor body image Yeah
right because in order to have positive
self-esteem you have to love your body
you need to be proud of who is there
that's the body you're given for your
whole life yeah and so would you rather
spend your whole life hating your body
or would you rather spend your time
appreciating what you have and what
you've been given and working towards
whatever it is you're trying to achieve
and so if you're trying to be a better
basketball player you can practice that
being good at basketball or if it's
dance that can only be achieved through
practice but you have to take care of
your body as well what contributes to
poor self esteem is media is looking at
pictures of girls and women and it's not
realistic it's been airbrushed Photoshop
face tuned wigs a professional team of
makeup unrealistic expectations
especially for girls your age and so
it's so important that you and a lot of
the girls watching know that you are
perfect you are perfect the way that you
are and
there's nothing that you need to change
or make better and the only personal
growth that you should be doing is
learning learning as much as you can
about the world and about who you are
and what your gifts are to give back to
the world that's what I want you to grow
not at being better looking or having
perfect eyes or yeah we're having
perfect lips or stuff like that when we
think about girls or even young people
and low self-esteem it can contribute to
depression it can contribute to lower
grades at school and it could contribute
to a negative body image and so that's
typically what happens when you don't
love yourself and you don't appreciate
yourself and you only think about the
negatives when you look at yourself
chances are you will fall into a
depression or you'll be sad or you will
feel hopeless and so the opposite of
that is being positive and so what you
can do is for every negative thought
that you have replace that with three
positive ones
so what can be a negative thought that
it you have so maybe if you're stuck in
traffic and you're like I'm never gonna
get to work I'm never gonna get to
school I'm never gonna get to the
destination think about it you can be
you can sit in traffic or you can be in
a rush and like going fast and you're in
traffic you can listen to music maybe
your favorite song comes on let's say
your song cause well that's a positive
you can sing and you can like move
around in your seat how about if you
turn off the radio and you're alone with
your thoughts you can have alone time
with yourself and you can process your
thoughts take time for yourself and make
sure that you're treating yourself and
not making sure that you're always
pleasing other people take time and
please yourself yeah
what's one of the worst things that you
can do one of the worst things you can
do is to never be happy because you're
always you're always being exhausted
because you're giving your energy it's
fine to give your energy but to please
people all the time you shouldn't do
that you should also take time and relax
in a wine and don't worry about what
everyone else thinks focus on your path
focus on what you're doing because there
are so many people that are busy trying
to be perfect that they've forgotten how
to be happy so instead of being perfect
let's work on being happy what does
happy mean to you what is your happiness
my happiness is
sitting down in front of the fire and
reading my book and being with my mom do
you know what my happy is is you not
having to wear a mask when you go to
school or having a mask when you go to
gymnastics or having a mask when you go
and spend time with your grandparents to
me it's you being who you are being
comfortable in your skin being
comfortable with who you are loving
yourself and not having to wear that mat
right because now kids my age are
putting on masks because they're not
acting who they really are in front of
their friends making I'd be acting
really cool but when they come home they
they cry they're not who they are and
that's behind their mask do you think
your image is important to you like how
you look to other people you know
important to you that's not important to
you it's because my friends they like me
for who for who I am I'm not acting like
something that I'm not just to impress
people and to to be cool does that give
you peace in your heart that you don't
have to pretend to be something you're
not it's it's it's awesome because I can
go in from my friends and I can be I can
be sad I can be happy I can be tired I
can be exhausted and they won't care
though so love me it sounds like your
friends your tribe your tribe determines
your vibe cares about you they support
you they like me for who I am and they
understand you they make an effort to
understand you instead of changing you
and so the people that you surround
yourself with it's so important because
that's your tribe and that's the energy
that you are surrounding yourself with
and ultimately that's the energy that
you're gonna collect for your own life
try to spend time with people who are
positive who see the light in you as
humans it's very easy for us to want to
go to the negative whenever we think
about someone or a situation is so easy
for our minds to go to the negative but
so bright side of things like if
something if something is happening just
say okay well fortunately this is
happening so in this situation these
things are positive always look on the
bright side don't don't be up now
they're not and now this and now this
instead of saying
I have to go to school what can you say
to yourself I'm getting an education
and I'm going to school and there are
girls living in countries around the
world that can't go to school and so you
have to go and get an education for them
and on their behalf because they dream
of having a life like that and so you're
gonna go and you're gonna read and
you're gonna work hard for them so with
body image and being comfortable with
who you are and feeling safe to be
yourself it's also important to talk
about mental health and so I want you to
know that there is nothing in this world
that's more important to me than your
mental health and knowing that your mind
is comfortable that you are at peace
that you don't have anxiety or sadness
and if you do I hope you know that you
can come to me and talk and then I will
do my best to talk less and listen more
so I'm gonna try to listen to you and
not speak over you or tell you about my
life and my experiences too much I'm
gonna make it as much as I can about you
and trying to help you to deal with
those emotions and so there's nothing
wrong with having emotions we're
supposed to have emotion yeah that's
being human it's being human we're gonna
feel sadness we're gonna feel joy and so
I think that if we talk about our
feelings and we can understand each
other instead of judging each other that
would also add to our mental health and
just our overall sense of happiness and
so do you know that you can always come
and talk to me about anything yes you
know that so we're gonna put this into
action what are healthy rituals that we
have learned that we do individually and
as a family what are rituals that we can
share with our familia out there we
spend time in nature so you can take
your mind off of things because when
you're in nature you hear the birds and
you look at the trees and you look at
the grass when you're at home where
you're in front of your phone or on the
computer you're too busy to think about
the universe and to go to nature and
take time off and also treat yourself
and not be distracted yeah and not
constantly you have to do something or
be distracted or have your mind
elsewhere it's about being aware of how
you feel and how you can work through
those emotions it's how you can be
happier and healthier and finding the
people around you that support you and
love you and if there isn't that group
of people yet be that person for
yourself and so there have been times in
my life where I felt alone and so I gave
myself that love and support and
encouragement that I needed I was there
for myself and so what I want you to
know is that even in times where you are
by yourself somewhere or you're away
from your family you're never alone you
have yourself to talk to and to reassure
you can reassure yourself and be
confident with yourself what else do we
do we we meditate and we do yoga
together and we stretch we move our
bodies it's so important to move your
body it's so important for movement for
your muscles to stretch your muscles so
that you don't feel closed off you can
shine your heart to the world and do
heart openers and so yoga is easy for us
to do because we can do it as a family
all you're doing is moving your body
while you're moving your body after you
do yoga for a while you understand that
it's a connection to the mind and to
letting things go that you need to let
go of like our past so we need to let
our past go and realize that we're
living in the moment that we're living
in the present and that there is an
awareness that comes with listening to
yourself and your body and how you feel
listen to your emotions listen to how
you feel when you are around certain
people listen to that your your body is
getting you signs and there are people
where you're gonna walk away from them
and you feel invigorated and you just
feel full of energy and there are people
you're gonna walk away from even people
that you really love and you're gonna
feel totally drained in your energy the
moral is to just give your energy to who
feeds your energy so if you go up to
somebody and you walk away like oh that
was kind of weird
kind of weird vibes from that person
you're being drained and then when you
come home here that's why you're tired
in the evenings that's why people are
always tired in the evening evening so
they want to go to bed at 8:00 in at 8
o'clock or 9 o'clock you need to give
your energy to the people that bring out
the best of you and do you know that you
don't need to be perfect you know that
yeah do you know that you would be
boring if you were perfect and so when
you make mistakes you know that's a part
of growing that making mistakes is a
pretty growing and you're supposed to
make mistakes because that's how you
learn what you enjoy and what you love
and what your passion is and where your
gifts are and so that's why I try my
very best
not to make you feel bad when you make
mistakes make more mistakes ok that's
easy so this year YouTube doesn't want
to just have International Women's Day
they want to make it International
Women's year for 2018 and so we want to
hear from you what are you doing as a
girl a woman what are you doing to
empower other females what are you doing
to empower yourself and if you are a
male what are you doing for the women in
your life for the girls in your life to
support them and let them know that
their happiness is important to you and
that we want all the girls and women in
our life to feel strong and to believe
in themselves and to love themselves
because the first step is loving
yourself so that you can go out and give
love to the world and serve the world
this is the year of the woman the year
of the woman
2018 strength power unity together we
unite together I love you I love you
more I love you more than more I love
you more than most I love you more than
most animals I love you more than more
than more than more than we love you my
happy international
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you have subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
