today we're gonna be celebrating all
kinds of milestones and to celebrate we
got a pinata now the monkeys think that
we're gonna fill it up with candy but
we're not so the monkeys helped me pick
out the pinata and they got the candy
but little do they know I'm not gonna
actually fill it up with this candy I'm
actually gonna fill it up with the
carrots and broccoli and now it's time
to celebrate one two
why are we celebrating today why are we
having fun celebrating 1 billion views
there's so many things going on that we
were just like let's just have a party
what are you celebrating yourself
yes I'm celebrating the my song yes what
is it about your song that you're
celebrating that I'm so proud of it and
how well it's done thank you so much for
downloading the song and for listening
to it thank you yes
this is a big celebration because we
have 1 billion views and 5 million
family member
he started his whole streaming online
streaming gaming stuff on twitch and
YouTube live he's a real for mega pro
celebrating all kinds of fun stuff and
we want to celebrate with you celebrate
that mama B is back from her travels
I went bucket lips going to India and
spending time in an ashram
that's my celebration I'm celebrating
life I'm celebrating that I get to spend
time with my beautiful family thank you
for being with us from the start
yes it's been a long time it's been what
five years this month is five years our
five year anniversary this month fine
five years ago and now we're on YouTube
we're on Twitch we're on snapchat wow I
mean that cupcake Stan give me the
cupcakes fan gonna make the cupcakes but
he made the spend ya equity is important
look at these designs guys very nice Oh
believe there is good in the world why
is it so important that we have this
here right under the sign to show you
that you can be a good person and you
can live a positive and fulfilling life
and so be the good that exists in the
world you don't need to do what everyone
else is doing
I'm light that you have in your heart
and the love very nice yes slow clap
positivity well thanks and copy my codex
alright okay we're enjoying the cupcakes
but we have something special we have a
pinata pinata who you thinks gonna blast
that pinata
me you guys both have some crazy swings
oh that's very nice mummy oh she went
for the red velvet oh I guess I should
get one too Oh sandwich oh very nice all
right
cupcake life hack with Mama B that's the
way D to cupcake Oh
how does that taste doesn't it taste so
much better when you eat it like a
sandwich she's going classic you guys
even put stars in the table yeah yeah
wow you did a great job very nice guys
good job good job
before the pinata guys we got a little
dance party going
yo mama me yo mama beat go home on the
beat
no journalist you give it dance all
right teach us to dance what do you got
I got I got all right mama B take note
you're gonna have to do this you ready I
have no idea how to do that oh you got a
mama V Oh mommy Oh
what all right
okay we're gonna rewind that we're gonna
get from the beginning because I like
what she's doing all right mom B you got
to do it from the beginning you guys
look so cute
okay
don't step on those don't step on it
guys we're gonna make a stir-fry we're
gonna clean this all up guys maybe like
your candy is guys I think we get a lot
of candy in their lives so I think today
was good to fill it up with vegetables
how's that are you right now wait till
you see your face you know she wasn't
really mad I'm like okay nope it's okay
guys already did something okay where's
the actual candy the actual candy I
returned it and send it back to the
store okay guys how was that just like
that prank that was a good prank like
that was in the pinata cruel yeah well
we were we were getting the pinata we're
getting in the candy that I messaged
mama bean I was like you know what we
should put vegetables in there instead
she like yes broccoli and carrots so
there it is you got your pig she was
totally in on this she was totally in on
this she was in on this she was the one
who told me what kind of broccoli to get
I to get the frozen one or the freshest
I get the broccoli thanks for watching
guys we love you thanks for celebrating
with us
and onto the next 10 million 20 million
hundred million family members we love
you guys so much see you again next time
be safe be happy and vegetables in your
pinata very good all right we got clean
this up cause we're gonna have stuff
right now
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
