oh hi today we're doing the cotton candy
challenge I bought this cotton candy
machine and I noticed you can I should
put hard candies in it I've never made
cotton candy before I've seen it done
I've googled it it works I'm sure so
today we're gonna be making cotton candy
with some really weird flavors some cool
flavors and some not so cool flavors
we got warheads lifesavers we got
Werther's caramel hard caramel candies
comma Larkin Jolly Ranchers peppermint
these are definitely grandma's favorite
okay and we have Cola
okay
cough drops we're gonna put cough drops
we're gonna make it great a big cotton
candy drop okay this is what it
looks like guys check this out yes
possibly if you have a cough we're gonna
give you cotton candy cough drops gross
okay so here it is cotton candy maker
you wonder for ten minutes
and this starts spitting like really
much so you need to put the hard candy
to hear when you see the car candy you
see their goal like that be noble like
that yes wow did you guys Google this
already or something no you told me
we're gonna put a little spin on the
cotton candy baby I'm gonna put a bunch
of the panty bags in here and the
monkeys got to reach in one at a time
maybe do rock-paper-scissors and you
have to make what you pull out reach in
reach in what do you got okay guys
warheads
cotton candy oh really one of these if
you give me we're gonna put two lemon
warheads inside okay a monkey I don't
know good wait till it starts getting
all like it always now you start going
oh my gosh that work quickly met oh my
gosh
no well alright monkey I don't know if
that's the proper technique but at least
you're getting some cotton candy out of
it oh it's happening look at this guy's
that is warheads right away just wet poo
warheads cotton candy
I didn't think it was gonna work either
but it did this is absolutely all right
sir you should probably try it give it a
shot
all right warheads cotton candy all
right how is that this hour in this hour
that's so that's so sour at the end so
did it work yeah we're gonna try hold
the tasting hmm warheads god candy
thumbs up or thumbs down yeah type that
comes up Josh all right let's do blue
because the last one is Buddhism yellow
good it's so funny because it turns up
like right away all right how does it do
that there's like a little heater inside
and it heats up the candy that's great
great okay I mean it's not quite like
the picture oh wow nice all right not
quite the the carnival style but that's
definitely cotton candy all right give
it a little tasty taste oh gosh how is
that amazing yeah
does it taste like a jolly rancher oh
you jolly rancher lovers Wow and it's
scale of one to ten I'm gonna do
is that your boys cologne the cherry
smell is amazing
something kind of happy alright here we
go oh I got the scoop there we go
Oh kind of like a microphone not really
like cotton candy but cotton and it's
candy yes you're welcome
this tastes amazing Wow cherry Jolly
Rancher cotton candy 9:15 time for you
to choose out the magic bag sir my
fever's what thank you one whoa there
you go lifesavers extravagant look at
that oh the lifesaver one looks good oh
we should definitely do more life savers
especially for the image for the
thumbnail oh you are a pro at this
monkey yeah oh yeah that's looking great
all right give it a try was it taste
like this actually feels eat more ooh
how is it mmm that is tasty orange or
guys do orange here hey guys orange it
glad I got this cotton candy maker
Oh everything's starting to come up and
then the things we're gonna start okay
point out to mention concavity
oh wow that's looking good there you go
skills oh wow how's that oh my goodness
you under the caramel we're gonna do the
caramel one caramel delicious
okay it's nice waiting for it because
it's like is that you're waiting for God
candy base is gonna be gentle it's gotta
be a slow roll dad's caramel me right to
her what what is she doing Oh magic whoa
magic tricks while we're waiting it
looks more like a like a cocoon than it
does a cotton candy this is more like
cocoon candy oh how is that yeah is it
tasty that is really tasty that weirdo
miss monkey are you ready to do the
peppermint hey are you gonna go green or
red peppermint yeah go for red go to red
it's a balanced breakfast it's at the
red or the green pepper - yes we just
gotta like
whoo whoo bring out the vacuum there's
like shreds cotton candy and everywhere
there's like shreds everywhere oh my
goodness you hear maybe try the
peppermint one this is like taste so
here you
hablas gonna be vacuuming you vacuum for
like four weeks there's a lot of all
right thumbs up or thumbs down for the
peppermint grandma's thumbs up now was
it easy to make like the lifesaver it's
like floating everywhere are you ready
for the last one
mama B you want to do the honors cough
drop cotton candy okay ill and then
you're gonna have to pull one right
there
do you think it's gonna work cough drops
living oh oh it's so sweet what happens
is it it heats up to a liquid and then
it starts solid liquid color oh there we
go
oh it's like a it's like a brownish
yellow oh oh wow that's actually not bad
when it's finished you have to have
patience mama beat me patience she'll be
all right mommy's you tried just
whatever it doesn't matter all right
Ricola cough drop cotton candy these are
two little drops Oh ironically I'm
topping Wow
it actually worked he's excited he's
excited yeah he's really good oh this is
silky smooth see that pasty oh she's
setting out
oh she's sending out big-time that is
delicious the lifesaver
do you wanna make a warhead for Mama all
right there you go it's like a sticky
mess here no one said it was gonna be
this sticky while the warheads is being
made for Mama which one was your
favorite today probably Joe Avenger I
enjoyed the lifesaver because it was so
little flavor all right light saber
yours was the Jolly Rancher yeah okay
mine was the warhead let us know down
the comments below which one do you
think would be the tastiest and if you
want to see another challenge or if we
should add some more candy to this in
the next video let us know down below
thanks for watching guys mama B before
we go please try it the warheads cotton
candy big to big ol bite warheads cotton
candy three two one thanks for watching
everybody we'll see you next time
hey thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
