there it is that's the dance I don't
know what she's doing she's doing but
its own pocket oil haha dance there what
do you think monkey do you got that down
or what oh he's no he's speechless do
you guys like the dinner that I made for
you guys I made this with my heart so
the first thing I did with the pasta was
I that I put it in a boil so if you want
to hear more about the secrets of how I
make dinner oh here we go with the fruit
gummies in the chocolate no fruit by the
foot well no that's that's like just
basically sugar and gummy form rolled it
in a belt look at them look at them it's
like a shopping street I got these for
you coconut clusters for school they're
healthy they're nice it's good
you're no you're tall and your head is
proportionate to your body no it doesn't
yes
no it's not it's not no none at all no
you're just you're seeing things I don't
know what you see I have no idea what
you're seeing you're welcome Vespa CTS
Vedanta Cueto Esposito yeah queda de
cosas salut ido para que de cuenta see
no estas conmigo this bus seat together
there's a new superhero in town pancake
man
I'm not here and a figment of your
imagination
good and that go on about
reach reach reach
thank you can hooks your big toes bring
your shoulders down I remember that
light that was coming out of the room
watching you stretch with your jungler
this nice dude
yeah I don't watch you dance all day
with those chanclas that's a newspaper
newspaper newspaper newspaper yes why
don't you walk on this path instead
yes they're taking a bow thank you
wonderful girl what a wonderful so you
asked you to see something clever on the
cakes nice oh boy did you accidentally
fall in them wet socks like the worst
thing ever
oh man alright here's the other shoe oh
come on
Wow the beige - what is the based oh is
it for the frittata
no no secret that's just that's smart
morning generic vocal because the man
John was no idea what you said okay we
have some amazing comments especially
from Italy so I'm gonna attempt to read
some of the comments and I hope I do you
guys proud in Italy from Claudia na
Parma benissa mo l'italiano salute epal
Italia a B family from Yasmin ditches
sorry she also knows Italian she's
perfect marry her again from a dream a
cup Tiamo mama be Seto Posse Pataca this
was from Valley be pre Rosa Rosa
birthday Jota Prato Stasi
see my mama BV Allah from Martina uno
zero chap Nava mama be insulted Alitalia
teeth enamel and shiitake
why are you speaking Italian so harshly
so rough what a lien is a beautiful
language it shouldn't have spoken softly
I'm reading it with passion I'm reading
it beautifully no this is how you read
Italian from Lucia mr bien bad sheet
Alitalia we say go down body tempo
via door oh I adore oh mama be cuando
Paulo in italiano lucha lucha
what I think it's
Wow but you're gorgeous
well if that is natural that's your
natural hair you're the same person you
look beautiful with or without makeup no
difference and I'm gonna love your nice
boots the tranquil Elijah my life is so
underrated
it is this comfort yep oh yeah random
guess money again
oh yeah yeah
to Paducah
welcome back mama B welcome back woman
who start
everybody everybody okay so so miss miss
Gabby happy it's like her but makeup on
the aunts insights of my eyes and my son
has a huge problem with it because it
looks like I have flashlights coming out
of my nose
but it looks good is that it's that what
you're supposed to yeah okay so I'm
sorry okay hashtag not sponsor hashtag
not sponsor yet
I just want on being a searcher this one
has white in the face as well and you
can't just put two dots you gotta like
okay okay makeup tutorials of the
monkeys the monkeys are actually arguing
over the makeup tutorial hey you know
can you guys do that to me can you guys
put a little dab inside my eyes uh you
did already hey check this out
so when I was a kid I used to grab a
paper bag and for fun ice make puppets
and that's how he's the past the time
hello
close enough thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
