how do you see I see giant gummy bear it
is so heavy monkey come come you have to
see this look at the died look at the
size of this thing
it smells so beautiful it smells amazing
that's amazing like it smells juicy or
something okay this is a life hack for
like this is like a killer party idea
order one of these babies for your next
party set this on the table and Barney
Barney and you put some candy in here
it's inside of a candy candy inside a
candy why is it still in the plastic
hold on mama mama B she's making
something a little bit healthier well
we're not gonna eat the candy here it
always was it let's take a bite out of
one of these take a bite out of the get
out of the fair yeah oh boy I don't know
guys no no I think I'm just gonna keep
it in my room you're making like
beautiful soup I'm sorry to like rain on
your parade the only person who keeps us
healthy and happy whoa really yeah
you're crazy
no I you know I don't think this is a
good challenge yeah okay oh okay no hey
no
kids like my thing too just stabbing
things is definitely this is very
dangerous you'd keep doing your thing
mama B I am aah
you need my knife did you punch the bow
like a mouse all right oh it smells
amazing oh my goodness this is
redonkulous
this is a house that slow rising Wow
yeah it smells like does it's not like
fruit punch where's the smell like guys
smell the case it smells
mmm I am making beautiful chicken soup I
know your soup is amazing but there's a
gummy bear a 23 pound
look at that whoa overhead squats with
the world's largest gummy bear mama B's
cooing it right now getting the gains 25
pounds 25 pounds it's so like greasy and
like gooey oh I know you're making a
nice soup I know because I can see if
you look at that ha ha Wow Wow
that a lot of people will say it's full
its whole what you see Wow big our
Vietnamese friends call it ha ha because
when we went to the Vietnamese Thai
restaurant that we love yes they say
we're totally using it guys I know you
do make you know many times that you've
been this is called the pasta water that
we eat
the key is not to touch this when you're
cooking puffs they're also gonna bring
your hands right that's all I know
I'm just soaking Milou you're soaking in
the love oh I'm in love with the gummy
all right we're gonna do some squats
here you want to take a bite of this man
go for it here we go
in jeans overhead squat world's largest
gummy but this is a world record by the
way the world's largest gummy bear
overhead squat
we all take a bite out of the gummy bear
how could you buy the world's largest
gummy bear and not take a bite from it
this is our new baby there you go mama
beanie there you go that's our new baby
okay
gummi bears do really well on YouTube
and babies do so we're having a baby
and we're having the gummy bear baby
here it is guys gender revealed next
episode are you guys ready to take a
bite okay three two one this is so good
it's like it's a huge chunk out of the
gummy bear oh you just went to the
dentist look at you guys you guys are
animals you know what you remind me of
you remind me of when Voldemort was
eating the unicorn in Harry Potter so I
said take a bite not a bunch of buddies
I think we're done guys I think you just
a pea of equivalent of 38 gummi bears no
Bologna
okay stop fighting the gummi bear that's
enough out of you guys mama needs to get
get in here legitimately tastes like a
gummy like a dummy girl hey chunky Lego
monkey yeah she took a huge bite oh my
god mama B how does that taste
it tastes a light ball doesn't it it
tastes amazing look at the bite you
took out of this thing that was my bite
right there and that's a mama B's
budgets package mr. McGee's gonna eat
the whole honor okay you guys are gonna
be you guys are gonna be so sick thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
and remember to click that bell that's
on the top right corner so that you can
get notified for every video that we
post leave a comment down below and if
this video gets 20,000 Hong's up then my
dad will buy us a gummy python what yeah
not exactly we are making spring rolls
using these ingredients and we got to
make these spring rolls before this
monkey eats all the ingredients so here
we have marshmallows mini eggs gummy
bears multicolored multi come the whole
time whenever you want to take the title
tune up tomorrow up mmm and next we have
some Oreo which we have some Twizzlers
and we got some gel I don't know what
this is I think it's strawberry but yeah
this is what you use to make the spring
rolls like the outer shell and we have
our expert roller waiting in the wings
she's kind of like the safety person
here mama B's an expert at spring rolls
so she's gonna be rolling and frying for
us today to make sure that these
delicious little delights yes
all right yeah we have Nutella or
Nutella is it Nutella or not LF you eat
newts or nuts
you eat nuts there you go then it's
Nutella master roller help us out here
we're gonna do s'mores marshmallows and
Nutella we're gonna use this as our
graham cracker
okay mama B I'm gonna start to warm up
you're gonna warm up the oil are you
gonna use avocado oil or something
really healthy nice we are frying candy
I don't think it matters
yes have to be very gentle yeah I think
so how do you roll that so I bring
whatever it is that's in there right
with my fingers I bring it right
bring-bring then I bring one end over
and the other end over Oh tight okay you
don't want it to break open you don't
want the splashing your face we take
apart has to be nice and tight nice and
tight nice and tight and then you can
use cornstarch okay I just use water and
they don't open up so you don't know
okay there we go
that one's finished do you want to do to
eat yeah yeah let's do to eat okay all
right we have two tools more spring
rolls let's give it a little golf clap
Cadbury mini eggs with Wow not with
nothing yeah I think I should go by
itself some pink that's what I'm talking
about that
we go that good oh yeah mama B have you
ever made Easter egg spring rolls before
I can't say that I have can you imagine
going to a restaurant and ordering
whatever type of spring roll you want
and having like a hundred different
ingredients and you say okay you know
what today I want a gummy bear spring
roll for dessert maybe they have shaved
ice so why wouldn't they have something
like this this monkeys gonna eat all the
candy so within ten minutes you're gonna
be flying through the walls you just
took it to another level oh that is this
that's nice bring it girl bring it so
I'm gonna start putting these into the
oil you always want to put the steam
down oh wow she just went there why not
Oh peanut butter spring rolls you know
we try to eat as healthy as possible but
once in a while you gotta make spring
rolls out of stuff like this yeah you
gotta let go sometimes the last one
which I'm most excited about gummy bear
spring rolls oh boy all right here we go
gummybear spring rolls Wow
disclaimer
do not do this by yourself at home
because the oil jumps I'm used to
getting burned it doesn't bother me but
it hurts a lot and
yeah the one you guys to leave the stove
unattended you can burn your house down
so please do not do this
yes
I think that this one right here is I
think it's either the Oreo one or the
Nutella I'm the marshmallow I think this
one is a Cadbury one because you can see
like the eggs here levels G okay
all right take a bite out of it which
one's that the Easter eggs how does it
taste
oh it tastes amazing
it's like heaven heaven oh that's the
Easter egg spring roll and what are you
biting into oh oh my goodness okay I
gotta try to worry on one this one that
one looks like it's just s'mores Oh what
is it now Oh
s'mores marshmallow s'mores good thumbs
up give a thumbs up let's see up close
like a cocoon that has baby gummy bears
inside just ready to hatch is it drippy
eat drippy all right Wow okay what was
that
is that gummy bear it's like the gummy
bear insides
that's gummy bear inside Oh
oh my goodness it's too hot to bite into
so although that's the gummy bears some
only gooeyness right there approve up
man-up fried gummy bears spring wall
success let's see the other ones all
right peanut butter jelly that's
twizzler for sure I think this one is
gonna be not weird
we didn't really melt if you open it up
the Twizzlers didn't really melt it
doesn't you know that's so weird what
could it be
peanut butter and jam oh Easter eggs
there's jelly in the back peanut butter
in the fridge let's get dad to a page
now you have to take a bite out of one
of these things which one master fryer
roller
I know she just dropped the spring roll
Wow
peanut butter and jelly sounds great
how's that
peanut butter and jelly Oreo Oreos
really good gummi bears
Wow
okay monkeys which one was your favorite
I liked the Oreo one the most I like the
gummy bear one of the most because just
to see a pool of gummy bear liquid come
down onto the plate that was one of the
epic epic I was epic
my favorite was peanut butter and jelly
mama be peanut butter and jelly peanut
butter peanut butter and jelly I hope
you guys like this video let us know in
the comments which one you think would
be your favorite and if you want to see
us do any other spring rolls in the
future thanks for watching guys we love
you now we're gonna make squash spring
rolls
you guys know we like making gummy stuff
we like eating gummy things and I know
you guys like it too so today we're
gonna make a giant gummy Lego Lego guy a
little baby comes in the little baby
bricks wait a second is that the Lego
dude oh yes yes
wait does it actually fit so a cool
thing about this mall is that it's the
actual size of the Lego guys so if they
you know satisfied to put it in if you
put the Lego guy in there
he will actually fit perfectly sweet so
these are gonna be like actual Lego
gummy guys and Lego bricks and but pls
also the resistance on song songs Lego
me dude they go my goal in order for
this to work we need lots of
so we got lots and lots of jell-o and we
need lots of gelatin what's the
difference between jello and gelatin
gelatin makes it hard like like makes it
more gummy makes it more more stiff to
that if we lift it it won't break break
apart and crumble yeah you don't want to
crumble cuz that was soccer
yeah all right we got the jello we got
the gelatin we need to boil some water
I checked it up I googled it we have the
water boiling now and we're gonna stick
the boiling water in here yeah cool
story bro how many of those are we gonna
use
ninety-two of these no I think we're
gonna just use jello no no that's too
much maybe we'll use two jell-o packets
and then we'll use twelve pouches of
this are you sure - are you sure - three
jello packets and then we'll use an old
banana to make it more gummy yeah the
old bananas are awesome by the way we
use those for shakes okay the water is
boiling the mixer is ready to mix the
jello is gelling mama B is out for girls
night so we get to use the mixer and not
get in trouble mama B I hope I don't
break all right thanks ready does it run
that's no rising STG LD
I have a let go D that's giant I have a
jumbo cat super giant chummy like oh
dude I have a gummy - that's jello and I
have a gel pack up super giant gotta
like do shiny like dude jello pack super
dragon coming like with delicious food
okay the water is boiled
we're gonna pour it into the bowl that's
a lot of boiling water okay this is the
first jello packet ooh look at that it's
very nice don't like it
all right one more jello packet please
boom all right let's get the other stuff
in there
we need more gelatin
look at the gelatin meow
we need more gelatin if this breaks
don't blame me
okay are we putting too much gelatin
smells awful
am i doing this right there's a lot of
smoke coming out on a last night
smokeless gelatin this is the aftermath
this is the format the current map this
is the first time you'll ever see a Lego
gummy guy on YouTube no one has ever
done this before this is a first
Namie family you've seen it here first
this is perfect guys
look at this because it's perfect that
is a nice jello smells like a wine this
smell like lamb okay we should put this
inside the the freezer well we got a
port in the Lego dude first right yeah
I'm a professional
Lego gummy guy careful I'm a
professional okay you all right
can someone please open the freezer for
me please wish me luck guys if I spill
this gentle kind of green stuff that we
never drink that we should drink because
it's healthy oh no we need you know we
need the things that the syringes you
know the syringe voice okay nice you can
be a syringe ologist I don't want to be
now he wants to be a geologist you want
to be a geologist gee I want to be a gee
some abyss said dad joke we got the
gummy guys got it got him okay easy does
it now we have the jello stuff inside
the freezer so now we wait 30 minutes
for 17 hours I'm not quite sure so
eventually
the monkeys are all shower remember
their sleepwear on here are the bricks
let's try to take them out these are the
minifigs so let's take those it's coming
up pretty good is it
look at that not bad for a first try
that is a half-decent Lego dude that's
the Lego guy so far kind of yeah I think
we kind of stuck it in the freezer a
little too long
Lego dude oh his legs coming off no and
those are the Lego dudes can we try a
taste test is it gross maybe you know
what no I think I should have put more
gelatin in there yeah
so we have the Lego dudes and we have a
Lego bricks Lego dudes success scale it
with the 10/10 no probably like a 7 yeah
simplified Lego breaks to break for like
for one and now the Piazza the
resistance does time sensitive so here's
the back of the Lego guy how're we
supposed to do this Oh a little
impatient there much 3 2 1 yeah give it
a little shakey shake
I totally needed to put more gelatin on
this so we've had kind of a major fail
with the Lego a Lego gummy the gummi
dude this is his head I'm sorry guys but
you know what though I do have one more
well it's not it's not perfect but you
guys asked for this so here it is
welcome to the gummy food versus real
food who needs a making edition okay
here are the rules
there are two containers that are going
to be placed before our eyes we are
going to do rock paper scissors and
whoever wins gets to randomly choose one
of the containers that they would like
to choose when you open your container
you will see either a gummy product or a
real food product we will see both of
our pizzas and see which one is the best
are we ready to go I'm ready let's get
started first things first
that it's the bane ingredient Oh a
process tomato sauce is this from a can
that's from a bottle so far so good
geez we need that heavenly sound oh this
is like curly cheese that's process also
who cares as long as it tastes good it's
all night but it going to water
okay you might think that both you guys
are gonna lose this challenge because
there's tomato and cheese but think
about it tomato's a fruit cheese is
dairy and bread is bread you can put you
can put anything on this so first
specimen give me what gummy bear that
we've ever oneis
there demon I don't think they're
pepperoni but they look like them sake
ah
and they smell pretty good soup there's
my like those pizza stores that taste
good ok so far we have a gummy pizza
it tastes so good and a pepperoni pizza
that looks pretty good to me well my
grandmother says didn't like about these
I'm a piece I don't like you
good luck monkeys
young I got like rainbow strips bacon
and you got bacon I got bacon all right
real bacon
versus fakin good let's put little
pieces of bacon
that's your pizza right there looking
pretty fantastic and they're both
looking really nice do you know that
you've done brown really tasty both of
them okay Wow paper scissor shoot yeah
these are like not real like Swedish
gummies you're so lucky I don't what is
this you're beat that looks great it's
got a little saltiness and a little
sweetness it's really good it's so good
I like caviar
I like caviar butter I like salmon
tartare I did not like this hey buddy I
need that for my pizza are you eating
straight sardines so far who's winning
I'd say this monkeys winning cuz look at
this look at this
good luck Paper Scissors shoot
no it's basil battle is it basil or
basil yeah the taste is like when it
goes into the oven it'll be fine it'll
all be fine next Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
oh that's my bad
pineapple oh I love Hawaiian I just pick
off the pineapple it's like a punch in
the face man
where'd you get this from those are
pineapples from the pineapple store down
the street
mine looks better now you know I think
mine looks better I had a dream we were
back to seventeen seven nights and they
ever tease never growing up but you know
I'm gonna leave behind the worst of us
this is the last topping topping right
here guys this is for all the marbles
okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot the more you
eat the more you fart the more you fight
the building really beat every meal no
don't I'm disgusted you've never heard
jelly beans on a pizza what are you
laughing about
well your pizzas are looking great look
at that my picture looks better though
my my pizza consists of beans basil and
mostly pineapple my future consists of
pepperoni cheese rainbow belts jelly
beans pineapples
swedish fish bagel and yeah mine
consists of gummy cherries beans gummy
pineapples gummy mint leaves bacon the
sauce and the cheese but it also has
sardines Oh
you want to bring them over to the oven
yeah let's write them over mama B which
one do you think is better this one okay
well you know what bacon and beans and
like sorry you've done it mama B you're
gonna eat that one too oh she's a
trooper okay so that means I'm gonna eat
with you sir good very good very nice so
hot now we wait okay how does that I can
smell everything well it looks like
everything is very gooey and there's not
really anything like still holding
together because I bet if you went
inside all of these gummies they would
just be gooey what is that oh this is
like jelly beans and pepperoni that's
disgusting
smells terrible which one smells worse
okay guys it's time to try your
creations good luck just looks great hmm
really it tastes good but just the
thought of what is in there
then what is a big there's no everything
immediate you stuck to my teeth
okay I'm gonna do what furious Pete
taught me to do Oh
oh wow
a shout-out to Puri as Pete iron gut to
your help
oh who won this challenge why don't you
guys let us know in the comments who won
this challenge and if you want to see
any other gummy challenges in the future
thanks for watching everybody we love
you guys please give it a thumbs up like
this video don't see you again next time
thanks for watching thanks for watching
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yeah please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I've just said
it's that voice it's my radio voice bye
u.s. for and we give it to you now
Debbie both braces but loss it's a
volume three this one guys
dummy food versus real food thank you to
vat19 you hooked it up a boxing I'm
gonna link them down below check them
out they got all kinds of crazy stuff
you guys ready yes they give us a whole
box of gummies and we are gonna step it
up today
gummy food versus real food some of this
food you probably won't want to eat okay
you guys ready yes with you guys okay
you know the deal okay choose wisely
what do we got here all right here we go
ms monkeys not happy this is the gummy
egg cold has it smell and you guys know
what a real egg looks like I actually
did that I tried to make it look exactly
the same as the gummy lemon is that
lemon yes the yolk is lemon and now I'm
gonna try no the egg white does it taste
like egg white honey how do you like
that egg and that just like egg boy mom
is kidding oh I don't know what the
white party's like video.js like lemon
where the taste like like mm-hmm
take a bite out you oka do another give
it up give it a fight what he's like
what minutes our scale of one to ten how
are my eggs 7:10 that was a 10 right
there next
that's gonna be the one that I want you
can buy awesome things from there I kind
of ruin the surprise but it's still a
surprise because one of it is real and
one of it is gummy so go ahead okay wait
wait favorite Scissors shoot Oh - OH
choose wisely Monkeyface we did bacon in
the pizza one I thought yeah real bacon
well this is like microwave bacon so
it's kind of fakin and gummy bacon which
is fake really fake bacon Wow chewy here
does it taste like bacon guys what does
it smell like smells like meat mm-hmm it
tastes really good though it tastes like
a gummy bear smells like bacon doesn't
taste like bacon not it tastes like a
gummy bear that bacon doesn't taste like
anything actually try it
bacon alright next Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
oh that was once okay alright cheeky
monkey take your pick
this is so it's textured to put butter
on that one this is my waffle here's a
real waffle I forgot to put butter and
syrup on it can I have some syrup though
here it is guys waffle with a butter
this is gummy house like little bubbles
in it okay it doesn't smell like a
waffle they smell like butter no I'm
sincere please good self is really
already much rise if you ever see me
waffles you will see syrup with it
because I love syrup mmm that's so weird
that's that's so here it it tastes it
tastes like a bowl if using a bowl a
bowl like a lemony board and really sour
kind of lemony mm-hmm you know it tastes
like it tastes like a waffle with zero I
don't know whoa I must be pear the next
step of the gummy food versus real food
this one's gonna take a little prep time
really I'm scared I don't know after
watching guava juice in the wet I would
have in mind I don't want to kiss them
in the gym you haven't seen ass - I'm
pretty sure you know restaurant business
- well I don't ask what since news this
is something that I actually bought I
went to the supermarket and I bought
this this is the decision of your video
so far to see who gets the gummy food
and who gets all right Rock Paper
Scissors shoot okay why are you not in
the shot I have to stay by the camera
why even a lot of thing you want it's
your choice you want to go
no you don't have to eat it that is
definitely something you know ha ha ha
ha ha it reeks ok guys this is not a
human heart this is a pork heart there
it is a pork heart and that is a gummy
heart so here's the gummy hearts
and here's the food heart so let's test
out this guy's heart okay so I got them
at the grocery store who sells this the
grocery store people sell it they put
that in their stews you can actually go
to a restaurant and order like a pork
hearts - or pork heart rice I'm gonna
give this to your grandfather and he's
gonna make a nice stew out of it if I go
to a restaurant then I would try to
crazy stink but not a heart
come on have you tried frog legs yeah
what was the other crazy things that you
truncate or tail the pigeon you tried
gator - you've eaten pigeon what have
you eaten pigeon you remember when did
you eat pigeon on the road trip in
Baltimore you had pigeon
nobody's pigeon and then use the beak to
like clean your teeth oh come on no you
did not
so what do you guys think pork heart
gummy heart which would taste better I'd
say like the bacon and the bacon tastes
like the gummy bear so they all okay I'm
bringing something now that is crazy and
it's also something that I found but I
found it at the butcher are you ready
the butcher they're nice people but who
knows what they chopped up in that
little back room right there
there was a freaking heart right there
I'm gonna put that in your bed
you're gonna feel something squishy in
your pillow okay this one
you know oh I know what it is Oh
breakfast so this is gonna be better I
know what it is they don't tell me I
don't want to know no no no what's gonna
be next next next next on the play play
play play is it gonna be gross or
delicious Ches Ches ah okay so before
you open this this is something that I
used to eat when I was a kid I used to
eat them in sandwiches you can make a
nice stew with it I'm gonna give this to
a widow your grandfather and he's gonna
make it nice too because he's been
asking for it so as soon as this is done
I'm sending it to him he's taking it
rock paper scissors so this is what the
tunnel I don't like everyone to open
this I don't mind how does it how does
it work Bo you stick it it's that that
is a gummy tongue so that means it's
time for you to reveal what's under it
oh my gosh
all the smells that is a cow tongue you
had a hamburger today what is this what
is this what I don't know what's in
there I don't know that's the very very
rough sound the smell is soul you have
hamburgers and some people have cow
tongue sandwiches some people have stews
do you think you would ever want to have
a cow tongue stew or a cow tongue
sandwich mmm maybe a gummy told maybe a
gummy tongue no no neither one neither
one I don't care if it's a dummy tongue
and the bread is gummy I don't want
anything that had the name tongue that's
gross it's like having a piece of steak
and putting it down on the plate it's
just that's the tongue
that's so weird it's a count on me it's
delicious gonna make a nice stew out of
this we're gonna have this for dessert
hey you guys ready to take a bite yeah
three do hmm how do we do that the
world's largest gummy worm thumbnail
right thanks for watching everybody let
us know in the comments who you think
won this challenge cuz I lost track let
us know if you want to see any more
challenges like this if you want to see
anything else just let us know and now
it's time to make some port heart and
cow tongues - OH
everybody's been waiting for I think I'm
more excited than the monkeys on this
one you guys have asked for this and we
have delivered today
gummy food versus real food now if you
don't know how this works
the monkeys are each gonna be given a
plates you're going to do rock paper
scissors whoever wins the rock paper
scissors gets to choose which plate they
want to eat
one of the plates has real food and the
other plate has the gummy version plate
and simple one is which but I'm going to
put this in front of you guys Rock Paper
Scissors shoot this is a shoot oh you're
gonna choose that one
three two one wow this heavy this is a
heavy burger
I think the gummy burger looks better
than the real burger let's take a big
bite it's deliciousness is it five
layers of delicious dinners you bet up
up up up I'm thuggin it each layer is
like different flavors mama B do you
want to take a bite sweetness
bread - I'll take two dozen of these
please
I think they're really spicy that's a
jalapeno
that's a habanero and that's a ghost
pepper no those are just regular why are
you giving him regular peppers and
giving me I mean it's done I'm gonna
find the ghost pepper have an arrow in
jalapeno so I described the same color
that's the jalapeno that's probably the
least amount of heat right there it's
pretty spicy I like this one it's not
spicy it's not spicy okay that's the
ghost pepper be careful be careful with
the ghost pepper I know it's really easy
a bike through wise it's so easy let's
see that's so spicy
so then tip of my tongue is burning I
need water
like milk or something Wow Wow okay
ghost pepper gummy no joke I love that
half in your soda
why don't we believe it mate Oh a spicy
man oh my god
oh isn't that a kick oh wow oh whoa guys
do that hmm to get rid of the heat you
can eat a regular pepper mmm how the
piñas not that bad
it has he oh that's hot okay
round three it's so spicy like the tip
of my tongue like numb and burning is it
they're like my tongue there
rock-paper-scissors wait wait okay this
is a shoot office monkey wins
there it is guys this is actually a
win-win this is only drinking those
commercials like I like to teach the
world to sing thumbs up or thumbs down
all right around kids actually eat that
for lunch those are like those like
lunch mate how's that your mouth closed
our luck the way the bananas taste
there's bananas on that now how's that
would you rather have a real pizza
I'd rather have a gummy pizza sister can
you share your gummy pizza would you
like to try your brother's pizza let's
see how that tastes
um this is still processed it's flowing
out of my hands I'm like so scared I'm
gonna like puke if I eat this
this is not real food kids like I'm
sorry is this a cracker Oh
disgusting kids eat that that's they
take that oh my goodness
kids eat that thumbs-up or thumbs-down
down now you can turn it into a taco oh
yeah you're gonna want to sit up for
this one
what is your jump on it Oh what kind of
parents would we be if we put a live
animal on your left leg
come on never gonna do that with us did
with doe bricks panel close your eyes
I'm gonna put this on your chest
rock paper scissors case fish were like
not fish you're nice I can see me trying
the sardines yeah that's a taste good is
it tasty yeah yay John to Portugal I
couldn't actually live off these the
Portuguese people eat sardines a lot
how's that oh did you just have a
sardine and a gummy both Wow are you
gonna mix it up oh no wait are you gonna
put a sardine on top of a gummy she's
doing it for oh I think this is the
world's first sardine gummy Cheers bonza
amazing oh my goodness mega thumbs up
round next
Wow I hope you guys like snake when do
you not like anything hotter than the
fridge the other day I'm like yo you
know what that's a fresh hot dog this is
so not processed
this has more natural ingredients and
that pizza you just have a bite which
one which one I'm going to choose that
one all right
stick your face
that's brains way brains is this cow are
there like brains in here can I pick
this up what can eat someone please tell
me what's that is lobster brain fried
rice oh you're gonna eat the lobster
brain fried rice that's a gummy buddy
right there Wow okay so that's a gummy
brain and then that is lobster brain
fried rice how does it taste
regular I mean I didn't eat the I'm not
like eating lobster brain because it's
just weird like it's a brain and I see
like the particles and like the fat in
the brain and everything I don't know
what other brain they put in there but
oh look at that you know that is a nice
gummy right how does it taste the gummy
brain mmm what does it taste like
weird hmm that's actually was really
good it might be lamb brain fried rice
it's gonna be lamb brain lamb brain do
you know your brains like that thumbs up
and people actually eat this it's like
fruit punch all right Lots round
favorite Scissors shoot shoot yeah they
look like little puppets about not gross
mm super jiggly they're like there's no
weird nature
I expected them to freak out when they
saw it you wanna creep kids out on
Halloween you put these on your door
look at that this disgusting these are
bull frog legs barbecue bull frog legs
okay well I never thought I'd see the
day you guys absolutely did not freak
out by seeing the frog legs how does the
gummy frog look good look at this frogs
doing this is really pretty fine this
frog never skip leg day that's for sure
well thanks for watching everybody I
hope you guys enjoyed that gummy food
versus real food let us know in the
comments if you want to see any other
challenges or any other future gummy
episodes let's have a toast to the frogs
to the Frog to the Frog and don't skip
like baby
this frog head of boobies who would have
thought we would be eating frog boobie
Yeah right - way to it that works for me
yeah welcome back to another episode of
gummy vs. real kind of food if you eat
it it's food this is just real so fake
maybe it's all an illusion it might be
in there like animal no live animals we
do have furry that's for sure is it a
spider no it's not a spider fairies they
don't find a furry spider yes so here
are the rules they're gonna do
rock-paper-scissors and the winner gets
to choose the plate plain and simple
ready guys three two one I got my vibe
power going I got the gummy hotdog you
can see the nice mustard the hotdog and
the bread so we'll just ignore a real
hot dog I was hungry that's what parents
don't feed me
hey wait feed you and you see it looks
exactly the same
he did a good job of making them the
same because these don't have catch if
they have mustard mm-hmm this one is
orange the bread the hotdog is cherry
I think the mustard is lemon can't try
this so they all have different flavors
which is amazing mm-hmm cherry cherry
cherry who won that round I think I did
cuz mine looked a little bit better than
Oh friend really fun who's ready for
round us
me why did you do that you guys no no
I'm very nervous
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
yes and this is what I look it smells
like is eat it smells like green apple
and pickle look at that close-up ooh
very easy to bite into mm do you
remember in that candy cans video
it tastes like onion II pickles with
like a little bit of sweat really take a
big bite oh I know it smells like a
pickle
you guys oh that's so gross mama B you
got to smell this and then you like
pickles did they have scratches and
pickles yeah mmm you want me to give it
a big horse buy a horse but and then you
gotta eat all this do it from like from
the top like there so I can get all of
it oh it's so go to the garbage so miss
month you won that round
probably because well mostly because
people partly because nobody would want
to try a third protein because nobody
would want to try all right here we go
around knew it all true
shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot we did this
already no we didn't do this tell us in
the comments although hi guys we didn't
do this before didn't know we didn't use
the cheeseburger last time yes we did
there's also different flavors okay
we've we've done this before
but anyways hey why not bring back the
gummy hamburger boy all right who won
this round cuz that's a juicy looking
cheeseburger and that is a juicy looking
gummy cheeseburger that fir-tree looks
good that gummy really good to get that
close up let's see yeah oh well that you
know no I'll hold it I promise I'm not
gonna eat it no because I tried I don't
trust you no you can't trust your father
nope glorious looking wait sick does
this taste like lettuce see it all
tastes exactly the same okay who run
this round
hmm this was a good hamburger and that
was delicious as I got me I think you
wouldn't this cuz that was a delicious
hamburger I even went to the gummy
ketchup looks tomatoes lettuce we got
cheese no wait the ketchups down here
too that's what the heck they put two
ketchups what's it daddy Joker it's a
new way to do hamburgers baby you gotta
catch up hmm what's up with the times
Oh
who's ready for the furriest dummy food
challenge ever did that got me going to
be free - I want a cake made out of
gummies for my birthday I want a
hamburger cake so it's like a cake cake
but shaped into like a hamburger like a
giant hamburger wait is this the end of
the video after this or other than this
Oh No okay here's round yeah you know I
forgot what it is what round knew it oh
is this more revenue but a cat okay why
I don't want it to get my hair because
it jumps out at me you know
story time when I was really small I
always wanted one of these mustaches
from bat 19 and now it's just here in my
kitchen I've always wanted to do that
ever since I was a little girl I was
always wanting to be read because that
was always in love with their facial
features like they the most - the beard
in the sideburns I just really fell in
love with all these features and then
one day when I will say you know sitting
in the kitchen Mustard's does it taste
hairy
it tastes like Cola yeah it does I love
eating with mustaches and I just find
that so satisfying I must ask you when
did that happen
no no that was actually good thank you
I just kind of didn't I kind of zoned
out I got a treadle
started yeah new trend guys 2018 new
trend get your mustache on oh yeah we
didn't show this one out this is no
rental this is a cherry cola yeah I
bought this - you know what a mustache
that was good guys
I'm just trying to hug you son what we
have mustaches together I have come here
for you one why I saw you with
Veronika's the other day I have done
with that lady I'm here for your mission
oh you're just here medically make it so
what's the company don't thank you and
that's rap like hopper mornings are for
coffee and contemplation whenever I put
on a moustache I become a majestic
really proud number 5
sorry I just obsessed all right you
gotta rush I am a logistic lion from the
jungle exam is on three two one before
these are gummy shot no whoa okay let's
see let's taste it that is a gummy shot
glass or gummy glass I've seen in
different about 90 in China yes and that
is Mama's Cup the Wonder Woman Cup yeah
but what would she drink out of that she
drinks tea how about you
I get my out you're gonna drink out of
it before you bite into it yeah can I
drink mm sure all right G don't eat your
cup is there another one because I kind
of bit this one like this is actually
cool all right how's that it is good it
is regular for tea time clink my friend
pink pink
this is delicious
fast quenches okay who won that round
hmm I did well considering that we both
got glasses
okay guys this is the final round I'm
terrified
don't be scared do I ever see you guys
here
well this day to this day octopus it's a
it's an octopus oh but mr. monkey so
let's just see what I really want to be
like slice octopus like not a full one
maybe its head is cut off
what Oh throw me budget there are the
little sucker things I really was always
terrified of these suckers does it stick
to us if we touched it no I don't have
to take tentacles will stay but I got
this at the grocery store and people eat
calamari people eat our faces and I'm
gonna ask my father-in-law to make us a
nice meal with this no look you're not
even try it no I'll try it yeah we'll
probably try it
that is an octopus Wow the guts are not
falling out those are the temperatures
right down it's upside down
so who won that round well definitely
miss monkey I think it's supposed to be
blueberry but I don't like it
yeah it's it's like a wall tastes like
physical wall a flavor don't you all hey
what do you know who officially won the
gummy versus real challenge on this
video on this episode
I got the shot glass remember now that's
a big I can't remember I can't remember
how many rounds there were so let us
know in the comments down below who won
I'm gonna ask a widow to cook this
deep-fry it
or maybe some calamari maybe something
so we are not gonna waste this at all
yes thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and if there's anything else you want
to see let us know in the comments down
below we love you thank you for watching
everybody please like subscribe it leave
a comment down below and tell us who do
you think won
is this a challenge oh do you guys know
how this goes today yep there are two
plates one person gets the GI incoming
another person gets the nato tiny baby
doll Oh gummy so none of them is rose
gummy nah real some not I am cubby vs.
are you guys ready yeah okay all the way
back let's get to it okay Paper Scissors
shoot
okay okay okay I choose are you sure are
you sure about that yes are you positive
what no choice okay we got a mini burger
you got a giant burger is that
considered a giant burger like a regular
a krabby patty this is really cool cuz I
think all the things are different
flavors so here we got cheese things
banana banana and then you got the bun
we got the patty we got the list and we
got the bum bum it's the bun I would
imagine it taste exactly did you just do
a one bite burger it's a burger wait
guys I want to enjoy it before you get
your horse bite on it hmm
spike in my ranks chewy my last try that
one sirs before you get your voice bite
on and is it delightful what is that
taste like its first bite that's good
that tastes like charity let's see who
chews with her mouth closed
what are you doing how was the burger
guys back 1 so it would I took a bite
out of that it tasted like a tropical
island with oranges and and cherry and
this is wrong to shoot I like this one I
had a good get a good vibe you guys do
one someone spilled my water all over my
yeah many funds that we can share it can
I cut slices for you all yeah sure I got
a double decker pizza that's delicious
nice hat by the way thank you three
hours later thank you
so you can have the bigger slice it
bottoms up
that's delicious okay let go meat is
like everything else paper scissor shoot
shoot
what is this okay just open yours oh my
god giant like Paris this is amazing is
there like little fries haha how does
the licorice gummi taste like that one
tastes amazing these are like little
licorice fries how does it taste you two
really bizarre this is like liberation
that's really weird
I literally tied a whole bunch of
licorice sticks with an elastic band
to make it look like one giant licorice
what do you think guys very creative
okay round what do you really really
like because I'm good with vibes I have
a feeling you wants the big one I want
the small one you've made your choices
two three that's called a tiny gummy
hotdog my friend this is called trash
you know what like we can trade if you
want yes
let's see you let's have a look guys
it's not Wiener can you pull the Wiener
off the bus okay how does the gummy but
is it really hard
hold on your hats guys this is really
really cute this button tastes really
really good
it's like marshmallowy I don't know does
it taste like the pizza bun yeah tastes
like the pizza bud the mustard is a
lemon the mustard is I mean the Weiner
is black cherry okay who won this round
I think have you been getting all the
big ones you guys are gonna have to
drink lots of water after this watch the
gummies wait
choose wisely a precision shoot what the
heck did you win again yeah
have you been winning every single round
no yeah no once or twice
well once thank God she picked it which
one are you getting I wanted that one
ball he's trying to play tricks no I'm
not I'm actually not playing mind games
no this is gimme food mrs. real food
yeah I know I kind of couldn't find any
gummy popcorn so I got this doesn't even
smell like popcorn
it's puffy it's like not even know me I
don't know what this is is this what is
it easily that texture no you want water
what's going on your mind Mikey the
texture isn't even like marshmallow and
I don't know where to look man is it
gummy gelatin it's smells like popcorn
oh that's gross okay guys here's a
close-up that's what this looks like
doesn't feel like gummy kind of gross
yuck you are not allowed to touch the
plate now what about gummy animal and
real animal is it a puppy
you don't make dummy puppies let's go
man let's do it buddy
Rock Paper Scissors shoot no no if you
want to choose this thing sure just tap
on the one you want
Oh God so there you go mini Cola giant
Cola what do you guys think is that
cherry cola that's Cola Cola cool is it
:
oh this is really hard amazing
chewy super chewy like impossibly chewy
I see this well there's one really true
it's like super - you're gonna lose your
teeth though it's like really chewy
tasty gummy Cola with bite marks Wow
who's winning so far me no grabbing no
pulling no trying to see how heavy it is
no cheating okay and are you ready for
the final round of mini Gumby vs giant
gummy I get the belt of all gumminess
who own this round my brother definitely
which one tastes better let's see three
two one we've got some cherry some apple
very nice garyun green apple over here's
your green apple - marinus is a way to
win the cherry is so is it good how's
that what's better scarier the Apple
Apple okay who won this I did let us
know in the comments I think this monkey
got most of the giant gummies however
mr. monkey got the giant worm at the end
so let us know in the comments who you
think won this challenge of the mini vs
giant gummy chef is this versus bro I
will link them down below for inspiring
us on this idea let us know in the
comments if there's anything else you
want to see any other challenges or any
other videos stay tuned for some crazy
stuff that's gonna be happening with the
family we promise it's just going to get
crazier and sometimes it gummy err
before we go who wins a tug of war 3 2 1
go look at this snake this is so huge
mama B it's freaking me out because it
looks just like a real snake
it looks like a texture is the same Oh
here lay it out mister monkey let's see
how long this thing is that's your arm
and this is another one and this is
another one and this is another one whoa
look at the size of this snake look
plank so if you planked Wow and mommy's
mommy is a very tall drink of water look
at that
thank you Wow thank you for being a
snake model mama B how big is it is it
the size of your head it's like bigger
that's huge how I can't touch it though
look this halo how's that tail this
snake weighs 25 pounds it is 8 feet long
and it's 36 thousand calories 36,000
news I promised that if our gummy bear
video hit over 20,000 likes that I would
get these guys a gummi Python so there
it is what does it smell like
this smells like fruit punch this smells
like fruit punch okay mommy
what does it smell like it smells
amazing so it smells like a blue slushie
okay so is it so cute what should we
name our new pet tough guy the tough guy
I was gonna I was gonna try to get him
to attack you but his head is so heavy
okay what's crazier guys the gummy bear
or the gummy python sculpturing of the
face it's so realistic look at the
detail imagine anything you know like
Frank Skinner uh yeah look at their nose
look the intent is that there's a
there's like a crease there you know
snakeskin boots what about gummy
snakeskin boots it looks like a real
skin look at that it is so your
attention to detail is quite good do the
snake makers user of the massive snake
kudos to the what I think I ordered this
on its sugar why don't you guys put
around your neck okay all right monkeys
you ready to wear this name oh yeah
imagine I put it on yeah how does that
look I don't know big Tony Python that's
about as swaggy as it gets Kent's name
is celebrate good times come on
that is heavy-duty
here she is Miss Python what a beauty
this is 26 pounds you know what that
should be your new accessory what do you
think maybe it's something that you
should just wear from now on I think you
should gummy okay I love your new
gummy scarf baby very beautiful before
we go I think we have to take a bite out
of this snake should we take a little
slices like sushi
no but it's a gummy snake wait you know
you don't have to do this well you don't
have to take a bite out of the gummy
yeah no oh my goodness be very careful
with the amount of gummy that you're
gentle oh my goodness are you gonna bite
where you gonna bite gummy eyeballs
what is this gummy made out of leather
that's good what does it taste like you
ain't going anywhere unless you oh oh
whoa
she just dropped the snake snake drop
whoa you're just gonna huge bite that
was massive your Beast wow that's sweet
man is it sweet
thanks for watching everybody please
like and subscribe to our channel if you
want to see more gummies
that's enough snake oh my goodness
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribes
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
