let me just let me just get let me use
this wanna take this one off hello guys
welcome back to another episode of me me
by myself
hi guys today we're going to make some
Valentine's valance light valance length
the Valentine's Day slide that's kind of
like a dad joke valance lines okay I'm
gonna leave but guess what I have a
surprise for you are you ready for your
surprise yeah okay so I figured it's a
very special Valentine's Day slime
making experience this is really
different slot I've got different like
Valentine's if you want to do different
ones yeah okay cool well here you go
monkey here's a box of different
Valentine's Day slime ingredients oh
thank you what do you think the happy
balance proceeded inside this box
we've got bloom beans the little ones
that I like glitter glue
these little glitter things that are
really fluffy I'm gonna cut some pearls
so we can like make it crunchy and we
also got these little stickers things
like maybe putting slime or something or
make it look nice for the thumbnail what
so we got no one procrastinating it
let's get started pretty pink like a
princess yeah let's make the glitter
swap the glitter glue slime first I'm
only gonna make a little batch because I
want to make different types of balanced
lines today
next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna
get our can have a mixing tool please go
mixing tool tip we're gonna get our
contact lens solution and we're gonna
put about like three five seconds worth
see I made it I got this these two
things perfect this second so we're
gonna get our mixing tool and mix the
glue and the contact lens solution there
is diamond did and then we're going to
get hot shinin creme oh maybe it can be
this can be like sort of a princess sort
of slime because it's still got these
little like glitter flakes in it I love
this pink tint I love it fluffy slime
it's like good noise
you got the most broken good insaner oh
yeah I love this tint so basically we
just made fluffy slime here it's a bit
harder like it's not that stretchy but
it'll ooh for the view music what I want
to add these things because it will make
it look so pretty pink I already am
loving
color it's gonna get more glossy later
accent it as it like sets in the
container so we're gonna make some
crunchy fluffy slide that sound is so
funny and weird look at the glitter
oh yeah look it's like little subtle
glitter flakes I'm just gonna mix it a
bit more and then I'll do a swirl for
y'all cuz I know you guys want to swirl
what what do you mean what's this I'll
show you later
I'm gonna call this pretty pink princess
woo let me get that close-up get that
thumbnail gotta get that thumbnail now
we're gonna add these cute little feet I
want to change it I love it the beads
it's Valentine's Day
mm that's cool nice keep that close up
crispy crunch I don't wanna put too much
or else it's gonna fall out secret in
the Cap'n's
let's make a swirl y'all this looks so
pretty I love this color
would so we have our first valence lime
of the day which is pretty pink princess
the next time what we're going to do is
we're going to do white slime with these
little glitter things which don't fall
out I'm pretty sure the best part about
making slime is that at the end when it
all comes together you're like who do
you guys think is this light queen of
YouTube I think that this line queen is
Karina Garcia cuz she has her old like
slime kit let's add our I like to keep
the color settle to let it look still
balance like everything is balanced oh
my gosh I'm gonna play some more when I
put salt on my food
so yeah I'll keep talking uh-huh oh yeah
amazing well you know I just got a
pretty sure that most people go to
Michaels or like slime supplies
it looks pretty ooh looks very pretty
thank you so I'm gonna put this in a
container and it's time for the next
slime so I'm gonna make red slime with
the white flow beads and these little
heart things right there fart it the
best thing about slime is that you can
clean up anything with it what do you
think monkey are you gonna put this wrap
them in there and then it's gonna look
great for the thumbnail sorry what mwah
so you can literally walk around this
lime and give your BAE's a heart all
right guys so I'm gonna show up all the
three slimes that we made today
fairly got number one pretty pink
princess it's so magical and so jewel or
redneck I just made up a new word
jeweler jeweler etic like jewelry
geodetic it's so like fancy I love it
and then the next one here we have is
the love heart pink flow slime
throughout our like hearts and then
we've got our beautiful white subtle
slime with these pink glitters
thanks again for watching guys let us
know which one was your favorite
swearing in the comments down below I
like the pretty pink princess the bet
okay so my favorite one was hmm let me
see
please don't do that mmm my favorite one
is I think this one you guys don't know
dad skills with the slime it's getting
all our hands in that how about hot hold
on wait second I got this link no no
don't touch them don't touch them but
it's not get stuck to my hand looks I'm
like wait a second I gotta believe it
let me let me just get them believe me
use this one to take this one on over -
are you sure you did this wrong a pinky
here okay a little help here No happy
Valentine's Day guys thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
