back in December I traveled to
Bangladesh I was invited by Jerome Jarre
and the love army that have done great
work in Mexico and Somalia I traveled to
Bangladesh and it was a very difficult
trip for me for many many many many
reasons it was three flights to get
there the time difference but what I
witness I can't possibly explain to all
of you what I saw and what I felt being
there and witnessing these people and
what they were suffering the video that
I took and please forgive me I did a
horrible job of filming because it's not
easy traveling around the world and
telling a story while holding a camera
and being in the moment and not worrying
about the technicalities of holding the
camera and making sure that everything's
working you are also though experiencing
a kind of life that you never imagined
people would be having on the other side
of the world and so this is their
reality so this was day 2 because on day
1 I arrived and five minutes later we
headed to the refugee camp I couldn't
film that day it was impossible for me
because of my emotions I tried so hard
not to to show my emotions I wanted to
be just part of the team so this is me
trying to sound positive because as you
know we always try to put a positive
spin on everything we do as a be family
I was here yesterday this is gonna be my
second day in the camp I could have
logged the first day I was really really
overwhelmed by what I saw I'm headed to
the camp now and I want to show you guys
what's happening there
how many beautiful kids are there I'm
hoping I get to play with them today
spend some time with them the people
have been great they're welcoming the
love army Jerome Jarre has done an
amazing job of raising I think we're at
one-and-a-half million right now hoping
to get to 2 million I don't think my
work is done here I really want to come
back to Bangladesh and do more for them
so let's go I think the team is already
downstairs
so the camp is just rows and rows and
hundreds and thousands of these tiny
little huts that people live in covered
in plastic they cook in there and so the
fumes are not healthy for them hello
hello hello the kids would follow us
everywhere we went there were a few
creators that were invited these are the
paths the hills that they travel on it
was so steep so dangerous and the kids
were just having a ball with us they
thought it was so interesting to see
people from another country okay this
morning I knew I was going to visit the
orphanage I knew it was going to be a
difficult experience this is me trying
to not show my tremendous sadness
because I knew where I was going I was
going to visit these children that had
experienced a lot a lot of horrible
things and they actually drew images of
them to express how they were feeling
but on the plus side they are getting
counseling mental health counseling to
help them cope with what they've
experienced so that they can move
forward and try to create happiness in
their own life day 3 of being here in
Cox's Bazaar Bangladesh and today is
gonna be the most challenging day of all
I'm going to visit the orphans
apparently there's 40,000 orphans here
in a camp of 800,000 a million people
40,000 orphans it's hard to imagine and
so I know this is gonna be difficult
however I want to be a source of joy for
these kids they've been through so much
they've experienced things that no human
should experience especially a child
should
experience and so I want to go there and
offer them lots of hugs and kisses and
to let them know that there are people
who care for them and want the best for
them I am taking you along and I hope
that this will be as powerful for you as
it is for me
we've arrived in Belo Kali Bangladesh
and we're just waiting to be escorted to
the orphanage they want to make sure
that all the visitors are checked in to
ensure the safety of the children and so
I'm here with what seems like tons of
people who are waiting for nutrition and
so I just would love to show you what
this looks like
these children and women are waiting for
food this actually turned out to be one
of the smaller shelters where people
were waiting for food these are all
mothers and their children and expectant
moms there were just thousands and
thousands and thousands of people they
don't have centers to educate on family
planning they don't have that I didn't
see any books I didn't see any libraries
on our way to the orphanage now these
are all refugees here from my in mark
all of these people there are so many
people here is overwhelming to see the
number of them they have so little in
the camp there there was nothing they
need help
hello this is how the women and children
are crossing over what seems like
garbage it's just a massive pile of
waste
these are the kids in the orphanage they
were so friendly they were in laughing
they were smiling they were so curious
they were curious about me and about my
camera they are absolutely gorgeous
these kids and they were so open to give
me hugs these are the children that are
orphans that are here at the refugee
camp
they've lost their parents these are the
faces of the orphans this is what they
look like you're the most beautiful
children I've ever seen and look at
their beautiful smiles and their
beautiful faces
but here it is the children in the
orphanage this has been a life-changing
experience for me I hope that I've been
able to share with you images pictures
and videos so that you too can associate
with these victims they're not faceless
victims they're here they're right here
and they've been through so much luckily
there's a lot of organizations here that
are offering them a lot of help a lot of
counseling to understand what's happened
to process it and to hopefully move
forward thank you for sharing on this
journey with me I wish I didn't have to
make videos like
so my goal is to continue to help Jerome
Jarre with the money that they need to
continue to build for these people to
help them out of the situation that they
are in where they can't work they don't
have any papers we want to help them and
we want to help them to continue to
build more places for kids to get an
education where they can play together
where they can feel safe where as their
shade from the Sun because it's so hot
there
I am personally hoping to return back to
Bangladesh this year so that our family
can purchase books so that we can make a
library for the kids because I didn't
see any books while I was there and so
they made libraries they need schools
they need hospitals here it is here's
the link please donate please please
please thank you so much for watching
this video these videos are very near
and dear to my heart I want to continue
to inspire change in our world so that
together we can make peace possible
