Oh today we're making the rainbow
unicorn grilled cheese sandwich you guys
if I see this on Instagram price signals
all over the youtubes but today we're
gonna do it here
the whole family we're gonna be doing
the rainbow grilled cheese so these are
the different colors that we're gonna be
using we have all these like super cool
unicorny colors I don't know my mommy
doesn't really she's like at all but you
coloring the cheese it's mozzarella
we're gonna we're gonna color the cheese
okay
I'll believe it when I see it I'm
already like the ice cream that you guys
made that you blew my mind
well you knew yeah you guys ready to do
this yes we both gonna taste yes well
see ya okay as long as you're back for
the thumbnail image okay so basically
all you need to make rainbow grilled
cheese is butter food coloring you need
your bread of course and the mozzarella
mozzarella cheese first of all that we
want to do is we want to color the
mozzarella so we want to make it all
kinds of rainbow eaters so now it's time
to color the mozzarella I would probably
put like five or six drops in each one
maybe three more just as eight okay now
we do a little mixing mix little high
speed mixing
we're making blue cheese get it you have
the potential to make great dad jokes
thank you
oh yeah how's that No
so here it is guys so now we've colored
the cheese we're all set now that we've
done that we grab our bread and we grab
one piece which is really to butter it
to make the cheese sandwiches to grill
to make it look like a nice little shiny
I think the not a grilled cheese guy
we're gonna grab two slices and we're
gonna put butter on one side on both
slices on each I'll show you yeah time
to butter the buns this butter is hard
why is it so hard all right there we go
Oh just put a little bit of butter on
there so the monkeys putting a nice thin
layer of butter on one side now we're
gonna do the other bread butter check
monkey okay so now it's time to grill
the the rainbow the rainbow grilled
cheese
so how is it how's it looking it's
looking pretty good we got some colors
we got some red I can see some soon some
green hi monkey how's that look it's
looking pretty good we've got a nice top
oh yeah yeah gotta check the
undercarriage make sure it's good let's
go get that magical spread monkeys got
the cut going okay so you don't want to
cut it all the way no well it's got to
be like a magical spread right so when
you pull that cheese has got to be
pulled slowly just like the videos just
like the video yeah let's see what that
magic pool looks like look at that hello
my name is Olga LaGuardia and are you
here to test the grilled cheese sandwich
yes I am well look at that we've got the
magic rainbow pull monkeys holding it
tight for you guys look at that holding
it down mommy what do you think it
worked
look at that that's awesome all right
ladies get a little taste test
wow that whole taste what do you guys
think excuse me excuse all the LaGuardia
needs a piece here on the plates parts
okay hmm
this smells good why are you looking at
me like an you're scared out of your
shorts they're not even wearing shorts
who are you smiling it some little dinky
old sandwich and what are you laughing
it I'm not laughing I'm just feeling
that you're missing out you should start
it okay take a bite it is actually
delightful I like it
maybe don't get so much cheese next time
we added a lot of cheese for effect
mm-hmm I like how the bread is toasted
perfectly
presentation is good unlike last time
presentation is incredible look at this
look at that that's that close-up oh
yeah what do you guys think that
close-up Wow whoa is that Pinterest with
you guys
yeah even the cheese on its own whoa
whoa amazingly is it good I put a lot of
cheese and a lot of butter yes get that
slo-mo bite pull that cheese mommy pull
that cheese that's slow cheese pull
let's do this if you want to see more
videos like our crazy grilled cheese
rainbow sandwiches please comment and
leave a like and subscribe down below we
love you with all of our hearts and
thank you for watching
yes oh yeah we got a food then was it a
ten out of ten not yet attained what
we're missing
let's jeez the whole point of the
grilled cheese sandwich thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
