oh is this camera on there oh my gosh oh
for sure oh hello dear how cool is it
I'm always honestly afraid that it's not
focusing and or on the focusing thing is
TBD hello hi how's it going welcome to
my humble abode I'm so excited to
introduce you to my boyfriend pillow as
a viewer I frequently go through
different phases of YouTube
my current binge was photography videos
I loved watching photographers talk
about a specific style of photography or
a specific thing that they do with
photography the editing the cameras they
use the locations they go to and the
most relatable thing that I came across
was photographers reacting to their old
photography you know today I'm just
going to copy other people and do that
first and foremost I started off by
texting my mom to see if she had any old
photos that I had taken as a good old
youngin growing up in Minnesota honestly
it's like not bad I really used the rule
of thirds here and the subject is
interesting if you can't tell that is a
crisp chrysalis a chrysalis with a
monarch butterfly growing in it that's
pretty like that's cool I took that when
I was like 10 so that's pretty cool oh
my god so this photo I used to take this
shows much of a small town I got it I
used to submit my photos to the Houston
County Fair as in cotton candy carnival
rides cows deep-fried foods etc and so
uh I submitted this to a photography
contest in honey
i won this was a Grand Champion photo
again I was like 10 maybe even younger I
this is pretty
it'd be a little bit better if it were
centered it'd be a little bit better too
if it were tilted so that it was more
straight on I mean I'm gonna I could fix
this in post obviously there's no
editing involved with this one or the
first one so low-key it's great is this
just a video where I'm complimenting
myself there are some really bad ones
just you wait here we go a bad one this
was a photo I took of a tree with thorns
there's really nothing too interesting
about it I mean the cool part is I
didn't know trees can grow thorns so I
think that that was the reason I took
the photo again I was 10 so those are
kind of boring but the tomato photo
though impeccable let's take a trip back
the year was 2008 the location was
Billings Montana I have some family that
lives in Montana we used to go on these
hiking trips growing up so I need to
like backtrack and explain something I
used to love cameras I used to have a
total fascination with cameras I used to
love the disposable cameras that you'd
buy like a target and then you'd have
the film developed at Target I was by no
means good but I just used to have such
a fascination and this next batch of
photos is I think I had a little Sony
point-and-shoot so it was like my first
digital camera I was so excited because
I thought it was really cool that I
could take photos and then immediately
see them which is like a crazy thing to
say nowadays with smartphones and
everything but at the time it was
revolutionary again 2008 I was but a
young teen it's like a pretty good photo
it would have been a little bit more
interesting if the road was longer I
think but I have such a love for
simplicity and I have such a love for
countryside so it just kind of if it
were more of a wider shot I think that
that would be a little bit more
picturesque this feels a little bit
closed in this is a picture of a bunch
of butterflies apparently I had a
fascination with butterflies still
confusing how no one knew I was gay
again another photo of mountains
perfectly centered I'm definitely using
my composition skills well if it were
lowered a little bit it would be like a
perfectly composed photo seeing more of
the sky I got pretty good and now we
transition the year still 2008 the
location somewhere in northern Minnesota
picture of a Klaus still have a
fascination with clouds it'd be
interesting to see these photos if I had
editing at the time to be honest I
probably had no idea that you could edit
a photo I sound ancient but like there
were no filters there was no Instagram
there was nothing like that bitch there
was no vsco cam
none of that nothing some pictures of
loons oh you've never heard a loon I
don't even know what this sounds of is
it a chirp or a more like a COO the
noise a loon makes oh god it's so
peaceful so I'm gonna capture that oh
that's pretty
I'm gonna have to turn it like this this
is a photo of the dock outside of my
cabin that's really pretty a picture of
a bobber in the water I'm a great shot
actually uh I remember taking so many
and like I do nowadays but I remember
taking so many sunset photos just
thinking that they were the coolest
thing ever and then as soon as I learned
how to edit it was over you just wait
we're gonna get to the Instagram photos
here and as soon as I learned how to
edit it was over in a bad way for the
longest time it ruined all of the photos
I was taking
see this is so picturesque this is very
much more of a photo I would take
nowadays it shows a setting there's a
little bit of a story going on also fun
fact it looks like the first girl I ever
kissed liked this photo so I guess
technically I set this up and I had my
dad take the photo cuz I don't think
this is on a tripod so I guess this
isn't technically my photography but I
set it up it was my idea and I remember
thinking it was so cool this one
definitely has a filter on it because I
remember putting a fill
and thinking again it was like
automatically cooler this was taking the
2009 by the way fast forward a year
everything is ruined I remember taking
this photo and thinking it was so cool a
jumpring photo into the lake it was like
perfectly centered the colors were
bright but it's so lame and jumping
ahead here's a picture of 2011 I believe
I was in Sydney Australia this one is
pretty bad that like the tilt is off the
composition is off but what I like about
it is the color I love that yellow that
yellow pop is really really nice I had
an idea
there was an idea there folks this one
my gun the same thing I did the rule of
thirds really nice the dog in the lower
corner but it's overexposed and frankly
there's just like too much going on I
think if it worked sunset and this guy
was all blue that would be much prettier
and if I cropped it so that weird pole
wasn't in the way it's still a pretty
photo though and then the year when
things were ruined January 1st 2012 one
of my first photos on Instagram here's a
picture of Christmas lights with a
horrible photo frame around it and
horrible editing it's so dark and it's
so boring I think Instagram secretly
ruined my oh god look at this way again
same thing this is a picture of a sunset
but those it's like not pretty I clearly
just turned up the saturation there's so
many trees in the way you can't even see
the freakin sunset oh but you know the
caption was sunset through the trees so
I got points for being deep back in 2012
this next one oh this is actually like
an interesting story this is one of my
first photos I took when I moved to
California so this is down in Santa
Monica in 2012 some railroad tracks some
palm trees I had never seen California
before so at the time it was all brand
new to me everything was super
picturesque and really beautiful but
again like it's overexposed if you've
been to Santa Monica
like the most basic a spotter you could
take so yeah 2012 still in LA I still
have a fascination with palm trees I
think it's because growing up in the
Midwest palm trees were like the epitome
of luxury and vacation so I remember
when I first moved to LA and again still
everyday I see them I just think they're
like the most interesting thing also
somewhat a constant reminder of home
because they're the exact opposite of
where I grew up we have a picture of
fireworks which I remember thinking was
so cool because it was perfectly
centered and super colorful but all
those little spark flares I used to
think it was so cool it's not cool this
is exactly what most of my Instagram was
at that time I used to put these fake
light flares and oversaturate and use
whatever Instagram filter they had at
the time bitch it was probably Valencia
oh god this is like I probably got so
much inspiration from tumblr because
tumblr was so new and cool at the time
and again I grew up in a small town no
one knew what any of these things were
so that's also why I had such a
fascination with it it's actually
gag-worthy oh this one's pretty I
believe I was going to school and this
was a picture of my college campus right
when the leaves are changing composition
is pretty good but again the filters
just ruined photos at that time this
photo would have been so much prettier
if it were natural so again pretty but
this is like not photography half of
this isn't photography this is me this
is me leading up to hopefully I don't
even know if I'm a photographer nowadays
and then I used to take photos like this
I mean again like the lighting is nice
in this I stole the idea from tumblr but
it's just
it's just so cringe may 2013 we are at
LACMA LACMA there's this really cool
Museum here in Los Angeles that has
these really famous light poles there's
a whole little square of these light
poles that are lit up and they're really
romantic so seeing them for the first
time was really romantic and beautiful
again it's generic because a million
people have taken this photo but I like
how its tilted I could have done so many
more basic things with it but it's the
actual idea it's there it's there
oh this isn't this isn't Swaziland I
think maybe God it would have been so
helpful if I used the locations function
I really like this a really long stretch
it makes me wonder what's down that road
it's not overly colorful I didn't put
much of the filter on it good job that's
beautiful basic but like cute we have a
bunch of colorful koi I don't like all
the little foam things on the top that
kind of creeps me out of it I don't know
why it makes me uncomfortable
I probably would have facetune those out
nowadays this is that cannon beach in
Oregon this is really pretty Thea this
is someone's random house I used to
dream about buying and living in that
house just because it was so picturesque
and it was right by the beach I still
kind of dream about living in that house
and weird right this is San Francisco
and 2014 it was raining so it would have
been much better for where I'm just just
a cloudy day or just a sunny day because
on the right side you can see things are
quite distorted and I probably did some
weird editing that made them look the
way they look but the fact that that bit
comes in front of it and then it's
turn and the red and the blue yeah
that's great nice this was in Milan Oh
Italy I miss Italy most of these last
ones have been phone photos just cuz
their Instagram I like to think a lot of
these last ones like if I at the time
was really into photography and I had a
real camera and I wasn't just into it on
my phone so I like to think of it like
if this concept or if this photo was
taken professionally could it be good
and this was definitely the idea of the
two people different colored umbrellas
walking out of the frame
they're like lies a little bit of a
mystery where are they going what are
they to each other it looks like they're
holding hands
it's raining but there's no overexposure
beautiful history architecture oh it's
romantic Oh Italy it's so pretty
a little bit too saturated but pretty I
think this is a photo from the UK of
ducks again a little bit too saturated
but pretty and like that's that's kind
of that's kind of that's it I'm mildly
impressed here I thought I was just
gonna say I was the prettiest
photographer in the world and like I am
I'm not that good I'm definitely getting
better I'm taking the dark be more
seriously in that if I'm doing a real
photo shoot I photograph a lot more
people nowadays but I still do a lot of
that same like it's funny to see I have
clear themes and I have clear ideas I
still follow to this day I haven't
changed too much in that sense but
definitely what I get from looking back
is that having a budget to have better
equipment definitely helps it's
definitely not the most important thing
but it helps as you can tell because a
lot of these images are probably pretty
blurry you don't need the most expensive
camera but it helps to have options
depending upon what you're shooting
you're shooting a landscape to have more
of a wider lens if you're photographing
a person it kind of
but normally you'd want more close-up
portrait lens or like a lot of the
photos I've been doing recently I just
use a film camera and just kind of go
for it it's more about setting up the
photo and taking the perfect shot then
attempting to fix it and post I think a
lot of my early photos was just me
quickly snapping a pic and then assuming
it would be fine but nowadays I have to
remind myself to slow down and if I see
something I want to take a photo up
don't just quickly snap something and
run away
set it up make sure it's perfect and
then I won't have to do a lot of work
later
yeah that's so interesting Wow look at
me I really have so much fun with
photography nowadays it's it's weird to
call myself a photographer at all I feel
like oddly pretentious saying that and
I'm sure seeing a lot of these
everyone's gonna be rolling your eyes
like you're not a photographer you post
Instagram photos which fair enough
that's definitely a valid opinion which
I would agree with depending upon the
day depending upon how high or low my
self-esteem is I would agree or disagree
with you I just had a campaign launch
with Kenneth Cole it literally just
launched yesterday I didn't even plan to
talk about this in this video but it
just started going up I got to
photograph Kenneth Cole's pride campaign
I did a lot of help with casting lgbtq+
people trying to fill all those
categories as much as possible so we
have a very beautiful diverse group of
people represented in this campaign
since it was for a brand I had to keep
it in their style turned out really cool
and it's gonna be on freaking billboards
which is so cool so yeah my photography
has gone from being in small town fairs
to now being on Billboard's wow what an
unintentional full-circle moment hi mom
okay cool um if you enjoyed this video
make sure to go click that like button
if you want more photography videos also
click that like button and leave a
comment down below what you want me to
talk about I love you guys I hope you
enjoyed me rambling
and I will see you sometime soon I'm
sure if you're having a great week and
again if you enjoyed this video make
sure to thumbs up Dave cobbler
do-do-do-do you guys are far away this
time
