bang bang bang bang hey what's up you
guys so today I am here with Joseph Joe
so yes I realized that Joe and I have
never collab nice ground break I don't
know why I thought it'd be their Chuck's
degree I think I'm just like a little
kid I guess 7 year old uh so today I
thought it would be fun and funny for us
to do the body part touching challenge
oh cool I've never this before either
this is easy life is a weird place
what a cool challenge touch my body
challenge my body right Mary yeah this
realizes a face mark on the window you
see it yeah I think the challenge is
pretty self-explanatory so I guess we
just go just straight into it just do it
let's touch each other just touch each
other here the guys do you go first okay
blindfold it well you really all we need
is a blindfold I'll think about my buddy
puffs go so many interesting bhishma to
choose for us I have so many body parts
this is scary
don't do anything your mother would but
if you'll watch it I'm sorry if we're
about to say oh my god alright gonna
hold your hand up what are you what are
you gonna put in there ready yeah this
is the most of the scary sexual thing in
the world that I don't like it you can
take carried away stick to the area like
a do is it just a crease between like
your thumb and your finger or something
you're very close is it the crease
between one of your fingers oh it's
right here
yes let the crease of a race you really
personal you have a really soft wrist so
I thank you know it Sampath you felt
like your turn let's see okay you ready
yeah me one finger but it's cold it's a
bit clammy
oh is it multiple ways that is it
between your toes yeah
thank God there's a little one not
Ibanez I have to leave how dare you
that's high I was literally like this go
ahead
oh I'm cold because I'm nervous any one
thing oh my god is this your lips is it
it's definitely your face this is so
weird
it's your chin yeah yeah it was my
double triple chin
oh my can you make first there you go
thumb now a wild Caspar Lee appears
you're gonna do walked in like two
seconds ago you to walk down some weird
hey where's Mike Michael my entire face
okay you look like a biker
me Marvin Davison was is that your nose
no teeth hum wedding there I know that's
nice yeah yeah we got a lot of
discussion about your ears recently oh
my team is not yeah so Joe apparently
sent me a picture of his a year whole
and I never got I did and I was horribly
disappointed and so he deemed it to me
we didn't have a
but we have a t-shirt that looks like a
van Dalen so the next best thing
yeah if I find out of my face too tight
I can't see anything oh no really I know
what it is you gotta guess it yeah that
was it mr. J little holy shit
Jimmy's know I always get when it pulls
out on camera yeah weird okay
Casper keeps walking in situation yeah
in your mouth no do for the video for
the video - that'd be gross you know the
opportunity you guys thanks man take a
quick break this is the big one that
could be taken in so many ways this is
the big one I'm already very interested
in are you ready no I don't think I am
what is it that way let's go okay
it's gone did it retract inside you yeah
this is so great it's yours
it's your atoms that yeah
it was mojo example I think it runs off
it moves all right okay moving come on
last round today I got to look at myself
in the mirror and realize that my head's
just grown my head expands you're not
helping this don't they know they know
ready no it's your belly button again no
that's little fuckin cheeks is it that
better because it yeah
I have no idea it's like my fingers like
nested it right in there it's like it's
not your button no that's fine oh it's a
crease between your two days already put
a finger in it but but so I hope you
guys enjoyed this little video if you
did make sure for the big thumbs up and
if you did enjoy it we did another video
on John's channel yes we did
what if he's you Joe we've got a little
Q&A everyone loves a good Q&A but it's
fun because they can't do things ghosts
answer question yes you get what
intruding very stuck in there's secrets
babies and lots more anything lipstick
yeah nice so if you do want to see that
video go to click Joe space or click the
link in the downbar and go check it out
give it a thumbs up and subscribe
because Joe is one of the most creative
youtubers out there and I'm not even
blush it's true the true but I think
that's it again if you did enjoy this
video make sure with a big thumbs up
leave a comment below please subscribe
to you bye
