rude hey what's up you guys so today I'm
here with random Miranda your new baby
it's my new baby shop that it was a good
luck John she's supposed to catch it and
eat it you want very very spicy very
spicy so yes so today I'm here with
Miranda sings and we decided that we
wanted to film a collab for you guys so
I know that Miranda is the queen of
relationship I am the queen I have lots
of BAE's sure lots of boyfriends you're
my newest I'm very excited about this
relationship I feel like a collectible
to be honest well you kind of are I'm
Dean Joey Graceffa I guess huh Tyler
Oakley with Dylan John 20 TV Anthony and
Alfie deyes the list goes on and on very
popular girl very popular so going on
with that we thought we would tell you
some ways to get your crush to like you
because I got mine to like me yes I got
mine to like me so we're at spots yeah
we know what we're talking about listen
to us very good some of your hair is in
my mouth okay
so we thought it would be best to tell
you all these tips to getting your crush
to like you here we go step number one
make sure you look good cuz it gotta
look good in French if you want your
press to like you I always look really
attractive
I was lawfully singing my ear is always
nice we both dress really conservatively
is cutie I like your kitten thank you I
love my kitten so we've already got this
one down to Lincoln that's what cats do
when you love each other
are you a cat they lick each other's
wounds come on step number two by now
we're your crush likes I'd like it too
because that's how you get people to
like you yeah you lie and say you like
the same
so for example I love squeaky things so
I love squishy things I do not like
spicy things I like spicy no you don't
were supposed to like the same what
about broccoli
I don't like boggling I do it you don't
like football yes we don't like football
together this is why we're the perfect
couple
perfect broccoli and football are
Eugenia mean no one even likes that you
love eBay step number three
drink some go send them a flirty video
I'm really good at this one I'm always
sending a sexy video you're not sending
them to me yes I am are you kidding me I
just sended you want so everyone loves
to receive a good flirty video and
personally I like to send this on the
Skype quick out what about you me to my
love spank bank I got an inch so my
favorite part about sky quick is that
there are no logins no usernames no
passwords because I would forget all
that stuff you just use each other's
phone numbers
mm-hmm I got your number baby so if I
send you something that's inappropriate
I can delete it oh good I don't want to
see any of that maybe sometimes I do I
think sometimes I do this is a camera
off I don't want them to
than me whatever you want babe hmm a
challenge I'm gonna send you a message
hello BAE I love you so much thank you
yeah scent I just got a message from
Colonel so have you do a bit of flirting
that leads us to step number four make
them a present Rosie would you get me
the best present you can give your crush
is you need to combine everything you
like into one thing I suggest making a
card just putting stuff on it oh that's
a good idea simple candies no mystery
lights good thing it's not flickering at
me a seizure I sure wouldn't even as a
hammer honey my favorite kind of shame
step number 5 Marlene thank you you
prepared this whole time to make
yourself perfect for your BAE now you
got to show up at their door and show
them you love them yes I love this stamp
show up unexpectedly it's like when you
showed up at my house last week yes I
did it and I tried on your clothes yep
yes her eyes are very tantalizing thank
you after you show up they're gonna be
super impressed because putting all that
effort and you guys are fall in love and
get married on the pavilion but with no
other base I'm the bay well you know I'm
your only babe but I have lots of things
agree to disagree so there you go
everybody that is 5 ways for you to get
your crush to like you back it's perfect
I hope it works work like a choice it
definitely will mother got me her very
legitimate steps I'm certified Miranda's
even more certified that's why she has
all her bed
yes true follow it live it subscribe for
more okay rolling back to step 3 so in
that portion we mentioned Skype quick
and this is her new favorite app Skype
quick is from the creators of Skype and
it's basically a video messaging app
that you can send videos to your friends
and have a conversation mm-hmm so it's
easy because you get to share videos
with your friends at you to laugh and
chat in a nice group messaging you send
videos back and forth to one of your
friends I'm sending them to random this
clip a couple of the year and if you
don't want to delete the message right
away it'll delete by itself in just two
weeks saving the environment
saving the room on your phone another
cool feature is that if you like filming
yourself you can also flip it and film
something in front of you like your
tones or the doors or the cat or the
coffee though I know you like your
coffee like I like my women mmm Frank
see the little bass cinnamon on top and
another cool function is that you can
core these twelve quick videos and
they're pre-recorded messages that you
can send whatever you want it's a high I
just had a poop yeah that's a good one
something I want you all the time I love
it
so if you yourself want to download the
Skype quick app click the link below and
special thing if you download it and
send a special video message you get a
special amazing prize involving us
involving the two of us
okay but that's it Fantine stupid to me
I still have your arm hair in my mouth I
got your lipstick on my arm true love so
guys if you did enjoy this video make
sure but I think thumbs up and leave a
comment below what is your best tip for
getting your crush to like you back we
want to know also we did a video on
Miranda's channel what do we do right
well you know I just talked about my new
BAE and I talked about how you can keep
the sprites up in your relationships
everyone needs a good fights in their
religion
it's really gone go check it out let's
check it out give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you've never subscribed to
Miranda because are you kidding me
you borrow me subscribe to both amongst
if you're not one name minik are you
doing rude hmm okay that's it so make
sure this video big thumbs up leave a
comment subscribe
