you know normally I like to hide from my
past and just kind of pretend it didn't
happen but today we're gonna be looking
at it together
so get ready hey what's up you guys it's
Connor you know like most people I have
a lot of pictures
there's selfies that's what they are and
a lot of those pictures are on Facebook
profile pictures they're my old profile
pictures and they're really really
embarrassing and regardless of how much
I don't want to do this because I'm just
trying to block out the bad memories
today I'm gonna be going through all of
my old facebook profile pictures showing
you guys them
god damn it by the way I got this idea
from my friend thatcherjoe and you
should definitely check out his video
I'll put the link in the downbar but
let's just get right into it
okay logging on to the good old book of
face book the book of my face yeah oh
just kidding this most recent profile
picture yeah okay let's see here how do
I even get to my profile pictures I
don't use this website a lot profile
pictures I have a hundred and four
there's a lot of potential for bad
things to be in here let's go oh my god
I remember this Oh memories so this is
apparently my first facebook profile
picture and it's of me and a bunch of my
swim friends and we had this like fun
day at swim team practice thing we like
got to dress up in weird stuff and like
just play in the water and there I am
smack dab in the middle with my long
hair I think I may have braces I can't
tell how that was just so much Rach t'v
you can't even see myself in this one Oh
looks like I like that picture again cuz
hello its back oh I was so skinny and
not muscular at all cool you can
literally see my ribs I needed to eat
somebody give me a burrito oh my God
look at my double chin I'm working and
I'm working the double chin you know
this is probably from one of my trips to
Las Vegas because I have family that
lives there all the way back in 2008
what a simpler time and that is my
sister and we are just working the
front-facing camera yes oh my god okay
first of all this is my best friend ally
she's gonna cut my videos a long time
ago I need to get her in a recent video
give this video a thumbs up if you want
me to do the best friend tag with Ally
but we did this thing where we were like
trying to be all emo and stuff I was
like using her hair to cover my face and
be all dark and we had that that angle
though that upper angle god oh my god
look at my hair I had the beeper cut and
went to the Olympic Trials and that is a
swimmers name is Brendan Hansen I met
him cool again from the Olympic Trials
that's right friend Jacob we've been
like really good friends since
kindergarten so whoo again was my sister
we were in the mountains in Montana
getting our hike on this is the point in
my life where I started to like really
thin out cuz there was a point which I
none of these pictures really show where
I was like chubby but at this point it
was like when I was like skinny and I
looked like kind of like a twig but I
still had that haircut I had all of the
bangs beach pic very casual beach pic
just me looking up like hey in the
tunnel or in a tunnel this is such a
great shot of my face so good I think
this is when I got my first MacBook and
I was like playing around with the
photobooth effects and I was doing the
split-screen one apparently I thought it
was very cool I'm ashamed to be me
sometimes okay people we were into 2009
that's my friend Kirsten and my friend
Douglas swimming buddies more photo
booth things so wow I can't believe I
put the three profile picture me and my
friend Kirsten were like coloring and a
Hello Kitty coloring book and we made
the kitty a drug addict who is
in the grocery store what are we even
doing why were we color I get a Hello
Kitty book it's like making it vulgar
like they're smoking and they're pooping
and oh my God we're so weird just
casually being a mermaid on the top of a
soda machine it's an average Friday for
me more swimming stuff look at that body
doh whoa we just have to wear like tight
suits for swimming cuz he makes you go
faster obviously and I have a full body
one look at me go but I still had that
mop for hair so here we are
oh that's actually cute because that's
my friend Dena and she just got married
like literally she just got married
today memories oh this is me and all my
siblings doing a jumping pic into our
lake not our lake but I like the way the
cabin
wouldn't that be cool on the lake okay
I'm just getting really off-track I
remember using iPhone and Edna's photo
for like the longest time
and then I up the saturation and as you
can tell we are very orange we look tan
I don't know I also thought okay if you
zoom in on my right hand and my
brother's arm it looks like we're like
are connected and it looked really
really weird I was the only part I hated
about that picture so yeah we're
mountains this is my first discover the
website face and hole that is a really
interesting name for a website this is
again me and my friend gusta and my swim
coach's wife made these hats and Houston
and I thought they're really cool so
you're just taking a little casual
duckface induces pick get on my level
I've been doing that since 2009 there's
me being weird in the car I'm trying to
be a really cool car and really
cool and here is a legitimate selfie oh
it's not my birthday or upload this on
my birthday why was it changing my
profile picture on my birthday I
definitely didn't take this on my
birthday I've still got the mop haircut
I think I've only had this haircut for a
year too so I guess I've had the mop
haircut for like my entire life oh no
braces though oh yeah
bears me running and sweating and I'm
dying and oh my god I can't believe I'm
gonna put this on the internet why did I
make this my profile picture I look like
I'm literally dying like I am dead I'm
sweating about the collapse but I mean I
like em in shape maybe that's why I'm
Harry Potter whoo my lifelong dream uh
why did I do this I think it was Harry
Potter day at my school which is
apparently a thing oh my god yep that's
embarrassing so one day me and so my
friends decided to like have a fake
photo shoot and like be all dramatic and
stuff but I remember uploading this
without a caption explaining myself that
like this was a joke
definitely looks like I was trying to be
a model even though my cheeks and nose
are just very red Oh kitty
it sees that as a Connor Franta Facebook
profile picture oh man a kitty it's all
I look for my life laughs hey look I'm
naked I'm naked but I probably made this
my profile picture because I actually
it's like somewhat abs without flexing
my brains out these are me and most of
my best friends
missiles guys anytime I go home I see
all of them and we all still hang out
we're all still great friends and I
don't know memories I think that's the
year that I once stayed in the mile he
doesn't know I was a state champion of
the mile for swimming yeah that's a fact
it was a lot of work oh my god though
I'm gonna block out that memory manis
Noda oh you know just just look at my
friend's face why is this my profile
picture and why is it sideways I just
don't I don't know I switched it I
understood that I did it wrong I
switched it me and a leg and we're duck
face in it
or at least I am me and a cat again an
airbrush Quiznos badge sunglasses
pictures kind of everything to me so got
that haircut whoa cool angle there hope
that I didn't tell someone to take this
picture but it's in the past it's 2010
we need to like move forward here okay
wait this was at the national swim meet
and I was supposed to be like Hugh
Hefner and my friend Kayla was supposed
to be my Playboy bunny
she wore fishnets and put her leg up on
me what prom I had a lot of hair it from
oh my god this is a senior picture of
mine oh look at me I was also a rep for
senior pictures like apparently I was
good enough to be a rep for senior
pictures I don't know why I'm literally
showing nipple on a facebook profile
picture there's something wrong with
this the caption is stop looking at my
boobs that was funny
hey oh you know just casually putting my
foot on the anchor that my brothers are
trying to lift I ruin everything
this is so me though then trying to do
something gonna be ruining it that's the
type of sibling I am like enough ish
this picture does actually embody
everything that I am weird I'm really
weird bark doing some cool flips flips
and tricks okay I'm just I'm done with
this I'm done with this okay guys I only
got to 2010 so that was only like three
years worth of Facebook profile pictures
so there are plenty more lots of
embarrassment things the internet does
not need to see oh yeah but okay so if
you did enjoy this video and you enjoyed
seeing a little bit of an embarrassing
past please give it a thumbs up
just please and if you want to see the
rest of the pictures because I can
easily do a part two to this video also
give it a thumbs up if I get enough
maybe I'll do it maybe okay and I just
have something for the comments okay so
I want all of you to go back and look at
your
Facebook profile picture and leave a
comment down below describing what it is
and what you're doing oh I can't wait to
read these comments but yeah so make
sure to go check out my merch follow me
on all my social media websites click
Subscribe so much embarrassment I can't
handle it
