hmm hey what's up you guys it's Connor
the beautiful paint the windows they're
everywhere
so much wood ok guys so this week I'm
brought back to you with a very
requested video requested requested
remember it's been a couple months so I
think I'm due for another ask Connor
Ashe tire I can't talk today asking
Connor let's do it what do you plan on
doing for New Year's
well I fly back home the day after New
Year's so probably not that much most
likely just hanging out with a bunch of
friends chillin celebrating the new year
ok let's be real I don't have any
friends hello could you go a day without
drinking any coffee yes that's
ridiculous I don't even know what you're
talking about to my Christmas tree I was
too busy being done to mine weirdest
dream you've ever had
ok so fun fact about me I can lucid
dream I've told you guys this before but
basically what I can do is that I know I
am dreaming and I can control my dreams
so there's a lot of times right my dream
just chilling and I realize I'm dreaming
and then I just like throw myself off a
building cuz why the not which that goes
down how many people have you kissed in
your lifetime wait wait hint hint I had
to think about this one and I've
realized I I can't really count I'm not
a slut I swear
yeah hold it against me are you over
your fear of spiders you have no do you
like winter or summer better that's your
question fall do you look yourself up on
the Internet yes self-centered as it
sounds I do I'm on tumblr all the time
and I'm always looking up my name so
yeah you ever have anything tag me
follow me on tumblr because my blog is
fantastic why because I said so how do
you handle people you don't like I don't
know I just ignore them or something
your basic I don't like you where are
there any books that you read or listen
to off of audible.com slash Connor any
recommendations so the other day I went
out and bought the Perks of Being a
Wallflower movie a lot of you know that
is my favorite movie so I had to own a
copy and I realized I've never actually
read the book so this works perfect I
will be downloading and listening to
that book this month and honestly don't
you think I can put into words how much
I like this book so just go read it if
you go over to audible.com slash Connor
and sign up you get one book free highly
recommend you download this book but if
you don't want to there's a hundred
and different other ones a little
sometimes I talked so fast I don't even
know what I'm saying
but yes go over to audible.com slash
Connor and listen to a book for
knowledge and stuff what would you do if
your needs got leaked well that was a
change of topic it would either go
something like this
you know or I would just pull a dylan
sprouse and just kind of tweet about it
because why not really why not embrace
your stupid decision and let the world
know are you feeling fab today
totes oh well what is the best time to
eat all the time
talk dirty to me okay I think I can do
this you got a little mud on your face
right there do you ship yourself with
anyone I'm gonna leave this one up to
you guys who do you shoot me with leave
in the comments below what does your
last text to your mom say this should be
interesting I find it kind of awkward
that I haven't texted my mom in a week
okay my last text set on our way back
with this photo oh you cannot see that
at all pop it up on the screen or
something Connor and she responded with
okay I'm novel by the Franta I should
make that into a movie
would you ever kill someone if it came
to it I'm a good person and killing it's
a sin but yes I totally would okay you
guys that's it so I hope you enjoyed
this episode of ask Connor if you did
make sure the big thumbs up and of
course leave any other questions in the
comments below and I'll try to answer
them for you as best as I can make sure
to go click on that down bar and follow
me on all my social media websites check
out my emerg check out my second channel
all those link will be in the downbar
below you like a penis not a penis and
this is my last video of 2013 so I will
see you on the other side get ready
things are gonna change just a little
bit I don't know if I could tell you but
other than that
