hey what's up you guys back in the good
old rooms funny because the last time I
filmed a gay questions video it was
right here
planned she plans feel like this is
oddly high let me adjust even better
fect a while back I did a video where I
answered lgbtq+ questions some about my
past some of my present some that we're
just advice or just for fun but sit here
I am ready to answer your gay questions
these questions are so gay
I simply cannot do you have any
embarrassing date stories starting it
off with a bang in all honesty I don't
go on many dates and it just so happens
the most people I find myself liking are
already people that I'm like friends
with so it's almost like we skipped the
first date because we already know each
other but the closest thing to this
answer that I can think about or to
answer this question one time I went on
a date with a boy and within like the
first 10 seconds of meeting him he just
called himself boring that's the first
word he used to describe himself so from
there it was just pretty downhill how
old were you and you had your first boy
crush I honestly have no idea I mean
like what I really think back to it I
feel like I had a crush on so many of my
friends growing up down to like when I
was four I like went looking back to it
I think I had a weird obsession with
them to the point where it was like it
was a crush I really wanted to be around
them purely because I liked them more
than a friend but also when you're young
it's like so innocent and you don't know
that it's a crush yeah
maybe like for kindergarten like hot is
it difficult being LGBTQ plus I've
always wondered I think the way that I
see it is that yes of course it is
difficult being the minority are being
discriminated is obviously a difficult
thing that comes with being gay or bi or
transgender but the way I see it is that
everything is difficult it's difficult
for people of all different religions
all different races all different
sexualities mental health physical
disabilities everyone has baggage
everyone has something that is difficult
in their lives so yeah I mean it's
definitely difficult at times to be a
part of the community mostly from
outside sources but then I just remember
has it hard yikes but it's also great
it's fun okay next question can you
explain the difference between bisexual
and pansexual because many people don't
seem to understand
I should have prefaced this video by
saying I don't know everything so feel
free to kindly educate me in the
comments down below if I make any errors
but so from what I understand if you are
bisexual you like both men and women and
if you're a pansexual you're attracted
to everyone you're attracted to all
types of people it's almost like the
physical embodiment of a person doesn't
matter it's more that you're attracted
to just people no matter what their
sexuality is or gender identity if you
look up the prefix pan
it literally means all I love that I
think that sounds lovely what do you
think of clubs such as the GSA so for
all of you that don't know the GSA is
the Gay Straight Alliance I think
they're great
I had a GSA growing up in my high school
but at the time I was so deeply closeted
and so ignorant that I thought the GSA
was only for people who are LGBTQ Plus
which is completely wrong if you have a
GSA anyone can be a part of it it's
literally the Gay Straight Alliance
anyone can be a part of it I think
they're great I think they're great for
finding a community of like-minded
people for rallying around certain
topics they're great to bring up topics
to your school I think they're fantastic
and I definitely can't recommend enough
I really wish I joined the GSA when I
was in school I'll put a link down below
if you don't have a GSA in your school
you can make one it's really not that
difficult to go make one go start the
club go start the club after coming out
who inspired your fashion sense this is
a perfect time to let you guys know that
this video is actually sponsored by
Calvin Klein this is a dream I'm not
kidding this is literally a dream of
mine so I'm in this thing called the
days 100 and the days 100 is in
collaboration with Calvin Klein so I
went to London just the other day with
Calvin Klein for the day's 100 in
promotion uh tada their new scent the
common Klein has always had this scent
called CK one but they just released
this new scent called CK all and I
you not I have proof I have been using
this scent for literally a year still
have half the bottle left the fact that
I'm sponsored with something that I have
been using for a year is just amazing oh
yeah so I went to the day's 100 with
Kevin Kline and
it was absolutely fantastic the party
was really cool London has far better
parties than America
and going to the question I wore all
Calvin Klein but I wore a woman's cutoff
jacket why am I not thinking a vest I
wore a vest and it was like a cropped
vest and I looked cute as hell
that's a basically Calvin Klein released
this new scent it smells of citrus wood
and amber it smells so good I'm
definitely switching to this one I love
both but this one is good and the great
part about both of these are they are
gender-neutral
I love gender-neutral things Oh Oh God
Calvin Klein and a little tagline for
these rb1 be all just be if you want
more info on these all leave the link
down below this is so cool but so to
answer your question in a nutshell after
that tangent after coming out it just
inspired me to literally just be myself
whatever version of myself that I feel
like being in that day so now every time
I go into a clothing store I always look
at the men's section and the women's
section that has become a thing that I
do in almost every clothing store I go
into just to see because half the time I
find something really cute in the
women's section and it fits me cuz I'm
kind of small as a person so yeah coming
out has just expanded my fashion
horizons did you admire people who were
openly gay as a child I'm gonna take it
as when I was growing up did I admire
people who were open about their
sexuality
I actually was so afraid of sexuality
that I almost ignored them for a really
large chunk of my childhood it was up
until I was like 14 or 15 that I truly
thought about gay people and started
looking in to gay people it sounds so
weird it's I'm like literally
researching them on my computer but me
and present-day
oh my god they're like my heroes I
totally admire anyone who's open about
their sexuality but I also just kids who
are open about their sexuality I didn't
have enough courage to do that so I
think those people are strong courageous
just amazing incredible people I find
them so inspiring
if you did drag what would your drag
name be first of all can I just give the
quickest amount of praise to RuPaul's
Drag Race my favorite show in existence
season 9 he's at nine I was discussing
this with my friends the other day and
my drag name would either be this is the
one they came up with my friends want to
call me just
Conny with an exclamation point just
Connie but I also came up with a drag
named agave Maria which is it's just
like funny and it's also very regal
sweet like honey if you have an idea for
a drag name for me leave in the comments
down below is my sexuality something I
should always tell people that's totally
up to you you definitely don't have to
tell people if you don't want to you
don't have to bring it up every time you
meet someone new for me it's been
several years so I'm super comfortable
with my sexuality so I usually just
slide a comment in there somewhere you'd
be surprised at how often people talk
about girls or boys and usually when
someone talks about a boy in some way
I'll just throw in okay Thomas I gonna
be like oh my god he's so cute
I actually don't do that I'll just throw
in some sort of comment that basically
says I like men thoughts on kids in
school throwing around offensive slurs
just to be cool it's so annoying it was
obviously just ridiculous and really sad
and it just speaks of ignorance they
don't know what that word means and for
some reason they've been taught that
it's negative so if you find yourself in
a situation like that try to educate the
people or person if you feel comfortable
you'd be surprised at how lasting it is
to call someone out on something that
they're being insensitive about even in
like a really nice way it's really
lasting have you been to any gay bars
recently I have I've been travelling a
decent amount recently and it's funny
when I travel I love to go to gay bars I
feel like they are the one place that I
know will be semi consistent if that
makes sense
I just feel happy being in gay bars and
I feel so comfortable being in gay bars
it's almost like a breath of fresh air
when you walk in just because you know
who's going to be in there
kind of I mean you really don't but I
feel like I do every time I go to a new
city I just find myself going to a gay
bar with friends with like no agenda
just going and having a drink or talking
to people I don't know if they yes I
have I've been to one in London I've
been to some in New York LA I sound like
such dude how do I tell my mom my
boyfriend is actually my girlfriend I'm
assuming you haven't come out to your
mom yet so obviously if you feel
comfortable I feel like it's a
convenient way to come out to your
family bring it up as a question like
that
so mom remember my boyfriend yes honey
it's
so it's actually my girlfriend Oh tell
me about her
it could go something like that you
never know that's how my mom reacted
kind of after I came out to her then she
was like are you seeing anybody
she was very beyond sweet about it so
you'd be surprised
okay that's um that's pretty much it
those were some gay questions I
absolutely love doing these videos I
think they're so fun and they just seem
like a big help to you guys so if you
enjoyed the video make sure you big
thumbs up and leave some more questions
like those in the comments down below if
you are unaware my book comes out in
just a few days if you click the link
down below and pre-order my book it will
be to you in just a few days that is
insane click the link down below go -
note to self by Connor com pre-order
your book these please please please
please I worked for so long on this also
I am going on tour so if you want to
come meet me on - or make sure to click
the link down below as well
note to self - were calm but that's
pretty much all I got I love you guys
and I'll see you next week bye
