hi long time no see how's it going I'm
Connor I feel like I've been around the
world and back in the past month that I
haven't uploaded to you most of you at
this point who watched these follow my
Twitter or my Instagram so you know
where I've been I didn't die I'm pretty
sure 90% of you are aware of that we're
already off to a great start
death jokes right in the beginning in
the past month I've been on a few trips
that have allowed me to do a little
soul-searching and spoiler alert no soul
found or at least I just I haven't found
what I'm looking for I don't even know
what I'm looking for if I'm being honest
I went to Kenya for a volunteer trip I
met up with my little brother who's in
the Peace Corps in Portugal I was home
in Minnesota for my birthday so again I
really do feel like I've been around the
world and back in just the past month
and I'm home in Los Angeles right now
but I go to New York tomorrow so again
no complaining no bragging no nothing
that's just what's been going on one of
the major things I'm realizing slowly is
that I put other people's unsung
expectations on myself all the time like
I feel guilty for not doing certain
things because I assume people are
thinking that I should be doing set
things I'm not sure if that makes sense
but I think I assume certain people have
certain expectations of me when I don't
think that's true everyone has their own
shit going on everyone is worried about
themselves and even if anyone is focused
on me or worried about me it's my life I
can do what I want
so the foresaid trips I wanted to film a
ton of content during said trips I
wanted to film a ton of content spoiler
alert no content was filmed anyone know
why cuz I didn't fuckin want to because
I was enjoying myself which is something
that I wanted to do so why does it
matter what I think other people wanted
me to do I don't I feel like half of the
time I'm Lee
this double life where I'm trying to
meet other people's expectations when I
just need to meet my own it's my own
life
why am I not living it for myself there
are tons of exceptions to that rule and
also this is gonna completely contradict
that but another thing I realized on all
these trips I want to do more good I
want to do more for other people I want
to find a way where I feel fulfilled but
I'm also giving back to people I've been
pursuing a lot of philanthropic
endeavors and doing a lot of
volunteering over the past month and I'm
going to be doing some more in the next
month and I'm just I'm realizing really
quickly that I get I get I get a lot of
joy out of that I don't physically get
anything out of it again it's just me
volunteering my time or me volunteering
my social platform to various charities
to help promote something but I
I feel good after doing that and I don't
feel good all the time but I know I do
feel good when I do certain things like
that but then I feel guilty
because I I start to think what other
people think like I get caught up in
this spiral of me thinking that other
people think I don't do anything or that
I don't do enough when I'm like why do I
care I know I do a lot I don't have to
convince anyone that I'm a good person
just cuz I know I'm a good person but I
get caught up in everything and I need
to honestly reassess my personal values
and what I personally want to get out of
my life and stop adding other people
into the equation because again I know
I'm a good person so I know I'm gonna
add the right people into my equation
and the other ones just don't matter so
yeah that's where I've been at I'm
honestly doing really good I feel I feel
really great I know what it feels like
to feel really bad and this is nowhere
near that this is just simple confusion
I wanted to post a video because I
probably goes a little more sincere and
I don't know if I can get that across
in a long tweet or dozens of extended
Instagram posts I have my marathon
coming up in two weeks
I ran 20 miles in Portugal and I ran 20
miles 21 miles
other day here in Los Angeles and I've
been focusing on that because that makes
me feel really good girl who knew that I
would enjoy running that far for all
those wondering that takes hours out of
your day where you're just you're just
running you're you're running for no
real reason
towards no real goal you just keep
running by myself I I've been doing this
whole thing by myself I don't know where
that motivation or determination is
coming from but it's there and I feel it
and I am so excited I haven't even
finished my first marathon but I'm
already getting all these ideas of doing
a marathon on every continent and I'm
like where the fuck is this idea coming
from who is this person god damn me the
legendary
there's gonna be actually a lot more
meaningful content coming up I have some
videos coming out about the volunteer
work I've been doing I have some videos
coming about coming out about the
marathon that I'm running about kind of
healthy living how I trained for a
marathon how I'm doing it I have some
LGBT content that I also want to make
and I also have done a lot of work with
some really cool brands it's gonna come
out as well so yeah just a whole
spectrum of stuff a lot of stuff I'm
proud of a lot of work that has meaning
to it with anything just meaning to me
personally and that's honestly that's
what I'm going to try to channel into
everything I'm doing I need to find
greater meaning and what I'm doing
because otherwise it's just it's just
senseless noise and a lot of the world
and a lot of the content being put into
it is so mean and pointed and aggressive
and I don't want to partake in that I
want to make the world a better place
and I want to put good into the world I
don't want to make it a worse place it's
already bad enough and even if that
doesn't get me a lot of views or a lot
of likes or people don't care as much
anymore I don't care I want to live a
life that I care about so yeah a fair
update things we've learned Connor has
been to Africa Connor has run 21 miles
with his amazing Peace Corps brother in
Portugal
Connor celebrated his birthday with his
aunt his mom his dad and his sister like
a legend and ideally Connor is gonna
meet Bill Gates in New York this weekend
which would be
also I made hummus the other day and I'm
probably gonna make banana bread today
I'm killing it
okay this update is done this
after-school special is complete this
PSA is over I love you stay tuned for
more and I'll see you next time
