hello hi how are you seven days ago I
decided to conduct a little experiment
according to my calculations I haven't
been using my time wisely
I've known this about myself for a while
but I just continue to deny it
hi my name is Connor Franta and I am
fully addicted to social media there I
said it when I say I'm addicted to
social media I mean that I just
mindlessly scroll through Twitter and
Instagram and YouTube too much girl I
need to calm down I wanted to give
myself a little challenge and delete
social media from my phone and see if I
feel any different a week later note a
little asterisks here
I think quit social media for a week I
did not go on it for a week I really
tried to push myself back so I wasn't
going to be on it on my phone and I was
also gonna try my hardest not to be on
it on my computer but since social media
is essentially my job I couldn't not
participate for a full week always gotta
pay his bills okay honestly thank God
for how low res this is because I'm
disheveled I'm assuming I'm going to be
explaining this in an overarching
voiceover a voice from the heavens
myself
the narrator above yeah yeah we get it
move on it's Monday it's the morning and
I am going to delete my social media
apps from my phone for the first time I
legitimately have never done this I have
always had Twitter Facebook Instagram
YouTube all of it on my phone and I
think it personally has become a major
problem in my life I mindlessly scroll
on this thing for hours a day hours
hours that I could be doing literally
anything else anything else would be
more productive so here we go
we're gonna try this it's a little
experiment boom there goes Twitter there
goes Facebook there goes Instagram
there goes you - voila there God I feel
both a giant weight lifted off my
shoulders and a mass amount of anxiety
falling upon me it sounds like a typical
Monday to me I'm interested to see how
many times I go to pick up my phone and
be like oh wait there's nothing there
what do I do now work healthy productive
things in my life concentrate on myself
oh boy okay
I gotta go get some groceries and pick
up film and go rock climbing bye bitches
day one was just really weird the entire
day I just kept forgetting what I was
doing and it wasn't until I opened my
phone and that home screen was half
empty that I remembered that I had put
myself in a sort of purgatory I was one
layer closer to hell that I normally am
it was just weird just a really weird
day ignore my wounded hands I just got
back from rock climbing not to brag but
I'm a jock I've already started to
notice how many times I reach for my
phone just because I'm an uncomfortable
or just because I'm bored frankly I was
waiting for my friends to get to the gym
and I of course just pulled my phone out
and I was like touching where the apps
used to be where the social media apps
used to be and of course they're no
longer there so I was like oh what
do I do
but I was like oh I guess I guess I'll
read the news I learned about mosquitoes
I learned a little bit more about the
wildfires in California and then a
couple articles about shoes
so I mean only some of it was
educational and then I was checking out
at a grocery store and I did the same
thing I just found myself on my phone as
if I was gonna go to Twitter but it
wasn't there and I didn't even realize
that that's what I was doing it's so
mindless it's so interesting quickly too
because when I would take my phone out I
would feel less socially awkward just
standing there waiting and then when I
would take it out and nothing would be
there and I couldn't go on my phone I
would feel even more socially awkward so
that is just a lovely plus that's
today's takeaway I've been brainwashed
day two had fully set in what I had set
myself up to finally stuff I myself
going to my phone and tapping where the
apps were and then
in my brain it would finally click like
oh yeah what am i doing I felt like a
robot I felt like I was participating in
something I didn't even know I was
participating in half the time it's like
when you lay on your couch to binge
watch a show and at one point you just
kind of sit up and you're like oh it's
dark outside how did this happen how did
I get here
I think this was my attempt at making
some sort of relatable analogy to how
time flies when you're doing nothing but
honestly I don't really know wow she
beautiful it's day 2 and I'm still
having the ghost problem there has got
to be a scientific term for this ghost
thumbs that's the scientific terminology
yeah don't go on urban dictionary and
look up what I just said it means
something completely different but also
I've just noticed that when I go to use
my social media like when I go to use
Twitter or check Instagram and then I
realize that I can't I'm like okay what
can I do at this time and then I'm like
hella productive I've read a lot more
again I'm so up-to-date with the news
I've got all my work done ahead of time
so it's been kind of positive but also I
just I miss it as much as it's wasting
my time I can't help but miss it goodbye
for now after it finally said end that I
wasn't going to be participating in
social media for a week I started to use
my time more wisely it was essentially
like someone forcing me to be like okay
well you can't have candies so you might
as well eat broccoli please no more
horrible similes metaphors or analogies
so I started doing my work faster and
exercising even more than I normally do
go morning normally I'd lay in bed for a
solid thirty minutes to an hour just
scrolling on my phone but since I don't
have Twitter and Instagram and Facebook
and all of that on my phone at the
moment I just get up that's a little bit
go back to sleep but at the same time I
don't want to do that so I guess I'm
just gonna get up on time or early I
read the news so frequently because it
it gave me it's I feel like a drug
addict it gave me this
sense of satisfaction of like opening up
an app and scrolling Cod I'm a full
addict so let's go through my news app
and catch myself up I've never read the
New York Times more than this week what
is going on
there's just drama on this block this is
too much drama for a Wednesday out for a
walk
using my time wisely the Realty is I've
been procrastinating all day some things
never change the most basic update here
is that I find myself cheating like I am
actively cheating on this video find
myself justifying it in weird ways I
find myself being like well I'm you know
it's not on my phone but I can use it on
my computer at this time or I find
myself just lying and pretending that I
need to be on it for some work-related
it's all lies I'm a big liar you're
playing the system and you're playing
yourself my biggest takeaway so far is
that I think I'm genuinely addicted like
it there's something in my brain that
feels like it needs social media or it
needs the gratification that comes from
posting things on social media or
getting likes or comments or interacting
with people to be continued something
odd started happening towards the end of
the week I started feeling a little bit
more left out I went to my friend's
house a couple times and people were on
their phones or people were talking
about Instagram and Twitter and and
using their phone to show something and
I couldn't do that and I know that
sounds kind of lame and a little bit
silly but I couldn't participate so it
felt it just felt weird isolated and
then since I was allowing myself to post
some things throughout the week like
quickly download the app and then post
something and delete the app and then I
would feel a little bit sad because I
wanted I wanted the interaction like I
wanted to read the comments or see if my
friends had responded to whatever it is
I posted but I couldn't do that so I
felt disconnected
and then I would get over it really
quickly not gonna lie but there was that
initial distance I felt from from
relationships that I have mindless
growing aside the communal aspect of the
internet and social media in general is
something that I missed the most at this
point it was something that I was
craving that little other connection you
can have with people throughout your day
just purely to be ironic to things I've
noticed today one definitely still more
productive I'm spending less time
mindlessly scrolling and more time doing
just little things very normal little
things that need to get done that I can
easily put off or pretend don't exist
but now there's there's no reason not to
do them there's nothing that's going to
distract me I'm just like I might as
well get it done laundry take out the
trash
get the mail clean the counters come on
team mid-20s couple other things my
anxiety levels today and just in general
this week are oddly very low and I don't
know if I can attribute that to this
experiment whatever this is I don't know
if I can necessarily attribute the
scientist in me is like that it's not a
part of the results we cannot conclude
that yet this voice but yeah my anxiety
levels are very low I'm very calm this
week and especially today I just feel
like like chill and happy and free I'm
wearing a tank top I'm out sighs got
back from another walk bitch I'm killing
it yeah that's the thing the one thing I
did post yesterday I felt certain levels
of feeling left out or a FOMO of sorts
because the thing that I posted I just I
felt like my friends might respond to it
it was like an eight part commentary on
a planet Earth 2 episode I'm acting as
if I posted something deep personal and
sentimental
upon further review I completely justify
my feelings so for a while there I felt
less connected to people so that was an
odd negative to this experiment that I
totally forgot would be a part of it
like obviously Twitter Instagram
Facebook YouTube everything just
connects me to more people and my
friends in a different way so if I'm not
posting to it or if I'm not on it all
the time I'm going to be left out of
certain things I'll just be a little bit
more out of the loop yeah that's um
that's the tech way it's really dark I
gotta go also towards the end of the
week I started accepting the fact that
when I wake up I don't need to scroll on
Twitter or Instagram for 30 minutes 45
minutes an hour I can just get up like
this morning it's a weekend I got up
within 5 minutes of waking up because I
had nothing to do and I fully accepted
that and again it sounds a little bit
sad but I haven't done that in years
years is a bit of a stretch normally I
scroll on my phone for at least 15
minutes for you know a little bit but
but this week I gonna do that I don't
want to get up yet but normally be on my
phone for like a solid 30 minutes but I
can't do that I shouldn't go back to
sleep I'm just gonna get up no that's
cool and creepy where's my neck I'm
missing that I miss Instagram stories
and that was pretty much the week I
think to fully participate in this I
would have to completely go cold turkey
I'm a vegetarian and caught on social
media for my life for at least two weeks
to really have some sort of big
conclusion or to really tell you how I
feel or if I feel differently I'm a
little bit too mindless when I'm using
my phone I feel like I need to be more
aware and have the purpose I should just
feel every second I'm not doing
something with with useless scrolling I
waste so much time just scrolling for
nothing and laying on the couch or
laying
that in the morning and it's just it's
wasted time I feel like I could do
literally anything else that it would be
more productive and again that's no hate
to Instagram I what I realized at the
end of the week as well is that I
 love Instagram and I love
Twitter I missed seeing what people were
doing on their insta stories all the
time I missed seeing what people were
talking about on my timeline or looking
at Twitter moments to see what was going
on in the world in that very moment I
missed that I felt disconnected which
again is the main point of social media
is to connect people so as much as I
felt guilty for using it too much I
realized why use it a lot is because
it's it's a good thing and I biggest
take away from this little experiment is
that everything is good moderation I
need to make sure that I'm not on it all
the time but it's okay to be on it
sometimes okay now I want to hear from
you guys what is the longest you've ever
gone without being on social media or
without being on the internet how do you
feel when you're on it how do you feel
when you're off it please let me know
I've seen a lot of people talking about
how it's all very exhausting and we feel
very overwhelmed a lot and I think
that's the reason why initially I wanted
to do this video in the first place the
world goes so quickly and it's so easy
to be overwhelmed by it all so enjoying
the silence was really therapeutic
frankly have you ever felt that are you
going to try this if you're gonna try
this actually let me know in the
comments down below and then after your
seven days do tweet me at Connor Franta
and let me know what your biggest
takeaways were all the things
oh and very quickly I forgot to say my
new is compilation and my comic culture
compilation series just came out if you
want to go grab a physical version of
the CD with 12 amazing songs from 12
amazing artists that I curated myself go
check it out I put it out through my
record label heard well and the goal of
it is to essentially give new artists a
voice so if you want to go check that
out link will be down below along with
everything else I love you I think
you're great you're pretty cool and I'll
see you next time I can enjoy the video
make sure big thumbs up in kampala
