hey what's up you guys hello hi how you
doing I'm gonna start this video off by
immediately pointing out that I'm
wearing a pin in the shape of a coffee
cup barium Bradbury me I'm also wearing
blue and have a candle lit over there I
don't know if I've ever pointed this out
either I hung that up the other day and
I'm constantly afraid that it's gonna
fall on me at night constantly afraid
okay so this week I did a thing
basically I want us to do another Q&A
with you guys but I want to do it a
little bit differently recently I've had
a bunch of you guys sending me these
like update videos and they are so cute
there's videos of you guys and it's
really nice to actually see the faces by
and the Twitter handles and the
personalities behind the Twitter handles
so for this week's Q&A I only accepted
video questions yeah pretty much it
okay here we go you guys probably know
this it would be avocado toast avocado
toast is currently my favorite food and
it's decently healthy for you as a
health nut
I appreciate something that tastes good
but also won't kill me so avocado toast
it is I have listened to lemonade and
actually took me a couple days and I'm
going to say that that was bad of me but
I eventually listen to it and I love my
current favorite songs are hold up sorry
freedom and Daddy lessons also can we
just take a moment to appreciate the
fact that Beyonce single-handedly
revived the lemon emoji
I could never or maybe I could I'm
reviving this emoji what are your
thoughts on the hashtag that started
trending how to try and give us a
girlfriend do you think Disney you
should see them to thought do you think
they should actually give us a
girlfriend maybe who knows to Gatewood
says I mean I actually only briefly saw
this the other day but obviously I think
that's amazing imagine an LGBTQ I
princess or Prince that would be
incredible I think it would especially
be incredible for younger kids to see on
the screen like me I would have loved
that growing up to see a gay prince on
the screen and then I could have been
like oh my god I could be negate Prince
one day maybe I'll be a gay Prince
that's just like freshness this is the
reason why I love these videos one I
love moms you know that too when I found
this question I thought it was well it's
not a question first of all but I
thought it was so funny and so hilarious
and so sweet it is a very delicious
candle that's bad promo it's not that
candle but you get it want the common
culture candle go to calm and culture Co
I know that Nicola is which is really
exciting
for all of you that do not know Nicola
is my sister and my sister is gonna be
spending some time with me this summer
here in LA and she's actually been to LA
so we don't need to necessarily do the
touristy things but I guarantee we are
going to be eating a lot because she's a
chef and probably running a lot because
she's also a runner but one thing that I
really want her to do with me and to
teach me is to teach me how to cook coz
I'm not really the best cook I know how
to do I know I know some stuff but my
goal is for her to leave this summer and
for me to be able to cook I guess
decently well some things have like a
recipe book and be able to read it I
definitely want to go on tour in some
capacity sometime soon I'll be so honest
with you and say that I have nothing
planned as of now but I do miss it and I
miss meeting you guys and I miss going
places so I will definitely be going on
tour sometime in the future
mine ain't your book neither
oh my god who is this grandma who let
her ask this question no nope
I'm no tell me how your freakin
Pentatonix concert with that took a
twist you were so nice and then you
somehow got so shady hippie one thanks
for getting my new book too it was
incredible first and foremost I've been
a huge fan of pentatonix
for years now something like that a
really really long time so to finally be
able to see them in concert for the
first time blew me away each and every
one of them are just so talented and the
concert highlights them in their own way
and highlights them as individuals and
that was a group and I just I loved it
so if you have a chance go to the
Panasonic store because so as you guys
know I frequently work with audible.com
Armel is a leading provider of
audiobooks with over 250,000 different
ones and this week's book that I would
like to recommend to you guys was
actually recommended to me by my friend
will it's called reasons to stay alive
by Matt hi Mike hey I think I'm probably
butchered his last name so far it is a
really really interesting beautiful book
I'm not quite finished listening to it
yet but I 10 pretend recommend so far
you guys head over to audible.com slash
Connor you can get a free 30-day trial
then you can listen to that book if you
want it or you can listen to any other
book but again that's all a little
complex Connor read them my heart oh so
cute oh my god I want a child I don't
quite like the slugs portion I'm kind of
okay with you not showing me the slug
funny you should ask that question I
actually had a huge debate with a person
the other week about whether or not a
bagel is a sandwich bread + bread or
something in the middle equals sandwich
liquid in a bowl is a soup cereal is a
suit start the debate in the comments
below
just drop that bomb and walk away just
walk away slowly
goodbye where did you get the
inspiration to make the amazing into
products for common culture love you
back they're so cute oh my god I get my
inspiration from comic culture from just
kind of everything but one place I
actually get a lot of inspiration for
clothing designs and just things in
general is actually museums I find a lot
of inspiration in our
and looking at past art to inspire
future art by also a lot of times if I
need some sort of creative inspiration
I'll just go to a museum kind of similar
and one of the questions we had before
but the best part of our tour was
honestly just being able to go places
meeting you guys and the whole
experience of tour was amazing but just
like it's an excuse to travel so many
new places my book tour went all around
Australia all around the United States
and all around the UK just because I go
to book and I know writing a book is a
big deal but it was like it was just
like a cool bonus when I wrote the book
I never thought about the tour would be
a part of it necessarily I don't know it
was just a cool bonus to be able to
travel so many places so they wrote a
little book that I really hope to do
that again really soon okay that's it
here we are
get em listen comfy I probably should
have sat like my hair is something like
can we like wait a minute
yep but uh that was fun I definitely
think I'm going to do that more often
you guys are all freaking adorable
that's all I'm gonna say if you want to
check out anything I talked about the
video including common culture the new
common culture compilation those links
will be down below new products are
always being put out so I totally
recommend you follow that also just
follow me and all my other social media
websites those be down below too but uh
other than that I think I'm gonna go if
you enjoyed this video make sure big
thumbs up leave a couple over bye
