hey what's up you guys so this week I'm
here with Jim Chapman yeah Jim is a
familiar face one time two times one
time a year ago
flashback insert clip Jim is visiting
from London England and I'm still a
horrible attack sounds like accent
challenge and the whisper Jail yeah very
bad at both last time we filmed not on
my channel but on Jim Shelley from the
whisper challenge and we're both really
bad he was all but fun but Jim's getting
better as we found out in his video I'm
still horrible we're gonna do pickup
lines we're gonna whisper pickup lines I
think I've done this with Tyler once
we're gonna whisper British pickup lines
to me and American pickup lines Jim and
then just see where this day takes us
who knows I may divorce my wife oh and
you and I may be gang um I'll take it
permit let's go shirt winner I feel like
and what's your what's your point should
we do 1975 1975 not nice in fact Taylor
Swift what am I really in 1970 it's cuz
they're about 1989 if you don't have it
I think I know I should know I don't
know my Tanya is it that's blasphemy by
the way that you don't have that I
really like that you're the only person
in the world ever you like it yeah yeah
yeah sure sure sure
ready show you incredible things go you
make me harder and the question I did
that thing where I was looking at your
eyes I forget that I can't have you you
make me harder
this is dirty I feel like you make me
harder yeah mm-hmm that a question
you make me harder than a crotch no I
you'll be harder for you I don't know
where is that you make me harder you
make me harder than them a question a
question Orson yeah on University
challenge on the first day University on
the University on University Challenge
change challenge challenge yeah you make
me harder than a question on the
university challenge or on University
what's university yeah and therein lies
the problem - TV show where they get
university students like from Oxford
against Cambridge oh ok ok well I mean
that I can see that being a real start
off with an easy one please ok my god
wrong because you go no ready are you
from Tennessee because you're the only
ten I see
No are you from Tennessee are you from
Texas different state Tennessee because
I know this because you're the only ten
I see there you go
I know I was like I'll start off easy
yeah that one you can understand versus
the British one's life you know you've
ramped up there last time on my
beginning you made it much easier yes
you're doing it
I know I stopped you like easy times
teach you in Tennessee it's because we
already put my water your channel and
you did well so now I need to make
myself look better and I want to change
the song get the best part about this
album there's not a bad song on it there
is one I don't like shake it off
well I must shake that comment oh I'm
off the tune okay this one's very sure
can I take you up the shard Tanya
something
I can't believe Tanya has a pickup line
for herself can I can I thank you thank
you
can I take you up the shop to the stars
the Shan the Shah can I take you up the
Shah of the Schad do can I take you up
the British Shah wait what's up last
word shocked a child no Julia Child is
it Julia Child British that's the chef
Oh oh my god no I didn't take culinary I
feel like I know everybody yes I don't
remember I have phones I can't even hear
a word you're saying can I take you up
the British no can I take you of The
Shard is a very famous building in
London
oh wait like a shot of bluffs oh okay
yeah have you done that I haven't no
because then well get bring your wife up
the sharp shot please did you like all
right
Oh all right some you as history ready
for this well did you invent the
airplane cuz you seem right to me it's
not too clear did you invent the
airplane thank you in invent the
airplane the heimlich airplane at night
oh my god you're too good cuz because
you you seem like to me it seemed right
to do that the airplane because you
seemed right to me something you'll give
me a wings man you're not making it any
clearer I'm right right cuz you did you
write the airplane you see because you
write me the end what cuz you seem right
to me did you invent the airplane
because you can write to me close enough
I'll take it because you seem right to
me
do you invented airplane oh right
brothers
I mean that's not leave even if you
haven't got headphones on I know that's
always just look but it's it's funny
okay I'm trying to go historical here
out of the woods Jack Antonoff Taylor
Swift good every time I knew that the
curl moves closer to you
it's another short one it's short yeah
thank God you make me wetter than
Somerset start all over you make me wet
sir that's you make me wet wet with
exhaustion you make you make me wet with
exhaustion another thought I could pick
up on no it doesn't do it focus okay
what you make me wetter so wet so that
wet
yeah where is what you make me wet you
make me wet on wet tub you make me
wetter yeah man
Somerset then mr. Tumnus that's honestly
what I thought you said you make me
wetter than summer sent salmon summer
towels so much that summer chose some
effect summer says some extent summer
sex why is this so hard suspect
second what is that sometimes why do I
not know any of these British pickup
line
all of these are Somerset is a place and
it rains when all that there you go but
this summer tip I learned three new
things today three things you should
never say to an American truly because
they've got no idea I'm about to throw
one that you can use okay although you
should not be using them because you're
married correct
oh yeah little would you know we have a
know me out of the woods hey baby
on a scale of 1 to America how free are
you tonight
not one more paint baby hey maybe I'm
scale of 1 to America so about 1 on a
scale of 1 to America want to marry on a
scale of 1 to 1 to America marry America
Barry
Amerika Amerika Humphrey are you tonight
how free how you how free thank you guys
panting I'd be like hey or if you're
really desperate just at a normal bar
just walking like to everyone literally
everyone that wasn't that bad we did I
did way worse than your channel though
you teach I didn't way worse way WAY
worse at least I got the beginnings of
your jobs but I didn't make those jokes
up truly googled them I forced you to go
with the theme because I love a good
theme if you love a good theme make sure
to give this video a thumbs up there we
go transition also if you want to go
check out Jim's channel we did a video
on two engines
Champy's it's very similar either go
click jim's face click subscribe click
like on this video check it all out yeah
I think we're gonna go if you enjoyed
the video fix them big thumbs up why can
I not top if you did enjoy the video
make sure pick comes up new couple bike
