craving it Emily's jerking I just
couldn't be bothered to put it on today
so guys you know there's only three
episodes left of the heavy of a bad man
short so I wanted it to be something
special
everyone was always like why don't you
do bad I believe is why don't you do bad
Bob Lewis you should really do bad bad
bloopers but do you know how long it's
gonna take for me to go through like a
thousand videos extract some bloopers
it's gonna take time but there's only
three episodes left and I wanted to make
it special but I decided to spend the
last three days going through all the
footages
of all the shots that we've done for
Batman series 1 and here it is guys the
bloopers for Batman series what enjoy
the unprofessionalism hey he has brought
a shame I'm begging you give me one more
reason muscle thank you now every time I
see your face all I think about is
wanting to thank you oh sure in the game
is silent yet enthusiastic yes
but didn't your mom not the Busan nah
she basically just used to sold on eBay
and me to Pipe a profit Oh just build
this woman that's why so not failure
okay honey you would be I'll write that
down
yeah would you write anything that well
good one what it'd be a housewife
do you ever cook
yeah we got we got no problem
how could somebody have a name like
Snoozeville
fair enough yeah that's stupid what's
your name my name's Rebecca okay what's
your name my name is Rebecca Rebecca
sell your normal name your name you
don't come on yeah
why
I'm gonna do that slowly Diigo action
please love being in the sea I think for
this decoration I think you said for an
integration I said intubation you did I
think he's here for the integration I
think just yet for the integration I
think he's here for the integration
I don't I'm sorry okay so what's your
name okay oh because uh and I don't want
any confusion I would just like to use
like my nickname instead okay
already I really like to get in there
Katie
I don't have it yet
bloob it is so fun to watch in it I love
watching people fail especially when
it's in myself to the wait I guess guys
if you want season till you make sure
you like the video and make sure you
comment down below what you want to see
from not only Batman series too but also
the last two episodes of Diary of a bad
man Schwartz the next one coming out in
two weeks on a Friday so guys I look
forward to going through the comments
take care and yeah Madeline Beijing it
yeah man winters a mistress maybe I'll
just buy one extra life no no no no
winter is amino you gonna take this
