let me get straight to the point yeah so
as you know every Sunday I make a new
video
Oh last month I didn't do around the
video so why did I win on twitter follow
me on Twitter Brad Brad well I need all
my followers to ask me anything that
they want to know about me I have never
ever done a Q&A so I'm quite excited cuz
I've never done it before
you may be a great lead to interact with
the fans so I guess for interactive now
yay
I promise you I will not do that again I
need a girlfriend man I mean a wife
cause kill your friends or harm one of
Anjana
but everyone always asks me that and I'm
like what ha
and only recently I found out I've been
wearing this hat this whole time not
even know it was on my head but why wear
hats all the time like it's my hijab my
man he Jordan and now every video I'm
always wearing this hat now for it was
like the best idea ever
until I filmed in summer of what dump a
key was a hat in summer and I only got
one of his chanda hide the only good one
it's curious thing hmm well I seen a gin
once like you know a demon like I was in
someone's house and I woke up and he
actually looked like you know Gollum
from Lord of the Rings
and it was on the wall I was thinking
now I the hell are you on the wolf am
you gotta get my friends war daddy bro
then I was already scared its kind of
widows oh just like oh there's a demon
on the wall that's quite cool I guess
follow it oh that's a stalkerish
question but I live in London a lot of
people think that I live up north oh no
I live in South London hope of the
Stubbings
if you've never been south London before
then graduations yeah it's not a place
to go for your honeymoon wallow is fun
after thinking about every single
comedian there is out there I would say
that it would have to be me I'm not
happy only one of Anjana the only
good one right now
King porn tikka masala and I'm following
jolly good fun a lot of people don't
know this but after school and I went to
quitting college and I did two years of
quitting college like performing arts
after I've got a GM beacuse nap I did
two years in Kingston college where I
did the BTech National Diploma go into
audience my drama school and and about
the reenacting and afterwards are four
okay as an actor as a comedian I could
do auditions but I've only just like end
up in a stereotyped role like being a
terrorist on a plane shouting Allah what
l'herbe times so I wanted to do my own
thing I wanted to be creative so I
started making YouTube videos and I just
wanted to get someone's attention you
know like an agent or a director for
someone who could point me to the right
direction but we actually did was make
me famous and with all my videos I
always tried to have a positive message
let's definitely change my life robber
went Nando's yester that wolf wings free
guy was like oh that YouTube guy right
I'm like damn right what do you want
fries free wings brother I'll make it
for yes enough time planner I'm the only
one
one okay I've done shows all around the
UK but I have to say one of my favorites
is definitely Island I love the people
the people are so friendly and I can't
wait to go back though yeah my answer
would be ninety seven attend one of
Anjana fun
he needs to invest in a comb and I'm
following Jana Gana mana is without a
doubt the best question I've ever heard
in my life I'm just gonna text Optimus
Prime because you obviously think that I
know the Transformers personally because
I do YouTube videos so let me just ask
him in it here one of agenda I don't
wanna listen if this guy wanted me to
sign his phone battery why what about
paper and stuff like where's cool man I
love you even if you're crazy
follow me Jana that's easy the under
seven girls Lahore football team Napoli
it's awesome
come on are so carvone are stop one of
agenda that's easy
I'll just high five a few aunties I
don't like I just be touching baby water
all night come here haters high five i
buy a yacht and the only con pollo
agenda hi to all my fans are the ones
that keep me going that every time they
would tweet me or they would comment on
my Instagram pic or they leave a nice
comment on my youtube channel
the fan mail the thousands and thousands
of messages that again not that love and
that positivity that keeps me going and
you generally say hand on heart that
cleaner I love the fans more than
anything
knowing emotionally they just happened
have coffee because it's empty follow it
Jana I only got one yes cuz I'm buff
good I'm Jared no I didn't wanna win
okay my favorite ice cream has to be
haagen-dazs and it's either Scoobies and
cream or pralines and cream and I don't
even think that I pronounce pralines
properly I don't even is pralines
pralines I don't know I just look at the
picture in it bar those two one of
agenda fun everyone else's questions
like I don't know why you don't have an
obsession with my hair follow me on
instagram and you'll see big pictures of
my hair one minute moustache one of me
as a puss rah
I don't know why I posted that one I'm
followin one I was doing what most Asian
kids do by force working at your dad's
shop for free it's quite funny because
the new show that I just released
bubblegum and that's actually owned by
my dad and I was young I used to work
there for my dad and help him out and it
just brings back memories every time I'm
this and to make now a sitcom about it's
just this is the best wallowing Jana
good fun my mom is actually not as
violent as she is in the diary of a bad
man videos she's actually worse now
she's actually the nicest person in the
world I mean she's really down to earth
always helps me she like she's not my
best friend I love her so much
so for mom and dad I'm really really
funny like I think that's where I when I
get from and she probably loves me
that's proper remedy
can you let you know my fans basically
they're doing a Q&A and they want to
hear your voice I can he just you know
your voice
hums as an aid yet yeah okay
okay um I love you shut up yes it's
gonna come any minute enjoy sound and
play
I can have walked on the stairs so I
hope you enjoyed the Q&A you know what
I'm making this again cuz this was quite
fun lot and don't forget like
