Hodel you Kashmiri John besides now the
moment of truth who is the employee of
the month
yes yes I'm killing it yes okay now in
the blooper we have a lot we have the
only yes what is wrong with you your
parents there is you differently now in
the red corner we Harkavy the only dark
improve of Asia mr. Dodd thanks for
being that like it bloody shit now the
employee of the one in normal along with
us
I'm excited we're excited yeah and super
cow I bumped Urbana are you okay now yes
so mr. yeah fine then okay
anyway as I say the employee of yours
don't have a do that hurry up
I can't you see that and the winner is
yeah congratulations to me oh my god
what I thought three years in a row is
crazy
I think I want to pry the shock of it
you know I had no idea I mean I didn't
think I've been well I I kind of had a
hunch you know when I wrote down I am
the winner but still feel like a bloody
slower congratulate me bloody loser
Bobby well you know happy I bloody cheat
you like bloody kings you blind fresh
boss what why we never wind implies the
month oh my little baby why you know in
the employ of the man you you see the
problem with YouTube is that you're not
vigilant
no but me I have complete awareness of
my surroundings I see everything I feel
everything when the press make me feel I
don't know understands tell me here
something's not right
like you know spider sense no spider-man
I was fight or none yeah yeah pack in
Rawalpindi no sees you to be yeah I'm
CCTV but with extremely good hair sorry
now get that ha can you show come on
bloody tracked it down of upon awareness
yet stupid teeth anyway I see everything
I understand my situation you know what
I'm like I'm like you know the x-ray you
know the x-ray vision this is me you
know and when you go to the airport and
then they can see all your billion your
bomb in subtly I can see you really
right now this is me
your vans very small I do this nothing
gets cost me nothing
what
yeah on your black Oh
we of course don't my talking about that
you can see by the sign your black we
will allow you hang on I'm going to show
you new customer service welcome to the
bubble gum side welcome to the bubble
gum pink of it can be bloody ha oh fuck
sorry sir oh we have these in the shop
dude come here sir let me show you the
bubble gum ha ha ha it's so sad lately
oh my god oh my god Sam but what is this
you've obviously bought this on another
day in the shop and a union so let me
get you a big bag ha ha good be Shia
come on let's go I love this show yes
ha ha ha what are the best bet is about
the best damn SMS ok what does you need
hey do you guys sell was yes children's
Nick Nichols is them why would you mean
why kind of - Commodore Shaw and our
children make it like you know I'm sorry
sweetie I saw Sam sorry I'm so sorry
you are my tie I mean like we should all
have children's niggaz in our pockets at
all times
let me go and find them some villains
because it's not okay that Lisa I'm so
sorry it's ok it's ok as you just stated
hey one of our job no
okay guys guys um you know I obviously
know this because I'm employee of the
month
yes but basically um just out of
curiosity do we sell children Snickers
boss they sold out ah that's going to
cost is where I need to change it the
kids that didn't pick it
no no I got what we need to do yet it's
being into books and to audacity yeah we
go to audacity
I mean you find a little create a nice
little kid and then we can look it ha ha
we do that one you want the body do not
the body or you will the body don't you
flip a coin all right what we basically
do then is you take the children liquor
and then we set to this fine young
gentleman ha ha ha
what do you think huh first I want to
cheer listen why do you take this one
good
you're right off with you always richer
than thickest this is a real man this
could be the future employee of the
month
yes yes Oh take it off and give it to me
yeah be happy ha ha that's a real man
you see why don't you children sick is
very freak ha ha
force yes I have really bad feeling
about this I'd go but let me tell you
something ok I am usually a very good
judge of character
yes
no boss what I think he's stealing from
the shop
oh my gosh new for the be so long about
this man is there any proof that this
guy is up here know who can inspire
others spine look at that smile on my
face I'm shining bloody porn you know HP
quality voila
let me take another picture brother
money yeah oh nice guy yeah good
whatever under estimate my judgment said
the niggas are coming the girls
oh my good sir you don't worry about a -
if you guys could give me a hand just
take it - oh no problem no problem one
hi watch your back hug baby the only one
reporters we wanna talk haha let's go
you are so dumb but this is money good
oh oh oh what a bread the children
knickers I hate anything you should buy
this a you know I surrender goodies it's
beside it's been packed again look smell
it
nice yes you love it come on let's go
you want to be sir you know it is fine
next time I'm gonna come down and get
them right now
rock out it could help you take the bike
into the car and if we just but what
about doing the time that we spent in
the show yeah we don't know yalla garlic
brothers ah yes oh yeah yes yes but you
know what I don't need them right now if
we just help me with the bags that I
could be on my way sir like what could
sit sad no problem I'm just going to
list at your body time you blacked it
off
if didn't bite the children stickers
don't worry though he left his bags on
one arson oh my god
school uniform
you see that's I've been trying sure to
mark about
I'm good
we can sell this in the shop and we can
prove it we get them all of this oh my
god this is why I am the Employee of the
Month
yes hahaha hey man can dr. Stearn dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun don't get up
stand ha ha ha
so in the end at 6:47 kebab didn't buy
that twitterings knickers but it doesn't
matter because now at the bubble gum we
have a new policy black people are now
allowed in the ha ha because we love
black people
yes but share alike in people don't even
think about it
follow Anjana - follow agenda -
following Jam the high general to follow
is Janna hide all followers and ahead
follow us are times that when you follow
yourself but this day so is amazing with
me he's gonna be thrown in his face as
the problem
