what the rest maybe I should start
saying that line every video so that I
won't forget again yeah yeah so what's
going on my packing volumes see what I
did there
first of all I'd like to start off by
apologizing like I know this video was
supposed to come out two weeks ago and
it kind of didn't happen but you look
took it so well I've got so many nice
messages died I hope you never have kids
however from now and you need to follow
me on Twitter at home the production it
should be on the screen now every time I
have some breaking news
I usually disclose you're on Twitter
first what you need to do is follow me
on clear now yeah that right now go
about magically what a fine specimen of
a man we got two other people with the
Paki parents who don't believe in name
rents and buy that cheap that no one's
ever heard of taste like Robocop special
I'm white people are living the life in
Coronation Street since top I asked my
mom for Coronation Street now she handed
me a box and in oils cord coronation
robe and white people are rich with like
like frosty for breakfast and stuff
every Asian watching this who have
downstairs a faded blue orange box
titled
sugar flakes but you will not see tony
the tiger you'll just see like a rat on
the box right before Walker's sake
people eat crusty croc but Connor that
name is that you already saw it crisp
you have to do yourself one of those
ones real just like and there's that no
salt
they don't even have Bowl week or any
other Asian people we have supper so
howwwas yoor Pepe webbing festival
Putnam lost again some unknown games the
NIP Pro what the hell is a big net Pro
fact some unknown primary spooky most
ones are no keep the goalkeepers wearing
a saree no manager no stadium let their
home games are in a park they just put
their schoolbags
as goalposts you know one of those ones
I mean they every time someone
it was your bad that was the boss you
will get emotional
timeout guys timeout you know those
teams that have the mentality it's not
the winning that counts it's the taking
part that counts have you notice that
the teams that say that are the teams
that never win what happen oh yeah
Valentine's Day there's three types of
people on Valentine's Day
the first type you have those angry boss
are people I do not believe in
Valentine's Day it's just too
commercialized fraud it's a Western
made-up tradition and I will not be a
part of such a ridiculous downright
stupid occasion and they will always say
I don't give a crap about Valentine's
Day
the second time other genuinely
depressed people and any person from any
religion from any culture from any
tradition who realize that this person
is depressed with that universal what's
that display picture the
attention-seeking black picture of
darkness and then you go to that type
the couples we love Valentine's Day
because you get to spend it with our
loved one
and for Muslims this Valentine's Day was
the worst Remy was Angemon it
Prabhu my religious brothers will been
depressed why are you depressed actually
you shouldn't even have your friends ok
I'm sorry
she's heading hijab hello then you have
the UT Muslims robbed you know what
they're praying for angioma a lot Allah
please forgive all my sins that I'm
going to do later today after after 4
o'clock forgive me
Bob you can't really ask for forgiveness
in advance like before the sin white
people who go up to a girl and say well
wait we'll we'll just you be my
Valentines
in Pakistan it's different have you
bought the Gil and you will be like you
are my Valentine Strip followed by a
simple bag over the head and then into
the van I'm just saying
bugs tiny people can't afford vans you
just thrown on top of a cow in it you
know why I would hate a Valentine's Day
guys let's be real you know for a fact
that that France would be that you just
brought along in your mum's renault clio
ain't paying for jack let's soon as you
park outside a restaurant the deal
straight away we'll hit that bale I'm
sorry papa
try another spoonful now you can leave
your handbag in the car but just realize
this cost coming with us
play I'm gonna bring it in the
restaurant I will be like table for two
and one car and I bet you any money that
this is happened to you we let the deal
please no problem sir
yeah oh I need to go to the toilet you
what my name in Valentine's Day is like
this bloody women always wanting to hug
our flower I will kill our second
regular the only bloody flow you're
drinking is Asli on top so you can break
the bloody roti and there are some
people that don't get no flowers from
living in hope but you just find
yourself waiting for that delivery man
every time you see a Bora in uniform you
just get excited but then you're like oh
no it's just attract accorded and he's
putting a ticket in my car even though
it's in my driveway story good day Rob
when you have to buy them presents I get
one set she went to that bag say frog
you can have rub you can have their bags
Ravi how more than one line like this
one from Iceland exact design the label
bra and she turn around and she's like I
want to do a pat on and then when you
buy it for them this are complaining
homes up this is fake
it says Louisville come on what is this
for come on this is rubber on it so one
but sitting for Valentine's Day I'm
going to be watching duck duck head down
with my uncle him a forty five pm on my
phone
but the funny thing is it doesn't even
work six story proof really cool speak
and I look at the end of the day what
really counts is that we should just
stick together
you know I mean it's a boys team run
Valentine's Days are poison trust me
yeah nothing buddy no I mean yeah
in the next up oh I have a date with a
girl
any bring in spam no but the moral of
this is quite simple none of this really
matters because having a girlfriend is
Haram so stop in the straw picture
Miguel that's it that's the closest you
can get to a girlfriend on a serious
note listen I know there are a lot of
people out there that are sad they're
lonely
they're upset because they're so
desperate to find love a lot of people
out there in the world people watching
right now will do anything to find the
one
someone who's got your back that you can
complete half your being with get
married and live happily ever after but
the thing is there are a lot of people
out there that have had their hearts
broken
some people are broken your trust or you
may feel bitter from past experiences or
maybe you have learned to not trust
anyone but the message I have for you is
this is keep smiling have faith and
realize that there are good people out
there but the most important thing is to
make sure you're one of those people and
if you're a good person God will help
you and trust me everyone has a soul
mate you just have to find them here but
remember
and I'd like to live with this or the
single guys out there next Valentine's I
want you to buy the biggest bunch of
flowers you have ever seen in your life
and then I want you to get in the car
and drive off and you're probably
thinking I'm single
I don't see her I haven't found the most
important woman in my life I just don't
need to remember that you have
she's already in your life your mom that
oh you got dig this
