yo hey we're you know rough but just
left man yeah although I'm on the boss
look look here it you see the boss man
in the boss oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you are
ah cool listen hurry up here I'm waiting
for you I'm coming about two minutes two
minutes oh yeah are you brough your
fucking timing hey I'm still waiting you
know if you are not here in five minutes
here I will slap that hat off your head
cuz yeah yeah hello
thumbs up hello each other he you looked
up hey just fool bare memories you know
I used to get pegged go right there well
who's a boy school pal
yep no no but big yeah but you said you
like the vibe mr. temple man oh yeah
well he used to give me detention in
detention
how are you complaining about you get
into tension but he slapped his mum in
front of the whole class Pro from she
said hi in it and I just got scared at
the wars going on now why she's saying
hi you have to slap her in it oh my rock
might you be some big some money
oh whoa whoa don't call me some while
you rot yeah rough okay I haven't been
to the gym but don't call me some mining
in it yeah I have button
come on in because if you say someone in
free times that something bad happens
listen I know someone who's brought I
know but how cool we sum up what what
what's gonna happen yet and over no
Samar you know there's some audience who
don't pay that
Somalia's there you go nothing happened
let me Daniel Sturridge them let me bet
you stories them montina we say I'm
seeing you Peter Brown are you are blood
we love somebody's time where's the
money from a honeymoon I'm never married
fab you sure that's all you want is yeah
like I like I like so much somebody and
stuff like I mean you don't have a
football team no I like that
um hey stop I like I'm um I'm gonna have
a baby and pullet somalian a no-name
just Somalia because our spit roll
that's that's new life or Somalian ship
in Europe don't you agree yeah I love
someone so much that like my mom and I
don't even call her mom and dad are just
full of Somalis Rob you know what he
should make Somalian choice I don't get
this I don't know medias my invoice our
movie ellipsis is Dom listen come have
one fan from that party in the Caribbean
I got I got a DVD drop even this bit it
was from Somali ops Bugsy getting
stabbed second Karl
lla I don't this is some g qi listen
se√±ores dentists but what yo yo yo magic
is real it's out the line listen 3-mile
in my box and not hold the roadie man
hold on one second you should heard you
man are talking rubbish about somebody
don't smile rock yeah but this is not
funny situation everything not it's
definitely not why we'll get on one
reason if I don't why I should allow you
guys to me the way you should sang cross
yeah because yeah bro me bro
I think you out with your comedian are
not without comedian a gradient not
never Robin why would we be commuted up
yeah hold on hold on I'm sorry no no no
how are you messy brother kick you in
the face they're gonna prove it always
sang gonna happen to you man hey you
know what yeah I'm gonna be real with
you I'm gonna tell you a story
man went on a holiday in it Somalia
trust me guess why did brother you know
army and I'm rusty and other money and
Musa I'm you know some chilling with you
I got again you don't name yet I don't
Mustafar okay no honey I'm just laughing
aside a stone if you continue to store
food a cool app obviously man's a back
way you know this black man from someone
man a back where you get me so so
Mellissa to drink now you get me new
album comes out so I'll put their
headphones in I'm gonna miss it but the
missus goes
oh yeah you fat boy I used too much I
don't know
okay and you don't want yet you know my
boy his name is an auntie but I go I can
only one Somalian FBI body - you are
coming early handed over monitor oh hey
oh my oh my lord man watching it haha
let's put potassium one niggaz old itchy
so that sweet man passed the first test
oh god another test few did you guys can
be well at GCC funny guy if you're funny
nah but you think you're funny well
right listen we will spawn to do this
cuz you shall sit I'm a bad man final is
a safe house in Somalia - you know what
time it is man I need you to kill him
but he just went all pinki stuff with
him that's why your thing black no bonus
I need you to kill him and you can eat
the leaves you can do both good deal
yes do you kill it do this let's go kill
it
okay let's go you got this Oh God fuck
that's what I'm trying to do that G
thing about kill him final give me give
me a second but kill him oh so you want
me to kill in that killing I got this
here we go
Oh Kira oh yeah oh yeah
Oh Jill OH Jenna Oh Jenna
Oh Angela not the games yeah you know
man somalian fun no one
let's go kill him
come on bro I've been doing that Brock
might be limiting it what do you do
remember when you punch that someone you
mean walk away oh yeah
chillin chillin gentlemen I know leave
my money from these please and Jessie
you two used to hate Somalians and now
you're hanging about with them remember
you could after the smelly pirate and he
cried for hours hungry man
I give me some buddies or something in
it my family say eccentric in the
silence but Nicky Nicko Lane in the back
what do know me cuz I had but you did
mess up with me when you take off was
not robbed you told my dad yet the men
got an ephah Jessie I feel safe yeah
why'd your mom get ready twice twice yes
good
what is a regression regression for me
kind of depopulation that white guy go
yeah speak
voila
