happy new years blacks on again Rob how
was your New Year's my one was crap New
Year's is like like full movies they
just get crapper and crapper and
eventually you'll be like another New
Year's yeah do you remember so let's
play a game
what the hell would be scared of a
freakin transvestite doll with makeup
that's disabled on a tricycle he reminds
me of East London girls
no I'm not wearing makeup I remember one
New Year's my wife friend came up to me
and said Oh white people will always be
laughing for no reason
hahaha look Hans I know sometimes you
feel really uncomfortable because you're
a Paki and some of the lads are like
really fortress of you because you know
with although most lemak beliefs and
everything huh whew nine of you are
comfortable not until now
just a joke mate kinda racist you all
Peter Bonnie let me just check something
yeah that was racist
well this New Year's you're pouring with
us yeah oh yeah oh yeah the only move
white people know oh yeah oh yeah and
did I have fun
no never play with white people man they
just get drunk and start dancing naked
and stuff now top of a kitchen table
same freaky things like this and you say
my son double when you see my underboob
then I remember never new years my dad
was like mom dad let me tell you
something every New Year's one out with
your friends every New Year's but that
was only once why don't we celebrate the
new year together maybe I should spend
the countdown New Year's Eve with the
people but I love most
not white naked people I'm gonna stay in
with my family we're gonna do the
countdown get up from those sheep it
backis went to sleep I can do feedbacks
to lucky left let's just do it now you
know this
do not we can't do it tend to eat come
on ten nine eight seven six I know you
know yeah happy and I'm like watching
the fireworks on zdv by myself
welcomes with firework display have you
ever done a countdown with fresh people
with your fresh uncles and aunties in
the background this is how a countdown
is supposed to go five four three two I
don't know if this has ever happened to
you but has a fresh whoever done the
countdown like this 5 T 0 you don't say
0 a bit 0 beta whether you don't
celebrate your New Year's Eve with your
Chinese friends second time 30 days 19
seconds and 30 days and you hate in New
Year's but everyone what sex you perform
at she dies because everyone's what
sucking you saying
Happy New Year's and they'll just like
attach some poem to it that don't even
make sense
do I look like I read poems they tried
to make it so personal you know you've
had a rough year
inshallah we all know blessing give you
a year of happiness love affection
success cuz I believe in you I'm like ah
that's so sweet and personal but you
know she's copied and pasted into 20
other man's and I wishing me one year
happiness well that would other years
I'm not planning paid for one more year
fam and don't heal when everyone takes
you at 12 o'clock but now it's different
I'm going to text everyone one hour
before but everyone does that - now your
whole box of eleven o'clock and messes
up let me pay something whatsapp is
racist what the hell is back with us Oh
Logan effin prop that is the visual
equivalent to the word Paki I can
imagine the CEO of what the fuck little
party more fun about attending to go on
your head yes you have yes you have Nano
some of you would be like dr your resist
nobody so you tell me this when are you
ever going to use that picture in a
conversation
ha exactly but that is Illuminati some
Antichrist often what several yes day is
nickname for an Asian wedding and you
don't know who the writing room is and
you just sitting there very confused I'm
allowed to eat cuz I don't even know
them from this one out here came up to
me and she actually had the nerve to
Penniman and say front of everyone
loud speak on everything I'm sorry
putting on too much weight and then I'm
thinking you can talk rough you're so
fat your swap amis has faded because you
got so much flap inside it squeeze that
alder color the flap squeeze die or the
color of my auntie so fat that when she
West needs herself but she not self that
that would be wait when she must needs
her child
he comes out let me say I sent me what
the hell is this mother my bum was
shagged bro one trying to say is
generally the first has like a weird
feeling at the feeling of a screw in
your bum and you just don't know what to
do I wanted to do something different in
it so I fool laughs maybe I should like
try to get to know my sister like
bonding and stop in it yeah so um so
what's your name
howdy call you sister and stuff in it
nice face squid face medicine it you
dying if you die can add this room
there's like this one is nice - the pink
ah then I was a love this wandering man
thinking what do people actually do to
start off the year white people would be
like fantastic shot rolls bloody
brilliant
yeah black people would be a your dog
just give me the money man I've got kids
to feed eighteen kids yeah one point I
yeah and Asian people would be like
joking I'm just joking
you know it wasn't Asians there's the
American government oil in it maybe not
that kind of owe you but you say if you
don't try to Jack Asian persons or you
have you know would not window all Asian
man loved it deal brother have you seen
the clubs in belly you just seem topless
Indian man they just steal up in the
clubs
it's a serious party if Asian men could
they would drink thing but what's your
new year's resolution my New Year's
resolution is I'm not going to punch
women in the face anymore I'm going to
start kicking I am NOT going to cheat on
my wife anymore it assisted now I will
cheat on with her brother I like the way
you look at me Kanye solution is to have
a New Year's resolution from sorry don't
celebrate 30 years
no it's coping to prefer you cannot copy
the non-believers okay wearing clothes
too so doesn't mean you should walk
around naked
yes needed to start to go maybe this is
what happens when you try to take your
top over the house like I'm in space
I've only wanted to take a shop in space
like I don't know why I let my dream
it's kind of a crap dream really Happy
New Year dad
and remember make sure you accept your
pass with no regrets
handle your present with confidence and
face your future with no fear and I
would like to leave you with this
thought prophet sallal our salaam once
said whoever guides another person to a
good deed he will get a similar reward
to the one who performs it so even
though this year you want to better
yourself help others become better -
inshallah break this okay back in this
way
