my name is go self none of your bloody
business okay anyway every asian man
with a moustache has a story this is my
story I came to this country illegally
thanks France I blended in with the
tires and shit that is my story I was
raised by my uncle mr. Iqbal Hussain dat
head he was a great man he was coined he
was caring he had a heart of gold and he
would never ever hurt a fly
he was quite possibly the nicest man I
have ever met
mashallah
I then killed him and took all his money
and open my own shop cold bubblegum ha
ha ha my uncle always told me to follow
my dreams and I know deep down he would
be proud
you
they say behind every great man there is
a woman but that's bullcrap man I also
have a daughter but with the help of
special antibiotics imported from ruined
paintings she now has a moustache ha ha
why because no guys will try out on her
and second deep down inside I always
wanted a son and this is my tip stick
son I force him to wear makeup because
deep down inside I always wanted a
daughter this is one of my workers
Cam'ron and I know what you're thinking
he has more hay on his arms then Anil
Kapoor is bum crack and this is my other
work and azmuth he's so dumb that when
you say smile at the camera he won't be
able to find it this is my world my life
my bubblegum
hello honey woman ha what you making
today uh that that looks like shit hmm
does not have you like it peas are
anyway maybe darling uh I've been
thinking you know you know you've been
saying how you've been so stressed
lately and you have been no because to
you as a bloody woman you know I mean I
wake up and then you have to wake up as
well and then you have to go downstairs
and then you have to make the food for
the breakfast you know it is hard for
you and I feel this I really do feel
this so I basically decided to do
something for you to you know to make it
less stressful okay this one second let
me show you okay
yeah show me a bloody bedroom think
about it that you don't have to go
downstairs and make the food cuz you're
ready vitamins in the kitchen already
let me clever rap look you can let
somebody clean your hands get in your
hands in the bloody bedroom the kettle
is there in your bedroom yeah if it gets
really hot you can just let look just
leave this open
but er bloody AC huh bloody AC hey
bloody woman okay you were crying for me
who so many caring
so flattering the things I do for you
daddy
she's shit things at home were perfect
haha but at work things got serious both
Texas and cheetah close what okay as you
know the test scores are also selling
the children's clothes so basically what
we need to do
yes come on of course my wife left
what
why didn't you tell Arthur so sorry what
happened basically she's basically shut
your mouth
I don't care stupid shit hey first
things first
now when you want to destroy a company
you have to go deep yes very deep so
basically what I need you to do a
service is a go to Tesco outside Tesco
and do ah bloody shit ok bus okay come
on I need you to write a letter of
complaint yeah
put the disco what do you want me saying
save the store manager and try to rape
you please no in the bubble no sir
there's no way I do this equal the theme
punches I did this ticket ok ok ok
come on there are 56 spelling mistakes
their feet 56 come on Annie knows the
best thing you look smashing they're not
only that they do bunny was the spelling
is rubbish no one forget today I might
as well just close the shop and I do
YouTube videos I will never let you
stoop to that level man uncle Ali Abbas
what in me it was on TV there's a bloody
rubbish idea rubbish so stupid I'm oh
hang on why don't be making a star for
TV yeah Stas this is my idea good idea
have my ideas Meyer de force my wife
want to come back to live back with me
only if I go to see her just right now
for two minutes
please can I for two minutes
yeah that's two minutes here you know
what no but you know what I need you to
do I need you to just stay there and do
nothing for two minutes
yeah stay there don't do anything two
minutes my son dragon you are camouflage
how much do you charge what maybe if I
learn about lucky
I'm glad you buy your mom for financial
bound book man bullcrap what what are
you doing oh it's been two minutes
already
it's been two all US huh oh okay
sorry about that goal what's your wife
is it too late it's too late you could
be my cameraman go congratulations
gratulations Amitabh Bachan ha ha ha how
are you Amitabh what do you mean who
this is
you know me okay you don't know me but I
run a small shop including here
yeah bubblegum this is the bubblegum
what do you mean do we sell the rhythm
why would you sell for our arm is muddy
children shop stupid little need I was
thinking you know you could star in an
advert you know we need a professional
actor and you're kind of wrong so maybe
you can come to the land and and do the
filming without payment or this race you
don't need money
hello hello hello meat eyes me again ha
ha I think you accidentally hand up yeah
ok hello Amitabh Bachchan guess who is
me again yeah I think your reception is
really bad you know they even have
reception in India
I ain't stopped calling you you stopped
picking up mutagen something's wrong
with Lala boss yes
who's enjoyed to find the girl oh my son
I told my son that we need a hot sexy
woman no uh sexy girl do I do the ID
back so hopefully he's going to bring
one oh yes he is
oh it's a girl she's happy that's my
baby
I know it's my baby a break man
are you angry yes the baby man should
have left is to open in the house like
I'm joking I had to break in you see
this is why I want him to die fast you
know Misso died in Easter time your big
excuse can you come here for a second
yes oh thank you excuse me are you RF
early on well yeah oh okay and then
where you last month the employee of the
month in the curtain heater desk oh yeah
that's right yeah okay one second
hello and welcome to the bubble gum
they're all your dreams it was guts us
to start what what huh I need you go
toilet what what a finish
we bloody your bloody filming what's
wrong give you mine what's wrong
just go just go take it hey wait hey do
it outside disco outside this Thank You
boss this is a good idea
hello and welcome to the Bubblegum with
all your dreams and wish while you're
looking at the planning table still look
at you you're bloody clutch hello and
welcome to the Bubblegum where all your
dreams and vision you think you're
clever you can still see that you not it
any mother's son so many people in the
world are starving suffering and are
helpless they have no money food and
don't even have clean water look at this
guy he is so poor he brought and drank
2000 bottles of vodka because he's broke
there are so many people who are poor
and laid ahead but you're not poor so
come to the bubble gum and spend all
your money yeah it's too good at it's
too good
they're going to put it on a starboard
once 3 o'clock at night and no picture
or sound because they don't like the
picture and they don't like the sound
you know your opinion doesn't count just
you're lost man do some work yeah yeah
shut up this is really good ready
