let me get straight to the point right
now basically this is the situation of
time with this key point for like
obviously this is not too playful let me
just tell you the story it's obviously
the 11th spied man supposed to be out in
the next three hours I have actually
this is why I look like crap I haven't
slept for the last 24 hours
I spent about 100 hours editing this is
probably the biggest project I've ever
done with 2.4 basically what happened
was 7:30 in the morning he crushed my
mat crushed then I obviously thought
don't worry he's always yogi yogi we'll
fix everything but um now he's
scratching his his eyes in his head
because he - so max don't even have
viruses so I don't even understand so
basically two point way incoming ow
I don't even know when it's going to
come out to be honest you know if
someone out there wants to you know give
me two grand to get a new Mac then that
would be nice
all I can do is just apologize from the
bottom of my heart I'm really sorry but
you know what this is not even for the
fans this video I made this video for
iMovie because iMovie if I see you
unrolled if I see you on road
I mean what I'll do to iMovie do you see
what I'm saying we don't even have words
for your iMovie public this is a - this
are I fired I swear down iMovie if I see
you on road
devastated because I've lost I know my
work and stuff so you know this is a
movie if I see you on road or sway down
this is not to explain to the fans
what's going on but it's different to
iMovie
even though program still there are
different so different I guess it's not
poison ivy
she plays the chords were I should to be
my girl bar I'm not even on that Khosla
man's halal in it in the meantime let
you know go smoky barbers we just made a
new Christmas special check the house
and I think Milam and miss London
they're releasing video today's will
also go watch that checked out how
babies releasing his videos as war on
the wrists or Chinese stuff our feed
office work he's always making you
anyone knows about max tweet me okay let
me know what the problem is okay the
Bates quickly my mark mice hey audio
flowers that should be blue you see that
I couldn't be blue it's black and this
this is what one this will lost I'm
gonna keep everyone updated on but make
sure you follow me on
no I need to get some sleep I need to he
you know there's only so much I can
apologize for and yeah as I said we're
working on it round the clock but to be
honest I don't see no hope right now so
I'm gonna get some few more technicians
in and see what Juan and yes sorry man
I will be back I will be back I just I
just need a hint checkbook
