okay guys so we basically finished
filming but we've decided to go and meet
some on our friends for a bit of balling
balling here you like the boiling
boiling room you do some boiling boiling
hi guys
yeah yeah mashallah mashallah sure place
a bowling yeah why no let's do this
hey summer what's going on long time
alright let's get straight to the point
tell us something about yourself I was
actually born in Pakistan really yeah I
was only six months and a question no
there's only six months and then there
we moved to cause the green it's
definitely a mixture I mean it's a very
friendly neighborhood how were your
family were they you know the typical
Asian family like no you were going to
be a doctor a man or were they okay with
it playing a sport that more so much
commitment it was a big shock for them
but I think only as time went on and I
started bringing in medals and
achievements and the whole thing that
turned them around and made them realize
that you were serious and you were
really passionate about this yeah and
what I'm doing out there is actually
working
yeah it's putting an impact and it's
helping a team and I'm doing it for the
team and you get challenges from every
little experience and I wouldn't want it
no other way because I think that's
what's made me a better person there was
a lot of other spin bowlers in the team
and it was difficult because unless I
didn't take a wicket in that over I was
gonna be put on again so it was me
taking out a whole day of my life
playing cricket and probably not getting
a chance to ball about but these are
things that I had to see through to get
where I am and today I have earned my
place in the team and it all paid off
when in 2012 I won their eighth year
women of achievement awards and that was
the first ever time they had a sports
category in here every other nominee was
an international player and I thought I
haven't got a chance but when my name
got called out it was amazing is really
really good you've played for Wister
sure yes coach
play that lords yes you've achieved a
look how do you feel about those
achievements at the age of 23 when I won
the presentation Sports Awards that was
a amazing time for me because it made me
realize now my life is worth telling you
know everything that I've done losing
out on socio time and not being with
your family then you win this award and
now you being recognized for everything
that you're doing and then there's
people out there telling you carry on
doing what you're doing because it pays
off in the end so that's what makes it
all happen and that's what makes it
different what else do you want to
achieve it will definitely be a dream to
be the first Muslim girl to play for
England you're saying example for the
youth that you know
we can go out there you know it she goes
whether you're a girl or a guy I'm
definitely hoping I'm doing that we want
to put that cross for the younger
generation I think the younger
generation want things that come easy
yeah but they won't last and this is
what we need to make them aware you know
the things that you've achieved you know
a lot of people will see you as a role
model but who would you say you know
inspires you today in the news right now
is a young girl Malala yousufzai you
heard about in Pakistan who's just you
know it's a shame to know that incident
she was anywhere she got shot and it's
just you know a pity to see that she was
only trying to make a voice heard about
education and women's rights and she's
put a life at risk and when you see
people like this and you think wow this
is where it's a good point for us to
realize actually they're in a condition
where it's so strict out there but we're
living in a country where we've got all
the facilities accessibility why are we
not making the most of it I completely
support what you're doing and use it was
great to hear a lot of your background
and you know your upbringing and you
know it's quite inspirational and I wish
you would the success but to be honest I
don't care anymore and I think we should
just play bowling let's go let's go
you
