when we got this gig yeah you said it
was gonna be faster all the way here
yeah you said we were gonna hit the big
time okay yeah the premiere in a big
time time yeah no but it might be good
enough for let me anyway England enough
for me but I had to sleep with my scooty
gonna start about
yeah brother I said I want to sue duty
not a male lover but why do I even pay
you 50% for man you're such a quarter
it's probably reception in process
learning and perceptions we saw like um
I heard you do security for Kanye West
no no no Connie with John West you know
the guy for the tuna oh yeah yeah that's
crazy
so we'll be going I don't know we're
gonna get me some cricketer hands don't
read rough but you know I don't get yeah
we're supposed to be meeting these
remarkable people but what's so special
about a cricket ball I guess we thought
oh she's dumb man anyway had this will
come about you know what yeah basically
you know as merely Shawn in it it's a
big friendly and I try be my friend
how's that wearable you know the park
pool and we did a tool together and I
made this kind of crack this dog that
British boxed our knees off the best
taxi drivers you gave me now we are like
no offense but North Norfolk LF we make
the best kebabs you get you gotta admit
that in a no offense to your brothers or
fun um but you know what citizen it's
like they have a point to prove and they
be taking me all around the UK to these
random places being like amazing people
and you know they do amazing things that
not many people hear about so it's kind
of cool man
and I believe in it man is passionately
north
yeah but mainly the moneyed excuse him
what's gonna blood was gonna basically
like uh my name's Sam so I'm supposed to
be meeting some bloke and you play
cricket in it like do you know anything
about it I don't know about no blogs but
it's me I'm sorry B do you I never go
who's gonna vote I'm bowling I'm gonna
do under armed oh yeah congrat congrat
mando mando where you okay boss what you
that's position bowling mallet really
big pocket stuff yeah give me really oh
sorry boss Oh boss I'm here fee boss
okay I've got your carpet right
you devil child you killed him why don't
you play the ball what do you told me
you will Papa guitar I play for
Worcestershire and one day I would play
for England of course I'm a real
cricketer I think you should go and call
an ambulance
you really do you devil child and white
wearing that uniform
I work here I'm in there oh yeah I knew
that laughs so you came here to finish
us off
wait you did waiting hope you know what
you doing bro of course I know what I'm
doing I'll be working in three years
started off as a volunteer did my 15
hours per week did my three-year
training and now I'm a staff nurse oh
yeah yeah that's good I don't want to
hear your biography oh my god one's
sweet ones like it must be hard though
like me the botany let's go it's
difficult it's nothing I mean it's big
responsibility but I'm proud of it yeah
but you know what like you really want
to do it let you know you have to
obviously empty bedpans and white
people's bums
it's not about bedpans all the time they
are challenging aspects to nursing but
how many people can go home and say
they've saved a life today you know what
when you put it like that that's true
that's true
but what about cricket like are you
really serious about that cause you're a
woman in it you should be like cleaning
with everyone yeah I am serious about my
cricket I played for MCC as a member had
the opportunity to play at Lord's first
ever Asian girl to play for Worcester
County and hopefully one day I'll play
for England hmm maybe hey you know what
let's I'll be honest with you Latin and
I was having a thing I let you you
already know for a girl I play for the
men's team - you take plenty of wickets
there - okay yeah okay I was thinking
that many things work that me and you we
could let I'm gonna do something
romantic take you somewhere in it that
you can page and we can have some wings
and chips and thanks for the offer but
I'm too busy washing my bedpans no but I
said chips yeah everyone likes chips
so Joe sure no one saw that right no no
one saw that shut up man
take it easy man I just took a bullet
for you you took a cricket ball are you
all right anyway you know what yeah I
did do my research on someone kill her
brother she is amazing yeah look Wow
she pays for Worcestershire she's being
an umpire a coach she's won loads of
awards like me in it yeah yeah
and she started up some Community Sports
Foundation pink yeah yeah I think she
saved my life too yeah but anyway what a
woman yep
she's special all right oh you know what
she doesn't want to bang on muffin like
you boss no she wants a real man you
know guy with ambition and education you
know why are you talking on my breath
I'm educated I've got ambition you can't
get to level six and full of duty
without passion and ambition and all
that crap
yeah her loss but were you talking about
you can talk about ambition and
education doing security for some fish
finger actually yeah that's not why cool
getting ahead it when a fish finger
fresher okay just top quality stuff
dolphin friendly and anything you know
well you know I want to be someone I
want to be respected like so more yeah
she's definitely going places
yeah but you know what don't worry about
it sure like at the end of the day you
saved my life and future generations
well thank you for that oh yeah middle
no shut up you know what let's get our
vehicles to these sick people are making
meet you come let's go what is it with
this dolphin friendly tuna anyway like
what about the tuna ain't they got
rights too
you
