I basically brought a new game it's a
Chinese game and you can shoot people
yoky only joking is coming out in the
19th but this is not the reason why I'm
making this video I want to tell you
about it extraordinary case this is
Shakur armor you may know him as the
lost London and Guantanamo he was doing
charity work in Afghanistan he was
helping to build a girl school during
the early days of this so-called war on
terror he was sold as a foreigner to the
US Army at the time he was in fact
trying like others to leave the country
for safety he has never been charged or
tried that was ten years ago I was
invited to meet some of chakra MERS
family I met his three sons who had
extremely long hair I can't believe how
hard it's been for them
especially the youngest who's never even
met his daddy
this was my mallanna back in my dresser
you contacted me and told me everything
he is one of the nicest people I've ever
met in my life
and even though I was the naughtiest kid
in my dresser for some weird reason he
still liked me but he always used to
tell me oh I'm not even now he still
does
I also met with chakras brother-in-law a
beautiful person who has worked so hard
to stand up for justice so he chilled
and talked we smiled and he laughed but
behind the kid smiles and laughter was a
different story
my mom taught me two things if I became
famous number one keep your feet
grounded and always stay humble and
number two help others who are in need
and use your powers for good and even
though I don't have any special powers I
fortunately have a lot of fans and
that's why I made this video for people
to realize that there are other people
out there who need our help and we can
help because in my opinion that's the
right thing to do only take a couple of
minutes to go on the website and sign
the petition because he needs our help
if you've got enough time playing
computer games for hours and hours on
end if you've got enough time to upload
pictures of yourself on Facebook if
you've got time to tweet about the
smelly guy next to you on the train then
would it be too much to us to spend some
of that time to make something
constructive something positive
something that will change a family's
life and I don't know about you but I'm
not gonna sit here and do nothing
even though technically I am sitting
down right now but please spread this
video get your friends and family to
watch this and it doesn't matter how old
you are you could be seven you could be
50 you could be white you could be black
you could be Asian you could be Hindu
you could be Christian you could be
Muslim it doesn't matter at the end of
the day this is a human being and if you
believe in justice and standing up for
justice then please just take a couple
of minutes of your time
petition thank you
