slacking Apogee Salalah competi what you
doing just looking at some pictures what
of your mother
come on bit I used to love that look she
is gone she's gotta be right back but
not really because she's done look if
you want to distract yourself why don't
you go to the garden and you know do
some gardening we have a garden of
course we have a bloody garden
let me just speak to the point yeah then
all my family relatives came back to the
house
basically all the aunties been in one
room like they will be like crying in it
like their bass and treble in that room
and then all my uncles would be in the
living room and then me and my cousins
would like have the worst seats in the
house the staircase my cousin was like
look clean Allah wills your mum hell are
you talking about he just came back from
the funeral was she there what she was
there she saw Thea rule but you know
what compose myself and I was just like
she's in a better place
what like for park my brother who
watches the Olympics
Rob I see bare Pakistanis in central
London with the Union Jack going yeah
but out the people a day and be a white
people looking at them lay no you're a
Paki yes I saw Smith how is your first
year had the Bubblegum G be honest I'm
only joking I don't get coming on crappy
work you flooded yet no rock who's there
my life my food my wife is dead
understand my wife told me tell you
bloody selfish gonna really kill him
already get up good nobody to kill us
with much later okay okay boss anyway
isn't it I need you to do something for
me
basically I need to just just suppose a
woman and tell me you love me
no side ask a
I love you I'm not going to lie I'm
slightly sexually attracted to you but
this is kind of wait iesous are you just
like them
Oh imagine if Pakistan did do the
Olympics I can imagine it now like the
grand Stadium in Lahore with four seats
no lights
just one packet with the torch hold
still guys I think they would have a
woman walking out with the Olympic torch
don't actually be the Olympic torch
light nah I think some Pakistani was
probably like so let on eBay in it but I
think you'll be like a gold leaf
cigarette then she won accident yet burn
her robot Angela all on fire like
everyone will be cheering and laughing
because they think it's hard to show
what a sure washer I could see my dad
did the audience
oh bloody woman ha ha and I make many
changes discuss will be replaced with
aerodynamic rupees horse riding will be
replaced with whooping horse Judah will
be replaced by copper deep I can see the
Pakistani relay everyone wearing cha
please handing over kebabs instead of
buttons and 100 meters would be banned
like Maggie's we don't like to run in
their life we too hairy buff the hair
weighs us down I don't think would have
liked no 100 metres left I mean I max I
am very angry I want to speak the
manager now no problem at her boss she
want to talk to you
my boss is coming everything
yes sir I don't how are you look I'm a
regular customer
okay and I bought a jumper yesterday and
the threading is loose oh no I am so
disappointed and angry of the poor
quality and all I want to shop was
bloody hammer stop stop pause you can't
keep hitting the women let me tell you
something come run the women the women
they like to be hit with the space hit
me baby one more time she's telling a
baby to hit da bus would even review the
booty that mean yes sir get out of my
defense three years ago in Pakistan they
were the Olympics he like I googled it
and basically like everyone's talking
about this this fast collar you know
this what Israel but what is the game uh
hi hi Mike small bloat you mean the same
bow I remember some 100 liters they used
to call me so many names and the so many
names is to call me the assassin to get
it you learn what was your fastest train
time time no no no no no I was one of
the runners no I was the one with the
gun you know with the Ready Steady yes I
kill seven people by accident I think
this is why they called in the games you
know the assassin the killer the bullet
the bullet ah this is why they call me
the Vega sense it's a yeah people dead
no he wasn't that mad because you know
out of the seven 400 women so it
positives and negatives Hamza
where'd you go an apple oh I'm not that
but you healthy
you know what I hate yeah you don't go
fishes they're not even gold fan why do
you wear hot huh oh I'm you prevents a
summer in it yeah no it doesn't for star
shining at me
my mom just died okay I'm sorry it's
okay man are you coping in a way it's
kind of long because obviously like
man's mom listening I'm more worried
about my dad now he keeps saying that
you know it's been a weeks now he needs
a new wife no baby no but maybe I see to
a hockey be what's hottie B we stopped
right
anyway my dad didn't really appreciate
the kidnapping peroneus illegal I know
he was also worried about me so he
decided to get me a job at ex's new
pizza shop you know to distract myself
thumbs up
he they brush the toilet my shy man hey
put your mom in there Nick yeah that's
what for brah that's Smosh yeah home
soon we're on Israel I know you guys are
in cells coming down bro come on as
before just sinus what go man so far
away
I decided to show thanks to a new advert
that I made to advertise his new pizza
shop yeah
like the babe this is the place there's
a place full of life
welcome that now is your mom's cooking
boys and your - fun - playing at the
booth they come to sympathies pizza to
your family why why why are there like
you know a good separation
india-pakistan just because of some
place called Kashmir they fight and they
got so many mountains like why would you
want to mountain don't you have plenty
of water at home now you got AV
important and it's got mountains on it
drink water so comes in Sumer sings
pizza when your family your dad your mom
I'm dead in it ACP left and I let some
black ice tea over my house and a person
that she texted she died in it that's
like sleeping in a rock and I miss her a
lot
hi moe
hello mrs. 25 minutes in 21 seconds Oh
what to say okay 21 seconds putting like
this oh my god how was fasting let me
know I don't get here
before I post it I look like this after
fasting I look like this why am i foul
and it's kind of funny that none of your
boys would know when any prayer time is
right what time do we have to pray well
moms don't know a lot just google it in
it when it's Ramadan and you ask me
mother this is a 4212 I swear down
brothers it for you - is it rhymes i
knows it Ramadan I don't even know I
feel don't know but the worst thing
about it without a doubt is Ramadan
birth my heart is trying to talk to me
face to face I was falsely going better
if you want to say something just takes
me now some people make their first
night with dates but it was up to me man
break your fast with Riggins extra and
having you know is that Crocs are racist
Salameh phobia bruv they don't like
Muslims let me explain three and a half
hours to lift re so I decided to pray
then go on Google Images and look at
dolphins then I'll call up all my white
friends and say being a Muslim is hard
then when no one's looking I'd be
smelling mangoes then dancing without
music because that would be Haram and
then when I checked the time
you know when to my heart is house life
force sorry in it and having you know is
how would these freshy aunties are like
they have no manners whatsoever you're
putting on too much weight so it's a
third chin so what's your point
having you know is that when you say
happy birthday to your freshy asian
uncle they will always say the same
thing back happy birthday uncle
happy birthday bleep al it's not the
summer birthday of families it's your
quoi then we all sit in the dinner table
so bad did you pass the knee of your
GCSEs no no the plenty huh what about
languages most of pasta is bloody easy H
spinach what the hell is spinach no the
people in the span they speak of spinach
you mean Spanish I said split look
Spanish Spanish is what they call the
Spanish people then you realize the
difference between Asian people and
white people you see white people they
have manners
like if someone wanted to go toilet he
will just turn around and say may I be
excused jolly good jolly good but my dad
has a different approach guys shut your
mouth for us one second please shut up
and I just turned 30
you know Salma when I was talking to you
and you know we were making that eye
contact yeah I was doing attentive right
there in that now statistically speaking
it's only half a cup tea so it's not
really disgusting I would however like
to go to the toilet and do the full
completion let's work this no blood no
blood at all because usually when I do
that at t blood comes out i don't know
me i speak to the doctor he laughs in my
face i punch him long story but yeah I
hate bleeding out of my bombs yes sorry
sorry guys sorry
oh yeah may I be excused yes
wha-wha thank you may man the pizza man
hi
come on man I'm hungry so why you coming
in it it's a pizza shop nah
max what's new in it super sings Pete so
you can read yet I'm a second year
yeah I don't know yeah had a pizza go go
go go yeah yeah can you send it to super
since pizza
yeah I'm not making a pizza on it yeah
cats on phone kind of Sam 16 all that
this is your number yet I hope swear
brother
then my ex ordered a pizza yeah
he fired me I don't get you her isn't me
baby it's a number please drum is hey I
don't match you dumb dumb dumb
oh my it says only to turn turn and to
me
Genta is another go right now they'll
tell you dumb damn them no one cuz I
asked Google and Google says nobody uses
Google anymore fool me no Willy we
haven't agreed on these don't mean
you're just making about it so creamy
maybe Greek cool Mia maybe I didn't know
this was a solo song a fool I didn't do
it so Avila Judy gypsy start singing
it's wrong right okay so under Simon
Cowell's right in front of us look NAS
and you say don't a minute
don't damn them them you'll be like
yellow will be playing instrumental bit
in the background and not all exactly
it's metal take the don't don't don't
wrong and I push it back so don't know
if I'm gonna be a part of this anymore
that's me metal we give it to the sleeve
up so that's my money
yeah alright he's like me with a bit not
really left and right left it was right
yes stoner like I see another grow like
he's got bear time
hey Oh Cass it's not a catwalk though I
owe you money from your sheeples dead
Oh
ah save up
yeah anyway I'll go your money
people even that bad dogs run it quite
good
very something right whatever an outlook
they start around here probably know
that 500 today don't you know me no
another five look at this man out of
five honey you listen and look at this
Bob this I don't think this is real but
look this is do your combo if I'm
listening
it's real genuine rough straight from
the back that's me I'm real blood look
at this eye look at that who's the
difference that one ain't got the strip
love oh yeah blood I'm not gonna now was
sure I didn't have enough I'd still for
my friend man I can't do this anymore
poor friend Batman yeah it's got a
skilled as well
the guy must be cake in okay taken to
the yard another can't do that man I
won't maybe you don't love Terry little
teary yeah maybe
Norma see Terry you guys Terry slip and
see my back my son cute only too late
don't listen you see throw about like I
said you wanna catch you slippin if you
don't give us our money but so would you
feel if I was
don't don't don't
shouldn't the proof but you think we can
yes we can
how do I do
all right all right listen send a ball
cause I thought of using a BB let's do
this thing
I don't I don't have any I really good
so what you can do
I don't know sort of all cats are tools
I know what it means one beer in prison
or comic-con we came out for the day for
like a visit missing after this Austin
you open up right let's go hurry up
horny 7:26 Chima Eid Mubarak Oh Eid
Mubarak my dad is the most strongest man
I've ever known
but today I realize he is just a man a
man who has not only lost his wife by
his best friend the woman he loved and
shared his life with but now she's gone
a father is someone you look up to no
matter how tall you are and people say
you don't know what you've got until
it's gone
but the truth is you know what you had
you just never thought you'd use it
death leaves a heartache
no one can heal but lovely is a memory
no one can steal I've learnt a lot this
Ramadan it's not just about fasting it's
about appreciating and not taking
anything for granted to be a better
brother to be a better son
being a better father to be a better
husband to be a better Muslim and to be
a better human so don't just be the best
you can be for a month be the best you
can be full-stop
d-doc JP talked about us like we don't
know nothing they tell us that we won't
ever be something they wanna hold us
back they wanna screw us assaulting like
them
