now let me get straight to the point yes
I know you're probably thinking what the
hell
but basically I can explain now I was
supposed to do a special message video
by lat it's evening
so like man's on high black bear gel in
his hair and it looks nice it looks nice
so I don't wanna wear a hat I wanted to
show you a picture of an elephant
painting listen so basically when is
Daniel bad man 2 points you coming out
Daniel Batman 2 point 2 is coming out
602 2019 I'm just playing with you man
he's not coming on the 2600 June 2019
Anna nice coming up the next day at 27th
of June 2019 a joke I joke now about
serious feet it's official
die real bad man 2.2 coming out on and
that's not oh man she's gonna do an
episode every month but guaranteed every
month we're not really guaranteed
because I probably be lazy and then I'll
be like now I like you you know come out
three months later so that new within it
basically I'm gonna team up once again
with as neolution and together we will
be working on a new six-episode series
we're gonna go all around the UK and we
petrol finding six individuals who are
extraordinary now if you know anyone
friends family even yourself let us know
and we will feel to you in one of the
episodes so all you need to do is tell
us who you think should appear and why
send your suggestions via facebook or
come to the Manchester or Birmingham
Miller and check out oz merely Sean UK
ten it's gonna have celebs promotions
free stuff and models that was my idea
and obviously me rap so glad drinks
follow me on twitter subscribe to my
youtube channel and former to DES visit
my official website and let's spread the
hype
