Oh
was the point of you could have died
easy no right now
jazzy up in the place window and all the
you know Gustav Argyll Airlines right
here we go
that's very unprofessional what is a
butterfly's wings you're actually in
help us say no g brothers that causes
some looking for blood that's it no more
Batman I'm not an independent in the
ward sorry
see ya even the latekka being upon how
hard is it to book no no I'm not be like
him he slapped you hmm oh no no no no no
stop
I didn't think I said anything I see
busy pick up a strapless but he's he's
doing this on purpose nothing like it is
luck jukebox too fast as in peridot and
nothing it said anything without that
was a good slap there was another side
to you mum he zapped you okay tentacles
oh oh oh I really
you hear that stuff when he's lucky I
get the straight face I can just a stock
Thank You restraint base there's a good
son
take five it's actually six
nothing on various hey hey you're gonna
run explaining Darius hey dude it's
ready there is hey buddy don't be like
me as a dumpy 30 years
I like to end this video by dedicating
it to hustle I met Hassan recently to an
organization called the make-a-wish
Foundation the make-a-wish foundation
grants wishes to children and young
people fighting a life-threatening
conditions Hassan's wish was to meet me
and when they contacted me I was there
in a flash but the first thing that I
asked him was why me he said because I
inspired him but after meeting him I can
honestly say no he'll inspire me
