brother sisters assalamualaikum
warahmatullahi wabarakatuhu
now let me get straight to the point I'm
gonna be real with you and talk about
something very serious as you may or may
not know there are a few members were ex
members of the died of a bad man crew
that decided to team up with a few
people and make a hate video against me
it's such a shame because obviously
you're not very knowledgeable and I
would have been great if you would have
just sat down and talked to me and you
could have taught me a lot of things but
you didn't do that but Allah knows best
and the funny thing was there was so
much wrong with that video there were so
many contradictions there were so many
flaws and there was so much hypocrisy
that I wanted to retaliate I wanted to
defend myself and justify myself and
pick up every single flaw in that video
though I made the video and it's really
funny but I'm not going to release it
and this is why I'm making this video
instead of smug awesome there is so much
I can say about you there is so much I
can say about you but I'm not going to
I'm not going to say anything to the
media company who helped there's so much
I can say about you lot too and come on
man I'm not stupid
I've seen the end of the video it is so
big add us on facebook follow us on
twitter come to a website it's such a
shame because a lot of people think that
you're doing this for the right
intentions but it's obviously a
publicity stunt and a way to advertise
your business iLearn knows best but it's
true what they say money is the root of
all evil
unfortunately abdul-jabbar or whatever
your name is there was so much wrong in
your video false accusations
contradictions hypocrisy and there's so
much that I can say about you but you
know what I'm not going to say anything
and the reason why I'm not going to say
anything bad about any of you is because
I'm a Muslim I don't have the right to
judge you you obviously think that you
have the right to judge me but I'm not
going to stoop to your level only I luck
in judge so I'm going to do the right
thing and say nothing bad at all what
the Sheikh said was prophet sallal our
Salim said if you don't have anything
nice to say stay silent and shut your
mouth
that's why I'm going to shut my mouth
it's just such a shame that
you can't follow your own advice you
make out like I'm someone stuff I've
helped raise thousands and thousands of
pounds for charity I've worked with the
Metropolitan Police I've helped with
children's in need I visited schools
madrassas youth clubs I helped with the
campaign of Barbara Hamid I don't want
that thank you I don't want any
recognition
I don't anyone to give me money or a
prize I just want the reward from Allah
that's what I want and it's such a shame
because I really do have a lot to say
but as I said I'm not going to say
anything and I'm not going to release
the video and the only thing that I'm
gonna say is genuinely to any Muslim out
there if I have offended you in any way
shape or form
I am truly genuinely sorry I really am I
just want everyone to know that I'm a
human being and I make mistakes and I've
learned a lot I've kind of realized that
yeah maybe I could have done things a
bit better I just wanted to make people
smile love but think at the same time
and I wanted to think outside the box
and spread some Dawa but I apologized
for everything and I promise you that
from now on I'm gonna be much more
careful with my material and as long as
you look know that I'm not perfect and I
will make mistakes but please just
realize my intentions I do not represent
Islam I'm just a comedian who tries to
spread a positive message and even
people like abdul jabbar Lama please
don't look at them and think they
represent Islam read the Quran read
Hadees read books and inshallah that
will make you realize the real beauty of
Islam inshallah so to the fans thank you
thank you for all your love and support
it means the world to me to the haters
thank you for making me realize that I
have flaws and this certain things that
I do need to change and thank you to
Allah for giving me everything
and so much more I hope people accept my
apology I hope that I change for the
better I hope you keep watching and
support me through thick and thin and I
hope I did the right thing by not saying
anything bad
Oh
we're gonna
the hammer goes
go on
Oh
130 boy name
to me
we go
Oh
