once my wife she beat me up with Mithila
I get the papers
Wow this is without a doubt the best day
of my life
yeah okay do you have sign yeah just to
complete the marriage please
well this is awkward huh oh crap I don't
even want to get married anyway it's
scientifically proven that only how many
people get arranged right yeah cuz if
you want everything you would find your
own life you wouldn't need your parents
help payments a family helped me what's
the point of Asian weddings Asian people
spend so much money on weddings and all
you are doing is hiring a hole and
feeding 300 ugly brown people laughs
haven't you noticed that when everyone's
in they all leave
I see my uncle leaving I turn around and
I'm like oh who are you going you know
he says I've got work in the morning no
very tired low it's very late I mean
everybody trying it's like 6:30 and
tomorrow Sunday I breath do you realize
how critical Asian people are our
weddings disgusting
yes too bland you know it's not good
food it's a female sharps for containing
masculine Gordon Ramsay auntie I've
tasted your aloo Gobi it tastes like dr.
prospective I don't know what you're
talking about
Havering you're on the table and one
uncle would turn around and say well can
you boss me but you know Brandis closer
to you than it is to me and Asian
parents please control your perverted
kids but every wedding I go to the kids
are just running about playing kiss
chase they just run into your knees love
it up why are you laughing
you just had bite money and the most
worrying thing about it is they're all
boys why you look playing his chase if
you love old boys but don't worry
legends yeah I've got a plan B yeah
basically what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
pass all my exams and then I'm gonna
become a scientist and then I'm gonna be
rich and then all the girls would want
me yeah nothing can go wrong
nothing can go wrong you filled your
exams I failed but you know ammaji
yes normal violence no more violence get
position being up every single time I've
got NSPCC number on my phone yet I know
use it oh yes sorry enough and there is
no chance in hell from now on
and the best friend left you and the
future way who is really really really
pretty she left you and you fooled your
exams and my point was okay now enough
people have different views on birthdays
some people are like what's the point of
celebrating your birthday thumbs up it
only means you're one year closer to
death do you like that do you like that
now these type of people are obviously
very negative
I know Japanese orphans or people who've
been attacked by bears sexually I don't
know but when I think about birthdays I
think about one thing let my difficult
aging and most of your friends and
family are Asian you ain't many presents
bled and haven't you ever noticed that
your uncle's tribal your best friend
don't call me uncle I'm your friend when
it comes to birthdays they get you
nothing and I used to hate when my
parents tried to throw me a surprise
birthday pie because it never would be a
surprise let you know why because a week
before they will sit me down and my dad
will be like oh give it up we're going
to throw you a surprise birthday party
but it's too expensive so you have to
pay for it my dad so aggressive
you have to flush twice you know
can you add some ice you know in the
morning even it all seems like a low
Gotha okay let me set the scene for you
a typical Asian birthday honey I was
coming up to me saying Oh wowzer you've
grown how do you know I've grown I've
never seen you before in my life then
you see those cousins that you only see
like once a year and they're like why
don't you come to a house anymore
because your mom looks like boo free
then you get those auntie's who are like
oh sorry you're getting older now sorry
when you get married Oh Desalle mother
she'll give you all the tips you need
you've been divorced three times I don't
think your tips up in a revelant my
auntie so fat that when she blinks she's
out of breath huh what is moving and
then it happens the worst thing about
Asian birthday parties been out a doubt
is Asian people trying to sing the Happy
Birthday song notice how they always
clap off be happy you just make it up as
it goes along
maybe the ballet come from the one thing
that I remember about Asian birthday
parties is this what everyone is singing
the birthday song and she that means
only one thing that they're bringing the
cake and when they bring the cake you
have to blow out the candles but when
you blow the candles there will always
be that one freak of a cousin in the
background great and my mom would be
weak and she was wrong dude oh I like to
blow out the candles too and then she
would light the candles again and make
everyone sing the birthday song
alchun again and they will repeat the
whole procedure 15 times because by then
everyone wants ago everyone and then
when my mom is like
vote you on some cake 42 Pakistanis just
blew on that cake in the last hour I
don't think so
manually Plan C basically what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna call my Bloods in up in
it I haven't spoken to it for time and
basically he's gonna hook me up hustle
bustle see the teaming what what do you
mean I'm pregnant
that's impossible I've been single for
two years that's your man blood one
second if you interrupt me again boy I
will nipple cripple you now my nipples
blood that's just fun yeah okay Jessie
who's this Widow
that's my brave life you know what I
honestly don't know what I do know is
that this package needs to be delivered
by 6:00 p.m. today and you two goons
will deliberate if you don't I'll get
this doggy here
her name's cookie
I'm trying to tell you from long time
you're not my real son
Oh Drive legends you always gonna be
Asian to my eyes
good good good hmm
Oh me and Jesse need to do did this drop
off some stupid briefcase to some fool I
see the clock and we get paid but easy
money in it yeah and nothing can go
wrong
nothing can go wrong well actually no
feminists later we got jacked by primary
school kids and they basically said that
if we don't pay him 10 pounds after
school then we're not gonna get the
briefcase back but don't wait me and
Jesse we got a plan
hello chime in on my face yo I want you
P Chris yeah hi Molly black oh my gosh
that is before give me the money I go
well I told you already but it's in my
pocket but sure I can he give me the
money please no I told you I had it come
on in the gun I told you I had a God
show me the gun why try to embarrass me
this people around there man show me
they Brandon I told you I said take it
off okay
why you get it give me the money try
your money then hello it man I thought
oh no you're golden
okay okay I'll give you my sister's
phone yet that's a laptop she gave it to
me okay
leave me please I'm just a black skinny
guy man
why don't you agent man basically my
place Oh me karma bad man up in this
place
I've become warrior no this way receive
me I will step Oh your faces back again
blood I'm crazy like that
whoa say say say say bro see our human
allowing flow come on come on again
yeah Jesse what kidnapped by the people
that we're supposed to deliver the
briefcase to later I don't understand Oh
get it bro I don't give now what's the
weight I think they're just trying to
intimidate us or something but you know
what that is a mouth what matters right
now is I need to get that briefcase back
with or without the ten pounds hey
brother
when my money brother like angled the
money here I really need that suitcase
man shut up
Nigerian hairy paws you can't give me
that briefcase now call else did you
just spit on me this is just a kid and
he's blind just a blind kid you know
what I need to be the bigger man and I
need to do the right thing I now have
the briefcase and I was on my way to
deliver it
and I started to think why not doing
delivering drugs fast money
people think it's is money let me tell
you something every year thousands are
affected by it and women and children
lose their lives to drugs and families
are destroyed by people think it's all
about money it's all about rip I
remember a Y saying reputation is what
men and women think of us but character
is what God and angels know of us and
profit sell allows Salaam once said a
time will come in which a person will
not care whether what he earned was
through Halong or Haram I don't want to
be that person
I'm sorry boss we couldn't get the
briefcase why did you want a briefcase
for the rubber ducks in the first
because I like ducks oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry whoa we kidnap one of the guys and
they call the other guy bad man what do
you want us to do with him
Killa
