let me get straight to the point yeah oh
yeah did you see the Royal Wedding me
personally I would never get my No
see marriage to me it's like it's like
death what it's like being a funeral and
never leaving
Brad it's like buying honey rubbing that
honey on your nipples and walking to a
beehive like this but the one thing that
I did learn about the Royal Wedding is
that horses funeral they feel no shame
like the horses were walking like tip
today or did Dave hi I'm a horse and I
know millions of people are watching but
I feel like doing a trap right now
yes yes I'm crapping smelly boys dipped
in tea today
daddy your friends are we going yeah and
I'm just joking with I hope I love
forgives you though for for having a
girlfriend
what sort of long ago none of this
messing with you man
stay with your head room she was oh oh
my god so you admit you have a
girlfriend
that's the phrase a deed but listen
feeling alone oh my technically year
that's why I Leia would say look can we
just stop this
oh man don't cry we got you fugu
e-filing your girlfriend I'm not crying
whoa Jon the height I believe you okay I
believe you yeah
yeah checkmate what's this check
reversal yeah so basically we got inside
Oh Rob we have an inside of working for
us undercover destroyed TSP horse this
big hedge steward horse is working for
us when you love sleeping hoop and you
like sleeping at night in a shop a hat
shop a hat he comes back and he informs
the Queen he informs the Queen about
though you throw results and your
lifestyle we now know about you and when
he comes back everyone's like oh yeah
look it's off its ugh it's our friend
the colour whole song he's so cute look
at him dancing we trained him to dance
and then the Queen's like oh wow I
really really like this collar horse and
they build a friendship
they now have built a friendship and
while he's gaining her trust for months
on end
everyone now he's away and I don't know
that they're watching the last
installment of Harry Potter and cinema
and now she's sleeping because she
trusts him and he does it he don't know
he does a good body broth and now he
does adaptee on her to show disrespect
because we have one don't work you're
just making all this up cuz you don't
want to play and you're stupid what sure
is a neat way Rob but ask me a question
then innit ask me a question what's the
cap your solemn Saudi Arabian it mm-hmm
what but play the game hey you don't
wanna see my baby bun yeah okay black
dude what's wrong with you man
man he was offering in it my boys my
boys checkout cap girls at 12 o'clock
watch this are you people
what the hell man bro he didn't even
have to say anything he just so
good-looking man sometimes I just want
to punch his mom in the face yeah boys
boy can you say P so no question idiot
and don't you two placated yeah I could
have done that I could have chatted them
up but the only reason I didn't hear is
them because like and you know like I'm
tired from talking from explaining why
I'm tired yeah it's good I don't watch
me yeah slacking I don't shine
no yeah Bravo you always talk about how
you get with girls I've never seen you
with one though huh
yesterday I shot Provost sweater as your
aunty are you talking about man watch
this year watch I'm the showing
something right now
Michael happened whoa how do you mean
funny happy funny that way have you
bought flour on your face I've been a
plant you're so wrong Club man what's
that mean hey now you judging me Forrest
in the face with the help
I might give me a number in there no but
I said give me a normal no I'm gonna
fight yet
you wanna fight come to school I think
is going oh yeah
I love you after my mom beat me up she
was being really nice to me in hospital
where I was getting treated because she
beat me up really badly but she was like
what did you tell the police
I'm like come on Amy you put me in the
hospital more than once I know what to
say
I fell oh yeah one more thing when you
get home you could be married oh my god
I'm getting arranged marriage I just
vomited back
I think I'm back in blood I'm a
Pakistani black like to mama me she said
where are you going
I took my library me and my could read
what rejection a movie Harry Potter
history cuz oh my god it's the jumpy you
got me ignore me come on to me she said
you okay
oh just a dream but I can't get married
but I don't know nothing about women
I mean I pretend I do but I don't I
remember once when my dad tried to talk
to me about women yeah okay this is how
it went
you see better women unlike men but with
long hair and and they don't they don't
actually sound like men because because
because they not then you get it but I
had no idea what the man was talking
about the only thing that I know about
Asian women is this
they love jewelry they love nice clothes
I look pretty girlfriend what they love
shoes my sister but the one thing that
they love more than anything is the
containers yeah the food containers like
when you go to auntie's house and
they're like lumps I've made too much
food oopsy-daisy I think because is
because I'm a spastic but please let me
put some in a container for you so you
can take home later yes and I look like
I am a tramp like I don't live on the
street
I do have food at home but you know what
yeah I can't say no because it's an
asian auntie and Asian aunties they
don't take no for an answer they don't
even know what no means you know no at
the next age my auntie Baku and she
would be like assalamualaikum um so are
you
mashallah how is family good it good did
you like the food that I made yesterday
oh yeah thank you read all thank you wit
know about the container yeah
can you like drop it off whenever you're
free now that's fine that's fine but if
you didn't I mean dead can I give it
back within two days then you will get a
text message from her son that's right
your cousin and you'll be like why mom
luck I hope everything's cool
we need to choose soon still by the way
my mom just asked me to remind you about
the container drop it off whenever safe
what the hell man it's just a container
and if you still don't give the
container back if it's been 2 weeks and
you still haven't given that container
back she will just magically turn up in
front of your doorstep like surprise and
then when you look at having tea it's a
guarantee she will bust the line and
that line will be like oh yeah you still
got my container hey I'm having an ask
me oh just shot yeah okay basically I'd
only know how to say this but I'm just
gonna be frank oh can I be done I've
always wanted to be done oh that really
hurt
anyhoo I'm getting my brothers I think
we should make the wall for our
unfortunate sister I'm offended
seriously branches I'm offended get
married but what's wrong with you
congratulations man did you know getting
married is competing off your did not
enjoy in my world girl your boyfriend
shot man boys boys I think it's about
time you give him the list oh is this
what
you
you
in the darkness
of frames instead
we've decided to leave Malaysia because
it kind of like awkward
yeah you know what yet thank you so much
for letting me borrow your car
I appreciate it yeah so how was this
mine and well to be honest plaid jeans
like it seemed pair they but the way
advice there's all these cosmetics it's
only cosmetic
yeah see so a man's not too bad
one even noise blood that if I may
listen I hope you okay how you been
vegetable never heard that one less
right P that's nice omelet
one two three four five six
yay-hey-hey I've nearly finished the
list I'm getting married and everything
is looking good but then
brother Hamza I recently found a
half-brother in Pakistan he is seriously
ill and he needs looking after
I know this is the worst time to tell
you could you're getting married however
he's the only family I have and he needs
me for this reason I'm leaving
immediately just one word of advice
you're getting married to a woman a
women deserve respect so if you ever
disrespect them just think that could be
someone's mother someone's sister or
someone's daughter so would you want
your own mother sister or daughter to be
treated in this way you do still have a
lot to learn but I have faith in you and
how lucky am I to have known someone it
was so hard to say goodbye to
you
Oh
