with the gills concentrate I bet you
right there smell it yes three months
ago you were stunned oh well what a can
of Pepsi so now Allah has given you a
second chance I left the prophet
sallallaahu label someone said to visit
the grave often because it reminds you
of death the death is the only certainty
we have it is done I think about how
you're going to change your life from
now on
what you want to do I never saw the
bigger picture
I never realized all the people who
would affect my family blend I can't
even begin to imagine what my family
were going through when they first heard
that I was stabbed the emotions but you
know what maybe take me off I'll tell
you what yeah when my dad found out I
was stabbed he came up to me a new hole
spraying and stuff I use made and it
comes over to me and is like just stick
your paracetamol black white asian
parents take back paracetamol is that
your foe everything black if it was like
two issues name gonna be no hospitals
name let me know doctor surgeries that
you could just come in and say yeah one
one I'm you know there's just gonna be
shots everywhere setting policy or more
equally I don't know Percy ammo shop
from you know how Asians are they're not
creative with names there's a scare down
the street is someone you know he caught
his news agent you know it's it's all on
the top on top of the news eating news
injury I can just imagine you know even
family
everyone's chilling everyone's COO and
stuff and and my dad will be like yeah
then you bastard are you laughing what's
wrong with you what's so crazy my dad I
know we're talking
okay just calm down everybody
let's let's be reasonable let's be
reasonable let me call 999 okay yeah
hello yeah my son my son is dying he's
choking yes okay just one question just
one question how long will it take for
you to bring in the panel system of
course I remember last year I was in the
back with my family and I saw the
swimming pool house at yet black so I
jumped into the deep end not realizing
it's the deep end I was drowning and I
was like comparison
elmo's in the swimming pool you know I'm
gonna do something nice something
positive in it like I'm just so much
luck to give you get me fun yeah sorry I
expected brothers thumbs up okay we all
know why we're here
we want to organize the Youth Conference
what do you thin it yes there's a lot of
important topics I need to shed some
that one yeah I think I'm sisters in
today's day and age there can be very
self-conscious embarrassed and even
skinny job
it's cool it's cool so what yes we might
let the Mac and we say Mac noticing it
make the Nike job and then see the fish
market let's go store the next jobs and
breakfast we're not even men women
that's a stupid idea
just imagine just imagine it yes the net
effort just see like I'm Jordan yeah and
he's dead and he's doing his feet with
the basketball and he's doing his thing
yeah he's doing his thing
yeah
okay listen you know okay I know my
sister I think we should have one minute
silence for the ugly people on
Valentine's Day
now find a minute graph that's long my
sir you probably yeah yeah I hate
valentines day like this is what I don't
get
if you're married yeah and this
Valentine's Day and obviously it says
you have to be like caring you have to
be you know affectionate you have to be
you know you have to be nice to your not
be a be a bit you're a man taken and
show her that you love her you know
that's cool but soon you do that
everyday you see what I'm saying you see
how done Valentine's is this Valentine's
Day is different because my mom's got
plan and her plan is arranged marriage
yahzee what's going on with you very
much hugging me like this
I heard your mom's looking for Easter
for you heard your mom's looking for a
wrister for you how you know she's a
post on Facebook
mr. Sharma - hey you know what my
sister's looking for Easter we can spend
time together we can chill out together
you know we can be actual brothers you
know what people actually say she looks
at me I'm good-looking right you are
buff
I'm gonna grab you if there's a woman
out there that looks like you brah I'll
be on it
German toast but the thing is here the
thing is me my mommy we went and Nigeria
probably weren't Nigeria last week in it
yeah basically like I make this dog
super buff and a name honey Bubba Zulu
yeah Bubba zulan yeah yeah
but anyway bar fight don't keep it
secret oh you don't tell anyone yeah
don't tell anyone make a secret I said
shake no cuz but I would love to be
family no bother
this let's go eat I'm hungry okay no
wait wait I just context oh my goodness
someone breath how much you dead she
then we can get married brush then she
dead
well I remember one time my mom must
have been on skype and I was looking and
there was like some Asian girl on the
other end on webcam and that she was
from Pakistan I don't know where she was
from
and I was just like you know what laughs
yeah beep man it was a trick my mom
actually tried getting me married on
skype how can you have in the car on
skype leg and you know what they'll do
to track of Inc you don't always say the
same when there's a night like this they
will come up to you and say I'm not
saying go marry her just no harm in
looking
no hope and the next minute you're in a
room full of Asians and they're already
talking about Mindy preparations I don't
even agree to anything you're talking
about many that's why I made this mess
up so what is your son's job description
hey I know you you're the one who goes
up with them Tony in at the pileup how's
the baby
he's tiny you know Tony so how many is
did your son get in GCSE I mean I told
you I don't want to get married I love
Tony piccola do need a cutout so where
is your son at the moment
thank you for having us
so you understand after my mom broke my
legs I went for a walk clear my head be
one with nature in it
what do you mean what do you mean man
was in three months cause of you I got
stabbed cause of you and when man was in
hospital all I could think about what's
the bench but you know what mr. bear
taught me a few things he taught me do
not be people with that minds of your
own accustomed yourselves to do good if
people do good and not to do wrong if
people do even and professor Li was tell
him once said a man who controls himself
when provoked to anger by others he is
truly powerful
