let me get straight to the point yeah
why am I so good-looking blood it's not
same another people Vlad you see the
thing is yet what what anymore into
black man I know Justin Bieber they me
broke her it must be said oh but Dad bub
matters my daddy's joke are you know
he's uh he's doing some Joe teens hair
right right now huh I'm not a mental
wreck reverse cool anyways my credit
yeah what brother you don't mind coming
outside this bit condo like buffness
where in the park
no brother ladder park man ain't going
to park this man white people would like
walking their dogs and stuff is best
scary free button is here master comes
to yeah I say you know a man stop my mom
going library yeah make a believable
with it while you're laughing
yeah blood rinse with the puffiness like
there were a Benjamin over there behind
you yeah me yes don't make it be I don't
make it big oh I've no one oh yeah I see
them
blood I say device kudos Korea daiquiri
yeah yeah I'm coming I'm coming
I said don't make it beyond it wasn't me
yeah I'm gonna go there yeah okay
no this is the plan new shop I'm gonna
go and speak to those skills and you go
I don't know like play with the flowers
often yet I say okay I am too sexy for
my love too sexy for my love loves going
to lead
yeah cootie you cannot but you know put
your number on my phone no long things
there's a beautiful foulness yes no no
I'm uh yeah wait wait
are you don't rub I'll go back up over
me if I wrap that's the wrong direction
no I need your help Fat Boy Brad come on
Jack
bye girls they took my phone they took
my money
David David took my socks I need a new
phone I mean how am I supposed to speak
to my friends
what purse them ll Noblin and there's
only one phone on my mind yeah that's
right
the iPhone jar I'm broke living in a
village broke so this only one thing
man's can do that's my mom yeah got Veda
I'm here I'm in search I'm in Sam I'm
mikeandgem kind of rubbish today
oh yeah da that's sick Wow
loved on sick we don't I was thinking
the other day I was like speaking to one
of my mates and I was like you know my
mom she can bust up in the car you know
like I'm on buster I swear down you
busted nicely like I don't I don't even
want to give you a big head yeah but you
got some swagger emoji swear down yeah
you hope you're Adonis write it down yes
I'm it can I have six hundred pounds I
need to buy a new phone yeah she she
readied me what kind of Black Power
Ranger mum would with your own son I
don't get why I hated parents for stuff
my dad's who can juice I remember one
time he try convince me that shipping
our toothbrushes coup
but it's not there for eat I was a taboo
I bet you give me Xbox breath you know
what you got me a box and you are X on
it bro that's not funny but then my dad
did get me a Nintendo Wii black it's not
the same cuz I need install it by anyway
I threw that away cuz that one day my
dad must have just barge into my room
and he was like Hamza you know me in
your anchors we want to play with you
Nintendo really rough you said that
wrong right don't say that again spun
into the wheelie it's this than the wait
why would the Tendo make a game for kids
school didn't end oh Willy and you know
what's the worst thing about Asian
families when they make a salmon they√≠re
for like seven weeks the same silent for
seven weeks ever what we're having for
dinner I kick your mom red kima well I'm
not gonna have tomorrow for breakfast
well I think we're going to have kima
Hey well my fucking pack lunch from a
school give up brat as if you're gonna
give me key monopack lunch brah I used
to have key mind paratha for pack lunch
and you know what hate most it's been
six weeks I was still eating the same
solid and then I turn around another
apple juice with this silent light
expired now and he's like no no don't
worry it was in the fridge it's fresh
Brown why do pakis think that if it's in
the fridge you'll be okay but you can
keep asylum for three years in a fridge
and apparently it would still be okay
cuz the fridge has magical powers but
it's a fresh start miracle pox even my
birthday man they were conduce they even
buy me a cake you know what they bought
me instead nah with a freakin candle on
it like the candles gonna make a
difference and when you go orange
Wednesday cinema anyone Asian type so
buy one get one free or I just saying
happy em stuff
the cinema actually smells of curry
that's how me Asian people there on the
cinema you know what lands from the hood
so that only means if man need money
he's got hustle black
I black black black give me one in you
know give me your money but fuck with
you bro lollipop maybe I could like make
a video flat on myself naked and sell it
nah I swear that's kind of Haram you
know what I want Alabam how'd you know
other rap it's called stalking
that's what happens when you walk too
slow you know anyway let's about half
way every luckily this oh yeah boy this
wishy and stuff come out I breath I'm
gonna lean on the ladder yeah basically
not out like me we will up tight with
fair typography like a knockoff
yeah alright because we go way back like
way back only about you once yeah that's
true right
shame that's true but I think there's a
connection Lidl still in it
like can you feel it rough visit there's
a wonder in it now can you feel it cuz I
feel super as a teenage sensation of my
bum stool because I feel it a connection
and I brought we're like we're like the
sex in the CEOs bar but only difference
is obviously like you know it's only two
of us in four of them and like obviously
left with no gills with the guys and
this has nothing nothing to do with sex
at birth
I need six hundred pounds I'm broke and
another new phone bro to be honest I'm
going on much money at the moment muscle
what hey Brad what's up waited this
thing what's the line is this thing
ready for baby supposed to be helping me
out nobody you know what I've got
savings account I'll go check out if I
go if you don't get it ha
but Karis me it Brett is this your room
yeah I run this place up
oh it's kind of small hey what's wrong
it's nice alright yeah where's the
television oh can I get one soon I shall
go but my TV no no the moment
okay well computer or something like
that you know when the prices go down
then yeah I'll get one Michelle okay you
live by yourself I swear you're only
like one year older than me now where's
your family okay
in a bad place okay I started to hit
that man yeah okay cool oh yeah oh hey
bum you know what I just remembered one
thing I actually have some money at my
house I just remembered I was saving and
I forgot about I hid it you know when
you had something and forget about it
because you know yes oh um you know I
appreciate them
for me
brah that guy had it back they're always
asking him for 600 pounds the man he
can't even you can't even afford a stick
kind of reminds me of the story that I
once heard like some guy told me but I
wasn't really paying attention but it
makes sense now basically it's about
this guy and basically this guy he sees
some shoes and issues a banging broth
and every single day all he would think
about oh he would talk about is those
shoes one day he has enough money to get
finally so he goes into the market and
as he was going to the store where they
they were selling the shoes he sees this
guy the guy was there and he was
crawling to one side to the other
because he didn't have any feet and it
kind of him because he kind of made him
realize that you know what oh this time
I've been chasing the dunya like oh this
time I'd be so into my materialistic
things when realistically I should be
grateful to Allah he's blessed me with
fee so remember that's a gift so
appreciate it and realize how lucky you
really are
