at nighttime I heard a noise
it wasn't me hitting the door it was
before that so I decided to check it out
like a detective hello is anybody there
and I got a gun
hello anybody dead I have a spoon and I
know how to use it
Wow it's Lamar then two seconds later I
realized it wasn't it was Rupert salami
Zen German I knew that I had nothing to
worry about and that God was on my side
when I realized he had the bed maybe he
wants to play cricket but it wasn't
cricket season then he ran towards me
with the bat screaming I'm going to kill
you I didn't know if his approach was
friendly or aggressive possibly friendly
so I decided to stay and welcome him
with open arms then I realized he
mentioned killing which isn't very
friendly at all then I realized
everything and came to the conclusion
that his approach in action fact was
aggressive I was happy with my detective
skills and I knew I deserved a tap on
the back but anywho there was only one
thing that I could do at a time like
this
it was me and him and there was no
chance in hell I was gonna let him push
me around
these friends
mrs. salami better get his money or else
or else what
ah yes because you're black doesn't mean
you're strong wow you're even teaching
are you do that now listen here sorry
Jim
actually my nature now you've got three
days to pay up or I'm gonna pay you
another visit yeah we can play poker
together make some marmalade jams Henry
just together read a book we can even go
to the bar cold hands and look at
pigeons you have got to be the most
annoying man I've ever met my life thank
you
hey bounce laughs listen here ugly man
before I could finish my motivational
speech he took his glasses off and
looked at me in with the sadistic look
and then he beat me with a bucket my
hairdryer a box of Weetabix hmm yummy
then he did something with the Hoover I
don't think he would want to see that
and then he beat me with a rubber glove
I think he was happy because every time
he was hitting me he was laughing I like
him being happy I think it's pretty
obvious that that fight was a draw
anyway I had to pay 10,000 pounds I
didn't have 10000 pounds but either I
could lie on the floor and be a baby
about it or get up and do something
about it like man so I went on the
internet and look on Google I typed
ninja assassins and I found someone so I
decided to email him and ask if he could
come down tonight
but you actually can that's good please
come inside tummies like I would beat
you round the back
what what no no you can just come inside
it's warmer free
I can see that you're not much of a
talker sorry sorry but why are we
outside again you like the darkness okay
that's fair that's cool that's cute I
like light so you know well I just want
to say
do you smell it
speckies smell or no no no what
victory
going to training all it will take is
one day together we will defeat for you
wow that was so cool I mean you and I'm
the moon earth and the dark handsome
cool very cool
look can you smell that
oh that's disgusting
what is that I farted haha sorry i mom's
peppers wrong necklace wrong
and must go
but it
now seriously get out of my shed
yeah that's not funny go home free
