Friday 6:00 p.m.
brother man so committed to this YouTube
thing I haven't turned around on my
friend and all that breath I'll make a
deal with you if I don't stay committed
on YouTube I will suck your bum
they really make sense deal we're not
friends anymore
that's for sure told me to delete his
number haven't spoken since his choice
which is kind of a good thing because I
probably would have lost a bit now after
a week which I strongly disagree you
know one of those ones when you're tired
on a bed and it's not even kinky with
the Pakistani Madonna who's married to a
girl that is younger than his boy from a
previous marriage with a pint of Samsung
one of those ones I'm just so ready for
this mug whereas my uncle Tariq
pronounces it readies I'm not gonna lie
I heard a noise in the background I said
to my mom look I'm gonna make a video on
YouTube can you like keep the noise down
and now she's drilling something like
that she's taking the piss in it I'm not
gonna tell my mom to keep it quiet and
then she starts treating the water
that's not me saying look after my dog
and you sexually assaulted I was
watching cootie Station in it you know
one of those ones when you think you're
home alone I wasn't and my dad just come
out of nowhere and you know that even
parents one it's the optimization when
they hit that one line what are you
doing
passion I people try to talk to you in a
black bear coughing in shit man you I
didn't want to poke him because you know
what it is
once I say something he will turn that
into a conversation and that
conversation would lead into him telling
your story so the only way I could
prevent a story is just replying back
with the one word on from nothing and
then you know we said okay that was my
dad's name no it wasn't let me tell you
a story about my dad
20 years ago in Pakistan my dad's tell
me poo
milk
ostrich become a hostage though so I was
investing about milking the ostrich so
then the ostriches tell me a you've got
nice hands
I'm like excuse me this is what a date
and then the ostrich turned to me and he
said are you the Sunni or are you the
Shia what the bloody hell is this it
doesn't matter what I am Josh it was
twenty is my kriptonite
I said is a very Sunni Sunni it is
outside sunny I stopped then I'm looking
in his eyes I say excuse me I think
you're ready dying you are dying brother
and then I look in his eyes and I say
see you later
ha ha I make a joke I don't say nothing
sunny
I said Sunni instead of saying see or
Layton is a Shia Gator it's a word plays
playing with the words I'm really good
with the wording I was at a job where I
had to teach English to English people
this is a real life story I'm telling
you you know but you don't know how to
laugh
you don't know how to be happy I'm
planning funny guy so funny I can make
hi he Donna you thinking I did already
love a lot anyway that was also a joke
and you know nothing I know good with
jokes and I'm thinking why do parents
don't gasp are we so different being
Asian here in 2018 is hard even I'm no
kidnapper man now maybe I should stop
buying toys anyone wanna buy some toys
how do you move if you're an Asian kid
in 2018 also you have 2018 Asian yo /
Christ okay so if you can relate to any
of these things
oh no anyone who relates to any of these
things may your mind in the comment
section below so here we go asian girl
2018 store key number one you have to
have an Instagram account with three of
the following lines in your bio
no DM slash boys allowed even though
most of the followers you've accepted
and the people you are following are
actually guys those you have in your bio
professional model DM for inquiries mom
Noah's quality and
Gucci shoes and I don't make you a Gucci
model the only professional modeling
you've ever done in your life it's your
year seven to hear eleven school year
foes you know those ones when you're
sitting on a bench and taking a selfie
with your haram boyfriend outside
premiere in is not not links it's
actually haram oh when girls right MUA
in their bio and I'm not wrong I'm
seeing the makeup that you've applied
your own face I don't know professional
breath that looks whirring do you look
like he drop you from the conjuring and
then you get those skills who do those
lovely Islamic Courts on their BIOS and
they make you believe it slum is their
life and you're like martial law system
because I see you outside faces every
Saturday night but your boobs out and
your hairy leg showing but don't get
this that I'm not judging because I'm
not what to God but then again is my
video so yeah I guess I am dressing
actually but then you get those
independent you with that one
independent wall aligned but you've
never left London no why are you trying
it and Pakistan would give here in the
storm town close to maybe even your eyes
it all be back but they only have one
because we're well aware you karna 43
you need an aux cable in your handbag so
when you're driving with Bushrod to the
local shisha place you can listen to
your favorite batsman tunes on Spotify
like people you know grab your put on
your white at the truth you know like
Greek yogurt for some uwz products is it
hot dog you know you do oh you you who
do I want even ounces fine
you know that selfie like hey that makes
your skin tone look like College you
know even though you look more like the
guy in get out six those gold ankle
bracelets that's Tyler then the mood
rocky on the budget I'm joking Gujarati
is you're not tired
but my manager ID is and he's good drug
D I'm just saying a number seven
you know those pages that you put in
your bag the ones you put on just before
you go back home because whatever you
were wearing before is inappropriate but
you want to show your parents that
you'll know about that life even though
you aren't you just have spare jeans
hey a Michael Kors watch now asian boy
is 2018 start your uh Steve eight oh he
won't pass them or you can snow
strawberry cheesecake tip if you
coins and then changing your Facebook
employees day is teen full-time
stockbroker no you're unemployed with
internet why are you poking about
cryptocurrency when you only go for in
town in your back straight you have to
be in at least one religious what's up
but she will me cuz you know you can't
leave especially when your mom is in it
for but anything that you know
everything about bodybuilding
and you can take as many steroids as you
want but you still have at it
that's like marrying a beautiful woman
with the Willie oh where am i number
five
using Paco Rabanne 1 million tix oh
that's the camera six get a car that you
can't afford are you were at least
fourteen years and you know you could at
least afford four months and after four
months when they take the car away
you're like I mean I've already taken at
least seventeen to eighteen pictures
with it or buy a new one next year with
my bitcoins oh man why did you know
would you win can you say seven having a
random shisha mouth tip in your jacket
because the only thing you do a pop I'm
going to Selfridges are not buying
anything a seizure and eight if you're a
nation boy you have to keep going
Morocco every year for the historic
buildings if you're watching this with
your parents right now and you've been
to Morocco
don't try saying that you needed a beach
holiday there is no beach in Marrakesh
so make sure you like and subscribe
however the one thing that I love most
about their Obama suits is the message
in the end story time one day a little
boy named Joe came into the kitchen and
he handed a piece of paper to his mom
and the kid said you owe me no your
money then she read the list and it said
for cutting the cost five pound for
cleaning up doing this week one pound
for going to the store for you fifty P
babysitting the kid proper while you
were shopping 25 P taking out the
garbage one pound for getting a good
report card five pounds for cleaning up
for making the garden two pounds so to
old 14 pounds 75 and his mother was just
standing there looking at him so then
she grabbed a pen she turned the piece
of paper around and then she started
writing and then when she finished
writing she gave the piece of paper back
so he started reading and it said this
for the nine months I carried you while
you were growing inside me
no charge but all the nights that i sat
with you doctored you and prayed for you
no charge for all the trying times and
all the tears that you've caused through
the years no charge but all the nights
that were filled with dread and for the
worries I knew were ahead no charge for
the toys foods clothes and even wiping
your nose no charge son when you add it
up the cost of my love is no charge when
the boy finished reading it you looked
at his mom he is coming down his cheek
and he said mom I sure do love you and
then he wrote on the piece of paper in
big bold letters paid in full and the
moral is you will never understand what
a parent's worth is until you become a
parent so be a giver and not an Oscar
especially with your parents there's a
lot to give besides money so if your
mom's close to you right now give her a
big hug give her a big kiss and tell her
that you love her and it doesn't need to
be Mother's Day for you to do that you
should do that every day happy Mother's
Day
woodie's look at you watching this video
like very good this one
