no I wanna go heaven breath so anyway as
you know there's only four episodes or
diary over Batman shorts left and
because it's the end of the year every
two weeks an episode will come out so I
can focus on all the new stuff that's
gonna be coming out next year let me
tell you next year it's gonna be all
right now can't talk about that
but one thing I can't talk about is on
the 12th of November I am releasing a
small short film and for the creators
for change last year I made four special
videos that touched on a lot of topics
such as bullying Slama phobia mental
health and knife crime this year I've
made one special video that's very
personal to me and I think that it's
gonna help a lot of people out there and
yeah it's gonna break a few hearts and
there will be a few tears but I think
it's gonna make such an impact and
hopefully it's gonna help a lot of
people out there but anyway this
episode's a little bit different because
I would like to address certain
criticism because a lot of my fans are
like why do you take so long to make you
beep your man caught me of my neck as
well and I'm like first of all do not
imply that I'm lazy because everyone
knows that my work ethic is next-level
you could not compare my work ethic to
someone else Rob I am killing it right
now mashallah no no Zarina I'm an actor
I'm a comedian I am an entertainer barn
or daily vlogger bruh I have other
responsibilities and people don't
understand how crazy my life is from day
to day and you know what I used to do I
used to make these vlogs by never used
to release them about the
behind-the-scenes but today is gonna be
different cuz I'm gonna show a sneak
peak of a day in the life of him so I'll
shine now this was filmed earlier this
year I was in LA and I did the biggest
show of my life no one
we also nervous
we going away starting off with the
compulsory cost what a que NOS acompa√±a
Flamingo was another read his crepes
don't even match his talk I guess it's
been a while but still this guy honestly
man he's got two phones and he's texting
himself obviously man's out here la ting
you know how we do my comments Bo can
you can you see that little black thing
things are hard
Bernie we obviously man's business class
and I've logged so many blogs that I
haven't released I don't understand
what's wrong with me but this one
hopefully hopefully will be else and
I'll be honest with you I'm really
stressed out right now it's mad yeah I
was trying to be sure and I realized
that I gave the responsibility of
looking after my luggage to Danny
which is like the dumbest thing ever I
have no idea what my luggages I think I
see it
Wow Danny is the best manager in the
world that is my luggage he didn't even
give a about my life
he just took his luggage and he just
left Thank You Danny thank you very much
so anyway as I was saying LA it's gonna
be a madness obviously I am doing a show
it's about 10,000 people my not so it's
a normal thing now I need the base man
just need to kind of get away as well I
didn't I don't want to at first but I
think coming to the airport I just
realized that you know I was so much
 going on you know what my name is
best secretive you know that I Placido
but I put another one it was wrong I
mean there people hate now and it was
meant a big deal in it ohoo bagging
stuff
but then again everyone's going over you
back in it well there probably would be
but my one's real well I hope it so
anyway it was obviously except their
money so we're gonna go to LA it's gonna
be a crazy one we're gonna do the show
it's gonna be a crazy things for Google
but then afterwards what we're going to
do is we've got an apartment and I'm
having loads of meetings because I'm
big deal obviously you saw him - shaking
my lips cause every time I do my videos
I never look at my lips and my lips look
like it's been literally head-butted by
some I disappear I mean shaving my back
save yourself the cost poof obviously
that need is proof that his Indian
bailiff or down yeah first of all you
know what I don't understand us Asians
we get harassed in airports all the time
but only Asian work here birth he for
this patient above dishes like everyone
sings alarms in a bra that you won
displace but he for but Asians got
display son look I should never get
searched or interrogated here again both
my 74 people in I need to get some
headphones because I'm gonna do some
editing the flight cause it's like 11
hours in it
I just spent 250 pound on headphones and
you know the maddest thing is that Danny
just said don't buy it because I can get
it for free cuz we can obviously like
speak CDs and say are put mines up in it
man's papers but ain't what time now
everyone knows what this is but I don't
know like that was free it for maybe I'm
not gonna promote the kick maybe I'll
change the beat or D but then again I'll
just sit down it just hit me
that is mad there's no brand motion you
don't know who what company made this
maybe was an individual who's going
through a hard time financially I have
no idea what this is
as soon as we pomegranate
don't you might not be able to identify
my food
what's this Gator fixed are you saying
yeah good friend for me to shop in this
bread I know that
and despair be all-stars 90
unfortunately sit next to me but if
there's any problems just you know I
mean it's time to say bismillah so this
is the Muslim
what's your is a daddy two seconds
oh wow they've really what a lot for use
interview
Muslim today plays that you just got
like a piece of leaf Melissa we're with
you bitch is really swollen then he got
tomorrow and what's that little thing
plays it plays it opens your ladyship
this is perfect for me then no problem
once again so we have most bird rights
of cinema life fish and some cheese I
like my friend out there long
Aseema we technology nowadays they need
to invent like photos Star Trek thing we
just step into the middle thing and then
did you say our Scotty beam me up and
then bang you in LA they need to invent
that man
Danny's driver serious man wearing a
suit when you know drive us taking his
job really seriously when he's wearing a
suit and even a tire as well the madness
I'm gonna be wearing a tie now it's like
poof I am in London we're eight house
behind so sleeping is gonna be a myth
tonight I am falling way behind I don't
think I can walk any slower so yeah most
people are in it don't get these kind of
cars in London's do this is that I don't
even know what did they cool it SUV it's
a sedan is the coolest in Sudan right
SUV SUV
oh they see them Escalade yeah I know
about them
thank you thank you the SUV yeah they
did you know chillin roof I know he's
watching I know this is a long shot it's
a Wi-Fi in the car
we are races nice bomb knows about the
music though one of those ones with
you don't know how to dance
fully gave me a migraine this is too
nice being uncomfortable so we're here
in the room I really need to fix that it
that's bloody annoying liar the bed is
looking very nice brother I'm gonna use
you breath I'm gonna using am you you
know how am I talking to is a bed but
the view scrumptious
to be honest you can't see really much
now that's where I'm performing in that
big Convention Center bare palm trees
see my legs as well be nice excuse me
I'm nice I don't like that that is the
most depressing tool I've seen in my
life and this light is doing work so I
have to Shane talk there must be other
light so must be this one yeah you are
saving my life hmm I mean America's big
ass time here
Trump up he follows me on all social
media and he's just big ass that man
just visited his country still oh they
have a budget for this one in it pits
the valiant in Broadway so we are
backstage the day before apparently I'm
the talent room do you want a little
shut up don't say that Danny freakin
ruining my vlog this is mine this place
I didn't buy it I just gave it to me
where I could chill relax this kind of
reminds me of my mom whose living room
was a favorite color that's Danny hmm oh
hello guys were you reading
shut up man this is all from me as well
this is really dumb Darwin realistically
I'm not gonna finish this in it but it's
really nice at them they knew that I
love M&Ms and redbull and look this for
me
I'm not a diva I'm not school brat but
yeah I think there's gonna be enough why
are you saying oh my god no way
Starbucks fair trade certificate regular
coffee why say that just say coffee bro
where does everything start with
Starbucks Fairtrade certified this one
is very import water Roy oh yeah that's
what the tea this is a Mad King I'm in
between the CEO of YouTube and the CEO
of Google and just a fat book sunny from
South London I don't know why I'm in the
middle of them I don't mind and I get
free red bullets wore shades actually
energy drink I'm not gonna pick them up
they don't pay me
so this is where Hamza is gonna be
performing in California in the Anaheim
Convention Center now there's going to
be 10,000 people here oh my god Harry
Krishna Allahu Akbar every God you can
imagine please help him he doesn't
respect - hums are the prayers taking
this excuse my shirt camera right by the
way you will never believe this yeah
Google they have booked Disneyland well
pavia things called California Adventure
which is part of it just more everyone
in Google and YouTube normal people are
going and all the Googlers and youtubers
are going inside both of the youtubers
and we'll look at YouTube this is a
crazy
in Disneyland I have never been in just
glad before in my life I am gonna spot
Mickey Mouse I'm gonna try lips Minnie
Mouse I don't care if they break up
afterwards not my problem
Minnie Mouse wants to convert
become a Muslim I know do Shahada at
California Adventure Konami sorry wait
is it yes why not
max Farina thank you very much
appreciate it got a map now I'm so it
perks being a youtuber in my everyone
without this very one all of that we are
about to have fun
no it's an adventure
four new tracks ooh Thank You Nike guys
always said me bear shape what blood who
cares
I said Nike anyway this is my shirt in
it so I got the bottoms obviously which
is obviously very nice especially with
the face is even nicer so I was going
with the blue minute but Danny is saying
to get the yellow don't know you know
cuz I think the yellow bangs bar because
I've got a blue shirt I think I just
need to be color coordinated in a big
upper Danny as well basically I asked
him to iron my bottoms because he had
them ironed them and then he folded them
in the shittiest way possible and then
he handed it to me and I was like why
did you iron it in the first place if
you're gonna fold it like that freakin
sexy sorry an hour before the
performance to where I fully share yes I
am mashallah a very confident person but
you know ten thousand people it's not a
joke I've got to be on a game you'll see
what happens it's gonna be a big one man
biggest show yet mm-hmm so I did luck in
your long I think Danny was right for
what's in his life why is there water
than frickin wall okay this is an
example of when I talk people listen so
I gave the instruction for Holmes is
right down he needs some skittles I mean
some redbull
obviously they heard the tiny my voice
got scared six Red Bull for pax to fix
bills five pack make this evidence and
Joe please get back to me nice soft
London's finest dangerous guy bad man
super dangerous world's most-wanted
somehow go into the country and bam no
no no less women it's a backstage before
Hamas's biggest ever show watching a
genius work side to side
hey feelin like I positive spirit
would like to hear to have a message for
your fans
mess up today then I see you H&M maybe
for mark / convenience / Entertainer /
it's frigging good-looking obviously I
start speaking with schools and colleges
and I started it shows five six seven
hundred kids at a time and in the space
will be here in a half also and I 130
shows to over eighty thousand young
people and only last hours a yard
thank you
now carry on with my journey and
make people off Thank You one person
my name is Asha thank you
so we have just finished hey sorry about
that guys hey thank you
yeah it's literally just spout thank you
guys and please here
really we literally just finished yeah
it was amazing the other one yeah
another one the standing ovation the
first eight to ten thousand people
everyone stood on their feet it was
crazy but these memories will always
stay forever and and not even that but
it's to be on stage for so many people
we live in America
I live in South London to get eight to
ten thousand people all standing and
clapping in admiration and saying that
I'm funny and inspiring and it's just so
cool
it's a thank you very much run free here
guys I not only that but hey
we also nervous
so basically we had to stop filming
because finished a performance in front
of like nearly 10,000 people and then I
just walked outside a bit hectic but
amazing so overwhelming is like a couple
of pictures here and there and then
everyone just came and it just read
mental thank you for everyone that
showed so much love is so overwhelming
is this mad you know I've been in this
industry for a long long time it's
always nice to like heat like fans old
fans new fans and just people who just
appreciate your work it just it never
gets old it's just the best feeling ever
the fact that I was on stage and before
I came on Susan the CEO of YouTube was
on love it a bit and then after I left
the CEO of Google came on afterwards
actually chilling with them speaking to
them and people are like aspiring what
they what they're doing is just crazy
and and just speaking to them normally
like Susan I know for for a bit now and
she she's the best deneva meeting this
year okuu who was Indian by the way
which is amazing they both really
enjoyed it and apparently when I left
the CEO of Google was literally like to
have to have to follow that and everyone
laughed and I didn't hear what he said
but I was like thinking oh he's
funnier than me Rob you're the CEO of
Google brough him by golden balls and
share but you're freaking by more than
ever again so now we're gonna stay here
for one more day tomorrow we're going
deep into LA just have means we'll have
like four or five meetings and I don't
know if I'm gonna vlog it it's pretty
cool especially when you're meeting like
Sony and Universal and MTV and you know
like all these like huge companies yeah
I don't know we'll see
we're just experimenting I just wanted
you guys to see behind the scenes and
and over the hard work that's that goes
into it so yeah I'm just gonna rest now
go out with the team later in it and
enjoy and celebrate it's really tired my
even edit though no rest for the wicked
alrighty then if you think I could never
be a daily vlog of just give me a thumbs
up in it
so I got like 10 likes then then I know
I'm on to sign and if you haven't
pre-ordered my book then kill yourself
younger friends anymore brother
pre-order link is down below but before
I go I wanna address something so listen
let me get straight to the point yeah
not the incident
everyone to have a voice and if it
wasn't for YouTube I'd probably be on TV
as terrorist number two however some
politicians in Belgium are deciding our
future basically the suits are asking us
to get permission in everything that I
wear that has a low bow and from any
music that I use for any of my videos
mommy you mad that would affect so many
youtubers and then everyone's gonna be
on TV as terrorist number team I don't
want that probably already takes next 45
years to make one Batman episode imagine
in fact you do all this other paperwork
and ask permission from this banner and
this company is not that's foolish yeah
I don't like that idea I don't I don't
I'm not feeling I'm not feeling at all
it's gonna be really hard for me to
release videos especially if this lubos
food like I love putting sellotape on
your night tape that's not good look or
use background music that my cousin from
Lewin made just so you're aware he's
made no hits now again I don't want it
to feel like I'm attacking politicians
even though you spend way too much money
and you see scars but please let's find
a compromise just help us create is be
creative and at the same time respecting
copyright holders let's come together
for a better solution
hashtag save your internet and subscribe
thanks
