who's ready who's waiting Nixon who's
that message retracted well all right
guys
obviously 6-pack out here Molly Jo King
Oh mommy oh my knees right now guys I'm
not gonna lie don't have a do you mind
don't even think about it these old bear
peoples are you not getting used to this
man
yeah usually is every Sunday but
obviously today like well no yesterday
couple of things come up so I have to
rearrange cuz I'm a cool guy like that
what's going on so many highs he's mad
because if you miss the life and then
you watch it afterwards you don't know
what I'm talking about because you won't
be able to see any of this but I'm a big
deal man me writing love you shout
someone says shout me out but it was oh
 I can't believe how crazy is man I
must have an East six fans yeah hello
aloo Gobi I ah beloved man sorry I know
it's just wait me reading my comments
and you just watching me reading my
company everyone same shot me out but
you have to understand I can shut you up
because it's coming so fast if you're
live right now and you can see the
comments you'll understand in it I was
already like 600 people watching like
only be in a minute
ish alright cool anyway so obviously man
is out here oh my god just calling me
go away mine supposed to be a gym right
now by speaking of gym obviously is
January in it and everyone's laughing oh
yeah you know yummy bunny healthy you
know I mean now one of those ones like
you know no more chocolate doughnuts at
3:00 in the morning yeah I mean like
they want to go to the gym and they
wanna don't give it
yeah be healthy so I thought make a
salad ok now I I'll be honest with you
I've never made this before I don't
care about salads yeah I'm pretty sure
they don't care about me but I'm gonna
do it anyway so starting off we have
salad we got some tomorrow's trippy
tomorrow's nice bigger one just in case
some cheese some yeah and that's about
it really
so guys if you want to be healthy then
just listen to me and you know I'll show
you how to make legitimate solid dunno I
mean Pakistanis don't even say salad we
say solid I mean cool anyway let's stop
some onions is wrong now what's gonna
happen here we're gonna get the salad
then we're gonna wash it it's gonna be
big Eva's a nut you know one of those
ones so we need to clean it so anyway
let us one and I'll show you how to
clean you know I mean so okay now I need
to find something to clean with um
shoulda planned it that's my cat hello
cat you don't do do you
anyway sorry about that now I need to
find something to clean it you know what
let's improvise okay all right cool so
what we do you just get this obviously
like the plates haven't been done
sister-in-law is a sister-in-law
and I saw it's fine in if we don't judge
her although will and my mom she's
coming back
so what we do just put the water in here
that's how you do that's how you that's
how you clean salad bras so you just do
that and then one minute oh my god you
know what that would the Ramsey like he
what's at me he said stop doing this
it's hurting my businesses that was the
end of the conversation okay I made a
little bit of mess I'm not gonna lie
yeah maybe next time just don't copy me
in it whatever I do just trying to do
how I do it so now my salad is clean now
what we need to do so we need to move
this other way we need to clean the
tomahto but what we do here is obviously
good nice blank and then we cut this guy
for tomorrow
so as you can see beheading a couple of
more tomorrow's in it for the bands for
the bands guys if I'm not doing
something right please Tommy cuz I
genuinely don't know what I'm doing I'm
just doing this for your entertainment
and at the same time I know this big
hungry people are there fat vivo and fat
people need to eat you know I mean and
at the same time even though you need to
eat but you're fat so you need to salad
hence why I'm making salad
alright cool how am i crying you're
wrong brother but I live in South London
uh know how to cut buff Oh someone
should be careful I'm gonna be careful
cooking is very hard
honestly my anyway so now I'm gonna
clean the tomorrow's but I can't find
that bowl to rinse it in so I'm just
gonna do my hands full on Pakistan style
can't be bothered to take you guys so
just hit the sound effects in it anyway
so a little bit of a sauce I mean no
dried the hands up
sister-in-law clean that lay off now so
we have been a salad here you put in the
bowl make it presentable you know I'm
one of those ones in it you know sticky
doing oh yeah I see people saying I'm
killing it I know I know it's madness
I'm getting back on my knees so salads
day yeah now we need to call it onion
now what about this night there's been
rumors about like you know something
yeah I mean this is this should be
somewhere in the Pacific not in my
kitchen like covering my own onions
woman it cool so get this so apparently
rumor has it I'm only gonna use half of
it so
inside no onions onion you know I mean
one of those lazy and I don't know
talking about onion as you can see guys
you know I'm doing so anyway so yeah see
my mom do that you know one of those
ones here
I'm gonna put the onions onions onions
Nigerian stuff all right cool
and now I'm gonna eat some cheese so get
some cheese out here oh man big TV so we
got some jitter City extra mature
supposed to be having cheese in it but
you got little deer I mean one of those
ones so I'm just cutting your random
chunks um how do you care about life
yeah me one of those ones so you just do
what you gotta do
so yeah man looking kinda nice
surprisingly most of my stuff actually
no I'm gonna guess the thing is yeah it
looks pretty bad but don't worry it's
gonna be nice so I'm gonna split this up
now now wait a bit
let me try that again
go use some olive oil I've got the spray
in it because my family is which so oh
 I missed it
oh that's the one you hate that innit
you know when you've got expensive
Cologne and you do just buy it sprays
that way in your lap ah that's about
2.15 yeah a little bit more anyway then
mix it up a bit more make sure you clean
your hands as well none of this like
scratch
hey guys sorry about that
Oh people are still damn I don't even
know if anyone oh yeah look okay
everyone still there and so basically
cut long story short is when I'm doing
these rides now everyone is calling me
on snapchat and deeming me on Instagram
and my phone just keeps going crazy and
my fault a messed up now man but soo
Ryun if qu we are here so I talked about
a bit better cheese and now I'm gonna do
now yeah but it's gonna finish it off
with the citrus and the chilli sauce so
it's a dressing basically in it one of
those ones in it cool so zooming a
little bit little bit sexy I mean long
johns okay and now that's not human
being by the way that's my cat that's
weird anyway so and is there anything
else that I need to do have I forgotten
anything so I got the tomorrow's about
the leaves in the beetroot I would the
cheese I got the the vinegar about the
dressing that's done in it is it done
let me see everyone just saying
lime juice oh I might have lime juice
let me check
but anyway I think that's done you don't
look done I'm not gonna lie I don't even
know how people eat this
I don't you are you going for divorce
Toffler you must be missed in the head
like I don't guess and it's like just
eat fish and chips or chicken and chips
so go Nando's did I mean have a
chocolate more
oh sorry paper thank you I made a lot of
mess by the way poor Queen Alia Allah
best soap sister unloaded little parents
no Peppa yeah and now I think it's ready
and I'll be honest with you
now with the song Peppa I genuinely do
think he's probably the best salad you
will ever see no like let's do this now
let's be real
that's a pretty nice huh that is really
nice come on guys like the video right
now to the right thing be a man and to
the right thing please or a woman you
whatever you are you know you can be
both do whatever you want man yeah thank
you
maybe people saying it looks good and I
think it looks really good actually
but I'm gonna be honest with you I am
NOT gonna try this because I just
realized that the chill to Mars or our
day the less is our date I'm pretty sure
the cheese is our date so yeah I don't
think I'll not gonna eat this but it's
not wasting food cuz we're gonna throw
our anyway so I salute your two buses -
Aloha whew she didn't see the ending
I'll just I'll just go throw up and say
I made this for you because I love you
so much but you know smothers but yeah
cool and guys one more thing so if you
follow me on snapchat Instagram you know
that YouTube sent me something so here
we go this is what YouTube sent me
yeah and this involves you guys as well
so one second I'm gonna lie it's pretty
big
this obviously YouTube there you go you
guys can read hey ready for this you
guys ready hey ready now it's not a play
button I don't know what it is it's just
a massive big oz frame but the best
thing about it is all you guys oh your
comments all around the world has been
imprinted let me see if you can see this
bubbly has been imprinted into the frame
so you guys are a part of this and let
me tell you saying how emotional I'm not
gonna lie that was a special one man
guys we are here we did it we making
salads in that buy so good man I've got
some big announcement that's gonna come
very very soon
Batman 10 yes this is all underway 2018
is gonna be a mad one no more playing
games I'm an amazing position where
Marshawn hamdulillah times 7 I'm an
ambassador for YouTube it's hardly like
well is that 30 of us around the world
and I'm one of them I was one of the
first hey man I think I was actually one
of the first I think I was the first but
I'm gonna say just in case people google
it and I'm like the second or something
but either way big things are coming
promise you guys I love you so much and
this means more to me than anything not
just because you know the bids on point
and everything like it's more about the
words that you guys have written to me
in the last year they love
new announcement coming soon next week
wonder what it could be I don't know
