hello okie-dokie
what are you saying people hey hey hey
hey Salaam alaikum
namaste and Bonjour people and I say
bonjour because today we are going to
make the hardest thing I've ever made in
my life for the first time french toast
punjabi version now obviously you guys
might not know this about yam I'm
Punjabi innit laughs my dad's Punjabi a
bit of chilli Amanda we got farmers and
like with relationships with goats and
cows lab pick them all up my veggies and
yet today we're gonna do a French toast
I've never made this my mom and it she
told me how to do it she was like do you
want some help
I was like brother calm down in it dude
that must be thing brother youichi I've
got this so I'm here for you guys
teaching you how to cook because
obviously certain of you are gonna get
married soon like y'all damn you're not
gonna be able to make those rotis and we
would do rotis eventually but obviously
there's levels in it obviously so yeah
you know girls I don't want you to get
divorced I don't want your husband to do
that the three time too long because you
can't make a run brew tea and even the
magnums is roll out when your mom leaves
and goes like on holiday I don't want
you eating cat food do you I mean this
trust me this is this is not even nice
bug it's not even whiskers because
whiskers is bare money's booked their
monies but anyway let's go are you guys
ready are you guys ready yeah alrighty
then let's do it okay so these are the
things that we need to have now we have
bread now remember this year white bread
tastes bitter so I just woke up in it so
white bread does please well but we got
brown bread because obviously I'm gonna
dye it you see them I did like it's
obviously very nice in that so yeah
Brown boss is cool I saw a brown post
Brown toast is cool but white bread I
think tastes bitter it's a bit it's
so it's up to you then we have this we
need like a bowl yeah I think this is
what it is isn't it cool to bowl
I don't even I don't even know if this
is a bowl but yeah it looks it's look
like a plate but it's like weight
looking plate
I guess anyway you get one egg now
obviously if you're gonna make big
french toast you're gonna use like two
three four eggs or whatnot but today
we're only using one because I'm only
making one and then I've got a little
bit of milk and now what the fuck
another sugar now you're probably
thinking why is mom got sugar for french
toast because we're not just making any
french toast we are making the Punjabi
version so if you're Punjabi please
hashtag Punjabi right now my G and if
you're not if you're black from Nigeria
then hashtag Punjabi anyway cuz you
wanna verse three you're one of us
anyway
so this could go horribly wrong I could
die after eating this but I'm gonna do
for the team bad Mans hashtag the team
bad Mans because then I know you guys
got my back through the laughs you know
and everything yeah I'm saying I'm cool
let's go
Oh babies babies why no it's boys
naughty freaky boys yeah whip your bum
okay cool are we ready for this let's do
this alright first of all get under know
what we do cracking eloquently cool let
me just take the bits off you always
have to take the bits out anyway you
know what the big one second oh shit the
first one feeling that's it you slide it
you don't try to pick up you slide it
that's what
this is one in it and this to there done
all the bits are gone yeah so now what
we do is we get the spoon and then with
the spoon we have two spoons laughs this
is a big spoon though but let's do two
yeah I mean this is - I think this is
too much you know Only Live Twice and
yeah Punjabis know in it so now you know
mom's gonna kill me
sorry emoji broke the gloss janazah
tomorrow so make sure you turn up team
bad my need to support the dead so
anyway we go back here
oh yeah I'll get the playoff but now now
right now it's looking come on son
realize how you pronounce it come on
relax no Carol more no caramel camel you
know now on to the fun part you know I'm
saying you go to the fun part
oh shit someone said you's a fool oh
you're right yeah you're right that's
why the fuck was it I do that yeah yeah
I was thinking is more stinking this is
not even right but I'm just gonna teach
him this shit anyway because clever and
stuff but you're right yeah that's done
see now we are in progression yeah get
my sister-in-law to clean this up lay
off anyway so now we've got this thing
now all you need to do is you need to
invest in a frying pan we don't have the
money
rub someone in it what I'd say is a both
central London Oxford Circus bear which
tourists out there so just rub the
minute
they don't care they're not gonna use
really the pounds when they go back to
Spain or France or wherever different so
I'm just gonna now that's it yeah so
what this yeah
extra-virgin olive oil obviously keep a
hollow Linda and we're gonna open it
okay you can use you know oil in general
I guess
and that much yeah that much I think I
think that should be alright
yeah is it bunny
yeah me now what my mom said is like my
mom said don't do like full flame yeah
cuz that's a dangerous I mean and you
don't wanna has to be burnt down unless
you got your house so obviously we're
gonna do medium so it's one of those
ones where there we go
thinks this one yeah okay so can you see
the arc can you see that fire a lot of
people see that fire scene when they go
hell but basically you gotta put a
little bit down too much I think about
that much yeah can you see that much so
make sure you listen to hamza because
mom's are noise right now
yeah strong in it so it's really about
now now I have no idea what we do and
you know let me ask my mom I'm at I'm at
quick question are you watching it or
how do you do you put the actual milk
and I'm the need to are you yeah are you
Mario broke a glass before hold her off
is my sister 100 coup
so this is government steamy did I mean
now what girls look at me that's that's
the feeling right now that the pan is
getting now you get the bread now what
you do with this wedding here is you
pour it in yeah give it our in it a
little bit of goosal you know I'm saying
when geez that's it just make sure it's
all lovely jubbly you know give it a
finger as well and just turn it around
that's you know I mean this is this is
life this is when you know you're fully
professional journey I'm a full-on
professional this one more time we go
okay 30 seconds so you do this too for
30 seconds and then you turn it around
you need a little bit more crunch luck
leave it on for longer this is what
these are the ones I'm hearing cause
push it down you go
and obviously why are you doing this you
can just think about life
do you not I mean you can think about
how you're single and no one likes you
and alone one of those ones now my mum
said it's very important you know this
year
laughs afterwards I basically go like to
see in a plate the reason why I teach in
a place because oil
yeah the old oil that's about to kill
your life and your heart that will be
absorbed in this so you need to put it
in so anyway so I think this is hard
enough so you get this yeah down to the
second one
Bank yeah
bang I mean I don't do too much but
enough for it to be yummy I'm saying no
and then one two three
school was peak right even what's going
on is everyone good Dolan obviously I'm
back from China man doing shows like
4000 people standing ovation I'm sorry I
apologize for being amazing
now hamdulillah obviously man's making
the games you know I mean cool so it's
basically sizzling right now
everything's good I'm glad everyone's
good yet but you know a bad man 1000
we'll talk about that at the end okay
but anyway let's do a little countdown
let's do 15 sick 15 second countdown
ready unless everyone to say BAE numbers
15 14 13 12 11 you know what I'm not
even patient I'm just gonna allow it now
all right cool now turn this off make
sure like to the best of her abilities
obviously close the Super Kings on our
hands go inside and start chilling you
know I'm saying and now the moment of
truth okay
I'm scared I'm not gonna lie I'm scared
okay guys you ready okay we just make it
look kind of nice we shot the big bad
little sign you know saying like be like
white chefs they put basil and shit on
the top and it looks all right okay
put some flowers wait let me show you
first okay so here we have it
French toast Punjabi version
you know how we do but now obviously the
moment of truth we're gonna eat this so
here we go miss me run him though maybe
I put too much food
buy sweet I think it's a bit too sweet
though no I don't hate how can I hate
something that I make you know it's
gonna be great come on look at him
brother are you how's that look don't be
silly
now you know what I think and I'm just
being real I think for the first time
this was all right this was all right so
let's try it one more time I don't you
know it's okay if I tried it too time no
it's all right you know there's not as
good as my mom's but it can never be in
it but I like this I think this is good
I think this is the best thing that I've
done so far and it just shows that I'm
improving my skill set is going crazy
and now hopefully in Charlotte Allah
with the help of teambatman obviously we
are going to be making some crazy things
now you know I mean we started off with
peanut butter and jelly sandwich now we
want french toast punjabi version this
is a crazy time in the life know any man
what you got now don't like dog why are
you writing dog eyes
you know me do you know me man oh yeah
oh this is so nice and actually I'm
actually feeling it but anyway guys why
need you to do don't worry badminton I'm
writing it right now it's obviously
gonna be the biggest one so yeah it's
big fireworks if you haven't seen by my
name make sure you do it now obviously
this is taking bear time I Spit beer
money
this was one piece of bread that's not
cheap so please make sure you like this
video and
when you liked the video all I need you
to do is write down in the comments
below because I will be checking and
I'll be seeing what teambatman saying I
want everyone to tell me what I should
make next week a lot of people are
saying doll but those people need to
genuinely slap themselves in the neck
do you know I mean so what shall I make
um please let me know
oh you go beyond Lu Kobe's a kind of a
hard one chicken that's very vague that
chicken watch I just get a chicken and
just put it in the oven and say oh I'm
eating a chicken tonight now you have to
be more specific and cookies cookies
cookies
it can pizza mmm not in this household
but thanks for being an idiot
um meat oh wow that's so specific Coco
Pops no we're not that level yet guys
so masa oh yeah samosa we're gonna do
some awesome one day as wrong man you
know because I didn't even deal
obviously man singular here in go like
no way for anything my mom's always
complaining that I'm be old and I still
expect her to make food for me so yeah I
just bought all like you know for myself
and that's why I'm making french toast
so I know that you know I've got these
breakfast lunch and dinners or not you
know I won't be having a really french
toast for dinner technically I am but me
got my dinner pick up everyone
right this video obviously and make sure
you comment down below of what you want
me to make next week
so until then subscribe obviously and
see you later alligator
oh hey man's dry me Minds rhyming a
hacker's pants rhyming
