life man's out here who so we who know
the drill
we're gonna wait for about a minute and
then you will come on he was what you
saying people's obviously gotta let the
cat in anyway what's going on hi Salam
aleikum everyone hello Bonjour unless
you count slang if you can't slang
that's the language right
alright cool we're just waiting we're
just waiting salams oh hi shut up
Bradford ho now home of the drug dealers
and we sayin yo holla yo G 30 people
still saying 30 nowadays too fast so
funny man that hums a bigger I'm just
actually reading what you guys are
saying you not supposed to do that is
I'm supposed to be showing you guys out
all right
Raheem Yousef productions what's up bro
I mean Quran Lena Bob you Lord there's
too many of you I'm too famous
anyway what's going on obviously I'm
supposed to do this every week last week
I kind of missed it out cuz well I kind
of released full movies movies three
short films and one spoken word have you
seen it if you have it please check it
out one's about bullying one is about
mental health the other one's a spoken
word piece Islamophobia and then what I
released was it yesterday was the what
was it Rob you know what I've edited so
much recently that I just like life is a
myth now I don't even I'm not even a
part of this universal
my dimension is on my leg on my chair
having wet boo in the dog editing that's
my life right now everyone's were
married they happily married and having
kids and stuff and man's here having
starbursts and stuff at 2:00 a.m. just
to stay awake so I can edit a scene not
life anyway
a big up commentary random I be Coventry
once actually link to go there time ago
time ago and my uncle
two of my uncles were there as well and
they just stayed they were they were
afraid that she would kidnap me and this
is a true story we're just a burger king
eating chips and they were just slicing
on the other side and and they were just
keeping watch it was the shittiest
deadest day ever
it wasn't even a date it was just like I
don't even know what it was it was like
hell I guess but anyway
what's going on people yes oh yeah the
last one was a knife crime which I
released on Friday and it's based on a
true story so make sure you check it out
now we are three minutes in so first of
all bail up to everyone but obviously
this goes out to all the gillum's
who are gonna get arranged marriage very
soon but they can't cook and all
the guys that can only cook toast but
today we are gonna do advanced levels
and cook egg and post and I'm gonna help
you guys out cause obviously certain
times moms go on holiday they're selfish
in that and we gotta provide for
ourselves you big people ahead you know
I mean so anyway let's start
we got the bread now this is brown bread
Bay hopefully now to be honest right now
my breasts are bigger than any model in
the Sun yeah I'm sayin so I'm fine I
don't really need to have a diaper I
need to diet but a point where I've just
given up I know one of those ones you
know you know when you standing naked
and you look down you can't even see
your feet like that's how far I am but
if you want to be healthy mom bread if
you don't care like me white bread is
fine now
oh so you need under yeah I'm saying
people might say organic but I don't
know I don't even know what who got it
means
okay all I know is this I don't know is
I don't you know I'm never gonna guess
it cuz I genuinely don't know what
organic means so anyway we got the under
now yeah now let's let's do what we got
to do anyway you have to wait man cool
now this is a group most people will
have this if you haven't then I'll make
the wall for you and your family and
hope your mom and dad get a job now you
open it now what you do is you dislike
be like like ones like but a fire like
can you see that that's that's fire so I
think that's what we want we want fire
so we just do that there you go okay
hang on certain brothers like going
Halloween parties drinking you're gonna
see that soon fire no fire anyway now we
are gonna put the toast in but no yeah
because the it takes longer now we have
a pan as you can see this is top of the
range
Selfridges buy one get none free kind of
pan you know I'm saying we reach out
here now we got oil this is cool Veta
door I have no idea what beater door is
you haven't sponsored me so I'm not
promoting you guys so we're just gonna
call it oil okay
sunflower oil is it is it from this
light Sun well that's a dumb question in
it it's not from the Sun is it from
flower can people counting can people
can people come in and tell me this is
from a flower this sunflower will from a
flower you know what they cool it I'm
waiting for an answer can someone more
educated than me can they tell me if
it's from a flower hello
someone said that I'm a make the water I
have a better camera
brav this is the pixel to is not even
out here so don't come and talk to me
when you are on your own like knock your
3310 there I'm saying no special cover
just the green one the moist one so
anyways this from a flower or sunflower
seeds uh-huh you same thing in it so
anyway so what we
yeah now what we do is we get this and
we put this on now these triangles like
some luminol eating nicer cool I don't
even know I know my mom does that yeah
and as you can see be a fire can you see
that rough come on someone needs to kill
me more kitchens too now we get this and
we put the sunflower seed wilting
just not too much not too much I mean
just just you know I mean worst thing is
that even do that on purpose like for
comedy purposes laughs that was just
genuinely me being done let me just
clean the floor Oh is my sister-in-law
man I like cooking so hard you know
you don't even care buff let me just
clean this is getting worse now so she
getting worse I think someone's gonna
slip hopefully hopefully it's the sister
at all
a woman mom at least anyway it's to life
cool so this is one for the toaster
we're not gonna do yet and out this oh
yeah I'm saying
so we twisting your hand now this is the
hard part yeah you get your own door you
got crack it but this is very hard
okay so what you won't do did you do it
nice like jiggly jiggly just too jiggly
all right MIDI can't mess this up this
is this is life or death
yeah I mean
that was the shittest
is the cut I did it with one hand that's
why I did it with two hands it would
look absolutely amazing
but because anyway so let the under do
this thing here I'm just kidding Hardman
so anyway I'm just cleaning my hands in
that cuz obviously you know I'm saying
like that's me
pebbles - waiting for food ain't getting
none fun so now what I'm doing moving it
around people ask me why do I do this I
don't know I just see the cooking
problem programs do this I think it's
more like with pancakes in that anyway
then we get the bird here get the bird
now I'm just gonna get one piece because
I'm know about that greevey life I just
want one right now
leave it hungry I'm just thinking for
you guys so you don't solve to death you
know I mean at least you can tell your
parents the humzaproductions is teaching
you education I mean cooking squirrel
enough now we get this mud Brown
unfortunately make do I'll get watch one
day and I just pop in here alright now
don't do what I just did because you
could've burn yourself so best thing is
to one of those ones yeah
anyway we leave it there not the egg
that looks pretty different from real
life eggs I don't know how it looks like
that but we're gonna carry on in it
we're not gonna waste the egg because
that's hashtags wrong now we need this
we need this people ask me what is this
cool I don't know if you know please
comment down below it looks like a spoon
with holes that's all I can say
so we're just waiting for this to stop
firing and stuff and this is alright we
have to keep an eye on this because we
don't want the the brown toast to get
even brown on burning then I'm
saying so people still out here still
waiting for food hey stop licking
yourself bro i'm hygena Kunda Shoreham
corrode anyway we are here
all right guys the once again do that
French thing now there's gonna be a
point that you have to twist it around
you have to flip it now if you get the
split wrong then you might as well
divorce in life you know I'm saying so
here we go I don't actually you know I
give it save more seconds let me just
turn this around you see it's no big
brown but not too Brown oh those sound
effects
that's why I did it one hunting gear one
handful on skew blue blue the hell bro
I'm going to Ramsay bro hey sunflower
seed oil cause then your mom would start
like cussing you in that and then you
put it in here and you just flat never
see you again until you next make egg
but to be fair my mom makes food for me
I don't really need a cooking knife so
this is to like you know happening I
think I leave that this and fro in the
mid now certain bubbles like you might
be going through hard times so I guess
you can eat yeah I think it's fully
edible but don't take my word on that
feel like choking diocese or get show
poisoning I don't even need you put this
all that straight away like it's kind of
he's a big dog I'm gonna lie but it's no
like dog dog by his dog in him
 the dock alright so let's just skip
this look how appetizing that looks I
mean this is like Michelin stuff you
know Michelin stars like I've heard
someone say Michelin stars before sounds
good
so anyway yes dock on the sides by Sora
in it now we know we don't racist our
hair dude I mean dark like everyone's
welcome
now pebbles is out here obviously got
fleas so guys remind me to check her out
or she wants to go actually yeah I know
you waiting for food but don't worry
about it
just go go he did you know saying cool
anyway now the egg should be finished
you see the sides is bit crispy and that
so put this off and walk now watch how I
speak this you know I mean you go be
careful my G's C just like rinse out the
sunflower sequel
cuz this base yeah I mean and then what
we do you place this like that
okay so believe that that's off now
that's office wall so no fires in the
house hopefully we'll see what once and
now you think that it's finished by it's
not now my G's is very important so
spring cool pingu and a little bit of
pepper maybe a little bit more yeah
there you have it my G's under toast
well as white people say it concerns me
so yeah man I'm really really not gonna
probably eat this because this doesn't
even I don't know it's all right
this alright it's not as bad as the last
one in it and so I think I'm getting
better if you think I'm getting better
at that please comment down below and we
obviously starring in stages so I know
people start saying darling I'm not
gonna attempt to make darlin to like
week Hui children I mean but this is
gonna happen every week and guys make
sure you check out the four videos that
I put on
last two weeks I've been grinding and
more importantly Batman 9 is gonna be
out hopefully inshallah fingers crossed
on Tuesday so make sure you like this
video tell me if you have eaten egg and
toast and you've learned from me and
I've hoped your life please make me make
me aware of this in the comments down
below let me know what you want me to
make next for next week cause it happens
every week and the guys as always I love
you you know I'm saying me
