it starts with a young boy waking up for
another day of college now first of all
he was late but as always he didn't
really care so he made some breakfast
and he got the green top because he was
on a diet he got the fake crunchy not
own flakes because it was cheaper and
bam Gordon Ramsay would be proud then he
got changed put his shoes on and left
thinking that today is just like any
other day
but he was wrong sometimes life can come
up like a jump-scare in a horror movie
and that's what today turned out to be
so as the boy went off to college and he
got onto the bus he remembered that he's
fully forgetful and he forgot his
college pass so he went back home and as
he went home he realized that the phone
was ringing and he decided to pick up
and that's when everything changed it
was his cousin four son who started to
explain what had happened earlier today
he told him how he was in South London
and he was going somewhere and he was on
the phone to his oldest brother for him
as he was walking down the steps a few
boys asked if he could borrow two pounds
the two got has changed and they took
the piss and they took it over they also
took out more money for his wallet and
took off his older brother for he was on
the phone and he could hear everything
so him and the middle brother for Vaz
came down to Cephas on to see if he was
okay
was on what well he said a couple of
guys man I just took my money it's not a
finger as this happens they came across
a few of the boys and that took four
sons money Suzanne told them to leave it
but I didn't and they coached them now
for was the middle brother was angry and
upset as any brother would be the eldest
for he being the most sensitive one he
broke up and took his brothers away but
that wasn't the end of it now we go back
to the boy at the store he put the phone
down and he went to the hospital to see
if his cousins were okay everyone was
there auntie's uncles cousins and all
his friends it was complete madness so
the boy then took a few of his cousin's
to decide to find out what actually
happened afterwards
well you need to be a bit more careful
next time no I don't want to hear it and
you we're gonna talk when we get home I
didn't even do nothing
for him the oldest got stabbed
repeatedly
the knife went in ten centimeters deep
he got hit by brakes by a motorcycle
helmet beaten to a pulp and his lungs
were punctured he probably wasn't gonna
make it
and the truth is that the boy who was
listening to this was me now when I was
younger was completely different to how
you know me now yes I was still a clown
but I had the backside - my mom came
over with tears in her eyes knowing that
her nephew might not make it tonight so
she slapped me warning me not to even
think about retaliating of course I
would I was so angry and all the boys
were asking me what the plan was next it
was simple
I called one of my mates to get a few
boys together we were gonna get toured
up and we were going to go to the
Estates and attack anyone that remotely
looked like trouble hoping that we will
eventually run into the boys everything
was sin but before I left I had to see
for him just in case I don't see him
again but what he said to me what he
said to me is something that I will
never forget
don't worry Ella I mean my boys were
gonna go to the station and Abed
I'm gonna fix everything you what's
right giggling us okay promise me you do
anything promise
how can a man be so calm and humble
surely he wanted justice surely he
wanted revenge
but no for him he's better than that and
that's something I've always admired I
was shocked by responses his last words
it was then transferred to another
hospital immediately for life-saving
surgery he was supposed to die but he
didn't he survived now let's say he
didn't stop me and I did what I had to
do I would have hurt someone possibly
killed someone I would have got caught
as the police knew what happened and
they knew who I was I would have gone to
jail and I would never have achieved
what I've achieved now no Hamzah
productions no diary of a bad man
no YouTube ambassador all of that would
have gone because of Fahim I made the
right choice I stayed calm and instead
of seeking revenge
I stayed next to for him until he fully
recovered and it paid off a lot of the
boys got caught was disgusting when I
found out that some of them were even as
young as 14 and together the gang had
been jailed for a total of 46 years in
prison the gang leader who's only 20 at
the time was George for 15 years for
attempted murder the others also got
five to eight years with the intent to
cause grievous bodily harm and robbery
and Faison the younger brother who
actually played himself in this video
wanted to help me make this video to
stop young kids from making the wrong
decision the wrong choices since day one
for hims being my best friend he's
always had my back and I've always had
his he is easily one of the nicest and
most genuine person I know I could have
lost him if I did I wouldn't know what I
would have done
I listened and I kept faith and now he's
a teacher happily married with two
beautiful kids mashallah and the thing
is I'm not even half the man you are for
him
and I want you to know that I love you
and this video this video is dedicated
to you
you
