hey guys alrighty then what's going on
good I said what we're gonna do here is
we're gonna wait for everyone to come so
I'm gonna give it one minute and then we
will start the lesson of how to make the
corner you know I'm saying gee oh yeah
wait you saying hi to everyone hi to
everyone I YouTube live with Maggie and
used to that and the oi
videos oh baby fingers are not fingering
fingering all right cool
one minute two seconds let me just feed
my Billy in it
stupid pussycat UH one second yeah
what's everyone said oh hi and bye is
this oh oh guys chu man so many whoa
whoa but this is madness man I can't
keep up with that can you not slow down
maybe Oh got it covered
all right this this each of life the
madness you know let me just one minute
let me just feed my pot for one second
birth I sure I know you my finger man
I'm gonna give you this timber floor
Linda
you go ahead yeah oh yeah first comes to
worse we'll just have your cat food go
and have it gone go on come on come on
have it rough what you know what you
yeah excuse me my hand that's me I have
to wash my hands now guys hi hey Bailey
saying you at first of all let me just
say be people's are here right now two
hundred and something something
something so I wanna say I'm gonna be
doing this every week so once a week I
am gonna be streaming live on my YouTube
channel and I'm gonna teach you people
how to make Conor
now this goes out to all the magnums
has a mum that goes on holiday for no
apparent reason I apparently for
enjoyment we don't like that yeah I mean
because how we supposed to eat and for
all the gills that about to get arranged
marriage and they can't they can't cook
 brother I'll go you in it so I'm
gonna teach you people how to cook even
though I don't really know how to cook
and okay let me just let my our
default yes anyway um brother I
don't know why you look write paragraphs
like I'm gonna like read it in a 0.1
seconds yeah I'm sayin all right today
we are gonna make peanut butter and
jelly sandwich you know I'm gonna be
honest with you guys this is hard
you are means it sounds easy but it's
not easy now number one step number one
is to wash your hands so let me just put
this here so can you hear that obviously
Mainzer got a bit sobbing in that you
know I'm saying you know that you know
one of those ones been soaps be
expensive so you just use the Percel
yeah I mean was it very liquid oh you're
very liquid my G cool now obviously you
know how we do Lila Lila mohammed
rasoolullah three times in that now we
have the peanut butter we have the jam /
jelly we have the bread now this is how
we do it guys now first you need to plot
this is very nice flight
I pried this from well my mum wrote it
so I don't have okay you got the jab go
to peanut now obviously it's about the
bread so let's check this boy down
now a lot of people they they about that
sun-kissed life that the holy s--t life
but that's expensive so we just going to
do and we go we go to the section where
the breads like when they don't even
have a name like the company don't even
have a name so it's just
bread on it yeah I'm saying what's this
good why she did
why is he did don't get why she did okay
moms know about that receive life anyway
slap two breads
on the plight you have two birds yeah
now what we do now as you have to get a
knife
now obviously you know knife crime is
wrong but we're not we're not stabbing
anyone what we doing is making a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich you know I'm
saying my G's so we get the little knife
and now what we do first
I think or we need to be a bar so let's
go into the fridge obviously offering
this is bar I'm guessing so let's yep
probably probably but uh it says all
live spread I'm presuming this bar or
margarine or something so what we do now
yeah you put this down we get this this
module you know what not cooking it and
then get that like you know I mean like
proper like get properly done yeah I'm
saying and then we just bang bang and
just spread that ting Bob you know we
just spread it you know I mean like
maybe you make a Dawson of life oh yeah
or drink drink to be awake but anyway
let's take this seriously though so I'm
basically like evening it out in that
because you know I mean like margarine
is really important don't even know why
about I think it's because then it makes
the the marmalade in the peanut butter
like stick to the bread you know I'm
saying
so obviously got seeded like this whole
fee thing obviously we know about the
healthy life so don't worry about that
one here okay so he put a little bit
more because we're paying for this mod
ream and I think it's pretty much done
now to be fair
so yeah let's see let's see about yeah I
think that's all right so let me show
you guys what it looks like now yeah
bang that's what it looks like right now
so what we do now
they're not stabilities we do now here
you get this margarine I'm glad we don't
need you anymore
we're splitting up I'm saying yeah my
mother I'm gonna eat diable let me get
this peanut butter so it's ready three
percent extra free now if you're
Pakistani that's a deal right there yeah
I mean you open up smell it a lot of
people like if they want to see if it's
expired or look at the label bar just
minutes and probably expired bar you
know for video purposes and for my first
ever how to make video I think um we
just gotta allow it yeah I mean I'll
just get my like like my sister-in-law
to try it or whatever like you know test
subject in that now what you do is you
spread it you know I mean like just
spread it and I don't even look I just
show showed but who's boss you know I
mean give me a become you know I'm
saying let's sometimes we we need that
kind of arrogance in our life you know
I'm saying just you know just oh wise
people missus who say someone just said
something about muharram
big up my harem so anyway so you keep
spreading obviously please guys
concentrate is wrong okay because if you
if you did this wrong you might get food
poisoning and die and I don't like I
don't think any I don't think any of us
are about that death life you know I'm
saying so we carry on kind of look a bit
like 30 I'm not going to lie but so I so
I cool we don't have to look at it too
much you know I didn't have to look at
it yeah I mean you just buy dinner
peanut butter is a periscope protein in
it you know I mean so all the people who
want to go gym just have about seven of
these a day and you probably end up fat
to be fair okay so I'm gonna put a
little bit more I think I put a little
bit of that too much margarine yeah I
think I put a bit too much but probably
who she got becoming I'm saying we
spending it be spreading it and then
let's do a little bit more cuz it's PI
it anyway so no one's gonna eat this you
know I'm saying part for my
sister-in-law so we're gonna do this
lalala
whoo-hoo I like this I like this alright
cool
so let me show you what it looks like
right now
so right now here this is what we're
saying yeah that's all looking like it
looks lad
we all know what it looks like but we
don't want to say any cuz its food now
next thing is about this gel eating
this is definite spy it no one has this
but as I said for the video go do what
we gotta do you dancing so open it up
top good y'all thank you
how about strength you know I'm saying
wait dude you go in there and you just
dip this truly lap just dip it in and
just mix all the peanut butter and
margarine inside of it so your mum like
slaps you later you get a bit of this
and then bang yeah I mean just it it
just looks so appetizing don't it
like it just looks like something you'd
see in like a cookbook or Gordon Ramsay
sign sign sign you know
yeah just put a little bit here's will
put it there not to be honest a lot of
people use the the purple one you know I
mean I don't know if things black
covering or something but that black
currant kind of looks
oh no it looks better nah on but for it
be different unique you know I mean
because that's me I'm a unique guy
sometimes slap it is well just given you
a slap you know I'm saying you do that
and I apologize if anyone's fasting
today I'm not even fasting as ruler I'm
I'm also I'm taking medicine so not that
I'm gonna eat this anyway to be fair now
now you get them a bit nice and this is
very important so obviously most people
would clean it but if you have a mom or
sister in law just realise they're
probably gonna clean anyway so you just
leave it there and and see what one
maybe even give it a little rinse rinse
but not clean it fully because that's a
stupid you know I'm saying so anyway so
now we have this now I've just realized
that I needed the knife I actually
needed the knife to cut the right anyway
we'll get another one picking came to so
now I'm gonna do first of all and I'll
close this I'm gonna close this peanut
butter
yeah and I'm gonna put this together now
this is really important what you do is
you get your heart you push it down and
you make noises wrong yeah just do just
do it huh like that like make a noise
like that here and then you lick your
lips mmm poisoning and then now what
we're gonna do is we're gonna get some
water ease get chilly right here now
guys I know everyone's getting hungry
but chill chill this is this is not for
you but now what we need to do is we
need to eloquently cut this piece of
bread and there you have it peanut
butter and jelly sandwich look how nice
it looks but I should be a cook at the
moment of truth for everyone wish me
luck one dream
you know because I love my family so
much I'm just gonna leave it for them
because that's what it's about love and
respect with family so anyway guys
that's how you make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich now what I need you to do
is comment wherever you can comment what
you want me to do next week do you want
me to make like lamb Brioni do you want
me to make iron or pie do you want me to
make fish and chips but Gordon whatever
you suggest I will try my best with my
obviously my are the most chilling
skills I will try my best to make it
next week so yeah guys just let's just
say some people say chicken curry
some people said dollar come on Doc
don't say that don't be stupid bro some
more cereal am Brioni okay all you're
doing here is you're just repeating what
I said now be creative in it like let's
say something else make Ruti oh that's a
good one
roti is kind of hard and most girls
don't know about hot like they don't
know how to make routine that's 90% of
why couples get divorced now you know
that's actually a statistic don't google
it though cause it made that up and it's
not really real but yeah naan jalebi oh
how do you make jalebi yeah this could
be really this week we could be on to
something we could like we can change
history we could like grow and learn
together cuz I I don't lie to me make
jalebi bumper issue you can make jalebi
in it Rose mmm chicken piccata yeah yeah
chicken pakoras a good one but near yeah
for my veggies bigger yogi eating gross
in that yeah what else cake I don't know
we need a cake guy I like chocolate
fudge cake but yeah he takes a good one
pork ribs man I'll make a beef oh my god
I can't even keep up with you guys you
guys have man tell you guys a mentor can
people like this is work I just want to
see if can be that can people like this
right now
just like cuz right now some 417 likes
oh wow
okay no
- jumped thank you guys you guys listen
you guys are like the opposite of me oh
wow
can we get to 500 likes before oh it's
already 500 likes okay I'm a bit slow
how about can we see if you guys like it
then I will tell you what Wan about bad
man 9 because I have some good news and
I've got some bad news
so shall we shall we just wait shall we
say 600 I don't really like the number 6
Thor but let's see how long it would
take to get to 600 likes all right I'll
wait it's already 600 okay you guys are
very quick and oh wow you look you look
keep going okay cool got some good news
and I've got some bad news what do you
want to hear first good news or bad news
just right good or bad what do you want
I'm doing a live stream right now you
wouldn't want to go in this my
sister-in-law waist man I made you a
sandwich by the way pick up yeah you
have to give me five minutes okay dorri
I made food for everyone you don't need
to make any food sister-in-law
okay back people want bad news okay but
you know what you're exactly like me
okay the bad news is bad man and is not
coming out on the 6th of October
say
okay you guys took that well or you
probably didn't hear it oh no people
calling me Boston okay so um yeah it's
not coming out on the 6th of October
however the good news is this on the 6th
of October the full trailer will be
released and only the next week just one
week you get the full episode so it's
Friday the 13th now it's only one week X
crosses two weeks from now and next week
you're getting the trailer anyway and
good news as well this is this is
another thing is it's gonna be the best
episode by four especially if you like I
don't know stuff that's good so yeah
it's it's gonna be mental and I think
that when you guys watch the trailer on
the 6th then you realize why I needed
that extra week because I just want it
to be perfect for you guys you know I
mean you've been waiting for 14 years
anyway so you might as well wait one
more week and as I said in that week I
just want to edit harder and more and
it's already killing me to be fair but
when you see the trailer next week you
will understand what we are dealing with
because I've leveled up time I've left
up saying English so anyway so guys I
gotta go
we are gonna do this and soon now what I
need you to do on my social so I've
obviously got Instagram that I always
use at homes of production I've got my
snapchat hums the production and I've
also got my what's it called Twitter but
no one really uses three apart from
white people by what Twitter's or humza
production yeah I also have Facebook but
that sums the productions with the s
like and that's the proper one in it but
yeah leave your comments and tell me
what you want me to make next week and
next week I am gonna do a live stream
again and we are gonna go for it okay so
we did something a bit basic but
something that's needed and now
obviously I'll tell my family and we are
open inspired peanut butter and jelly
sandwich but until then bail up to
everyone I'm gonna post something soon
on my insta make sure you read it bail
after everyone and and yeah love you
guys yeah keep widening team bad man
hashtag team
Badman
