let me get to the point official now
please or doc another life it's official
it's coming out on the 6th of October
2000 into something I don't even know
bro to do with your Super Show so here
we go one thing that happens to everyone
the phone singing well I hope you
enjoyed the video make sure you like
comment and subscribe on the message of
the day is a rape is wrong it is
subscribe play and anyway I don't think
that everyone gets phone who now look at
JP I don't think no one who's in breath
unless he has key phones and he uses one
to hold the other he does do that anyone
pissed off man now I want to speak for
every single Asian kid all across the
world hop off from the Asians in Antonia
yes I don't even like the name brandoni
or yourself that's an ancient Greek
theme park he moves a lot of naked men I
don't like it it sounds like it was in a
place from the movie they neverending
story which I didn't like because he
ended no sayst open it in and then I
found on cinemas and I see two outlets
finished probably never ending story mom
some false advertisement you know but my
point is Asian moms don't let go of two
things number one they don't let go of
brushes and number two they will not let
go of the remote control and I'm sure we
can all relate to this video
now please told me that you've never
heard your mom say this line I'll ever
have time to watch TV
are you mad your layout but if you need
the steps on your own for spring for
bunnies I'm something you I crossed
yourself in Lisle a dream that we
fooling but every time I see my mom
not
I think you've had enough now young lady
that's not very young and you know she's
to blame the Kapil Sharma show
does anyone mom watch that shit it's on
a stage here and all these like these
people and they dress up as women and do
some really dumb crap and then you have
this one Indian guy that's see on this
special Game of Thrones gotcha who wants
be bowing to him laughs yes boss wrong
thinking rolling who's this guy is he
the Prime Minister of India
does he have super powers now who is
this guy this guy must be fully in porn
I'm a long turns around and she's like
oh yeah he used to play a little bit of
cricket man what he used to play cricket
he must be the best cricket player in
the world for him to get that kind of
respect the Ferengi
that's enough
according to Steve Butler you come in
and your mom's watching TV and I said
has something important like the house
is on fire and she's like big boy you're
done watching TV but when we watch TV
they want to talk about everything
talk about Pakistani politics your
cousin's going out with some white guy
what Islam says about the importance of
a mother it's going to rain tomorrow if
you should pick the Hoover upstairs that
floor is in 25 minutes time prep again
it's in 25 minutes time can you tell me
in 25 minutes then mommy that will
always tell you when the mosque is like
40 minutes before just wait for 40
minutes and when the time is right
tell me Unum on route don't say no
mothers in 40 minutes I was in the
mosques in 30 minutes 10 minutes make
sure you do you know man 70 minutes left
in the world you know man time
let me check now it's in two hours time
it doesn't just happen to me and I'm you
know it's that when you're watching TV
your mom will come out of nowhere and be
like I'm Zach can you put the volume
down please 13100 fam what kind of dope
in hearing have you bought a third ear
on your back are you bad woman's husband
but then how respect and the fact you
don't wanna get slap up you put the
volume down so I put on it and still hit
back a little bit tomorrow
let me get even subtitles will be loud
but when they're watching TV they put it
so loud even copy surmise like what that
noise man I'm trying to to show for the
cricket player you play cricket right
okay you you you belong there
you belong at the top and you know those
ones when you're watching a favorite
program and your mom's leg can we watch
something else please
when did we come into it I've been here
for 50 minutes you just go ahead and you
you're starting to say we and you know
those ones when you're watching a movie
and it's like a very important scene and
your mom will come on over like
Christian Bale Batman and she just
starts talking on the phone bail out
dropping lyrics and everything and I'm
like someone please please kill me then
you politely just go even a little
sign that can you please go like what's
this basically that finger saying shut
up and then you have no choice but to
put the volume up 16:17 just to
overpower their basic Punjabi village
your voice in it and then they will have
the audacity to turn around and say yeah
can you put the volume down okay and I'm
trying to talk where and have you ever
been in those situations when you're
sitting in the living room by yourself
and your mum O'Connor unaware how
disease and should look on the TV and
OBS a scene where people are kissing was
on a noise you know I know isn't it no
don't hear all those famous lines at
once yeah
what are you watching this disgusting
program cello cello change channel
gingival bus kids watch her when I walk
into the living room and I see my mom
watching some disgusting what are you
watching bro and then we turn around and
say it's not as bad as your dirty
programs from ours watching friends you
watching a documentary about lazy boys
in Thailand I can see a woman with a
willy I think you one's a little bit
worse I don't know if this is just me
but my mum has recorded like over 142
million programs on sky planner but she
will always fall down to the one program
the one shoulder I faced and should turn
around and say delete it
my dad is a beaut no it says recorded so
obviously I haven't seen it you should
oh you've recorded more things than
bollywood directors give me time to
watch it when you watch problem going to
watch it when you finally fall asleep
and let go of the remote control okay
but when you watch it make sure you
delete after okay hang on why are you
making I'm the one thing you the space
right should be ashamed from you're the
one who's recorded 14 episodes of
ladyboys in Thailand never even quoted
one thing one thing one's a lot no no
the only thing that
say to all the young people watching
this we can't really watch TV anymore
fam because there's way too many Indian
dramas with slo-mo so my best advice is
just watch my youtube videos on your
phone yeah and do that but seriously
kiss your mom in the cheek and explain
to her nicely that ladyboys is kind of
Haram
