yeah okay first of all I would like to
apologize to every single person who is
watching this right now because today
unfortunately there will be no jokes and
this will be a completely different
video now a lot of people ask why what's
going on well I'll tell you what's going
wrong a few of my brothers have brought
to my attention a lot of things that are
going on in Burma right now and it's no
laughing matter I guarantee that seventy
to eighty percent of the people who are
watching this right now will have no
idea what's going on genocide is going
on but people don't even know about that
do you know why because the media ain't
showing shit why would the media show
Muslim suffering and being killed and
make people sympathize with these these
Muslims and and make them feel sorry for
Muslims no that's like the opposite of
what they're trying to do they don't
mind doing one of these crazy stupid
ridiculous headlines that always
involved like Muslim dates and Islamic
nice and dumb headlines like you know
evil Muslim dog attacks gross they don't
mind that but when Muslims are in need
of help they are nowhere to be seen I've
seen stories like should the corner will
be banned I've seen more footage and in
time of that then thousands of people
dying in Burma I decided to make this
video just to address to my fans what's
going on there is a place in Southeast
Asia my unmarked and now a large amount
of the population are actually Buddhist
so 90% of the community are Buddhists
and less than 10% I would say are
Muslims now there is a small community
of Muslims in Myanmar and they are
called the Rohingya people and these
people have been suffering for years not
only from the military but actually even
from anti Muslim monks that have been
killing and torturing their hing young
people for years now allegedly I think
it was on the 9th of October in 2016
a few of the Rohini young people
attacked I think some police officers
and nine police officers died now this
made things even worse and now the
military have been killing so many
people
I have seen videos of of men being
beaten tortured killed
there are even satellite images of
villages like whole communities being
burnt to a crisp completely demolished
there are numerous accounts hundreds and
hundreds of accounts of women who are
now being raped so freely I've actually
seen a video of a young kid being
tortured I've seen people being burned
alive I've seen stacks and stacks of
dead bodies being just burned like it's
nothing
this is ethnic cleansing this reminded
me of back in the day when the Nazis
were killing the Jews and half the
reason why World War Two you know even
Papen was because so many people wanted
to you know stop the killings of
innocent Jews I mean that was ethnic
cleansing and it was disgusting it was
wrong but now it's happening to Muslims
no one's talking about it no one's doing
any um look I'm I'm making a video I'm
too lazy to make videos brother everyone
knows that if I'm making a video about
something then you know that it's
important and it's support because no
one is doing anything about it it's
absolutely disgusting how the MediaHub
literally just just run away from it
tens of thousands of refugees are
fleeing Myanmar fleeing my enmity to you
know seek shelter and safety and all the
surrounding Muslim countries are all
rejecting these refugees not one is
helping Bangladesh is one of their
neighbors and they are even turning away
refugees and not helping anyone
Prime Minister you know full well that
they are being persecuted in their own
country they tried to run away and
they're refused entry to your country
well why we should allow to enter our
country we just pursued them and we
provided them all everything what they
needed why you asking me this question
you should ask this question to the
Myanmar government it is not our
small-scale ability it is their
responsibility they saying we are too
busy with our own problems we don't need
to be
involved in your problems the only
country that's actually gone out and
done something so far is Turkey who are
sending you know eight as we speak and
that's amazing so you know what Turkey
you're keeping it rule thank you so much
not to all my Muslim brothers and
sisters please don't just watch this and
say oh yeah this is really bad and just
walk away and do nothing about it
let's all get together let's do
something productive like as an
individual working you to to make things
better you know can you spare a bit of
money to charity can you send some money
over can you do something to help those
people in mean like even even putting up
a post just sharing it on social media
so if you have 50 followers or hundred
followers a few thousand followers
however many followers you have at least
these people will be aware of what's
going on that there are people out there
that need our help and this is not just
for Muslims like even for non-muslims
because me personally if I saw this
going on in in another part of the world
and this was happening not to Muslims
but to Hindus or to Christians or even
to atheists just in general as a human
being I would go out my way to do
something about it to speak out and to
make a difference to stop this ethnic
cleansing but please I urge everyone
who's watching this it doesn't matter
what what religion you believe in what
faith you have where you come from what
postcode you are like it doesn't matter
let's all get together let's all do
something about this and and please just
share this video and hopefully we can we
can make some sort of difference let's
all have them in other words inshallah
take your love
