seven unwanted heat homes twelve
celebrity deaths and eighth cousin
wishes later I'm back once again
celebration time
so every Friday there will be a new
diver Batman short episode coming to you
and make sure you subscribe because if
you haven't man's gonna bail up these
aren't equal Sean from Pakistan really
nice person as well does a lot of
charity work but if also a part-time
instructor so if you don't subscribe I
will make for some cost a semi Haram
spell on you and your life will be oh
she's more gum you know I'm saying since
you don't mind every pound dysfunction
then please know subscribe Fuhrman just
keep telling your wife you're tired so
emo funny enough
okay enough speed yes stop making the
same mean family one of my friends is so
done he pronounces a mean Mimmi what the
hell is in me me Sam unless she's right
and I'm the one financing it it's means
right oh shit oh now I'm questioning
myself so today I'm not doing it I've
done a few of those good long-distance
phone conversations see a family members
in Pakistan slowly can break ties your
teacher don't know who you are what do
you mean better I'm your dad's cousin
his father's mother in law's friends I
don't know what you want I sent you
money on we transfer did you get it - I
don't know money or maybe he's dead yeah
maybe he's dead I don't know I will not
look for you I will not pursue you so I
will see you soon dinner on can you
please tell your mom I love her but
don't tell don't tell your dad
Dori isn't no Evie I'm expecting the
people completely wrong and they're
probably doing it next week but today we
are gonna talk about something that all
parents that's love
let's be honest top him as though we
like each other that much each mo the
other day my dad was like giving me
headache
do you know what - really annoys me
nothing what's another baby babies Bob
let each evoke a boy like nappy isn't
that no better we never use nappies with
you too expensive we just leave you to
shit in the jeans you know okay
technically that doesn't make any sense
because you would spend more money
when White's cleaning me and then
cleaning the clothes which also cost
money clean no no Tommy no we didn't do
that with you so we didn't buy no wet
wipes or Nothing or tissue or too
expensive Hamza
we just let you do it in just relax you
just ignore it you know we just ignored
it
I don't read you as parents I'm not
gonna lie but the point is I don't
really live in it and some love some was
really annoying I found especially when
the last time a securin was I know yeah
I think but I was kind of course cuz I
wanna headlock in it so I was born a
sophomore
let me find like the shittiest music
videos that it would be me
and bad we here now and this first song
is called angel and it's by thought his
shop I don't really care if I pronounced
it wrong cuz you don't deserve any
respect after watching this now the
beginning kind of reminds me of
Armageddon or one of those doctors that
connect lectures so the intro that they
have on the VHS tapes don't ones and
then you see some clouds in shape and
then we end up in a golf course and can
I just say that these angel wings would
definitely without a doubt made by
five-year-olds but nobody has gonna nose
wings fan then it starts looking like a
pakistani Ribena hardware and in the
song starts and then you listen to the
lyrics and then you realize something
straightaway
mankind vengers
my heart is like a roll
mankind
this guy's on crack the body is having
an acid trip right now
how much weed have you gone
I still have no idea what the hell he's
talking about and from his fashion
designer I'm gonna be moved he deserves
to be stoned to death why is my mom
waving he looks like the most happiest
witch doctor in ib4 and this line don't
rub me whatsoever my own personal
opinion but in my heart I don't believe
that he said the word angel enough
he could say we get it brown it's about
angels trust me no angels are listening
to the shit we only angel but you're
provoking is the Angel of Death and
slash the laziest so Briah
i have ever experienced and heard in my
life I mean listen to the lasting lines
it's like gave up like he's like a song
and his ex Gordon halfway through and
he's his big ass that hard
lalala okay let me see what she wants
you want me back
no oh okay Oh fine let me just go on the
chorus now and then you see is be an
offense but I think she's had one too
many rotis in her lifetime
let's let this first still exist maybe
you should let oh no check it out she
needs experience like hell yeah I'm
saying
I'm just watching this woman walk to our
man and I'm thinking how long is this
wall how long has this Morty be more
careful
can someone please get this cookie and
blue ball and sympathy I want to find
out who's the cameraman is then look at
this just press have you gone ipad on
both eyes I'm sure they even in the shop
and shower once again to the poetic some
rare with this amazing artistic line
when I found you I was so glad well that
shakes me right there now you can tell
especially from the whole road just off
because only people probably who attract
this much shit when they're in love now
obviously this guy can't sing for shit
and evil eyes is this so equal okay
maybe I do a little bit talking an army
but burn what you're about to hear is
truly terrifying a human like an engine
shines are the star the engine's
character speech like a flower these
stars are decorated by angels but they
you question a safe drug do bro how
scary was that I'll try to watch that in
the dark without woody Rob you'll be
seeing it and I'm not gonna lie I think
this guy has a thing for like flowers
and angel angels character speech like a
flower by Angela please tell me about
your new single will you support angels
and flowers okay okay good
we finished have you finished
you did you finish huh okay thank you
for your time have you seen this backup
as well but they don't look like they're
ramping cause and you don't think that
this music video is wait enough then
I'll know it this happens
kid where's he taking him why is the kid
wearing lipstick why does he look so
conscious kiddo is this his kid I need
to know I'm concerned Pam you just found
the key to the circus in the kid glass I
don't know how have you comfortable with
that
why did he dress the kid in a dress
plaid me to know these things
lynnie care finds that this kid is his
son which I'm like ooh hoo and I
genuinely love this lush off because you
could obviously tell this woman ain't
his real mom because she don't even
wanna kiss him look she's so like my
makeup right now she doesn't wanna show
this kid any affection one day now just
Nick song is a classic and if you
haven't heard of it then you're
obviously living right now guys name is
Vince Malaysia
don't even know that there's a name I
need a name vennu mallesh summer taking
this pizza like maybe my Intel's wrong
because I don't sound like a real name
time I'm saying I don't sound like a
real name
it's my life whatever I wanna do now
when the English isn't even correct in
the title then you know you're about to
experience a new loaf am now genuinely
if you ask me what kind of genre this
music video is I would have to say
horror I mean look how skinny this is
hey are you interested yeah but it's not
a sauna it's my life what and then you
feel sorry for them because they're
obviously in a music studio but you
could tell they had no budget for
instruments so in every shop you see my
main show Alex in part I'm no math
look-alike pretending to play
instruments which they obviously can't
afford and then we made it be Pauly D
now I don't know if the song is targeted
to his mom or his wife or whoever but
he's obviously suffered some for
bullying in his past judging by his
depressing rebellious lyrics
what's a symmetric you know I'm walking
there and you can't stop me and when I
finish I'm walking there and maybe dead
and maybe I walk back with still and no
one can stop me and who's gonna stop you
from walking you know those who don't
have anything positive to say but they
still want to be part of conversation so
just crying and just ravishing but
listen to what she says if you lose like
that about you
why is he attempting to do American
accent please stop doing that I know
you've got Nickelodeon on your fake box
but stop it and why is my mango
underpants on his head
then can you why like does it help you
create crazy fantastic beats like this
because if that's what you think I don't
think those Underpants are working BAM
and I hope there was a hope no time the
pants don't belong to the guy next to
you cuz now with me even waiter but for
some weird reason I think there's more
possibility of that being true and when
I had I knew straight away that his
friends are fully real
do you really wanna admit that lie on a
song and I just say Titus rushing
fooling me continues you slowly start to
realize that no one really likes this
guy his teacher don't like him he's
David all I came his mum don't like him
his father don't even like him
genuinely his insta post must get no
likes and then mr. Jager in frock amis
returns and his limits are getting so
shit
but even the dough that he's collabing
with is giving that baseline why you
want
I mean smoking weed without hair and
then I realized that this guy is eloping
you know
and this one supernote reward me what's
the dirt he is pissing me off
please give someone call my internet
provider and cancel everything I don't
really want any more of this and then I
realize that this Pablo Escobar mucho or
select employs the same summer I started
as Here I am singing this is why fake
kids don't do drugs
this guy is crapping at the end no
because he smashed it because our song
finally finished but if I've missed any
music videos then please make sure you
comment below bye anyway remember guys
on the 6th of December not actually
September I will announce the date that
bad bad night is coming out so it's
gonna be badness and I'm gonna little
surprise so make sure you check that out
on the 6th of September come to the
YouTube channel obviously just subscribe
and you get the notification straight
away and now I'm gonna see you guys
every Friday so stay tuned make sure you
follow me on all social icons of
production have a great II and I'll see
you soon
