what I'm doing abroad bad Martha have no
mission
I let me get straight to the point yet
once enough equal party
baby baby-by i guarantee that there is
one family out there that's watching
right now by celebrating it today five
daily you know that's probably a fact
that I could probably bet my life on
that we all have that one friend about
evens on the next day you know those who
are thrilled about the new leg
blowing is the boss and you know what no
one was there maybe because you did it
five days later let certain people
follow salty and certain people follow
the local off I'm thinking what moon do
you follow the moon in Ibiza I'm not
only gonna make ourselves don't track up
in the house and you my own net user Eve
of five days later you're scaring them
and if you loco musk is doing this while
doing me ask you sir why I'd be doing
this is it because your local Imam is
like alhamdullilah brothers and sisters
I obviously work in Odeon cinema part
time and Friday alhamdulillah by the
grace of God and my manager Matthew I
have Friday off so initialize the mosque
will be this Friday where it will be
most convenient for me but you know
what's the funniest thing about it now I
would go even imagine my boys and you
know in the beginning with our mom's
life we will start off by saying a lot
better four times just one you do and
then you put your hands down the second
one is they allowed but when you put
your hands down let me do that head one
and you see a lock with obviously put
your hand down and then number four they
allow it but
then you do this you've done this a
million times so everyone should know
but you'll always get that one void this
is all up in the first one is just your
first time ice way he's been going in
the mosque for the last 21 years
hopefully an old fam I'm pretty sure
this is not your first evening ours but
I hope you had an amazing game and
there's so much to celebrate 50 if
you're partying Batman because we are
about to load my very own toe on the BBC
tree on July the 5th you get me from Big
Mountain but I'm so big right now that
when someone pokes anybody
I think look at me though look from my
else but not me cool I'm a big deal now
you know I used to shampoo expensive
shampoo that's what big mountain but I'm
so big I go to the goldwater from Ikea
I'm so big guy I actually cry for no
reason because I'm that big I'm so big
diet we get sweet chili sauce true story
and you have to go down sit in the
kitchen and take it from the cupboard is
free from so big that I wear a watch at
the bill who does that who has a watch
for a bill no one but I'm so big but I
fired my manager my voicemail in
Japanese he's probably still trying to
translate dashi net is going to go home
and look in the mirror and realize that
he has a specific life and then he
should flip himself for being so sad and
pathetic in his life okay to be honest
I'm not gonna lie I'm not even that big
so then if you're watching this class as
you know fired yet now let me tell you a
little bit about this the show is called
coconut and it's taught on it Armstrong
adjustment documentarian cuz it works
for patination
image these documentaries about how to
be brutal and these documentaries are
without a doubt the shittiest
documentaries you will ever see in your
life and something always goes wrong and
every either way from coconut is because
he's brown on the outside but why in the
inside if you do have that one coconut
friend please make sure you expose their
life by right
name in the comments down below let's
get these coconuts know that you you
Fumero coconut and I miss Armstrong
himself wanted to record a special
message for you guys today so all the
pain I'm um a dancer award-winning
gentleman document case and I'm here
with my prodigy beloved say hello love
hello pillows no not but anyways I'm
here to talk about my new show on the
BBC three yes the channel BBC which
stands for quick cluck winters why don't
you why don't you think okay and anyone
really left to talk about my show
coconut yes and the white produces four
right they are telling me that this
represents you know in spirit heart is a
rock usually harder the wrong car is
wrong wrong hard as wrong I don't do
that is he sounds really creepy and but
yes it stops nothing to do with a big
hairy brown balls no that belongs to be
loves mother just to be demented really
anyways make sure you tune in as we make
it history yes British history but I'm
something that I shouldn't even speak
any language every time I want something
done I'll just do this nothing could
improved it to do something and I've
already done something of a long show so
I'm going to be something quite fast at
now with the team and we want you to do
something special to promote coconuts
best as possible
and we were thinking of different ways
to promote coconut and then one of the
team members with legs
maybe you should bake your clothes off
how's that ideas when I help in any way
shape back up woman okay take it off and
what's wrong with you brother
me being make it didn't really help so
people will give a big budget to arm it
I'm strong to help promote coconut on it
also but you already knew that you know
when you are doing a camping trip having
slogans and references is invited
tournament have make America great again
and mother Teresa has strong and stable
so I've also come up with it
slogan to help promote the new show on
the BBC be open to your dealings dolly
that we have this how hot is your
Bridget do that that's expensive
that's a fortune in people's personal
then we have this one made the force you
need you beautiful overhead imaginative
and beautiful passionate to $90 that
you'd be so lucky
no don't think about it not - they're
beautiful beautiful and you're just
remotely make is read great again
teaching you don't have to
why you wearing it you're not giving
your baby can ask you one question
you are not valid done no such a smile
I've not fish it's a question why do you
think you're not married you know why
because no one likes you look at me I
like you I don't like you the cloud
behind you mm like you
the Cameron are you not even liking you
would you smile because you so should
you know it for that and that's when we
realized I should never give him a
budget again therefore anything why we
tried selling this shirt but you know
who brought the shirt no one tried to
get arrested may one for free and she
declined we even tried to give it away
to charity and the people in the third
world country sent them back they're
taking the fifth but then we do have a
great idea to don't only help promote
the show coconut but also to give back
to the fan
what is it give away you ask you will
win for seven days and seven nights will
be thrown out first-class to Barbados
all expenses paid and for so you will
have a thousand pounds of spending money
each you will also win to Playstations
by PlayStation 1 and your apparel
a dead one though six Lamborghinis a
Thai massage by the way and a fully
loaded gun okay maybe I was exaggerating
like but you don't want any of that but
what you're doing you'll get a ticket to
come to my premium cool coconut at the
YouTube space on Wednesday you'll meet
lo the sauce get to see a few episodes
of coconut and also get to see me with
shit to be honest and let the best
friends you could ever have your left so
all you need to do is this Friday night
I will open post one in suppose it will
pop you active all you need to do is we
post it tag me in and promote the crap
out of it
and then ten bands will be chosen to
come down Mimi and have a good time as a
coconut premier I don't know why I
realize that I don't even drink
and on Monday ten people will be chosen
as the winners why do they like this
video don't forget to be post hashtag
coconut underneath and subscribe
