Rockhead what a groaning and let me get
straight to the point here Rob I ain't
gonna lie I'm in LA right now and I had
way too much red blood for red news
yesterday don't do that in life that's
not life I swear to you I I you know
when I went to sleep
never never went to sleep brows anyway
what's gonna oh my god oh hey hi
yes yes Lance first yo-yo oh wow okay oh
you guys are still crazy you guys are
crazy er than ever honestly but we've
been doing this for what six seven years
and team Batman just keeps on growing
it's mild it's like an erection but
don't stop what is going on alright
alright let's see let me shower some
people actually you know what let me do
that at the end first I need to quickly
say guys team bad man this video is for
you and only you no one else we have
just here Artie not AE or T million
bills
oh my god I would I would go crazy right
now but I would look like a loser like
getting crazy by myself with these
glasses on so I'm not going to do that
but do you know how mad that is guys
Artie million dudes are tearing him so
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna wake up
the neighbors even though it's like 10
o'clock MA everyone's asleep because all
of my friends all my YouTube friends are
drunk okay
thank you all someone said you just have
80 million subs I just want 1 million
but I ain't got 1 million I don't know
why I don't know why cuz but inshallah
we're gonna get it
obviously in Shalonda anyway before I'd
make this video I don't think I've think
I've only done live once I've only done
more live once but I want to do this for
about 10 to 15 minutes we'll see how how
we how we go you know I don't want to
get
connection or don't like the poor
connection oh come on let me just let me
move the hair hopefully it's not poor
connection because I moved it a little
bit you know I mean like angles like
diagrams algebra you know I'm saying cuz
uh oh okay never
guys please remind me never to move
again okay even if I move house just
told me not to this is a mansion that's
different cuz my house okay bye guys
I obviously glosses I stole them
I ain't gonna lie because lying is Haram
do you know I mean bust all these
glasses but I want to say genuinely from
the bottom bottom of my dil thank you so
much guys eighty million views how crazy
is that and one day I know for a fact
like 100 million views is gonna happen
inshallah as long as I don't die and
someone don't stab me my back and say
hello
for no reason like I'm safe so inshallah
that won't happen because I know now I'm
scared I don't know why I don't know I
won't live my life in fear but I just
want to say thank you so much guys and
another thing as you guys know I have
been working so hard and I've been
putting out two videos every week two
videos every week it's been going great
we've hit over 350,000 I think we're on
I think we're nearly on three hundred
and fifty five thousand subscribers so
it's gone up dramatically since I've
been doing two a week so yeah it's been
crazy and then I dropped a trailer
yesterday if you haven't seen it it's my
new show my own show on BBC three and
it's called coconut I just want to see
has anyone seen coconut and if you have
have you shaded because do you know how
much of a big deal is a Pakistani Muslim
having his own show on BBC brother
levels to this level to this brother
who's seen it okay oh one hundred
million views
alright cool someone said sex okay still
Ramadan broth and
looks good show unshaded thank you I've
said no no no sorry we nearly died we
nearly died oh oh no no no no no guys
Kim you liked this video as ro I don't
know why we want people to like this
video but it's quite important just can
you just press the like button right now
and can you just say that you press the
like button
so I know thank you I'm a secure bum I
know this coconut I so unseen it why is
my name Hamza though I don't know ask my
mum I got your back
I like that all wise people like wise
people messaging me brother I'm in LA
Chu done someone's done it someone's
liked it like only few people liked it
that's not good odds you know I have
also boop someone's done it yet light
like your glasses
oh yeah don't like my glasses like the
video birth liked it thank you I love
you too
I like I I will never make that noise
ever again okay so we're on three
minutes no five minutes into oh okay
alright so guys kokom bye guys I don't
know what happened there it's a poor
connection so I'm gonna try to do for
the next five minutes and I just want to
say I've got a few things to say first
of all coconut the trailer make sure you
spread that okay because I need people
to know that me Pakistani Asian Muslims
South London just London in general I am
trying to rep for everyone you know I
mean cuz right now I'm in LA this
bear-like youtubers in a layman and and
in America and they're doing a big boy I
need to I need to rep for my British
fans you know I'm saying so that's what
I've been doing guys as you can see I'm
repping cuz so BAE love for that and
yeah Ramadan the last few days and I'm
actually going back to London tonight to
see my family and I was going to say is
well guys as you know I have been off
love alhamdulillah during these two
videos a week I've been going crazy
because inshallah I want to get that 1
million do you know I mean but I'm gonna
ask you guys if it's okay I I want to
have some time off today there's not
going to be no episode coming out
because I just want to go back to my
family I want to give my mom the biggest
hug ever and I just want to chill with
my family and and just have you know the
week off so next Friday will officially
be divert bad man I'll be 1:30 no foolin
I don't even know but if you haven't
seen the last one the last one was what
was the last one can people remind me
cuz I don't even know I've made so many
videos recently but it's a madness yeah
I think it was the cricket one
so you're the cricket the pocket oh yeah
my Oh apples and pears nipples yeah so
guys um make sure you spread the word
and please allow okay I'm just waiting
for someone to to give me the date I
know there's a lag but you should
predict the future though is it thirty
if is it for if are you guys telling the
truth now you know what too many people
sing the thirty is so the 30th of June
diary of a bad man will be back but
until then guys make sure you share the
last video and so you know all the views
are in check alhamdulillah doing so good
right now
life is good I am happy I just miss my
mom and my family I miss I haven't spent
any time with my dad I haven't spent any
time with my brothers getting married
soon like you know even my sister like
she's gay she's having a graduation I
can't even make it cuz I'm gonna be
abroad again like you know so I just
want to spend time with family you know
I mean yeah my not with these glasses on
obviously because that would be that
they would probably kick me out the
house and I'm not about that life you
know that homeless life but I'm okay so
what I want to do now that's out out in
the open and and yeah and then obviously
going away is London and just let saying
alright giri's Ramadan finish you know I
don't cause but ya know stuff Allah
don't do that obviously man don't need a
girlfriend a girlfriend it's me you know
saying hey hums a quote okay so ten
minutes have gone that's great and I I
know the connection has been bad ball
right right now it looks basic I'm at
VidCon 2017
it's a modernist it's a sick man this is
it's a sick man you sick people well not
sick people I don't know I don't know if
you think that everyone's like you're
walking around coughing in shape but
it's mad being seeing these crazy
youtubers I was on a YouTube life and
basically I am going on and at 3:30 in
the afternoon and life on YouTube scream
ah ah start messaging me gosh man so
famous I've got two messages in like 10
minutes anyway so I'm going to be going
on lives if you guys want to see me with
those other so guys yeah make sure you
go I think it was my not my last into
the post but the one before I think I
have a link and I think it was I think
it was VidCon dot live.com I think so
and click on that at that time so I
think will be about 11:30 12:30 I think
he live in 30 and then I will be on live
representing with the beanie and app but
anyway guys um I want to spend 3 more
minutes just reading what you guys have
to say and remember we have just hit 80
million okay we want to get 1 million
subscribers but we've hit 18 million
views that just shows how many people
are on this thing so I want to see Yuri
Adam definitely so yeah I will keep you
guys for like posted ASAP and make sure
that bad man comes out ASAP
alright cool let's see um yeah I'm
reading these yes I am reading these ok
love you
them glasses though obviously Eid
Mubarak Eid Mubarak is not heed though
it's not idiot but safe bubblegum guys
do you want me to do bubblegum yeah you
know basically bubblegum is going under
a reconstruction right now that's why I
can't actually film and some of the main
costs are not here right now so
yeah that's why I've been kind of like
hesitant to actually you know do
bubblegum when the main characters are
not there and you know the shops getting
like refurbished so I have to wait but
bubblegum I think is is the show that
everyone wants so I will come back with
bubblegum promise I promise now sorts
live so yeah I love you too
hey hums the congratulations get
snapchat my snapchat is a thumbs up
reduction without the S so is my
Instagram and so is my Twitter so I hope
they people watch this of June so make
sure you stay tuned make sure you spread
the the trailer coconut make sure you
spread my divert bad manners whoa I need
people to know that I do two a week
every Mondays every Fridays yeah July
the fifth coconut is coming out it will
come out on YouTube as well BBC YouTube
so guys it's going to be a madness 3
episode on July the fifth a madness and
I'm going to do a giveaway soon and I am
going to do hopefully a premiere and I'm
going to invite some of my fans my
lovely team Batman fans I'm going to do
like a little competition thing so you
can come meet me and also watch all of
the 10 episodes of coconut at the
premiere a small little premiere is
going to be sick but anyway guys I'm
gonna go because I don't want people to
get bored and I know me talking with
these glasses not boring but it's a bit
disturbing and I don't want to do that
to your life but 80 million views bale
of madness thank you for all the
comments I have been keeping tabs even
though sometimes even when I'm looking
here I know what people are saying
someone says Salam alaikum do you know I
mean someone since Allah lucuma I could
I'm not the predict guy I could see it
my ear is that I still I've got four is
not free because I said that's a Joel
thing one's not that job rough but
anyway bail of guys team bad man if you
can finish it off with the hashtag team
bad man I want to see who does hashtag
team bad man first let me see let me see
team bad man shows up oh she's a bore
something up yeah that was the first
team bad man hashtag thank you so much
honestly
hashtag team bad man hashtag ayyy
million views hashtag coconut
because my manager will get happy and
guys if you do these three hashtags I
will go through the comments later but
thank you so much once again you are
everything to me without you guys I
would be still fat
but you guys have literally made my
worth life living there's so much to me
you guys don't know but you guys are
genuinely the reason why I keep going
laughs yeah please this is an iron
finish it off with the iron pick up the
iron bad boy iron I south London Lyman
I'm lying sorry
my thing is because it rhymed with iron
bale of booyah
