what I'm doing abroad by them no one let
me speak to the point yet
first of all I have to congratulate one
person myself why is because I have
finally completed the first ten episodes
or berry / Batman for celebration dogs
time yeah hell man
but the ordinar dance that's more like
less Commission to women kind of dance
but you're not today what you need to do
is go on my channel take playlist then
pick boa BM and then you can watch all
10 episodes in the right order
all at once breath but now we are on the
11th episode and I'm not going to lie
I'm dying God do you know how hard it is
to film two episodes a week in Ramadan
from fasting I have no energy provide a
whole have with my body I'm going to
Disneyland not develop habits dizzy
nanohole no Mickey Mouse no right no
attraction just a few cows and a World
Cup it's and people come up to me and
then I hands off how do you rather guide
might and I mean I hummed Aloma brother
o hamdulillah maximum inside I feel like
this so I'm thinking I have no energy no
will to live and quite frankly I feel
like death right now so what kind of
video can I make and then it came to me
that seems I wanted to make a video
about the most unrealistic dumbest and
funniest death scenes ever made the
first of all it starts off with a
standoff between two guys who definitely
go to the wrong shop for clothes where
do you shop for your clothes
Iceland and then this is why don't get
here just randomly we just jumped in the
line of fire with a baby why would you
sabotage your life and the baby's life
you weren't even a part of the scene and
then you just drunk right in the middle
with the baby in your life yes
let's parcels in danger - and the babies
obviously crying and is very distraught
and I think the reason why is because no
one told this baby that this 8 mil okay
let's get the baby you point the gun at
the baby the baby hopefully will cry if
not then already can you uh can you
squeeze the baby's arm so it was crying
actually because of the pain that you
are causing the baby and let's go tell
the baby what is going on let's go tell
him that in the movie let's just go with
it and see it is virtual instinct it's
Bollywood we can do anything the parents
don't mind
in fact that's my daddy let's get that
shit out of the baby now my baby don't
know who the mother is though I'm not
gonna lie outrageous baby bro but he
looks like a seven year old wearing a
nappy that's not a baby that's a fully
grown child me that guy is bigger than
half of my Bengali friends I want you
holding him like he can't stand or walk
but the kid could probably do push-ups
see miss me put that kid down stop
spoiling him and I have a fox in the
makeup team
let's put circle of blood hair and
circle of God here both trees okay well
the guy looks like naughty - clown for
the diet was gone and you're probably
thinking what's going to happen now he's
gonna die well let me give you a clue
the guy with the gun guys and can I be
honest with you this is quite possibly
the most random thing I have ever seen
in my life do you know how the cure of
the body is it a the police come on away
and shoot the bad guy be the teenager
who's playing the role of the baby gets
his gun out and start shooting man Oh
see a snake jumps up from the sky and
bites it are you ready for this brother
record okay
what kind of some foolish movie is there
cruel wrote this script where did the
snake come from I once again no one told
this baby that the stakes no real rhyme
he looks petrified bro I don't know why
I have a feeling that this death scene
was sponsored by Pepsi now I've never
been bitten by snake I don't think that
after two seconds of being bitten this
would be your natural reaction
wait is this your first time I think
freedom in 10 seconds what - make it
that must be the most poisonous snake
known to man
10 second death and where do you buy
these poisonous snakes mostly comment in
taxi factories so this is the other
thing two guys having a sword fight
because obviously guns are too expensive
and the first thing I know it is what
the hell is this guy wearing you look
like Aladdin going toward this goal and
I really really really genuinely handle
hard don't get this move they're the
most riskiest dumbest move I've seen in
my life
I know I'm gonna do I'm gonna roll
towards the guy with the sword and then
lay flat on the floor oh I know I can
sit like this
yes very effective kick that's exactly
what I do our soul fight lie on the
floor and kick him and I'm not gonna lie
have you ever had a Sega Megadrive if
you have ever played with some rage the
music in this sounds like a fucking POG
wrote the right straight and really
Streets of Rage school with this music
in the background
it is horrible well we made the music
some one day this guy is knocking max
out and I love the finish on the finish
are just like the way you just hammered
head down combat mood you know when it
says fatality and just give a little
knock on the head like a minute and then
he takes the Shahadah Skyland unless you
see the guy so just keep ours like this
guy is fully dead he kicked this guy so
hard that even its parents should've
died from impact so I thought that this
guy is dead now and so did this go at it
but then I know it comes and you stab
this guy and is it just me or is this
vacantly then let's put the sword
through your arm trick
yes bait and the thing is if you get
stabbed with a sword in your back but do
you know how hard it would be to take
that sword out like you'll be really
impossible to take you out of strength
without damaging yourself seriously but
look how my man just took it out with
ease
tablets are you taking from like the way
he took you out it was black he's had
breakfast like he would stab himself in
the back at home and he would practice
to take it out nicely and then he stalks
the sword and the other guy died because
obviously has a defective thing getting
stabbed by a sword through the back and
taking it out quickly it just hasn't
wanted that form yet I mean there was
the funniest thing about the seed money
- is the food back is it just me or is a
sword super bitch yet why didn't anyone
know it that this doesn't even look
right let anyone that's outside the left
side police off the director ruff even
someone in the background looking past
could obviously see that this food is
red like it's obviously two pieces he's
holding one from the front and the bit
in the back is just odd that's the best
food I've ever seen in my life
makeup realism and I don't want to like
this in middle now this is a poor school
film and all I can think about is wrong
this guy's moustache is powerful and the
way he takes that is nice
that's why possibly the smallest night
ever even the 12 storm baby in the first
Dean would not have been intimidated by
that one I thought hated me I have nice
and obviously this woman could have
McGregor because this karate chop is on
point you ever seen a fight on road
where someone just comes out of nowhere
and again and we never and this kind of
close up is just made jokes the guy
looks confident and then she gets all
gone and no whatever like the next row
is him standing up with a gun when did
he stand up I did not see that bit and
why has he now gone what happened to the
knife and if you had both and then you
obviously have a gun then why would you
take out the knife first that don't even
make a sense man and then when she
sheets in the funniest thing is he's not
even bleeding I look at this prime of
tone it cannot be no hope and there is
no bullet hole whatsoever and then what
did he do he gets his hand and then he
places it on his belly and he squeezes
obviously a tachyon flood or something
and then after five minutes that's when
the blood comes out and then she sees
him again but I don't even understand
wait he got shot
and now he just like unnecessarily like
messing up the wolf-bats also for the
penile afterwards just walking in oh my
god the ball I'm going to be late for my
son's birthday he's two years old but he
looks 23 there was the babysitter is
looking after him well and Bob let me
just rewind a little bit because this
microscopy is the longest time it takes
for someone to die in a scene that I've
ever seen in my life
but the guy takes so long to die I think
he actually tries to help her I'll just
speed things up and he feeds himself
issues himself in the book that's like
the worst part of your body that you
should shoot to track you of the quick
off why would you shoot your pool and I
don't know how many bullets this woman
has but she obviously went bullet
shopping before this and this is the
funniest thing invited falls on the bed
and he's screaming but his mouth closed
Pop's is the sound guy thank you thank
you
can we now put anger sound and then it's
looking now because we use obviously not
dead yet now if you have to take the
best two lot but when I say best I mean
that doggies okay like this one is fully
done now first would you see this guy
who genuinely doesn't believe in swag
and obviously his gear offering him I
don't know I don't even know what it is
I think it's just like flower petals
stuck together with PVC glue laughs I'm
not even gonna lie if this was
Valentine's Day that would genuinely be
the shittest Valentine's gift in the
history of love and rock upit oh the
look on his face that's obviously the
fake I want to stab you in the neck in
front of your loved ones look roughly
pulled off a smile now boy that was the
best acting I've seen all day now that I
play the game again what do you think
happens next is it a he has a stroke
randomly because of the sheer power of
shitness that the present she is giving
possesses or be someone steals her Louis
Vuitton bag and he chases after the
teeth and then he falls down and hits
his head and died or see if fricking
random sniper comes out of nowhere and
since are in behead but who is this guy
is this guy a jealous part-time assassin
ex-boyfriend and I don't even need to
explain why this is quite possibly the
dumbest scene you will ever see in your
life just watch this
oh shit would you put them up Skinner
with the boy does it visitor my
readiness adapt mingle editor no
baccarat why is he so poking that's not
a wound that's a pirate shot to the head
where she gave her energy from rubbish
she solar-powered how is she firming
this and then retouched it cook for like
an hour she possibly saying but what did
you get me for Valentine's I mean is
about your coffin could you should be
dead by now and then after 54 minutes of
talking they finally decide hey this
girl was shot instead of this casual
chat maybe we should take her to talk to
even though she's got shot in the head
and should be dead so they take her away
to the hospital and he leaves the
present that she gave him which doesn't
really shock me present and I don't even
understand this language money since it
came upon this book report so now I
might get the translation completely
wrong but fuck the last words saying
Faust I think the man actually turned
around and said to the driver drive to
the hospital boss please a hostel where
people give CPR on her forehead nothing
can cure that not even a paracetamol I
want to talk you I still don't get I
mean sooner that bullet hit up head he
should have been finished my no they
actually just talk for another five
minutes
he even has enough time to get out of
the car run all the way back his ship
flower presents and then put on a head
and when he put the present on our head
I was thinking raw
isolate that was your presence did she
buy you a present that's really meant
for her I don't think this would be
possible but now that the president is
actually shit off then actually pull it
once and then they start staring at each
other because obviously they've got time
and the way she is smiling at him and
she's fully giving him that look that
everything is going to be okay
no you got shot in the head the way
you're burning it like the bullet just
gave you a headache and I'm not even
gonna like like I want to waste time
because why obviously sorry's in like
five hours
I had to fast food the scene because
they were talking so much and forget
this year he has enough time to show her
a picture a random picture and I think
what you trying to do is
look you're gonna die now so at least
like my lost in Tron Instagram in it and
she likes this - but she has enough time
to like leave a comment and everything
well she had enough time to repost it
with a separate individual description
and no water bolide they were talking
for another 2 minutes and it came to a
point what I just put the film on I
couldn't do it anymore I was about this
cookie in dying for she either redirect
these things man but I hope you enjoyed
this video and before you go something
really bad happened a few days ago and
there's a lot of people right now that
need our help I've left the description
below and if you could spare anything
donate anything whatever it is please
guys let's all do a bit and hope because
I mean what happened was absolutely
devastating and I really do think that
this is our time for all of us to step
up and do a part
