secret unbreakable password in boxing
news David Haye is now - Soros manager
which he is predictable I mean we all
saw it coming because of the long lost
in wolf friendly genuine relationship
and after I had a one-hour long
conversation with my tits I've decided
to go back to the Jim Brown but forget
about the pause let's talk about the
crazy frog it's October which only means
one thing I'm kidding all my people who
the pumpkin I'm not gonna lie bathing
scare me as a baby my mom realized that
every time she put on catchphrase and
someone press the buzzer because my mom
is so lovely and considerate she would
watch all the time but a mom I never did
daily episodes bruh why are you watching
it every day while I'm on your lap and
every time I cry you lost you need to
repent you know other things that scare
me all these big - weddings
Lulla non-halal harrybo's the expired
ones and of course not to mention
ladyfingers but this Halloween I really
wanted to be scared that's not going on
YouTube I don't know if you've heard
about it and I was trying to find the
scariest horror movie scenes but what I
found was something it was disturbing
but go for the wrong reasons it scared
the crap out of me brother nobody
thought it was scary it scared me that
someone had the ability to make it and
think it would be scary so let's roll
the clip so you're probably thinking
what does everybody would movie have is
it a good story lines be great emotion
or three none of the above but
definitely lightning
and boy does this movie not waste any
time then you see a car late at night
Oh scary now we first need this couple
in the car
and the first thing that came to my mind
is boy that I really went all out for
the car seat covers in it then she asks
how long the journeys gonna take and I
love this black pitiable swashes reply
okay I'm not coupling Yvonne by any
chance did you forget your line because
I'm just saying someone never read the
script I'm personally looking at your
beady eyes you look like a guy who's
acting for the first time in his life
and he's just winging it I wanna get is
why did she ask the question straight
away turned away hey man can you tell me
about your life because I would never
look and say oh yeah that's a Peter
right there
Ravi you do not look like a P or you
look more like a Pradesh then you see
another tip of the car driving again and
I'm thinking that's the same location
you were driving two minutes ago
no this is the question of the scene
then one minute and 45 seconds later
this is that the song but it's the same
place where you're just going the other
way how lazy are you brother okay drive
that play and let's film that okay okay
what does it say in the script now
another driving seat oh okay
can you come back what do you mean it's
not consistent I swear on my mother's
side no one will know but I swear I know
then you could be starting nation and
then he starts laughing but watch his
mouth yeah it didn't mean we haven't got
money for sound don't worry we'll just
buy a microphone later and we do a
voiceover no one will ever know I swear
on my mother's life
then they make a bit of whether they're
gonna see the ghost or not if
assignments the bed she has to do
anything he wants and if he wins the bet
then he has to do anything she wants now
kiss me for money some big bedroom I
would live in my life
agree to that if I made that big with my
friend and he won he could easily turn
around and say oh shut this up your box
then walk I'm not gonna do I'm just
gonna end up with a see control back
literally and then you see a sort of a
mansion with every mansion comes big
metal gates and you know a Bravo Bravo
to the sound Department the sound effect
Department have free smashed it because
they always pick the right sounds for
the right movements cue the sound
effects for the middle gates what do you
mean we can't afford metal sound effects
but steeper okay we will use wood door
effect no one will ever notice
I swear on my mother's mother your
mother is dead and then the director
thinks you know something's missing
I know so they get outside and he's like
you see no one's here babe but brother
it's 12:00 at night what do you expect
I find your wife having a picnic in the
garden you and your moustache needs
summer then pee after three seconds of
walking says you see there's no ghost
you you lost the bet and now you have to
do whatever I want she agrees and what
did you take the 7-foot lanky Vodafone
live operator Oslo
yep okay but look how he goes for the
kids the most awkward starts for a quiz
known to mankind I'm doing judo is this
a UFC match are you in for a kiss or I
go about to perform a head boss the
gelatin goes in for a kiss it obviously
that's her run and I'm pretty sure the
access didn't won the kids so they so
discreetly that no one would ever know
it no one will ever notice
I swear on my and then the demonic gin
ghost Weimer is
it's finished and then you see this is
like in the final why would you ask if
you could let's go downstairs
no what do you expect know what do you
expect an epoch megacycles please don't
hit us again we are about to get married
and we love each other very very much
and then you finally hit it in hope and
this is the point where up oh okay now
it's gonna get really scary and this is
what it sounds like
okay
I swear on my sister even that far away
if they will actually is how you reach
let's just be a faraway brushes away
from you why are you having a
conversation say Bob you said you love
her more than anything but you're just
casually watching her die three steps
away from you at least push him off you
could kick him but no you just stood
there and said I love you so much
it's a magical day I had such a long
conversation but when the monster
actually kills all he's made shocked I'm
know why you shocked now he has the
opportunity to get revenge and then if
the love of his life day and to show the
world how much he really loves fire he's
kind of gone now still isn't even big or
maybe I should retrieve the body and
like give her a proper burial
no he just what is God he was like it
was just a tinder fling I married
already anyway I change my mind I like
men now's not the time it's just
thinking okay I want to give the
audience something that they have never
seen before
for nothing I guess there was no nothing
there another filmmaker I love this show
I love this show because you can't see
shit then another monster pops out of
nowhere and fights the monkey and this
is so funny
look how obvious it is when he
deliberately missed the second whack
like rub he never moved so they stopped
buying and props where props dream the
lighting team really went out of their
way to do absolutely nothing because as
I said before I can hardly see shit so
they obviously guess what should you
have seen last week and then I'm
thinking two monsters playing in a
graveyard late at night and what does
Peter do you think he ran away right no
he's like oh let me see the two monsters
fight in the cemetery at night because I
think it's safe
let me just see what happens in it maybe
I can upgrade one of their contracts so
now you want to stay just died in front
of you you're like beat this guy and
then you actually see the other demon
properly and can I say
that's brilliant Liam Moss from all
those fan and there for a few seconds
the Munsters kind of look like they're
tossing each other off and then they
carry on flying and honestly you think
that two monsters trying a cemetery
would be so interesting and entertaining
this was genuinely the most boring fight
I've ever seen in my life
what'd I miss
oh they still fighting great Bob it's
like a UFC test match then the monkey
starts making like these weird noises
for the monster but you can't see
anything because well I don't think
anyone can see anything to be fair and
then you see this evil monster crying
because that's obviously what monsters
unknown fool crying appears like what's
wrong buddy
want a hug and I'm thinking the love of
your life just died two minutes ago
shouldn't you be crying but did the
voice for the space Apes it's now the
voice of the other monster heat up food
punkin chunker I'm a baby I'm a come on
finish at how many people were on say
fine and then the scene changes to a
woman I've never seen before cutting
along and I'm like what the fuck I have
so many questions I forget it let's just
enjoy another lightning shot is gonna be
the second of November but now the
announcement by the will announce ahead
how about I announce it in I don't know
at penguin head cause whoa what's going
on people I would just like to say and I
know that I've been teasing in an
announcement for a very long time
I am so just right now because finally I
could announce that me and Henry my
partner in crime we have just signed a
two-book deal with puffin I am stoked
I'm so guest here we go the first books
liberal Batman and the invasion of the
killer
which is coming out what is it coming up
very much seven yeah I'm so excited
make sure you get your book here this is
my first nipples off birthday book so
it's super funny mean Henry have worked
super hard on this Danny didn't do
anything
danny is a horrible manager apart from
that us too we work very hard and here
we are now look this is the team Batman
this is to my friends my family don't be
tight okay it's not gonna be that
expensive or even though we need to make
money so it would be a bit expensive or
too expensive but no guys I want
everyone to pre-order your copy now the
link is in the description below
doggies push and this is a big movement
look an Asian face this is going to be
all around the UK in bookstores this is
a madness trust me sorry I broke a
button it's fine you've got money now do
you want to say anything no I'm just
excited about a pre-order a copy yeah
make sure and yeah we are gonna do some
crazy we're going to be some crazy
buildups yeah we are gonna do you like
mean greets I've never got any in my
life by the way now I am going to be
popping up into schools we're gonna do
book signings we are going to do special
videos it's going to be doing the things
that's happening until the special day
watch this yeah that's pre-order the
book and it's the beginning already
Oh drop the eëtion what stop no no no
