what I'm doing abroad bought my box no
one is sure my god let me get straight
to the point yes
so as you guys know wedding season is
approaching yeah I don't know about you
but I usually hate going to weddings
obviously you get a free meal by apart
from that you have to put up with so
much all these parties just telling me
how in fact even though you're much foul
or these young kids not faring alarm
playing his shape and you'll always get
that one cousin that we will make up
then actual bright and I'm like what's
wrong with you regularly a crusty the
clown no one's going to marry you can't
your life but there are some things in a
Pakistani wedding certainly choose
certain traditions that just don't get
them you have to be completely honest to
do it is to share me some of the things
in sake do just don't make sense them
and that's why I made this video but you
have the dorky now let me explain what a
dorky is usually it's the women from the
bright side going to one house and doing
this dorky shape now I've been to one of
these doggies and I'm not even gonna lie
why so make me go home and wash my eyes
with Coco baja I was scarred for life
the things I did the things you women
get up to one of the major sizes the
other listen to me what yours you not
think you go crazy in Hindus but let me
tell you something you've never been to
a real Pakistani 45 this is when the
women let fully that I was the only guy
dish and the doorbell rang for open the
door and my aunty was like I'm glad I'm
not chill bro
what's wrong with you I'm rap the way
she's 15 she took a photo but now one
time flung me across the room I don't
want to pick it up took our shoes and
socks off clicked on it and walk into
the room before she was gonna get into a
fight so I went into the room and then I
saw all these women sitting on the floor
now you're probably thinking poor
they're very poor they don't obviously
have enough tables and chairs to go
around
yes they do but these supers back you or
decide to sit on the floor
it's convenient it's not this open this
table this kid why are you you're
sitting on the floor and there are so
many of our teas and they are all over
waste all I'm saying is if you want to
go in that room and enjoy the scenery of
copy you ain't going to see any cuts
because they cover everything and then
you'll get just one auntie who leader
you know the one that knows all the
songs in it and this art you will never
be seen in any family functions until
this is bulky you know one of those
warranties and she losing that whole
Cogan with the wig I'm done you're gonna
like that and then she'll get this
little dorky business I could run and
you think oh yeah that's when they keep
their donkey and start singing the songs
but they don't just use their hands and
they don't they don't just use their
hands oh but the use of spoon right have
you ever walked into a door key and see
some random for our be slapping the door
key with a spoon but that spoon is there
for eating you should know of all people
and they were seeing many hits like
and then these Pakistani cows get to
give up and they just stop clapping stop
clapping stop clapping pissing the
neighbor is the local community picking
on you keeps pissing off the decline in
the whole of London but they're so loud
and then I'll just clapping with them
prickling village evilly five deprived
Han it's not just these bad boys
they do everything toe tapping sighs
nothing don't disappear his book from
this Olaf that even people in the future
they could hit them this hole out that
even deaf people alive shut up
and then what they do is they make sure
that there's no men in the room and then
then they start dancing I don't even
know if you can call it dancing I know
it's wrong that's something that I could
definitely pull it but I wouldn't call
it dancing even jinns are watching from
afar and they're like what did they do
it and I'm not gonna like the door was
slightly open so I have a sneak peek and
let me go say this I learn a lot about
certain aunties you know like there's
certain moves the unlit rub you you
can't learn that from Google well I know
you used to go to those afternoon the
series remember those ones these have
even raised the afternoon let's get
lunch and everything and I know certain
are things now used to go with their
secret don't tell my homage you Punjabi
squid pad right they lower back and the
way they're dancing I'm just thinking I
don't know if the floorboards are strong
enough really terrible look I love you
make the laugh of all the people that
are in pain all the people that have
lost a loved one all the people that are
starving and are homeless and also you
make them offer to slow boat in
anti-christian house while they're
having their dusky and they would make
up these songs to cross the future
bright modern mineral don't make songs
up although get normal songs and they
will change the lyrics and white people
would say it's bad for me but I'm going
to be honest with you if I was the group
and I found that that is fresh group of
Pakistani women were all together in one
house and start posting my mum by phone
grab me and my boys were golden and we
would back out man I will get my gun
back go on and how will spray arty silly
essentially go up to the leader I would
put that gun on a board and place kabhi
khushi
odds come ban-seok us my mum by song
well that's my man class and I was
getting got my only means one thing
so a guy there was a man this guy went
to a football match to support his local
team but because of typical London
traffic he was daily so as he run into
the stadium went to we see and he looked
out and he did know what's going on so
as he looked to his left he saw a guy
who supported the same team as him and
he asked the guy
what's the school and then the guy
replied her we're behind the reno and
the matter of time and he was like he
does seem discouraged or down or upset
he don't seem sad he don't seem angry
we're losing too you know why are you
not feeling any of these things why are
you so positive and then the guy looked
at him and he was like me it's not over
the referee hasn't blown his whistle
year and that made the guy thing he
started to realize something life is
like a game why would you be discouraged
when your referee the almighty hasn't
blown the whistle on your life year the
truth is as long as there is life there
is nothing that is impossible and it's
never too late
halftime is not full time and here's
calendar is not man's so in life don't
blow the whistle on yourself have an
awesome life with less stress inshallah
so if you like the story or you like any
dough even just one that make sure you
press the like button spread this video
and subscribe
yes in China
