wonderful abroad by them no more
missions everyone that man let me get to
the point yes special announcement yes
this is very important announcement
daily Batman shot is coming every week
to Time Monday and the Friday fans what
are you thinking but this historical
meals I am so happy now let's be honest
I don't even know if I've ever said this
before I mention it but I'm a youtuber
method or in it so obviously man need at
least 1 million subscribers so I'm
trying to see you if you don't subscribe
to my channel right now you know what
I'm gonna do first of all in a for my
auntie Rosita I means you're a Jeter fan
and I will cool off even though to be
honest I don't really have quit it and I
will tell her every single person
watching this video now that is not
subscribe to my channel they should get
back magic on the wall martini you screw
a box of matches coriander and carrot
soup and wd-40 and pow when you're
sleeping in bed and you're dreaming of a
terrorism is rush rules Jerry the jinn
will come out I know it and he will slap
you on your back one time it's gonna be
so hard you're gonna make this Audi in
our first of all Rama double bar now let
me tell you something about Ramadan yeah
some people find Ramadan so easy they
will find peace tranquility it will find
spiritual enlightenment but then there's
others let me that find Ramadan like
this
Bobby's hard harder than a two-day-old
Rudy's not freaking hard
have you seen how hard a roti gets a
little basket and I'd rather on the top
that makes it home doesn't even have a
name
roti watch it you know your mama better
there or do you just pile them up you
know the last one of them no one ever
reaches imagine that two days later part
time so I was in our white mid-year
things Gabby the war up and then we
support I turned around and he was like
you're on my oh you're a little cheeky
one aren't you a little cheeky Taliban
by the way times or what was this rather
than might what is this run again I've
seen this much lemak people and they're
like looking at the food in the lap of
my mate can't have any of that might not
have it upon cuz it's Ramadan is Ramadan
a special diet Lee because can't eat my
in it no it's not that yet fam what's
wrong we use our I get you mind I'll get
you my yeah yeah my so in Ramadan you
can't you walk right no we can't eat
pork in general unless it's hello right
but there's no such thing well I guess I
thought about us then my you can learn
something from me mate imagine that
might get your hello walk in rather than
mine vamos l√° mcswiggen crazy my friend
I told you there's no such thing I
normally I just thought of it so I
realize this conversation wasn't going
anywhere love life I decided to invite
Jerry the bore down and explain to him
in a hundred seconds
what Ramadan means oh salaam-alaikum
daddy you I don't know oh no my new boy
says my topic Walmart oh no just a she's
mad sure this is a kind of visit Muslims
with apples and pears me what's that oh
this is the label we looked at me I'm
not going to use it with other you live
in one soul just want to get my money
back after Ramadan
I just need okay alright my so basically
I wrote some questions down you know on
the Daily Mail the border line with a
spice I wrote questions down about the
RAM exam you really thought this through
you know I'm saying like going to Gore
on here and it's not have it but one
more thing that what are you only give
me a hundred seconds man because it
makes a good pile in it
sketchy the good man so I do not allowed
to eat any meat in Ramadan no you can't
have anything back salatu yeah
what nor even war me no for the last
time white people you can't have water
so if you guys can't eat or drink for
the whole lot does that mean you
eventually died me no you can eat
between sunset and sunrise
I don't know Islamic come on so fun fit
then you can go to the pub and get some
pints in you know I'm saying mate that's
that's alright like that's not too bad
right but Muslims are not supposed to
drink to a stop baba amr' on from Sunday
League football may get a few tricky
ones making forgiving of OG hell I think
many collisions
I heard that when you're bossing you
wanna have sex with your wife but that's
not true is it like that correct
what about issues not your wife that's
right and if you have to wake up the
package off for the whole entire month
then no way that if you have been going
to go out winning can you cheat Chris to
all your horsing no God will see that
what about if you like this mate
I'm sure you can still see you thank you
for seriously we're about like this main
revenue all that cushion is not blocking
God's vision you want family no I am
watching man I was bloody testing your
life Ramadan is a test
all right so if you win Ramadan you get
that tiny hat from you can't win Ramadan
it's a competition fact value goods are
Hutton you can buy
don't be from any way across well I kept
goes okay I don't think Tesco Selden's
in Ramadan do you kill a goat or a lamb
or ARA no you kill something they know
that the other east but from eat we have
to eat
I do strap a bomb to end it just goes
off man you're like oh yeah my oh my god
okay I think this is trying to get
wasted so where you keep move on is this
true if you miss one day of fasting then
Isis will stone you to death
a most part of your choice but we do you
get your Intel from there you know make
sense now okay next question that's it
right topic is your new stuff you know
what for a fact you're out Mike you are
a lot you might like an Amish shoes that
know us Muslims have them now as Gabi
before I walk back home before I decided
to think that I was trying to explain to
a non-muslim what Ramadan means but when
I come to think of it do I even know
what Ramadan really means it's not just
a month where we starve ourselves and
create Ramadan bread it's not just a
month where we get that one picture
thing Ramadan Kareem and we broadcast
that one picture to all our contacts on
whatsapp did not just about you going to
Juma and snapchatting it even though you
can see by the picture that the people
behind you are looking at you like this
the last time they saw you in the mosque
was never it's not just away from your
Haram girlfriend or boyfriend to eat
it's not just about posting that Hunger
Games mean on Instagram and thinking
that this joke lands and bang even
though people have been posting this for
the last 4 Ramadan's in a row but
Ramadan is so much more it's about
getting closer to God to be better as
not just a Muslim but as a human being
to reflect and to recharge and to
separate yourself from things that slow
us down the things that prevent us from
progressing forward so may this be the
month that you find peace tranquility
and spiritual environment inshaallah by
the way my birthday is this week flat
3rd of June so anyone wants to send me a
Rolex
please send it to the address below ok
I'm not I put address below because I
was going to send me a Rolex but if you
can get me to 350,000 subscribers by the
end of the week rough
man so gay I personally will cool every
single what on my fans and say I like it
this is not going to happen I don't have
that kind of credit I don't have anyone
number I have to say thank you and I'll
be very happy
