you quick than that here with Danny
mm-hmm coming the more rather dropping
us off today Gatwick
oh wow already apart in LA we are coming
in a mad one but you two were flagging
me out for four days obviously months
ambassador come on man place of YouTube
now so I like google it wrong business
class and that third guess doing it for
the gram to be honest you will see that
picture of Nina Instagram life not even
looking at the camera not even
acknowledging it we're barely so I don't
even know why I'm doing this now
why they were banning business class and
NASA is a
looking at porn business trusting in the
way was in a porno way ma ba ba ba Beach
I watch two or three movies then chili
gas myself up my sleeve authority
complain just like that or you're fully
awake you know you're awake try lips who
fixed it now
see you in a bit anyway and they got
home we go bones
they don't want to market our children
and Marcus not
whatever job
therefore
we're going to take 10 hours and 22
minutes
so today for long one so I hold up great
conversation
guys the fun
money doing
keep silence we get
and after they succeeded for that
particular
I don't want to jinx it here because I'm
not even out of the airport yet but I
didn't get stopped I say we don't we see
my babe don't you see my time
don't you see like my Muslim name laughs
what's wrong with you now if they need
to have to have a outfit I mean I wore
my not good enough to be interrogated
for three hours I was replied Danny
flight was amazing what's the deal on
what fellas did he watch Danny how much
fresh off the boat which was hilarious
and it reminded me of my upbringing why
because you're fresh their name is
Elaine shades in a copper because I'm in
a lane this is what we do okay makes
sense any reason why you're not wearing
shape don't make as much as a manager
really obviously someone's been
pocketing Donna don't to point fingers
anyway guys see you in a bit I'm gonna
speak to Danny now about theft
thank you very much thank fun so we are
here we are going to be chilling for a
bit this place is folded the rich mom's
already here well
his rooms ready Illuminati yipping on
the offensive it's all about making sure
big in the game that's all it is again
my arms already touch the shape but
still see all about Danny
yep your rooms are ready this is my room
I need you for the last time boy Justin
why is colorful blurry one is washable
the wicks and is both black
this is clock on our back alone I can't
even afford a fucking fortune camera on
our works not going to outside right now
cuz it's a bit knit MA
I'll show you the view though if I can
move at the bunker and hide you know
about the pool remember the tennis
courts and the back who plays tennis at
nighttime find a girlfriend bro why your
foots super super smooth can you blow
off your no problem hey little bro
looking a bro your shorts so I can run
in the night side with the racket
honestly man home I got this more than
once for white people are different
brokers you done this this is gonna be
much my desk where I pretend to work for
paying off some like orange shit
tomorrow I'm going to be fully nugger
with this on
fully number I like that I like that but
I take that home with me you know how we
can talk salt in the water not to pay a
blue shit now score phone just in case I
want to call someone up and say hey
guess what taking a shit oh my god
that's what I'm talking about see that's
what mine is talking about this now yeah
I mean then what deserve don't we
deserve this but wait that's what this
is when you want to let pluck your much
on that I'm feeling these things did I
mean take that back rotate at O'Neil's
look that you should play was doing a
salt on ebay bid on my name because
we're not monitoring a case now read
this magazine about that white people
who wear sunglasses Chinese people
getting married yeah I'm saying
hashtag himself and then obviously this
magazine
my ex she split with me because she knew
that I'm too good for her
I'm just going to really cost my manager
for the next four days so we're walking
back and he was wearing like black
bomber jacket was wearing a hat at this
scene Kalima seen spaces like that and
he was holding a pizza box I swear to
you look like a pizza delivery boy known
as Indian pizza delivery boys and Hounds
law they don't even get paid they just
do it because to have to and don't even
know where they have to do it I'm trying
to stay up as late as possible and then
go to sleep because if I go to sleep now
I'm gonna wake up like three or four in
the morning what I'm going to do then
listen to this depressing music who is
that Celine Dion's grandmother why why
why are you doing that why why why is
the song even on why did they even think
that I would want this kind of Jam
playing right now by myself talking to
this camera that's super old I use
camera because this is what I shot very
bad my manliness as a sentimental thing
buff I need to kind of like invest in
less something new now think tomorrow's
going to be a jump i think only at night
time i have to do something for youtube
just go and say assalamu alaikum to all
my girlfriends and then that's it really
morning people now obviously this window
is super day i just what i'd show you
the view look harder you what the hell
is this man dude i'm sure i can just
come on oh I just start spitting all
over the window and shit but anyway just
walk part with the morning and ting all
of that we're all really - that's mine
hey my friend yeah not a bad CR here
and the very famous learning speech in
LA this look live pharmacy here with
Danny we should have a party you too
because all good in hello youtubers
hanging on display but I'll be honest
with you I just hit with the beach we
want each other to do cool Instagram
pictures right here no follow me on
instagram plus is dump time no Lord we
don't need another mountain mountain
endure I'm gonna show you guys what I'm
talking about
Hey
la Sun great weeks this camera does not
believe in focus but it's fine
mine's broke right now and this is a
huge apply it's really nice
I'm gonna like this is like the hasta
potty but it's before the event so it's
not really after fight doesn't really
make sense is the timing turned out like
wait for it we're going to karma gonna
come right oh no what a shit camera I
really need a new camera Danny cuz not
created that clears from like Indonesia
Malaysia and make sure your Mars is my
bathroom hey guys I'm sorry I'm talking
to myself these are my Oh doesn't
believe in focus it's fine this you're
going to have a good time and hilarious
shit Danny I need a new camera
fake fake so I will talk to you guys
later
when this camera decides to actually
work I don't know maybe try something
different in it say such as so basically
yesterday was hilarious we had this
Oscar party for him in the pool after
party but we didn't go to the pool
straightaway and then the hotel we know
because you've never been for you two
spaces that never invited you so he
basically got the directions wrong we
went to the YouTube space and we were
like hey guys we're here for the YouTube
party and they were looking at me like
go away now we find out the bachelor
party was in the hotel in the hotel yeah
great manager so we're here at the
YouTube space palm tree and DACs
telecast on that or was it somewhere in
the way I move out of the way on Berlin
then he's just I don't know what
doesn't like to be honest restrict me
ambassador no respect
I need that hey you're right
thank you I see ok so everyone called
Danny Danny but if your name is can we
further attack with your name is tamas
almost be my mother Giada
coming to bring the positive energy
Muslims bring to the table to the nation
crominus to change the perception that
people have it is know people please
please you see just like everyone else I
know you gonna take this
