right now we live from Homs this bedroom
sounds wrong not now not really no
definitely not now first of all hello to
everyone
um but just let a few people come in
then you could tell what this is about
bro Oh as you can tell from the title
okay guys I okay the sidebars going
crazy but let me just explain exactly
what's going on
JP has told me to be as positive as
possible to motivate the fans team bad
man and say don't worry guys
everything's going to be all right yeah
you fuck that yeah fuck no sorry I
shouldn't swear I'm sorry
I don't I don't use this way well not in
my videos youtube friendly here um it
messed up so let me explain exactly what
happened I told everyone this morning
obviously I've been hyping up for two
weeks now that by Monday is finally
coming out I have been working so hard
guys it's been horrible for me I've had
a loss I know it's good for you yeah a
lot of skills those three days hours in
three day I literally stopped messaging
me guys okay my phone is going crazy
right now okay so I had to do this kind
of Facebook life thing you can let
everyone know what's going on okay so
anyway what happened was all my friends
came down finally I told everyone that
it's going to come out really late great
we all watched it they liked it freaking
amazing had to say that many is amazing
he thought that after Batman 7 he
wouldn't be able to top it but he has I
don't say that because okay okay but you
think it was good it was it was good it
was different to seven it's more of a
grandis story with loads of plot twists
and yeah it kind of hyped up for the
finale of 9 and 10 so anyway we watched
it everything was great okay
I uploaded it at 12
and then what happened like messages my
phone started going crazy and basically
from nine minutes on there was one scene
that the sound completely just went and
wasn't just one scene it was about four
to five scenes and you couldn't hear
anything now on my computer it's fine so
I didn't pick it up but on the phone it
was different so everyone was messaging
me going crazy and I had to take it down
and we had watched it before we put it
up we made sure that everything was
perfectly fine
before we pressed upload so there was no
reason for there to be anything wrong
but that's where the mobile stuff where
it kind of messed up in her yeah so I
don't know what to say guys I I don't
know I mean there's only so much I can
do obviously I'm trying to rectify the
problem as soon as possible I am NOT
going to tell anyone I don't want to
recommend for anyone to stay up
expecting this to come out tonight it
will not come out tonight and all my
friends are saying I need sleep because
I need
I literally nearly passed that today and
when we went to celebrate that
celebration lost it for ten minutes and
I'm you know I want to try to keep
positive
I want to get positive I'm Jessica I am
I am dying so you know and this is the
worst thing ever and for all the people
that have supported me and obviously
still support me I'm not going anywhere
but thank you so much you're like 1,200
people watching you right now a lot of
people and so basically this is what's
going to happen and my friends are
telling me I need sleep you're going to
sleep first that's what's going to be
criticized I think that I think even my
manager would kind of not tell me like
to have a break and I leave at least six
hours I need of sleep now because for
the last what a week especially the last
three days I haven't had any sleep and
so I'm going to sleep I'm going to wake
up very early in the morning and I am
just going to fix this problem somehow
when I make a few phone calls and I'm
just going to get my my friends and
colleagues to help rectify this problem
I don't want to turn around and say the
release date is now tomorrow night or
Sunday even though obviously my aim is
to get out it's just just in case goes
yeah I don't I don't want to let anyone
down I know I've already had this
reputation before and I wanted to come
back and and let guys let everyone know
that you know I'm so serious about my
YouTube I've I even told my mind
adjusted I don't want any work I don't
care how many thousands and thousands of
pounds I'm getting paid for this and
that and that I was like caught it
my fans need my content now and I was so
proud and happy for Batman eight and I
thought this is the start of things to
come but obviously yeah I'm going to
keep positive but guys I just want you
to know once again I'm very sorry I feel
that I'm just cursed this always happens
to me
it's not good look it's a small little
problem guys you have to understand when
these episodes are recorded there are
technical difficulties when we actually
do it unfortunately in these scenes
there was a problem with the sound
now when we watch on a desktop it's
perfectly fine but we know that majority
of you not watch it on the mobile and
those things just don't I don't know
they don't render well with our mobiles
and it's completely black you can't you
can't hear anything so we just got a
twist around the the quality of the
audio and hopefully rectify that problem
and it'll be back up as soon as we can
yeah so guys thank you for everyone is
telling me to sleep I really appreciate
that honestly you guys have been so
supportive because I had I've had an
outburst like you know everyone just
always hasn't got me like I don't work I
work harder than anyone I don't care
what anyone says I work my ass off I'm
not doing it for the money I'm doing it
to provide content for you guys so when
you feel down and out you can smile
about something in then and and then
it's all isn't it so I apologize once
again I'm so sorry I love you guys thank
you for everyone that's saying sleeping
and and and and and care about my health
and and and I will sleep but as soon as
I wake up I'm going to try to rectify
the problem I do not want to say it's
coming out tomorrow because I have no
idea how to fix this and we've had this
problem once before and we fixed it so
yes
you had best not to give a time time
period on it just in case so guys just
just kind of relax to enjoy your weekend
and as soon as it's fixed I'm just going
to say guys it's out and you know I will
just take you from this and trust me
I've watched it guys
it is well worth it there are some
jaw-dropping moments in my opinion so
it's well worth it so don't worry okay
guys well thank you once again
everyone's being really cool I love you
guys I'm so sorry I want to stay
positive I'm such a positive guy but
this I literally like I am the don't get
it twisted I know there's so many people
that disappointed but there is no one
out there that is more disappointed and
more upset than me
I'm literally broken I think this the
worst thing ever I take it real I'm a
perfectionist
oh and and for this to happen to me we
could easily just say to you guys just
go what you're in the desktop but now
this is something that's going to be on
this channel for a very very long time
so as a perfectionist as perfectionist
as he is it can't go up like that so but
I don't want to boy you guys anymore I'm
going to keep this video up on my
channel so people know what's going on I
announced at the beginning that dynamite
man Schwartz is coming back soon
so is my new BBC show which will
hopefully come in a couple of months
coconut and coconut and so yeah there's
things in the pipeline but I really
wanted to kick stop coming back by
saying his bad man I didn't work but
anyway so it will be positive it was he
absolutely up soon get some sleep
enjoy a weekend spend it with your loved
ones I love you guys so much please if
you can just yeah just spread the word
and and yeah man I just I need your
support right now like you know so and
and I promise in return out I will make
sure that I fix this thing and and let
everyone enjoy as soon as possible and
it will come out very soon so love you
guys love you and take care safe
you
