you and your little ex-boyfriend a well
going to a job for me going to call this
flag in the delivery to get my coat it's
twenties thing we didn't throw all the
money in a pipe and it's going to close
so sorry better oh you need to get out
of this mess we don't get anywhere honey
lost 20 grand
belongs to a notorious drug dealer hook
don't worry I don't think you get
anywhere we both lost your money and we
will get it back to you you have to you
have my word you're going to get your
money back tonight tonight yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yes tonight amen another
time wonderful spot to come me in a few
my boy I know Hamza and unless you guys
had done something to him something
really bad you wouldn't do anything like
that
what the hell did you guys do to him I
found out that him and two of his boys
are the ones that be up come to sister
or come to told me he's been staying
with me if it finds a new place she
needs to know that this guy is working
the trouble I'm going to go to the
reason I went Oldham exactly what you
did you made a country tour
with your boy Vell that what's up MA
save her how can you be so sure I have
my suspicions anyway that a little
birdie come and confirmed his time's up
good a strap yes
yeah I write new ones got the Cold War
I'm not another MC living a ball ball
I'm a huge leap tennis ever had a carbon
with a spare a hundred bucks a nigga's
oh no they flap instead of an MC to tell
me no tumors can ever get to hell me
black cuz I'm a child of God flew back
from the nickel-brass child I was paying
on my own hair for my side across
because I'm a thing wasting don't smile
along in my mind I'm cause we go music
like that we go from a nickel you in and
now we don't
I'm a real name drop cookie dough some
man that sweet but then poor daddy
though there were none you to me in the
shop game bread and milk is all backed
by our quite uterus got we forgetting us
how aren't you it's fun to be in a my
accountant I grew into the trance I had
I never lose and I step back to it I can
breathe don't need you anymore so you
could leave you got relief
you
