Oh
and wonderful abroad but haha have no
one Bishop Jeffrey one dead man let me
get to the point here
have you ever looked in the mirror and
off yourself
what are you going to add you're
homeless right now from a freaking look
at Wolverine when the Pakistani version
but no super powers fan obviously man's
been away like for next three weeks but
I'm back now guys man's got his own
series on a big platform
I can't suppose the channel name but
what you need to know is this wheelers
and it begins must be an interest see
and if you still have a works out then
please go to Seoul on Sunday even if no
one's there just sit down Sam just sit
there and just look at the board and
teach yourself so I've been away for a
while and I go to my breads and Sam's
now obviously mind about what she losing
battle has anything happened lately and
I've you should have seen his face bro
and then he told me that normal trust
who I'm pretty sure by now is less
certified and the John Doe Trump reality
first lash President of the United
States of America has appointed this
Muslim man I'm only we'll know what's
fakers so basically in a nutshell
certain Muslims answer and refugees
around the world cannot enter the United
States of America but why does America
pin this on prestige a nightclub in
Knightsbridge you're not class you're a
country and America you want to be at a
club then hell he's doing properly in it
if seven man beat in a two and they're
trying to get in the bounce is going to
be left over your ain't getting in poor
shape
but it's people girls with them they
should be allowed in like I probably
works in it so you want a bad Muslim
best burn up I think there should be
lots of clothes which it says that's no
Muslims allowed I let you win a check
with you cuz I got no cons you know how
many goes you would get in your
contrivance
that what feels like Miami in LA in
there there are certain places are you
you have botanist but plastic come on
let's be on it like imagine at the
border Muslims will be less basilicum my
brothers and I bring
woman with me what is your name
I don't even know her name you what is
your name what is your name
no I'm asking you questions in front of
my American brothers just this is Julie
run with Ganguly know the cricketer or
if you can come in I hang on you're
wearing trainers on
but as good what it blips on it is off
okay
okay let's try Canada
so obviously man did a research lab on
Google I like these are the countries
yes they are fully man behaviour Iran
Sudan Libya Somalia Yemen and Iran and
I'm pretty sure that some of you guys
who are watching this right now for the
first time ever of thinking transcoder I
was born in Luton I'm gonna lie my my
Iranian on coolant it is will take the
news
I
but anyway look very white people alive
convoy it's more about on Muslims okay
it's a ban on areas with concerns while
I live a golden family will push up
everyone through the episode broadcast
on gangs in Liverpool if you guys let's
go now Jeff job you want bad like mob
era brothers and sisters I'm at you know
I'm saying cause I think you're gonna
fool one more much she just very
daunting and how can you run off for
money and buy the business brother game
you captain village fair enough to get
you P Diddy but that's the right thing
revenge do not I mean like I'm pretty
sure you can go to any Somalian in the
world and they will turn around and say
who are you those who are you when
something big happens like this in the
world that only means one thing all pati
uncle's will get to get off in that one
packet by giving room with this faded
brown shop smoking those Camel
cigarettes a employee from road finding
talking like they're politicians why do
you feel that in your views and opinions
will change the world because any tell
you something
you ain't changing shit you can't change
anything when you don't even change your
clothes have you been wearing that same
blazer since Muhammad Ali's potty
training to be a boxer I'm your life
also stunning uncle's will get together
in one place and we have this secret
mean when they talk about that world
issues and and and this politics in
general but I think my uncle's
Illuminati
they must be think about here what do we
know about Illinois well obviously we
know that the Illuminati are devil
worshipers which is cool because most of
all to support when you light and then
you hit Illuminati being together and
doing animal sacrifices but read in it
and then I hear that Illuminati has
these like kind of special secret
handshakes that no one else does but
it's kind of wait because if you think
about it like most Asian uncle's they
don't really shit can probably always
have three different types of handshakes
but you have the neck breaker country
then you and I completely missed country
and then you have the whole thing at the
end the throw motion slap your hot
handshake London let her go her love and
then I wanted to know what my uncle
spoiled like this Muslim ban Inlet don't
work trumpet so in one of they me I hid
under the sofa name on the lad I chose
the wrong sofa but all that fell on top
of me like he had death that not just
been like he has definite proof and he's
fought solo fat lady Congo holidays we
might live on the plane that's falling
away cooking up the white passengers
can't do that and there was one time I
was waiting for someone to say that
would break the ice brother Trevor is
ready bastard well whose is that anymore
but they think that cost oh man yeah
imagine if you with your boys here and
some next man would look at you and then
you put on him you like what and they
tell me like with this way to my mom who
said up to let you know don't touch it
to me and then my brother like awesome
bro awesome you are you are bloody
bastard you are a man either some dead
gringo family I'm gonna allow it though
your own living skinny cuz and then you
get that one uncle that yesterday I not
registering Muslims Nicholas so bad
people to go even letting us in the
country to register scripts ready to
trust me this is running from your
eyebrows are sweating breath calm down
this is not affecting your life you have
to mix up a mood working down the street
in the her on porches
that's so even alone don't try it he's
all dummy trans actor you try to pour an
agency sign on his door
Ravi got the letters rock throw KSC come
on you shall eat the room so smooth and
excellent is so smooth
your wife is actually banned from
entering the room because it she weighs
three times she will take up all the air
to make woman I'm going to last but this
woman is so bad that if you fail your
left your skull will break them Oh
this woman is back then you are the one
who that is nor Donald Trump I hid how
are you treating the woman how can you
go when I that same and you said that
you have your wife in a headlock and
then you had that one angle that don't
know diddly shit about politics but he
just agrees with anything anyway yes oh
yes was very bad very bad and at that
point I just hit my head on straight
like walk the swing bullet and then when
I go to the van and Ted don't you feel
sorry for me and the direction me she's
like Bob leaking the dollar Trump
she's disgusting so bad what did they do
like both angles like there were two
Costas spill with Harry for but I now
correct her main man and you see her
peeps looks like she needs a man in her
life now well she's older than my house
like I'm pretty sure that she blinked
her eyes might never come back up like
I'm pretty sure the AC point she would
die that's house to me see is called and
you can always bum mix America to go and
judge to resume just because she wants
to be Milan to be honest with you let
men debate sorry about Muslim banner and
Donald Trump and all of that log Munna
ended up in a heated debate on who gets
more girls living on door and meet the
budget right you all in the comment load
and hash tag team Batman and I'm not
gonna lie I love the apprentice but I
don't really think that Donald Trust is
best president perhaps and I was only
going to get worse I did not think about
it
yes Donald Trump's neck looks like a
naked granny and yet all the time yeah
she looks like he's holding in a thought
my advantage the Muslim baggage and
trust me what is bad is this is
disgusting but they were not positive
like I saw a story about hundreds and
hundreds of Muslims praying in the
airport in the airport and the funniest
thing was there was white people and
their peoples and non-muslims in the
background actually supporting them back
in the day if you used to do the Moors
in public that people will be looking at
you let a lot of my friends went to like
a martyr a big kind of protest in
central London
I'm not even gonna lie back 20,000
people 20,000 people I was at least
18,000 of this one non-muslim and they
were all sticking up for us Muslims and
you know what I think that's amazing
because a person we are kind of getting
bullied we are kind of being stereotyped
and being labeled as terrorists or
dangerous people when as you know we're
just normal people
you may be here but we just normal
people
I mean I think area I mean the guilt
because as individuals we are just a
truck but together it can be an ocean
the foundation of freedom is unity and
this goes out to everyone you can be
from Iran you can be from Somalia to be
from Sudan you can be from Yemen you can
be from Poland you can be from anywhere
but our true nationality is mankind
guys make sure you subscribe I have
feedback my kind of a battle
