but mice will creep anyone out but
that's happening to me that's happening
to me right now
everyone around me is magically
disappearing now I don't know if it's
black magic I don't know if it's alien
abduction or is it just Mary Mary
all my friends are vanishing from the
face of the earth all of them even the
ugly ones and they're nowhere to be
found
that's why I think it took so long to
fight Osama bin Laden because he was
married Saddam Hussein was found in the
hole his wife probably told him to hide
there so he can stay away from his
friend you know when you cool your boy
and they pick up have you noticed that
that change when they get married they
don't even pick up not even cool them
they would forget how to pick up a phone
call and I'm like or have you forgotten
how to use a phone have you magically
forgotten which when to swipe up but if
they're a good friend they would what's
happening three days laying off saying
yo imagine calling one of your voice is
married and they actually pick up you
probably go something like this where
have you been bro or married no things
are pigs do who's that
uh-huh yeah we ain't got much time bro I
miss you man I missed you too tell me
how are the boys yeah the good Matt
maybe you should come and see us one day
you know maybe just for football come on
bro don't make this harder than it is
you know that that can't happen
hey I got a car bro no please don't do
this just one minute just give me one
minute more bro I gotta go she's coming
down the stairs and shoot sake hi bro
right ask you later we made eye contact
close your eyes my friend only the
marriage is with two people in it we
talk about marriage in another video
right now I have a Dali Lama or the
dilemma don't solemn still tell him no
that's wrong my boy was at my house
yesterday
and he basically said doing arranged
marriage by catching my own looks you're
never gonna get love marriage from
parents from your wrists are in it and
I'm not gonna link that in tomorrow your
advice not to ask for a kilo you want
advice
I'm your man I remember when I met my
first wish now 20 years ago in the
Pakistan you're still married to Mum how
many what - no she is the one if she's
really - mom then just me you only need
to ask one question what football team
do you support
Austin for Liverpool what did she say he
said what did she say
so I'd kill her family knock on the door
hey open this you who is this I don't
know I'm just telling you really that's
a big thing yes I know I can't believe
she hasn't watched any football at all
now all might I was talking 30 shillings
I'm basically four I can go either way
I can either sabotage my boys riffs off
and at least have this friendship for
like a year more all right make it video
by Jamie goes anyone out there that's
meeting a restorer there are too many
questions you should ask you mr. Maryam
but my friends call me Mary how old are
you 23
why'd you say it's a 23 okay every
didn't lie to you
promise promise say well line so you're
not gonna see him alive
this is a really old quick what's making
you talk weed while your parents are
kind of watching us one close distance
don't be awkward you can ask me anything
you're a virgin you disgusting Rami
Cooper is there anything yep good I am
sorry I didn't married before oh yeah
divorcee with three kids
why'd you guys get divorced oh because
he's gay he likes me
so can you go I can do egg and toast
they passed up twisting egg and and
tossed by itself all of them Bharati
such a difficult battle boys you know do
you work I do Bridal makeup actually oh
that's great very well I had 67 new
followers on Instagram and I did my
cousin's makeup for her wedding last
week but they're divorced now
what oh he was gay would you mind moving
into my parents house I'd be able to
appearance me in the same house or and
to be all sleep in the same bed too when
we consummate the marriage okay
religious very religious my la-le-la
Mahmud Ursula do you know anything else
bismillah r-rahman r-rahim what would
you rate the dog yeah of course when I'm
maybe like really really old for a diet
maybe the day before would you wait in
front of my parents and family relatives
I respect at least if you buy me a house
what's that got to do it anything no
house no he died what would your lease
where she welcomed you in the house only
if it was Louie Vuitton
so what beauties are kids well I guess
Michael Kors poor - sachi so that's shit
now
what's your Justin's like in general
Jones very okay I'm not like those
typical in Whitechapel East London girls
is it bleeds out and the skin on sure
okay not me okay that's good do you have
social media yes i G but I only post
religious chords on Instagram because
I'm really really really yeah actually
bismillah r-rahman r-rahim they were
team stuff they see hot chicks emanate
six so why is the pictures of you with
your boobs are in a bikini but you don't
do that oh that doesn't count
why would you be okay with me seeing the
boys at least once a week
of course you've a right little one
uh yeah would you cheat on me not in a
million years do you mind if I have four
wives are you a gold digger I don't care
about how much money the guy makes I'm
not those typical call ticket girls okay
do you think I'm pretty
yeah of course anything else my love I
think I'm done that was here to ask me
anything and everything how much money
do you make a year
what yeah Meuse and early nineteen grand
before times Allah Hafiz I have a degree
that doesn't mean shit anymore okay this
is not 1964 got 10,000 photos on
Instagram Oh would you shut me out of
course you can do a selfie thing no one
second my friend is calling me high
tourney are you oh yeah I'm going one of
them I'll see you there oh let me call
you back in a second I'm just I'm just
speaking to the guy who's like my
brother who's Tony Oh telling me oh he's
like my brother
SEMA go but he's my brother okay hey hey
what's your name again I said he's my
brother whoever you are
he's my brother meeting someone for the
first time is very hard and there's a
lot you have to think about because you
realize that this person may be the
person you spend the rest of your life
with you can't just say Oh Terrance this
guy who was hospitalized with the person
then I guess he liked his eyes nah bro
it's deeper than that think about it
this person will be there by your side
this person is gonna look off to you and
you're ill and will probably make you
ill most of the time as well that person
is gonna be with you through thick and
thin unless you get divorced I'm pretty
sure than the next person would be
therefore freaking thin and it hasn't
worked and boy buy a cat
they lost long and our Prophet peace be
upon him since
something that was really interesting
and I try to put it on my own words and
and tried to explain the best way I can
it was basically saying that when you
choose a partner you look for four
things well a beauty peonage and her
religious commitment but the most
important one is her religious
commitment Hadean hi Iman and the reason
why is because of this trying to do the
special message at the end but some
people are hoovering for no apparent
reason the one time my sister-in-law
decides to Hoover ever in her life this
was delivered a few moments later wealth
is great but that's money that's not
mine and as we all know your money can
go just like that money is not permanent
money comes money goes how many look at
a family linear thinking that it's
important that they come from a good
ancestral family well she is leaving
that family now now you're about to
start your own family your own legacy
your own name loads of people go for
looks but always remember no matter how
beautiful she is looks fade but if she
has Dean and if she tries to conduct
herself as a good Muslim as a good
person she's pious and has a good
character these are the characteristics
you want to be instilled in your future
children always think about children and
how she would be as a mother how she
will bring them up what she can teach
them because the lives of your future
kids they their upbringing depends on
just you and your partner it's all on
you so just remember that and if all
else fails there's always Mary now maybe
just get a cat in it anyway I just have
to say I have a couple of secrets I've
been holding for months and months and
months I cannot wait to announce this it
may come out next week we'll just have
to find out so next Friday I'll see you
then and don't forget to Like comment
and subscribe boy boy that's a baby
that's made
Allah Hafiz
