I'm doing I don't know imma shoot by my
seldom jumpy one that might keep some
boy play Batman sir please master please
let me speak the point yeah nothing
laughs we always have obstacles and
challenges and sometimes we actually
even have opposition ie
the enemies so let's just say you're
liking me and you support arsenal
mashallah times 100 by the way you're
going to heaven but also a few fans
already know that our enemies are
opposition I put them suppose I'm not
just saying this because they look like
this but it's just because it is what it
isn't it when you think of David you
think of Goliath maybe without Pacquiao
after the Pakistani is update we all
know what it is our enemies our
opposition on the fuck is standing
armies in it for this be honest for a
second Pakistani auntie's are without a
doubt the rudest most blood creatures in
this universe that's including jinns fam
if I had to describe Pocky story aunties
it would be like this it's basically
like Jafar Simon Cowell even going boil
up getting together in a threesome then
bang there you go Pakistani auntie
that's what she is now and there's so
many different auntie's out there so how
kuat make this video in it for
imitations so you can relate that
different type of Pakistani aunties yeah
every Pakistani will have that one
auntie that one auntie that married the
world in it back BAE Ottawa now do you
know how awkward it is to greet him like
I open the door and he's like a Salam
alaikum Hamza just get in Dave shall I
take my shoes off cuz you guys do that
don't you what it's like the auntie is
ashamed of being a Pakistani that if you
make conversation with on your life so
what is your name
oh you can call me Amy yeah but don't
get yourself up your name is I mean ah
Qureshi bigger right you in tepee takes
place one
you're getting guests from you can keep
going to Hyde Park and going on that
boat where you have to paddle and shit
with now although otherwise people don't
you look like this you are a Paki fam
that won't change Amy and you will
always get that one on T the ax younger
than she really is you know those ones
when you're like hi auntie don't call me
auntie I'm not that old
yes you are you're freaking old crap if
Jesus was still alive you would be older
than him but you're the only one that
could watch Jurassic Park and let us
know if the t-rex looks realistic have
you are a part of the Builder for World
War one you're 55 years old stop wearing
high heels time stop thinking about high
news when you should not be thinking
about a wheelchair if you're over 70
don't wear a saree no one wants to see
those wrinkles on that bellybutton
family and what do you mean though who
you aren't you well not gonna who you
just call me Amy your name is no Amy and
we will have that one auntie that one
auntie that has lived in this country
for 20 years 20 second years and the
only English she's bothered learning is
sorry nah speaker English someone from
our dictionary at them that when the
home phone rings is so awkward to watch
them like actually pick it up and have a
conversation hello
Salaam alaikum hello and I know you've
been a resident in this country for 20
years but let me ask you have you sorted
out your PPI sorry nor speaker English
imagine if the arty tries to marry a war
ah and there aren't that oppa having
some white wedding let you know one of
those ones where you have that little
kid that is such growing like flowers
and shit everywhere while she make you
so much less give this girl a broom and
imagine the priest turning around and
saying do you take James to be your
lawfully wedded husband sorry
nah speaking English
sorry not speaking English sweaty then
you have that one auntie that has Wolfie
should head then your local Imam don't
presume that everyone's blind and then
you'll get the auntie that never gets
invited to any family functions family
by that she's two turns up anyway
stamina and you will always have that
one auntie that puts everyone down now
you haven't seen them for time and you
go to hug them and they turn around and
they're like oh better you can take a
little part you party boy you are huh
you need to go to the gym you can poke
you fat shit how can you have the nerve
to say that when you're the fattest one
here your double chin has a chin but
don't talk to me about back when you're
the one who needs help from their
nephews just to get up and then you
always be that one Pakistani auntie that
is I of all demands for her door in it
now you just see hard weddings like
now you know one of those ones that will
just stand outside the boys school I
imagine having your first baby boy and
you at the hospital and then this Haley
Jim comes out of nowhere and she's like
you know those auntie's that will hug
you and I don't never let you go no bear
look into your eyes like into your soul
like you're the chosen one or something
like it's Lord of the Rings fool just
pull out the ring like my precious good
enough for the ring so I just did that
hope you go ahead no budget for these
videos sorry now then you'll get that
one auntie that would always feel you
that she would feed you to the end
better you must eat okay I have
something no I'm okay auntie Hydra I'll
just eat in no no no I'm making for
route this for you okay no no please no
please I I just hate okay okay I want to
make too much then and then she'll bring
you five rupees you will never take no
for an answer
if you try say no they will stop you and
you will always have those are keys dog
bear nosey
oh is invading my space asking me stupid
questions that shouldn't come out of
nowhere like Batman and be like so
better oh and you getting married is
there anyone there are you seeing
someone
she's focused on me right have you got
picture of her surely picture of her why
are you concentrating on my love life
when you're going through your fourth
divorce
yeah same now you know those auntie's to
have such a messed up love life when you
go on their Facebook page and you see
this fast it goes fix your life like you
probably heard more men saying to look
then you have people saying hello to you
go on the Jeremy Kyle show off that
Laura for help marry him if anything but
you listen it's okay
but you saw nosey nerves are keys that
tried to add you on facebook and you're
like now then that's my auntie left and
then you add them and then you see the
pictures in the leg in a club look are
you gonna Club them so we go like four
kids and then you see like pictures of
her like grinding on your uncle that's
kind of wrong cuz let that's your
husband's brother that's a different
uncle man are you running on him fam
the thing about Asian women like Asian
women I'm gonna be honest with you girls
you are the most beautiful women in the
world that's why I miss India always
winning and shit
well she used to anyway Asian girls you
are so beautiful in your prime but then
you hit 40 you change that woman that
you're looking like a shoe array and the
next minute you're looking at Donald
Trump and how can you be so beautiful
and then your offense antes so ugly and
fat afterwards it don't turn sense like
this is the genetics I guess like final
a Pokemon at the store you're like
squirtle like this and cute and adorable
and lovely and just great to look at and
then you evolve into boys it's like soon
as Asian women hit 40 this happened
you
maybe no I have so many messed up
Pakistani on please some of them I
really love there are some auntie's that
are all my friends
these auntie's would take me into their
home and they will look after me like
I'm one of this and I think that's a
beautiful thing about Asian people
especially the Asian women when they hit
a certain age they mother you and they
look after you and and I have to respect
that some of them are very special and
if you have a special auntie out there
make sure you just let them know that
you're cool because they have nothing
else to smile about cause they're old
and fat in it only an auntie can give
you hugs like a mother can share a
secret like a sister and can share love
like a friend
so to my aunties out there you're
watching this I love you very much
apart from Amy Amy I don't like you fan
so if I missed any type of pontoons
please make sure you write it down on
the comments below and also make sure
you like the video and more importantly
we are here right now so guys I need you
to change this video because I wanna be
here okay see you next week and make
sure to subscribe please is it working
