as you see this year this is when I've
got 100,000 subscribers a 1 million so
subscribe please
my mama we say say please subscribe do
now please don't waste our time and by
our I mean my what I'm doing I'm wrought
by them no one is sure by back let you
speak to the point it's too much you're
moving now I don't know if you know it's
bomb Apache in it fully packing room
none of these oh that's from Pakistan
but my my mom's from Island
no I'm talking 100% Paki both my parents
were from Pakistan now I'm talking about
back in the village looking cows in the
black midnight and shit but when you're
packing and it's a Friday night wrap
you're gonna get that one phone call
you wanna go shoot your bro probably
always go she sure man
can we go somewhere different what
difference you should please it's
scientifically proven that they are now
mushishi places then there are people I
was a fact google it but there are more
East London shisha owners then there are
Chinese people in China this is real
stats bro imma make it one he's like
they're safe by is one of those guys you
know those guys that take shisha way too
seriously
now remember what's him giving me advice
about signing no you know when you get
married that's like you complete in half
your day and when you hold your son for
the first time bro brought something
special or nothing allow me nothing
compared to a standard Griffin lid bro
okay hello this big - deep breath but
this guy so addicted to shisha he won't
turn up to his funeral if there's no
sheesh are there imagine if there was a
mountain year and one of his kids is
hanging like just hanging from the cliff
and on the other side you see a grape in
mid and he can only make one decision
either save his son or smoke that grape
in mid from he would jump off the cliff
himself if there was no coal he would
commit suicide myrrh buying it allows
more Czar's light
when you're gonna collect me probably
there 30 minutes I don't be late
Bravo you know me you know man so that
Paki came two hours late he came in his
mom's renault clio zero to 60 in four
point five minutes oh shit then you
maybe get to the shisha place now and as
I was looking around I realized
something but there were so many
different types of people that that just
pissed me off and that's why I made this
video different than some people in
shisha places in your circle of friends
there will be that one guy one guy meat
woman this guy let's just look up booze
right now and look at that person
picture up there maybe there was have to
splay picture let's look at him and say
you are the one good luck she shall go
buddy go
when you take your non-violence honor am
I'm just good at any food oh let me
start you let me start off it
oh it's been 45 minutes - they start you
up
that's why we pay we're all paying for
this oh man just give me the chicken
fight you know though she show all this
fat they will hold on to that pipe and
they will never ne-never let's go I like
the white cookie from Titanic I'll never
let go
I promise she kind of let go easily to
be fair and you know is get out one
group like just in the corner those
those unwanted Paki girls that come in
dressed up in in extremely colorful and
extravagant and expensive yet Crossy
shall walk amazes and I'm thinking wow
your initiation place fan but you're in
a shisha place you're trying way too
hard man that's like me putting on a
tuxedo and then going to chicken cottage
like you don't even make sense fat I
hate those girls that we've been his in
treasure places and especially the
shisha place have like lasers and then
just fix of the left metallic bindi and
every time you look at how you just like
a partially blind for like 45 minutes
now the next person I'd like to shout
out that we all have that one person
that one guy that doesn't smoke but old
is the g2o anyway
but you do look our place though and you
won't always get that one guy that will
always try to impress everyone
especially the girl was sitting opposite
him now he'll be trying to do these
hoots in these oohs and and all these
shapes and tricks and you know it's kind
of funny because it's documented
well-documented that 95% of these people
are jobless stop with this witch crop
and go to the Job Center you're not
impressing those girls but they only
wish death upon you let's make this
clear none of them will ever marry you
especially when your CV only says school
and I can do hoops that's it nothing
else
not much writing on the CD big deal you
can do hoops
you wanna angel to come down and pack
you in the back and sleep rolls on Bravo
well Zaun do you think that in the day
of judgment you're gonna be like I've
sinned all my life I'm gonna be okay cuz
cuz I could do oops then you get the
people who don't even know what flavor
they want yes hello
what is your order I don't even know
that that what's good in it it depends
on what you like oh yeah yeah alright
Allah give me that give me something
nice okay Mel well what do you like al
fucker do you like Starbuzz do you like
sushi mushi mushi
or recommend me something will you
recommend bro what about an iron brew
with a lemon in mint nah - a bro
what about a AGM sonica STD fuh I'm just
decided it how you gonna go into shisha
place and not know what you want just
get a j2 old man and you'll always get
that one guy that old is the same shit
every day
yeah sweet the grape in mint guy who
could throw straight away that this guy
is definitely single or he's married to
his cousin Imran he looks like a goblin
from clash of clans sit down man when
the shisha is not working properly
you're gonna pull the weight on and you
would always get that one freaky way off
and you know I'm talking about that one
way or that starts smoking the shit show
you don't kind of start and he starts
moving the pole with this finger you
know that I in it who is he what is your
fingers made of kryptonite now his
fingers must be the driest and I mean
the most driest demonic e45 deprived
fingers in the
follow edge railroad cuz that's where
they they live they live there all of
them and then you'll always find that
one white guy in the shisha place who
says that one line I've never smoked
shisha before and then you always have
that one mate
that will leave practically before we
even get there you know one of those
ones when you're there for like 40
minutes and then Nick Simmons you know
his phone is ringing and it's his wife a
t-shirt on and he's just looking at
their confused lad
pick up your phone because it's
scientifically proven that if you don't
pick up within the first four rings that
technically means to the girl that you
are obviously cheating oh my god
five rings ah completely missed and then
they'll be like hello hi babe just shut
the mosque and then that village without
disappearing will never be seen again
obviously I need to shout out at Molly's
and who like order one shisha between 20
and obviously the hijab videos that only
go to shisha places like soon as it
opens because they have to be home by
7:30
very clever girls very martial on that
you will always find that one lonely
Lily that smoke she shot by himself who
are you who are you are you those guys
who lacks everyone's picture on
Instagram but never gets a life back
prep go home make an account on Facebook
and make a friend even if he lives in
Australia just add him and you guys know
who you are we don't know who you are
but you know who you are if I've missed
out anyone then please leave it in the
comments below I would love to read like
the other ones that I've missed because
that's the people that I bumped into on
that Friday night I look first of all
smoking is obviously bad cream it's not
cool it actually calms your body but at
the same time I understand that none of
us are perfect
some of us do have bad habits and that's
including other things that harm your
body alcohol drugs overeating and even
if you have horrible habit and you can't
quit straight away for 2017 at least
make the intention of cutting down take
care of your body
because it's the only place you're going
to live
and wouldn't you rather spend a bit more
time in this world with your loved ones
and your family and your friends
then to smoke or grape in min I rather
form the group over bro
I see you next week make sure you let
them in and subscribe booyah but I have
a group of min now
