then no one is shoot back
tell them gonna be one that money let me
get straight to the point yeah I'm still
a young British Pakistani Muslim that
has finished his education now but I
don't have the luxuries of dairy Zagora
like on just tear drop and move out I'm
a Paki bro which means I have to stay in
this house with my parents for the rest
of my life until I get married and then
my wife would have to stay here too so
yeah
shame and then I had that decision to
make that decision we all face what do
we want to be when we grow up I don't
want to be like my cousin thorak who
like works part-time and being cute and
he thinks he's made it every time I see
him he's like I made it through and I
don't wanna end up at my uncle dodge
like he does security for like Tesco at
night shift in there and even though his
test score this to let him below minimum
wage because they're not stupid they
know he's here illegally but I'm never
gonna let the manager Tesco is always
threatening my uncle lap hey Dodge clean
up in Aisle seven or I'm deporting your
food our fees oh you don't want to clean
up I don't no problem let me let me just
call immigration let me tell you my own
food to do what every Pakistani here
wherever and does marry a Polish girl
hashtag new poll and do I want to be
like every single potato in children a
doctor no do you know why I don't wanna
be a doctor fan because I will probably
kill more people than I would save
people I can imagine my supervisor so
Hamza how many lives did you save
none oh okay well at least you didn't
lose any lives that's the main thing
yes I killed 14 people van okay yeah you
need to leave and then it hit me
do you want to hear what it is okay cool
drum rolls please huh okay
we don't have that kind of budget for
those kind of sound effects but it's
fine it is
what is this consolation silac allopathy
slant comedy okay okay tell me tell me
what do you want I'm watching good oh
really okay
Oh who's playing I don't really know to
be honest yeah oh wow such a cool story
bro anyway I want to tell you what I
want to be let me guess you want to be a
woman
what do you still speak like that please
like for nothing again
I'm just saying me like cool a local
Imam and see if the if there's a gin in
you let me guess you want to be a
solicitor like this guy Oh what the hell
is that guy I don't know what what well
anyway
no I am basically laughs I want to be a
I want to do YouTube videos this joker
he's a joking no I'm not joking okay no
problem just tell me what you want to
Newton what do you mean
written where are your dogs gone I'm
gonna bloody tell you ready shut yeah he
broke my back so no way I recovered
after a few years so it's fine my mum
has finally found this new hat I don't
know if you've heard of it cuz it's
pretty new but she found this new app
called Twitter she follows seven people
and she has no followers none and she
only posted one tweet and that tweet
said hello question mom are you gonna
say hello and put the question mark oh
yeah my dad is trying to convince my mom
to let him marry three other wives now
they've been arguing every day about it
oh bloody come online okay it says in
Islam and four wives are around yes but
it also says that you have to treat each
wife equally that's no problem I can
shake you all like shit beside by me I
can do I can do this I'm a bloody King I
can do this I believe it yeah she cooked
on for the next seven days no salt no
pepper no seasoning it was so bad that
he didn't even have a colour man he
wasn't even yellow it was like oh no
just was like so long even the flags
were flying towards the dog and then she
did a u-turn have you ever seen a flight
where you turn number one friend around
and it's a mad threat you know you know
what she said to my dad now she didn't
say that she was gonna divorce him but
she did say that should unfollow montoya
that's deep cause and how can you know
is that everyone's getting married now
and that's the main
that's amazing that all these people are
finally finding their true love and
completing half their beam it's
incredible
by its highly depressing for a single
people okay you know what makes it worse
when your ugly friend ssagaji married
let's be honest we all have an ugly
friend like you know the one friend that
we like okay that friend is the ugliest
and he just plain engaged and you know
what you're so sad that was actually
going through his Instagram to try and
find her because like I was thinking
okay she must be abnormal or blind or
something and I'll spread zooming into a
phase let me should go like like
permanent chicken pox or like really bad
acne or something you know like a
missing leg or something that would just
make you happy make me feel good inside
perhaps she was just a normal girl no
man even that sounded Indian Asian
people should never bow on wood cuz it
just sounds super Indian and maybe
Pakistani obviously I get a lot of
pressure from my parents
Pakistani moms would always say that one
line and that one line would be for me
to get married soon and then would bust
that line as soon as you hit puberty but
then they tweak the line and that's when
you know it starts getting really
serious when they tweak the line from
who need to get married soon
- you will get married soon have you
ever had this one your family's like all
we need to go to like some family
friends house and I'm like who and my
dad's legs oh yeah his uncle him Brock
you know no uncle LeBron well that is
uncle him wrong fan you know his eyes
that Suzanne he's uncle he's your uncle
Imran said that oh look it's cricket
watching cricket too busy watching
cricket right now I'm not dumb I just
went on my Google phone and I was like
cuz I'm working Ron from pooting have
any doors that I'm not married yet and
you know what who will Siri said to me
gee Paula come a woman of the grub that
are you stupid
oh you silly cunt okay I didn't say that
in my head I said it but in real life I
was like imagine I love you so much but
I have a feeling that you are obviously
to set me up and then Pakistani moms
will always come with that land near the
line I've told you about there's no harm
in looking
okay fine I'll go ah I proposed dinner
involved it's free and then get this
year when we were outside the house my
mom actually turned around and looked in
my eyes and said better don't
concentrate on her looks
remember it's the inside like this how
ugly is this girl for you to turn around
Otomi right before we step into the
house this must mean she's an animal and
you're telling him anything
don't look at her look what happened to
your famous Lane there's no harm in
looking and then rubbish for this yo and
I swear on my life she was like rap she
made the John look friendly fails is
still a dentist and to be honest his
life is practically perfect that he's
rich my big house he's still extremely
good-looking genuinely the worst thing
that ever happened to him was once he
sneezed an angel body is cool he's
actually doing some writing now I mean
he's always been really creative I mean
you have to watch out for his new song
that he wrote yes titled song Alma's in
prison even tourists are in it I mean so
a sign saying oh you can eat and then he
started like biting the stuff I don't
think he understood the sign like
completely a nice in prison so guys make
sure you leave your comments below and
hashtag free Americas yeah an awesome
cell phone star now he's gonna show a
new channel cool red hot a solo okay
okay man making one of the stuff up it's
just like the Pakistani in me in it when
I see other brothers that are doing
better than me so I have to hate cuz
that's the Box funny way but they all
good and I am really good ain't know why
cuz I find it back I want to get the
million subscribers and even though I
think is impossible and I've been wrong
with you cause I think it's completely
impossible but I want to show my fans
who are now titled you guys are now
titled
bad manners so I want to see their hash
tag him bad man but I want to show you
guys that you should always follow your
dream and sometimes it's not just about
reaching the destination it's about the
journey it's not just about views it's
not just about getting those mini
subscribe but it's but it was just about
being passionate about something again
and just having fun
and I just wanted to go back to the
simple days where I'll just sit on my
chair and just make jokes with you guys
I just want you guys to to feel a part
of something again and that's why I'm
doing these weekly videos every Friday
at 6 o'clock and if I love moves me to
get those million subscribers it will
happen and inshallah whoo
hashtag inshallah - tags in that I
believe these videos is a form of giving
back to my fans - my bad man's and I
want to leave you guys with this and
what it means to put others before
yourself there was a lovely little girl
and she was holding two apples and her
mom came in and softly asked if she
could have one of the apples and then
the cute little girl looked at her mom
and then she looked at the apples and
then she took a bite we go back hmm
and then another one oh girl go back I'm
a lovable do know and then the mom fell
for her smile fries and she was trying
so hard not to kind of hold in her
disappoint
then the little girl handed her one of
the apples and she turned around and she
said mum anger this one's real
