let me get straight to the point yet I
was good and first of all I would like
to apologize because this these
qualities are next level quality blah
blah this is like some Pakistani
newsagent
CCTV footage now I don't understand like
how this could get any worse is noise
this is not HD this is not even be found
this is not it this is this horrible man
this is like no no Kiyomi the first like
the first camera phone ever this is
probably worse than that even people in
in Kenya are probably watching this
thing what this is a bloody shit Bonnie
way I want you to do something different
today and no that's not upload frequent
videos that's never gonna happen
I'm worried my flower did it do was talk
to you about something okay
now let me tell you something when I
started YouTube I had no idea what I was
doing all I wanted to do was make people
laugh and this is the reason why I make
people laugh okay I know that life is
tough okay in life you experience so
many things challenges and obstacles and
and there are going to be a lot of times
where you're going to be you're going to
feel down again you're going to feel
down and now you're gonna feel like you
want to quit you want to feel that you
don't want to talk to anyone you don't
want to eat you don't want to sleep you
know there there are people out there
that actually fall into depression and
it's really sad but this is why I love
comedy because if I make a joke in a
video or whether it's in stand up on
stage and I make just one joke okay and
let's just say you know in the audience
that one person laughs just one now no
matter what that person has felt in his
or her past no matter what they are
feeling at that moment of time inside
whether they're going through you know
family issues or heartbreak or financial
issues or some sort of pain owes in a
stress no matter what they are going
through at that moment of time when
they're laughing when I wish but I've
just made them laugh for those 10
seconds that they are laughing they
forget everything and I think that's the
most beautiful thing you can do for
another human being and that
why I do comedy today and I've been
doing this for about what five years six
years and a lot of people used to tell
me all you know what like you should
tell people to subscribe and I don't
really care about all of that stuff
before I just wanted to make comedy I
just wanted to make people smile but now
I'm a brand and now I've got things to
do things I need to accomplish you know
I mean I need to feed my family and I
hamdulillah I'm not gonna lie I'm doing
really well - the dirty room and and you
guys have been amazing and something
something special has happened to me
recently I was signed by YouTube that's
right
YouTube and Google together signed me as
their ambassador there's only six
ambassadors in the world and I am one of
them in the world landing when the UK
not in South London I'm talking about in
the world I am one of six ambassadors
representing Google one of the biggest
companies in the world and YouTube that
is an accomplishment you know not just
because I am Asian not just because I'm
Muslim but even just falesha as a human
being that is amazing and I hope that
that will inspire others because that
was probably one of the best things that
has ever happened to me and since then I
have been up YouTube's bum but in a good
way
in any I don't know how that's a good
thing actually no am i edit that bit out
cuz they don't that Sun there are Sun
right no but I'm yeah I never used to
like speak to YouTube honestly they
would just send me awards and send me a
few presents here and there and that was
it but now I have how shall I say I have
developed a relationship with YouTube
and it's been amazing and I started this
campaign chord s upside down made for
you and this made for you campaign has
been the best campaign of my life and
I'll tell you if you got in central
London you will see my face on buses you
will see my face on posters on
billboards if you go to the tube
stations whether it's I know any tube
station you will probably see my face if
you go to use the station right now
you've got a bigger screen
like blinds you like this light is kind
of doing right now that's a really bad
choice of positioning by the way but if
you look up there you will see my face
you don't think a daily with all the
light select then the main lights with
McDonald's and Samsung and TDK and all
of that and coca-cola coca-cola is
always there you know that they're rich
sorry Pepsi you will see me on that too
okay just kidnap me today
myself
I went to the cinema straight after I
took my mom to Piccadilly and I was at
local a you impressed and shitting in a
shit she genuinely didn't give a shit
she wanted to go home and watch her
Pakistani dramas but that's another
story and then afterwards I went to the
cinemas with my friends and and there I
was on the big screen any any energy it
just came to me I was just like you know
what dreams genuinely do come true
obviously might have rode my mother was
bad man you know I mean laughs I did
that you know cuz I'm a bad guy laughs
but you know now again a man man feels
do you know I mean a bad man throws and
I and I'm not going to like this has
been amazing and it's only the star and
you know you should you know they wanted
me to do some sort of a video and when
they watch this always going to be like
why this is the shittiest video ever
like especially like the quality that
bigger Pakistan camera technology in
there but I'm I wanted to just basically
say thank you and you know one of the
things I wanted to do was go through my
comments even though I hate going
through my YouTube comments
I could some of you're so dumb I ain't
gonna lie big table sometimes I just
want you to slap yourself not even with
your hand I want you to slap yourself
with your foot you know some of you are
just done but some of you are so amazing
if anything most of you are so amazing
and you've really helped me through such
so many rough times and I knew that you
know with this amazing campaign and me
being pushed everywhere like I threw
like I'm back to my best I really do and
I feel that hunger with the hunger I
haven't had the hunger for a while but
the hunger started coming out when I
started doing bad man and the bad man it
will come out soon don't worry I'm
working on it but also I realized that
you know what now I'm the ambassador of
YouTube and you know being part of this
amazing campaign and you know I mean I
mean YouTube nearly every day like even
today like you know they were they were
giving out like one notepad to every
person and like obviously because I'm an
ambassador I just thought well I
wouldn't I went out I took my wine stole
more I've got free here and I think
we're gonna go back 18 downstairs and
show you about that you but yeah some of
your notepads are missing
point is like YouTube is my life okay
and I'm never gonna give that up but I
need to get those million subscribers
and I know everyone saying you're not
going to get it actually not to be
honest no one's really saying that's
just in my head but in my head that's
all I'm thinking about but I want to do
something yeah I've achieved so much in
life so much I want to see if I could do
it for myself you know like is the most
impossible thing ever for me to turn
around and to to get there a million
subscribers because I should have done
it back and died over by my you know if
I did it when I was doing diary Batman I
would have about eight to nine million
subscribers that's that's what I was
forecasted like they you know all eleven
the team they did like all the analytics
and stuff like I don't know I don't let
match that well I'm rubbish at map so I
think that the you know the percentage
sign is like like a sign for like a dojo
in Japan I don't understand that sign
even but you know I could have had
millions of subscribers but I never used
to talk people to subscribe and now
money like on three hundred thousand
even though now on three hundred and ten
and that's because of you guys I
appreciate that but I want to do it for
myself and not only that but I want
anyone to watch this who believes in me
to see that I'm gonna do no matter what
and if I fail which it might happen then
fair enough that's fine but I know I've
tried my best and that's what I'll say
to you guys is no matter what even if
you fail as long as you know you tried
you've your utmost best and nothing's
wrong you did everything perfectly you
know and that's what I want to do but I
don't feel like I'm gonna fail if I do
that's up to God
that's up to Allah but inshallah I will
do it I will accomplish it and I need
your guy's help so keep spreading and
make sure you guys subscribed if you
haven't subscribed because now I need to
get to a million subscribers the only
way I'm going to do that and is
something big something drastic so I'm
going to be honest with you I am going
to do an announcement of a new show and
it is going to turn a lot of heads and
it is going to be on a weekly basis
and it's going to start very soon and
I'm gonna drop the trailer at any moment
you know what forget turn on your
notifications on YouTube and some day
this week maybe next but most likely
this week I am gonna drop a video and
that is going to be the trailer to my
new show that was going to come out
every week and I will say that you guys
have been waiting for this for a very
long time and and let's do this and you
know what I wanted to go through the
comments and I wanted to shout someone
out but there were so many comments of
so many people out there they were
saying you know what he deserve so much
more than 300 subs now keep going hums
on you know that made that that made me
feel like I know I don't want to pick
just one
ah I love all of you guys and I want to
say from the bottom of my heart thank
you so much man you know I might be at
the top right now of my game but you
know I want to go further up you know
for for my family and for you guys and I
want to change and I'm gonna rebrand
like you know my youtube channel I'm
gonna have a weekly show I am gonna work
even harder and and show you guys that
you know I'm not just a crime that can
I'm here to stay and hopefully one day
you will
1 million subscribers and yeah and I
want to say I want to say one thing as
well to all my fans to all my fan pages
I'm saying to you guys now that if
you're a dedicated fan page especially
on Instagram tag me in your pictures and
I'm going to follow every single one of
you back and that's a big commitment but
if you're a genuine fan page then I will
follow you guys because you're
supporting me so why shouldn't I support
you guys and that's what made for you
for the campaign and I wanted to give
something back to the fans in a hope and
that's something so keep I'll keep you
posted
watch out for the announcements to turn
your notifications on I don't know how
you do it it's literally a button I saw
at the top of the phone I don't know you
write you're clever that mean it just do
it and I just want to say be loved and I
will see you very soon
oh yeah
