salamualikum' brothers ancestors oh yeah
I'm not sexist
anyway I'm just taking a little walk
because it's all about exercise it's all
about you know keeping fit
no forget that I'm I'm gonna be driving
and you can see anything you'll read but
I'm in my red car now and I'm gonna fix
my bed because let's be honest guys I
look like shit shit is not even the word
that that can describe this shit this is
super straight this is shit with a
capital S that we're talking about cows
shittin on a gel M High Street Road in
working out the double chin is kind of
going now here's you network are holding
a massive event obviously they had to
put me in their post or right at the
front because you know what it is man is
big in the game and I'm not just talking
about my double chin
he is growing it sting a bit spiky now
you know so obviously my man Bray's man
and graze man you know I'm saying grease
man bro my my new great mom bro
anyway and so yes so today hopefully
I know Sammy is coming down Sammy's like
you've got my shadow he's easy he's
everywhere but God they love for him and
and yogi might come down and see us
might come down to even yesterday I be
honest with you yesterday I had such a
busy day such a busy day I think I drove
seven hours yesterday you
I drove seven hours by like driving to
be honest not for seven hours but I'm
driving but anyway I can't use this now
cuz I'm about to like drive properly and
I'll keep you updated and yeah let's see
how this event goes it's an Hammersmith
Apollo this has been my dream to
actually perform they even I'm not
really technically performing I'm just
kind of going on and just just hyping up
the crowd you know do what I do best and
cuz I have to pay me if they want me to
do stand-up BBC you know that innit man
charge is bear money sorry
I gotta go now don't break the wolf but
DC a Doric floor what's the weather
what's that
don't break the wall I don't want to
break the law okay so I'm gonna leave
but so hot today so I'm yeah see you in
a bit
bikini time between a time yes bikini
this is fine brothers running in Python
shit yeah this place is sick I'm not
lying
you're a man and you don't like walking
around naked this is the place and then
we have blue jeans we have what's mine I
don't know he's doing with the hanger oh
wow intimidating we have come Ron I'm
trying on clothes right now I'm trying
on this jacket obviously don't judge
this because I just come back from the
bob is by the way the jacket you know
the best thing is I don't even need to
pay I just take it I put it in a bag and
I just walk all in it boss alive brother
shops is very big I mean I'm just
getting used to this whole vlogging
thing man
oh um I still look like shit obviously
because it's growing but this all lined
up now can you see it's all lined up so
it's looking alright I think what do you
think that comment below if you think
it's alright I like it but I had to do
Freddy gear Oh
how do gills to Freddie even guys to do
on the eyebrows how do you firm that
that they Fred this bit yeah I swear to
you the amount of pain that went through
reading you know the one when they do in
the face oh yeah keeping your Tom but
anyway I'm obviously Commons a bit
delirious right now today obviously I'm
going BBC Asian networks gonna be a big
team so I just thought I'd come here and
pick some gums you know I'm saying come
on you haven't find anything for me to
pop on this jacket which is really nice
I need to find something good for you
because you stopped thank you for
staying the obvious camera watch the
hair right now obviously man start
trying things and stopping looking buzz
but this is how serious it gets yeah
right now I'm making a t-shirt lost
minato form like a Pakistani lost minute
calm with a design and it's saying bad
man and my brother is living at home
obviously
there's no
in one calm vibe going in catania prior
you notice that you're my pilot every
time he that performs exactly the
flavors that you leave me wanna an
invisible ball
fine yeah fine
and this go on I'm saying stormy if you
don't even like you ain't even
concentrating bro you're just filming my
tip for a second we're here now well
we're at the gate like everyone's here
hey Ghazi Sammy got waxer TJ and some
next guy and yeah so we're about to go
in there doing a little bit of an issue
where they're only like for instance we
like mean but they're not like my
friends in there even though only slowly
Sammy right now but they've got them
seats and stuff well you just wanted
those ones we all just kind of thought
of it one that I'm just gonna go
loads of people down so it's kind of
like yeah just kind of controlling my
anger I guess by it's so good though you
know why would it be BCE but you know
that's just might give you the wayside
why can you do that blue thing for me
please thank you it's very hard to blue
thing
sister wax sister oh yeah that's my kind
of game of thrones common is that come
on man incense thank you very much and
you might need that as well backstage
guys eating didn't offer me any what
free food yeah about what
that's free yeah okay amazing
I know you might be a girl something
really quickly other phone call racks
anyone try stop man
Oh God
I don't know and he's famous whatever no
oh my god yeah I'm not missing about
you're stalking me there you go Wow
and your boy so I'm at the bone why my
lousy one at the bottom but we see you
start from just the energy is actually
coming from you and it's like a ray
around everyone
oh you must make oh come on don't be
silly I don't see I'm gonna make BBC
money now I'm coming on in literally
five minutes and I have no idea what I'm
doing so hopefully man let's see what go
on in it mud in there the winner
hey all right lovely him like the head
like the slide yeah oh I'm just
canceling because I'll have people come
a-knockin up with someone flicked me
yeah yeah it's fine yeah just to save
you guys money in it BBC obviously on a
budget
my wives marrying all of them just went
on it was it was crazy it was a huge mad
it was mad let's go yeah I'm looking oh
yeah it's very big part
bigger than me big man world 102 bad
Mendham watching this right now I got
you under my control I don't know how
but I love you forever and I love you
like my mother and this my brother I was
gonna watch this man hey man just got
kiss I told mom my boys I told him that
you know I'm gonna come here and bear
people gonna be on me obviously is Bobby
I know him guys well but you know it's
cool you know I'm still getting things
going him and you sure now
I don't now but you will be soon
basically we just need you to get your
bodyguard you need to get your mother
involved as well yes sir all right give
me a drink in a mango lassi so give me a
stroke on my back oh please sir don't
give me a stroke you always look good on
the camera really pisses me off I look
like a homeless guy yeah like a Russian
homeless guy who just look his wife
okay this is my this is my own blog URL
right sorry sorry sorry I'm not gonna
put that in it now and probably put it
on okay we always have to finish off
with that
ready steady life's good always follow
me on snapchat Instagram Facebook you
know the same thing what's my name
obviously I am looking really good right
now what she said hi Jenny or twenty
four things you like about me y'all
number one y'all read okay and I am now
here live with DJ Hobbs and hums of
admin I have to switch back to the stage
this one now
the best interviews you know you know
it's cool because usually what I do is a
quick style we're doing it again now
we're doing
