nice qualms not gonna lie
what whoa not here yeah I always trying
to hide it maybe he knows I'm filming
was it day on my bad bump I like it I
like it a lot yeah typical Pakistani
bald patch oh he looks like a freaking
villain hi Bhushan Roma
well his uncle anyway because it looks
like this had a few roadies what oh oh
oh
jujitsu this guy's keeping the share me
I don't even wanna go so basically today
I am going to do something for BBC
brother I mean this is my life I don't
even know what I'm doing so apparently I
need to get ready but I'm not gonna lie
as I'm filming this
I am completely naked that leaves you
completely as a bit creepy even me not
completely naked filming a fat pakistani
from my window you know it's getting
creepier by the second so I'm gonna put
it off now but um just do this as a
money shot I was a money shot the Fox
Valley villains - waiting for me
oh whoa whoa oh
thought that was Isis anyway Oh huh it
could be anyway so basically one thing's
sure just trying to find the chin worms
here we go hang on now this is very
important you know why because people
like I know this one guy oh god he is
my life forever his breath stinks and no
matter how how nice the guy is devoted a
known for being like the one at the back
birth you know he's in it was going to
be like our last woman you know she's a
guy who like the girl thinks he's being
shit for breakfast every day
you
I am NOT going to like that guy was the
scariest thing Rockman thing I have ever
seen in my life you know in our how many
words he said to me God the only thing
he said to me right at the end I said oh
thank you
and he was like very good he'd even say
probably trundle at the whole woman--it
I managed on hey kid where are you I
don't know where they drop me they put
me in some next place bro what's around
me track shit that actually I'm like I'm
like that the fuck of BBC yes
it's where the Tom Tom - Gus whoa the
driver another driver
yeah he just put me here and then who
got his left
ten minutes yeah
cool let's I said
so he's not gonna be here to another
half an hour I think when the aging
process is 10 minutes peak
you nicely
anyway I'm gonna like chill at this in
my life like you think he obviously
wants celebrity I hear masks for bear
protection
I've got no protection right now just
these two Gordon I don't know the
meaning of life and to be honest enough
of no one does
anyway I'm gonna wait for this dickhead
manager fair love and I'll see you in a
bit grap you know this how brave pigeon
are pigeons are small brave young
neighbor if my kids
look I blame these pigeons Oh
we wanted to
and left and right you know the campaign
just watch this big stick one's
attention
at these pigeons man you need to chill
bruh cuz man I will to all of you
individually might take me a couple of
weeks I'll find all of you even the
little ones I should let speak that
speak lets me nominally say that because
I don't want MSPCA like coming up to me
and I was a joke it wasn't really funny
and it was if anything twisted you know
today's just been a twisted creepy day
in it so far yeah
this year this right now so let me just
explain yeah this right now so I'm here
yeah and all the police have just taught
me for no reason and and and and I have
to be cool about this I mean I don't
understand this this is how it is you
know as I've tried to explain to sir but
anyway look my you've got my off now I'm
gonna keep this just in case because I
know how this has worked at the end of
the day if any of you guys said anything
wrong to me then at least I have some
video footage on my blog make sure you
subscribe everyone subscribe click we're
just going to check your system sir I
love you do all my dress while we check
your name see if you've been rescued
before
Chloe wait let me explain what's
happened
now I'll try to be as professional as I
can I work with the police the police
are very nice but let me tell you
something yeah like if I'm just standing
there and I don't know where I don't
know where bro this man comes up with
their police life
you think I'm not you think how many be
professional I'm gonna be professional
but I don't care that that's just me
hope is enough up is not about prison
obviously but to say soon as I got the
camera out make sure you know that's the
problem I think that is the problem we
have like 99% of have been amazing
sometimes we won't get judge at the
fallible scale we will be judged by
wearing a hood and it's just one of
those work now this young angry right
now I'm trying to learn you know that's
why I bought the camera I'll just put
you know what this camera is not here
like then I don't know how people's
obviously
from South London but anyway I'm come
now that the cameras are calm I'm gonna
move away so right now the cinemas shit
obviously tactical man together Shyam if
there's water in such a pretty day rod
and money hasn't even started and that
tends to drive us with you but he did
not say anything
what he said was elder that's all my
taxi driver said for 45 minutes in the
car dealer that's all when you say it's
crazy
anything you know it's gonna give me
nightmares and I was it was late he has
a permanent full throat you know I mean
like takes out maybe some fun kinky
boots and we will have some helpful do
not mean one of those ones I'm doing
something that you don't make I don't
know my manager knows I'm waiting for my
manager the taxi driver dropped me off
here yeah so it's all I know if it shows
four people two three that's all I know
yeah so basically I was caught by police
yeah I'm just because I'm here and I
Brown another camera
my manager obviously is late like a tick
that's the police let me just see they
go oh my husband away then the police
they let me go because I know what time
it is
it's all my instagramming so I was
verified asking for my dress that was
going out on a date you're not taking me
to mesh masala FEM don't ever ask for my
dress again
you know I'm saying well yes poodle shit
happens they're just doing their job I'm
doing mine and so basically this this is
the first time my managers seen me
without a bed what what's your what's
your opinion and you look good I see
this potential in your face yeah I'm a
big I think you're decent
all right if I was a girl I would I this
is just wrong you know the whole day has
been so creepy
now my manager is basically saying that
he will stops with me Oh baby oh baby
baby LCU's tough questions so first
session is we've taken some YouTube
comments off of your video I'll give you
to work right yeah I'm ready good this
one comes from Monsieur go bro you just
made me headbutt my blank why why
headbutt blank headbutt
mother's chest close it was three
thanks that red lips just one comes from
Egypt early total blank has changed and
we go deco space up from Andrew warden
Thunder you are an ugly black I'm your
biggest fan
can't wait for Phase three I don't check
it's from right division is legit oh my
god 1 for 3
honey is gonna this one from Michael's
from you are flanked like a chocolate
strawberry right Azumi I even so your
cars because I will pay $12 yeah at
least one line at least
I can make that up okay yeah that's fine
yeah
no idea so most summers your hair is
like blank
but people have messing with your hair
go my hands of gold must be colored
light okay cool so now we're going to
move on to the quick fire round
okay any questions we found yet what's
your favorite website my website is deep
one way to describe occitane funny most
useful thing in the movement hi what do
you wish you were taking with you on
show and kill what's your bet survival
sir and sleeping could you fight when it
a sergeant no Twitter or Facebook
Twitter no I think maybe Facebook
actually Facebook more useful knife or
lighter knife there's a point I will
stab us okay favor me
would you rather live without the
internet or toilet paper and I'd rather
live without toilet paper which illusion
this one drunk
Sophie's cool or cringe if the Tigers
it's cool figure does it
Stephanie French would you do your show
again 100% I'm a black boy I'm a bad man
sounds like I'm a no pitbull man I lose
your belt one little drop
hey all right you good yeah good good
anyway I just finished my interview with
BBC you know what I want to say
something here
the first taxi driver that I met and
he's gonna share at me and he's gonna
give not just me nightmares but my my
future kids them nightmares but this new
guy that I met Sri Lankan guy it's quite
old and such a nice guy honestly you
know coz I have a very big risk I know I
cost everyone I cost everyone this is my
this mean it but sometimes I look at
people and I'm like when I speak to
specially the older generation they've
been through so much you don't
understand would they be if we can learn
so much from my oldest such a great guy
talking about his country first talking
about sure like in politics and you know
one of those ones where I'm like I don't
really need to be here right now I don't
know she's like share about Sri Lankan
politics but um yeah it was really good
but I have some news
naughty Cubs and my mom is there you
can't see her but say Salonika mom G
okay it's queer you milk that one okay
I'm a G do you want to give our viewers
some knowledge mum's quite religious she
always teaches me stuff do you want to
teach these guys anything
bismillah hey yeah and then you say
chase and you get the bearer in it okay
okay cool but yeah we learned a lot
anyway stop it oh you're welcome
boys possibly these walked on bouncy day
you're holding up all of Rob
your money trying to war now boys trying
to be warned ah your boys
