he was gonna be like with Ferraris and
peeps and shit a freakin snow Lina see
mine was Italian in that I don't really
know why this guy is in my room like we
trying to find it your dignity freaking
creepy man
that's quite hot today innit
it's weird because the wind is icy but
the Sun is warm so yeah sunburn and
chilblains at the same time yeah we have
to go up that mountain am i starving
ourselves but I don't know about these
bad boys I think yeah I said let's do
that one the smaller one but they want
to do that with all someone's calling me
and the pronouncing my name right yep
coming so yeah so that's about it really
Hamza I think now that half the infos
you know out there yeah it's like
jewelry an Italian Austrian border in
the Italian Dolomites got a Carmel
Mountain Haven yeah there are babes
looking good kids watching this choose
so yeah we're gonna got the mountain
it's gonna be crazy the starvation worst
bit yeah it's just about how we're gonna
survive without the food yeah what do
you think about how chances of success
success is obviously impossible
and as long as we survive but we don't
really mean you guys you know get quite
steep that's what she said look it says
402 and that's the forty a thing no yeah
okay so we go that way should we go
hopefully we can hit they're a they eat
let's get out and inspect this other
thing the most challenging things so
fuzz getting out of this little buggy
just as a Teletubby
okey dokey guys
we have been traveling
you can't see anything it's a pitch back
I've never been my number one I've never
been in the mountain minute let me see
if I can do nitrogen oh well
okay yeah how you doing I'm all right my
toe hurts is it which one both of them
to be honest I didn't a bleeding fight
it's fine it's going cold huh yeah it's
very cold very very cold isn't it yeah
but then again I think yesterday was
Poldark
there's a lot of love in our hearts
there yeah I'm warm by that yes yes Lee
I'm here say hello to everyone
hello that was a genuine hello yeah yeah
I feel have the privilege to spend one
night of side with hunter in them
amazing Dolomites
thank you yeah yes been beautiful
beautiful hands very strong by the way
but yeah nicer honestly these guys have
been amazing literally the whole day
except fulfillment but the whole day
we've been just did she climbing a
mountain and and I thought that when I
when I do this project I thought oh you
know what like you know they're gonna
cheer you know we're just gonna be
driving most of the way and then an
again we'll just shoot us just climbing
a few trees but it was no it was full-on
it was literally full-on and yeah man
I'm Blair yeah yeah I think but yeah my
my energy levels are obviously low I
haven't really eaten anything
but from a couple of nuts so yes and if
you labels is kind of going down
not many jokes right now I'm not gonna
lie down to really funny Land Rover
odo I'm not gonna lie
yeah man that's about it oh you know how
the night goes
oh yeah Tony
I just realized something there's a big
possibility that nothin than drink tea
rows of coffee a day drinker all go read
book
and I just realized that there's a big
possibility that
I could be taking a shit in the
mountains or on the mountain
I don't want to shit on the mountain but
I know how long I can hold it and I
think that's the real test you know I
mean can't be wiping my ass with a rock
off do it that's just wrong that's
Flintstone's I'm not on that know about
our life so yeah I will see what one bus
comes to us I believe I'm even shitting
a Land Rover I'm not shitting outdoors
man allowed that hey my house taking
supplements turmeric first first three
hours cold I'm not gonna lie yeah I
sense evil the presence of S Club 7 is
here in this tunnel yes I mean my man
has the Gulf on his back he's carrying a
gun and Russell wants to follow him
because he likes to get raped by
strangers
Tuesday night one morning for Lonnie Oh
pulmonary ah loans or more ammonia will
you yeah yeah yeah okay no beef those
two I'm I don't want to get choking
Italy yes that into much length on the
camera just because I was climbing and
shit so I'm sorry about that but I'm
gonna put some of my snapshots in but
you probably already have so yeah man
that's it that's good
do you see I'm saying you know I mean we
improvise out here you know I'm saying
knives are so yesterday now it's about
leaves - shank you with bay leaves in
South London you know I'm saying yeah or
shrank you with the samosa under the
armpit you get me I'm crazy like that
yeah I'll fro Lam car in your eye don't
test me
by anyway the songs finish so I'm not
good anymore but yeah I think we're
gonna go up these cable costs today hope
they work if I see on the cable car is
saying made in Pakistan then I'm gonna
start worrying set up a bounty right
there that's the camera G camera is my
jet Wow
while the energy 7:00 in the morning and
he's still go ahead we're gonna do a rap
music video lay off and these are gonna
be the two girls yeah yeah I'll make you
my production but we can do your thing
if you want plug in right there thanks
is my friend now
it's to the coax this piece of them up
the pond needs to go down nothing
survival if we had to do that oh my god
no church there it's really cute
that's I know we've got some signs in
Italian oh yeah stop
what the hell
hi this is the last day Russell his tiny
shoes well he was before that was past
tense now took me me and Russell have
made it look at the view the view is
crazy I need to show you
looks like breathtaking you know like
how I would look naked holding a bowl of
fruit but there is one slight problem I
just kind of worked out that obviously
you know easy mistake to make but the
mouth that we're supposed to be on is
that one so yeah I'm just gonna like
pray namaz now you know how we're gonna
get there but we only got one day left
and time is of the essence I'm saying
I'm just an essence big in the game
right now
tricky legs
hey let me
Hanako semi but please send me the video
man over time Oh
Oh
to the chopper
don't piss me off I suggest you don't
piss me off and again
don't piss me off I said Esther don't
piss me off
run again don't piss me off please me
