cleaning is finished for now so we shot
five episodes and obviously these are
just little episodes just jokes
bantering I hope you guys enjoyed it as
much as I enjoyed making them because it
was absolutely hilarious with with my
boy a squeezy the last episode was last
week
last Monday it was called snapchat so if
you guys haven't checked out those five
episodes of two men one shot make sure
you check them out I'm bail of two
squeezy and hopefully we are gonna do
something and I'm gonna do more episodes
what does something this long thing did
I just say just do something a bit
different so about that it's just
sometimes I just feel I don't know it's
my lips are too big and it's very hard
to me anyway now Badman fine as you guys
know it usually takes about a month to
six weeks it's freaking 13 minutes long
so he obviously takes a long time and
you have to understand you know Batman
for me is the most important project why
am I look so fat let me say that it to
me Batman is one of the most limited you
know those times we just want to slack
off yourself that's what I'm gonna do
right now anyway look so bad money is
one of the most important projects I've
ever worked one yeah and I have
literally put so much passion into it
I've put literally months all into this
project because this is you know
initially the the third season of diary
Batman this was like the sequel to it
about at the same time it's allowing me
to do something different unique
something that we haven't seen before
and you know allowing us to kind of and
me to kind of talk about more you know
darker more sensitive issues that you
know unfortunately some of us you know
have gone through or are going through
right now and guys I just want to say
the love that you have shown it has been
phenomenal like you know the views I'm
so happy with the the comments I am
extremely happy with the likes the likes
I have just nearly as many likes on bad
man I think yeah as many likes on bad
man then I have on the second season of
diver bad man that's just my that's just
crazy so you know a lot of people are
talking about bad man and literally is
for me like a dream come true to do
something different I'm really gonna
make sure that you know it only gets
bigger and better now as you guys know
as I said it's been you know over a
month and you haven't even seen the
trailer yet now what has happen is you
know as you guys know I want to do it
bigger and better each and every episode
and for this episode I actually went to
Malaysia and Thailand and I'm not gonna
let you guys wait another six weeks okay
so it was plan B and Plan B basically
was to come back to rewrite everything
rewrite the script rewrite the episode
change the scenes organize everything
and just try to stop filming ASAP and
now I can officially say that filming
has now started and if you do follow me
hopefully on Instagram and Twitter and
snapchat at homes of production and if
you don't follow me like you might as
well just let switch this off you might
as well just headbutt the screen right
now I don't understand really you know
show me that you love me you know follow
me in it you know and if you do I will
reward you because I'm gonna be taking
pictures and videos of all but behind
the scenes and I'll keep you updated and
hopefully my aim and this is just the
aim my aim is to get it done well at
least the trailer with the release day
get it done in the next 10
give me about 10 days the trailer will
come out and I will have the release day
and hopefully very soon you guys will
see an episode that will be and I mean
this it will be worth the way trust me
anyway there is one other thing that I
want to talk to you guys about okay now
as I said Batman has been phenomenal for
me like it has been amazing you guys
have really been responding to it the
feedback that I've had from it has been
amazing you have been liking the video
as I said but I'm a realist yeah one
video every six weeks ain't gonna help
me get a million subscribers it makes me
angry because I knew I should have had
that a very long time ago and as you
guys know the story when I was doing
diary of a bad man I never used to tell
anyone to subscribe never you know just
it just wasn't really kind of my
priority and then after diary of a bad
man I think she's got so crazy you have
to understand like you know I was
dragged into the limelight and you know
now I have to let juggle you know other
stuff not just new to manage to do like
stand-up comedy comedy shows
you know touring schools college tours
other acting roles and you know of
course you know heaps and heaps of in a
charity work which I've done throughout
the last five years so it's been mad
to juggle kind of you tubing and juggle
all of these things at the same time I
want those millions subscribers now a
lot of people might think okay it's
impossible now like you're not even
full-time on YouTube but I'll be honest
with you even if it takes me free for
500,000 years yeah no matter how long it
takes I'm gonna at least try yeah and
I'm gonna give it my all I need you guys
help
number one I need you to subscribe if
you're watching this and you watched die
of a bad man or corner for so talked to
over or Britain brown bubble gum or you
know two months old bad man oh pretty so
I've left a few things up if you've been
watching that for the last five years
and you haven't even subscribed you have
to understand like I'm not even asking
you guys for money you're watching for
the last five years I've I think I've
made nearly a hundred and I think
fifteen or sixteen videos yeah
and I might be wrong by the way because
counting is wrong but those 100 plus
videos and I've not asked for one penny
from you guys
I could easily change the settings right
now and basically ask you guys to give
me you know whatever whatever is you
know charge you to watch these videos I
don't do that because I'll hum Dalila
I'm trying I'm alright I don't need I
don't need money a lot money but I don't
need money I've got a bit of it but
that's all I wanted you to do just let
you to get the mouse just go down and
where it says subscribe just click it
that's it you'll take two seconds
yeah so if you haven't done it then I
hope you do it now because I've been
working my arse up of five freaking
years
yeah and I'm not gonna stop so that's
what I want you to do tell your friends
if you haven't got a YouTube channel
make one now it takes ten seconds yeah
and subscribe to my channel now you guys
need to tell me what do you want from me
okay if I if I came back fully on
YouTube what do you guys want from me do
you want to see you know what my life is
like you know obviously as Hamza you
know and my life is pretty crazy
I ain't gonna lie so do you wanna see
daily vlogs do you want to see you know
how I was in Cairo bad man
/and bad man's world like in Daraa bad
man I'll be on the chin I've been
talking about Asian life of my life as
bad man and you know things that we can
talk about it relate to or bad man's
world exactly the same thing with a few
sketches I do want me to do that a no VP
basis or maybe twice a week do you want
me to maybe carry on bubblegum you know
bubblegum is one of my favorite favorite
shows of all time that I've made so do
you want me to carry out the death do
you want me to just just concentrate on
bad man nothing else but just to try to
maybe make him a bit quicker like you
know release them every two to three
weeks
is there something different that you
want from me random pictures every week
music videos or pranks or whatever I'm
not really feeling practice but do you I
mean what do you want from me and what
do you think is the key for me to get my
million subscribers let me come back and
give it my all but let me do it in a way
where we have a plan and what I'm gonna
do is enough for this video I would be
to clip on our picture saying that this
video is out but if you read the
description I'll also say ok guys leave
your comments down below yeah that's all
my Instagram yeah Hamza production the
same it's napture same with Twitter bar
for my Instagram when I when I upload a
picture as this video is up so the
picture will be up by now yeah they will
say comment below read the description
and underneath I want you to comment and
tag me and obviously I want you to
comment what you work for me and what
you think can help me get a million
subscribers
comment below even down below in the
YouTube tell me what you guys want and
hash tag afterwards it hums up to 1
million when I carry on with Batman
nonetheless because I pull a big vision
for it big plans but help me get to me
that's the dream let's do this
