let me get to the point yet I don't want
to snapchat or snapchat
here is the biggest pop block ever so
obviously you are talking to a girl and
you want to get their free ski like
proper dirty one of those run ones here
where you're not all wrong
I mean Wang yeah you know one of those
ones where you're like oh could I just
said wrong no but yeah yeah true that
and then turn around and you said to the
girl oh let me see your ankles I mean
but she's not know and nobody show my
ankles happened if everybody sees then
they think I'm gonna be slow so I'm like
no I'm not gonna be a slob ruff you're
just showing me your hands but you know
what you on snapchat because it only
lasts for eight nine seconds now knit
this when you scream shut it snapchat
tell us hard ice cream shorty gonna like
use a layout show my boys look at these
albums like do not I mean she knows
already
slap try your cock rock about what you
gonna do that we're gonna spit on man
your ass bitch I mean why is war that's
who I think it is some white girl that
just you hovering when you are in France
sit down are you getting over sent you
now obviously me everyone knows that
know those girls that need those
snapshots with only half their face
ABG's when you start bow wrong what is
what is your face too flat for snap
chapter is it to be continued let the
next step is the other boy were you
doing that rub that's all our faces you
can't even be apart the whole big job
that's what I'm saying and and going off
the hole snitch King snatcher you missed
one up you know fun I was talking to one
thing fam
yes dropping some bars you get me poking
my things they get me banned in bed with
my girl she's going through my snapchat
yeah what does she see the conversation
we had because the girl tapped the convo
and when you tap the convo and at the
end it stays on the actual convo what is
that about brother
- look cheating on my girls on kik
orphan blood my nothing light on my goal
and say my friend took my phone so your
girl might call you on a hike because I
told her that it was you girls are gonna
tell your girl so yeah I want to speak
to you
anyway anyway rough let me tell you one
other King yeah people who use snapchat
are so stupid let you know the gills
haven't you seen those girls do this
let's try to cover their face let like
that will you do it that's wrong with
your hands everything about snatcher
you wouldn't think like 300 seconds here
on snatcher yeah why you slap it for
free argue sir that's like 1 2 D is free
for loot trust me but afford it'll ease
man a 4x5 300 food for days
so you're Asian I believe you cuz you
know my man 300 seconds that for Edgware
for snaps and you've got 40 and then and
then to make it worse all your snacks is
you in your car hmm who tries for 4 days
straight BAM you know $1 for my snapchat
the people who used up chat here when
they when they snap a picture of
themselves and then this is good with
their face up cause little buzz then why
are you gonna write little nice one
picture of yourself and then scribble it
out that's missin up your self-esteem
drop me tell you what gets me wrong man
what what I'm not let me automate the
ultimatum of the alternator yeah
ultimately yeah well I'm about to or
make me see yeah it's gonna be oh admit
I couldn't think of any more words oh
but you know what fact the magnet people
who put snaps
then they ship on their story
individually to everyone else why are
you snapping me what should be on your
story yeah I don't care about that what
about and follow you if I don't follow
you why you snapping what's on your
wires connecting me you and Jerry
cleaning your car
yeah we're just cleaning our car me and
Jerry yeah then another snap yeah we're
just here in the car me and Jerry
another snap oh yeah we're just washing
up Brock put that on your story family I
don't care enough to follow you
Danny they don't care enough about your
story you see an Asian boy story
it's like hashtag she should time
hashtag rape and me hashtag no Cole and
then next date same story
hashtag a plane Minh hashtag me more
cold hashtags all got Nicole now are you
gonna hash tag over at the corner and
you know what I also don't like ya the
man that blow weed smoke on the camera
every snap baby lettuce at least say
something and always have skipped the
music in the background and he's always
white say skip the song not a no goddamn
machine
see those nine seconds that was it that
was it what who's gonna watch that and
you know what else I don't like about
snapchat one thing that I don't like
about snapchat fan the one thing you
know I'm the Marilla I like snapchat all
snapchat is hard is that you'll follow
me on snapchat thorugh now you know
statures got that thing where you can
just scan instead of just actually have
it to keep the lady d yeah you can
either go you can get some I knew yeah
let me follow me though cuz you didn't
follow me on I've been following you
tired
my phone's frozen bro Holly you later
yeah but you know what yeah big squeeze
old for fries yeah comes about a column
on the production make sure you follow
me Braham on every day I'm gonna leave
nobody should leave I'm talking fast
asleep you get me gonna give me on my
plate and you know what I am on snapchat
all Italy happiness it'll let me finish
because it's ten seconds prob that's
nine bull
this is Gary Hawkins ten seconds oh
you're one updated and you know else I
don't like about the people who using
snapchat going from you know when they
turn around and they just send a
broadcast to everyone and say pop up
what does pop up me know like that what
does it mean you want me to come to your
house is that freezing 3:00 in the
morning come on Norman is that what you
want me to do how together the pair my
thought was it loud enough I don't
understand why don't ya to do have you
ever washed up here at four in the
morning saying whose wake I am now you
just woken me up because I got the thing
on my phone you get me out your things
other means so you don't think is nice
again you get things I think last ten
alone get days I reckon you don't wanna
spinning right now yeah this is this
horrible use a second and gain of dink
yeah no homo sunroom
so what I don't like about snapchat for
what the people that go on snapchat
which I make let Nemo give his soul life
she wouldn't do for seeing right now
yeah we're chillin on snapchat listening
to music normal day hmm
we're just chillin huh now turn the
music up yeah stop shaking the camera oh
yeah it looks like our motive is the
life is believin oh yeah
these sound I'm just chilling in my
black garden with my little sister I
can't even afford a new look at her
smile happen yeah that's not it's not
that deep how can you say nice pants
but new system broke no more running in
the hood just blend it one second one
second yes see that's becoming this way
to actually come to this way no fighting
