let me just see to the point here now
obviously everyone knows we're dead yeah
but what we'll put that in it that one
of those ones where's that janazah and
everything but what I'm trying to say
here is what is Twitter is the earth is
a freaking pigeon is a seagull is that a
thing I don't even know if this is a
bird cause it's got a bird or a bluebird
if I blow artery on my music video yeah
and I say yo blood yeah I got song
called bang bang one two five yeah yeah
promote now I got bear get in the video
I've got their tips before holy can
views I need a thousand used to get a
record label interested yeah I'll put
the thing up and you favor it ya know a
turd yeah Lou Chuck's favorites don't
retweets nowadays everyone just our
favorites and it's not it's gonna lie
it's not your favorite cuz how many
things your favorite every day what is
every pin your favorite blood
what does that mean comment you have
gossip yeah like saying yo you know what
yeah come here
I'm just got a third nipple
oh gosh always at OPP nothin why would
you keep that a secret
I said don't be we've gone first before
and you go off yeah and you just keep in
your head talk about it all let nobody
do why I'd rather just say you know what
nothing was going to sleep you have a
third nipple fam
yeah we call it I like that's not happen
okay yeah yeah yeah yeah like affirmed
it was not no fan favorite the school is
its unique no it was not like that yours
might be like oh like with your fleet
with grease we also don't say that bras
they don't say that bro
yours will be Naughty Dog now I don't
like your nipples than me he's obviously
big in the game now famous saying like
yeah best things come in threes they
don't don't they say best if I dropped
out of school so I don't even know the
same I know that's not how it goes that
and you know I don't like money like on
Twitter and find out what to say in his
name o - it rock freeze a crowd from I
just searched it on Twitter from na
freeze a fight at all but I searched it
I used it for information but I get pit
up but anyone who would put up make sure
you follow me at homes of production
yeah follow me
easy please Oh Georgie with the jail
yeah you know what else I don't care
about hashtags do you mean growing up
black and then you put the store you're
growing up black
what do you mean growing up in an Asian
house but I don't care about that run I
don't want to know what happened in the
Asian house prof huh that I don't know
yellow one of the spikes and exercise
I'm wearing granny like it holding a new
visit oh that's fine buff right no
you're fat but they also use your coming
spider-man spider-man can I could
squeeze underneath this I think I think
I can I'm skinnier than you have you got
Vaseline I'll just put all over your
body
Vanessa team na yo mo sleepy
I pushed me go push me no no from here
from here kind of gala that side man
this is coke we took of a bun on brand
will you know push know what trust me if
you use some of the hands of the office
warm-up each has a rope you know what
broke nearly did you know you know what
you know chill camera the camera is here
night I'm you know it was
oh wait minority minority put that coat
there so I'm gonna what I want to do I'm
gonna get it
lay up but still my hand now we'll just
get the coke Nate remember we put a cop
there is dead fat remember it's dead on
you follow me i'm the production though
yeah I'll do my life mines not a
trapdoor let me get straight to the
point yet you know I don't like about
Facebook broth one thing is everyone has
been through this when your mom tries to
add you on facebook
why are you adding me are you spying on
my life are you spy a Pakistani
intelligence agency without the
intelligence on a roux your mantra hide
your face yeah ma I mom didn't Mohammed
II try I tried her and she declined her
is it is it not kuta for the one to add
a fault
do anyone mataji's not accepted he
didn't accept her request how do you his
family i had to show that are you was
you're not happy with it i wasn't happy
what my mom did i don't i don't care
that she she declined my request you
done me a favor
hammy a mom huh hasn't even had to do on
Facebook she's added me on Facebook do
you know he arose yeah travel got on
Facebook was well she added him to bro
now you know what happened she told me
that she got hacked so when I added it
Osama not with the Clanton Barry Chris's
is a thing on Facebook it's like a big
finger
what is insured like sometimes I just
don't take the mick bro are you drivin
come on her out this time to film this
times not to follow guys so good work to
be supple better
can't even do that
you're a fat momma quiet mom how much
you know while it loves Facebook didn't
even that afford no fateful flight from
Phoenix this thing yeah you know it's
there but you don't affect your life you
know that if there's no one really uses
iron I will never come out of nowhere I
would never come out and say no oh I
have used for this like I don't have
useful fees for that you know I'm strong
base cool it's Facebook right in my
dream this dream is rubbish look don't
even bother it now what let me show you
how a real Facebook is right now yeah
fine I'm gonna delete my facebook right
on the camera Facebook watch good one
directly bro come on come on bro he won
everyone so basically while he was
crying I just had made a fake account
and go his mom's picture and I just
added him because obviously you know I
was kind of peak up here but it's cool
like at the end of the day on his boy
and you know sometimes I go do i or do I
mean
you
