let me just get to the point yeah this
is the problem I have with Instagram if
you got gear she's always calling me
every day and she said why did you like
this your picture at 4 o'clock you like
this your picture at 4 or 5 times in the
space of three minutes full of that
murder island for one girls picture that
she she uploaded 47 weeks ago oh these
girls know about these things but they
don't know what they can't find out is
comment so guys I'm just saying you know
what if you want to lack of yours
picture don't do that especially what
Gil that's dangerous
what will you do is you write comments
and under comment you could turn around
of your lap I like this picture
well did I mean that's what just a guy
blood I like this picture that's why
yeah guy yeah no I like about Instagram
what huh damn Ganzi I have a profile
picture of a dog with five bullets yeah
they take they have a private account
man and then they have the instant
nameless is gun bang a one five five
yeah and then they see you when this
piece is hey fuck you don't follow me
back on Instagram doe how am I supposed
to know that your name is gone bang a
one five five you're ruining all do a
Febby Reaper you know probably cuz you
said I'm gonna change my name change
your name wait I'm you from you was not
to me if I'm you don't follow man I'm
thinking I'm gonna know that's usually
boy your private fuck why are you our
Instagram account if it's on private who
who sees this account yourself you know
yourself cuz I'm not following you fam
if I don't know why I'm following
private account where you go see your
pictures yeah you know what outside
that's being be anyone account for free
weekend eight years ago mine bought the
personal Ubu ones blood mine gave the
person's money man said to the person
you know what let's come on and go for
dinner yes better said no home I'm a guy
oh man that's all I got picture with
your new profile pic Brooke you know
what I don't like his wolf one of these
people yeah they had their their the
Instagram name Justin Bieber love or
something software was Justin Bieber
Nick was a picture of Justin Bieber and
he led my picture so I tell you what the
man in the hood
muslin hola Miguel I told my mom I
haven't told my neighbor I've never
spoken to him before my lap I knocked on
his lawn SFM just to be by supporting
the movement you know I mean and then I
find out was just a fan bro he's seven
years old rub
he hasn't even got pubes yeah family hug
you I'm guessing was just a guess bro
no homo from you go say no homo nah no
no homo because his Soyuz was official
I'm not re have cubed enough justin
bieber love i'm sorry you know why
instance a pop why your car there's a
lot of girls and in store selling dreams
room i get me like the girls yeah you go
on the king and take a selfie yeah like
that close yeah and smiling with a
Tangela
then I mean difficulties here bragging
yeah yeah Harper to me man see one girl
I'd like your dis going but DM in her
finally went to meet her man saw the
whole picture she didn't look 100 lights
and all angry she was a fat thing reoww
come on take a picture of your home what
this is why Instagram me the dislike
button
I'm telling cuz people might know this
year and they let know why is everyone
getting gas at least I know the routine
I've seen in roulette where did they
catch his guilt man I see I see one girl
taking the picture that she's naked in
the kitchen with thoughts in pants huh
she cooking anything you think what is
sexy about you coming home from work
she's gonna give me more hungry look at
imagine this she come home from work
yeah you're tired you're hungry you put
your bags down your girl says darling
can you take a picture of me next to
these pots and pans no yeah cooking
families when you go to the picture
knees
can you cook like I take a picture wash
your kid don't get naked get lots of
bands and bows like this and have how I
don't know cold flakes inside a bowl and
save cooking for bait no you're cooking
for bait yeah I want bacon not cook from
the bay but I tried to play on my
channel promote my rap career such a
wordplay like see now what Krypton
corner and you know I saw like a what
Instagram yeah then people for pictures
of Instagram because I didn't get no
like to the lead nah from I saw that
rude boy you got 10 likes don't I put
again in primetime when it's 9:00 p.m.
you have to think five o'clock and did
it back I don't like about Instagram I'm
looking at you know maybe houses what 16
lakhs has got 21 X no he's got four
names just the name was flagging delete
your Instagram if you only getting names
and your name and get numbers for legs
then believe the well-known poem sake
this is some guy in Pakistan doesn't
mean but don't worry just fix it if it's
burden he says as Pakistan his life and
I know those people who are following me
but not letting any more pictures I know
who you are
we're gonna follow me and not like any
of my pictures and you know I don't have
my Instagram at all you know those
certain people who do poses like this
where you look your little king that one
thing fun way is the guy who came the
guy that that pose like this why is your
hand on the back of your head you let
you yeah have you ever to like this fuck
each other have you ever - 10 years are
you biting the tip why you was that bro
especially when they thought kid you
know light-skinned something the
light-skinned clothes from and feel this
Frappuccino I like those was cheetahs
I'll be stoked man not right through it
helps mine are a lot yeah I know these
my name's yeah I know how much how can
you go no offense from I know go create
everyone equally but obviously not who
the feelings I've been created by gonna
God has allowed us to create they're
using them all in one picture now how
can someone look page how could your
phone ring while we're filming
you
