what was that we doing I was just trying
out some effect oh don't try no effects
but just getting dizzy for no reason
don't do that shit flu is costing a
spill moving around and shit yeah let me
just get to the point here today we're
gonna talk about money in happen mix
myself you're always you're always do
the intial I love it i'ma leave this one
oh cool yeah make it don't stop spin the
camera brother let me start straight to
the point here he said gifted at once in
Stockton but he has been dealing
differencing let me start straight to
the point here but uh yeah today my
talking about money you gave me Michael
to show you man had to make some money
you can shine like me you feel me
yes well I'm shining you ain't got no
bling you wanna see gonna make some
money you got a B on this thing one on
it and you gotta be short when I say got
you shot you got me moving food the gams
on a date biscuits chocolates cheese
lemon for me make zombies don't wanna be
mixed on the right in the market in the
hood you know you know what's a reggae
reggae source or so than individually
you know like the one thing that's in
with me and then a long yellow one a
little smaller you know one I want to
agree come on who we never don't cook
chicken all-purpose seasoning
I saw the skin separate skin surfers
yeah the chicken skin separate rough for
EP for the skin and one-pound corny for
the actual chicken yes so basically when
you want to shop Maggie Cooper them
things you call me wouldn't think
there's Asian girls if you wanna make
money as well cuz bet knows don't have
as much hair so you can so lawyer cuz
you gonna be a hair on your chest when
I'm banging Redmond in the thighs
everything so you can show the hey give
it to the back yells and the bills come
you don't winking in it then it goes
coffee more sausages yeah that's why you
want Charlie calm and no-one's replying
and another way to make money yes it's
what Magnum out this what you need to do
is you need to get very gills and I'm
talking about throwing compliments left
right and center are yeah you're very
nice and stuff and all of that crap and
then what you do here when you'll have
about six seven eight girlfriends let's
just say about 80 or friend
tenman let me pet odd numbers my cool
then after like a month or saying hey I
love you
yeah you just turn around and say you
know what I'm kind of low on money right
now
yeah lend me a hundred pound not worth
it yeah that's 100 pound you got her
girlfriends they're all gonna agree cuz
you said all of them are in my 800
pounds ten eight hundred eight hundred
pounds that's about 600 hundred thousand
pounds a 600 pound in Rome from the
promised one hundred thousand to take
away the chain at add to five and he put
my best friend Chinese brother
oh yeah a hundred thousand pound rose in
it my mom's always tell you man go get
your ass ain't gonna make money jobs
gonna make money what job do you got
money fun what you want to do from here
so they getting a job we need to do job
center yeah come on
if you go to three different job centers
in different areas yeah go there one
Friday Gordon over Friday you sign up to
every single one three different names
you got about 200 pound every two weeks
times free that's 105 laid out every two
weeks you a 200-pound coming in the only
no job just telling me looking for jobs
and they're gonna be like yeah believe
ya toward your path come on
we're not finished yet bro oh I try to
me one knows exits oh yeah yeah
I fought fair knowledge of man yeah I
didn't bang did you know a cameraman cut
that be out yeah make sure you cut that
be outdoor hands from the engine yeah
yeah yeah I'll do that
don't let's don't get it you just been
on a burning from hey plug I don't burn
in fam let's go don't tell your blood
even in a cartoon on the asian community
in webbing gear what happens when you
get married yeah all you do is write on
the wedding invitation no box gifts and
then everyone has to be money in an
envelope so by the end of the wedding
you're gonna be making at least five six
seven G so I'm saying is look just just
me out with the girl who's on it who's
on making money you get married you go
through the whole process of the Mende
and and the dancing around and
lalalalala
and then banks
the most rate after you've made seven
grand and you have got three marriages
in on one year flap basically have to
get married first oh yeah you have to
have to get married first and the
weddings gonna cost more than seven
grand to do right and you know what year
I was watching this program the other
day was cool at Troy hunters yeah it was
about hunting and shit you can make
money anyway bro you just walk around in
the wooded out I'm guarantee you it's
like a treasure chest in a suitcase Sam
come on I've got to grab this C case
looks like a Greek happen why are you
like this energy I'm not gonna shut that
yes a bit lent him in the end I've never
heard of a spire at all look if you just
met right there's a mouse taper off your
float is it a there was a massive weight
I love us with me mo Maceo backbone
right it's obviously weight any the way
my name's man got my teeth cleaned or
Derek if I might to your man up come and
told you right there there's a bucket
right here bro you know how many people
need buckets now Asian people Asian
people yeah ice bucket challenge and
also Asian people we don't even use that
shower ping we get that you know where
isn't it so that's easy lat 15 rupees
you think that kid right there you said
that kids out there who we need to do
this put him in a blue one time yeah
that's 25 pound right there for per kid
25 pound per kid are you dumb but you
can see already that that's me the
missing got mine collect these glass
meters and deliver people's yards under
a legal gas enough to pay mopping or
just give me about what 250
yes supply of gas who doesn't smoke
no shot the we've shot the package the
packing is the most important how do you
think it comes it comes in the package
if you don't collect packets when you
see them on the street are you gonna
deliver the stuff give me money to be
made if more people don't understand
what you're gonna go to job and then
work for 10 hours for no reason I'm
getting some white guy sick what the
floor
these member wallet there's nothing in
the wall apart from a show card but the
one it was expensive though is what you
gotta make much I look at that push you
over there from right I don't let push
your hand oh my comment lock it up with
me but he'll be back you know in my
fucking sick lock you poof up that's
what that people saying look I like you
let me see you on it oh so that's the
owner
we try to make money is low compared
hello I'm gonna trying to take you out
hello mana on you cuz you're making your
money it's gonna compete with youth is
it fair my bear rule geez you know you
got testicles yeah you got weight troll
yeah you were saying three yeah
you've got the corner shops on the side
I'm very liquid huh I still doing it for
power here comes Knight 7 pence yeah
yeah yeah exactly
I say 5 pence brother you gotta make
sure you on top of everything I would
attract the margin it was the Tropic the
topic the prudent lifter money Martin
something margin top yeah but I'm Jana
sounds smart buy you eat pie chart
he said you mom want to do a grocery
shop is about she's going to ask the
blunt let mama let me capture him in
Pasco open ahead look one time bruv I'll
slap under a branch I'll kick on a shin
and say sorry assalamualaikum though but
our customer service is good as well so
don't don't take these fresh black with
bad in you what we do rentals as Lord is
that yeah man I'm just proud you didn't
talk about the rental business yesterday
no well you don't even more money than
me fun Rob you're the one with the gold
chain it's I mean yeah broke my arm with
a gold chain in it eight hundred
thousand pounds that was you've got
enough money for the PlayStation 4 but
they only got one control pad Rob I'll
rent you that second control pad you
know I mean even though it's a ps2
control pad but I'm pretty sure it works
it's probably in somewhere in it Wi-Fi
hello a man due to Netflix and show
things now do get a go run honesty
Netflix ensure obviously that means that
you get me you want to get my make it
cold get me you paid minor pound fifty
for the Netflix cold and Manzi out there
yeah they want to do wanna what's up
there girl in it but 79 feasible it's a
it's a crazy investing abroad so one
thing is look if you want something to
say to your guilt
rum write down on a piece of paper and
me and squeezy will personally deliver
it to harden I'm saying that's how we do
brother will go wherever is more planned
in South London East London what's along
the river is will just go and we're just
saying here he's thank you laugh out
loud there's a lot Africa man email you
say you can make 100 million pounds more
than your bad do see if you're smart you
send it back me off
bro that's million which is a 800,000
cool that's something you can ignore
them kind of emails from email their
brother back your pantyhose your pin
everything yeah guaranteed money they're
gonna be 100 million Oh think about how
generous are they they would have kept
that money themselves but they're like
you know what we want to do some that
travel to I don't know what to get my
money lunch at my back deals over time
here and you get me I started seeing
money coming up my account yeah I said
to the most kind I said it's an
investment they have to invest amid all
the money to come back obviously look
give me hundred mil that's doing best so
I've been investing I'm a businessman
now take gonna make money makes you hear
my now to get me be caught we know we're
talking about in it you guys you can see
we know what we're talking about yeah
you get me saying go y'all go monkey
recording my pony like hearing it
ringing it should if I don't come back
at him 20 minutes Ma's gonna get beats
and I go kid by the changing up yeah
yeah
about people he do it man what's wrong
