learning a treat to the point year
what's going on brother I am so tired
it's like 6:00 in the freaking morning
but look basically last year I did a
school tour yeah bad man school tool
2015 and let me tell you something
brother
that was a madness 60 shows performed to
Nelly I think over 30,000 kids and it
was such a success that at the beginning
of this year my management was like well
they did a DJ Khaled they were like
another one
so now bad man school tour 2016 is about
to pop off it's 6:00 in the morning it
is today I think the 11th of January
I'm just waiting for my driver to come
down and I might need to eat some
breakfast team like I don't know like a
banana or something or some not Coco
Pops because obviously that's like
that's real my mom buys the fake stuff
like I think I know it's called I think
it's called touch up ups but yeah I'm
gonna have some cha-cha pops and and
then yeah man I'm just gonna go on road
and it's going to be a madness it's
gonna be three weeks of madness but you
gotta do it I do you know I'm saying oh
yeah you know I'm saying okay and that's
a close-up never close you just go ahead
I'm not gonna lie but one thing that I
do not miss about these doors
so we left about the last 6:15 we got
here last night
it's like mm 15 minutes
1/5 hello hi it's going to be a mad one
I see the John namaz is in that so yeah
yeah I like that I have original plays
all together in our me and say mama have
elope in bed and stuff spit weak what's
cool man it's gonna grow in shoreline
first show is finished now we're here at
some like posh hotel and they're gonna
have like crumpets in and out like my
security team like I don't know little
bit different I'm not gonna lie but it's
all good it's so good like I'm I'm
willing to try free food you know I'm
saying so yeah man this place is
actually beautiful I don't know if you
can actually actually see like just be
nice and that like she's something huge
really I kind of overhyped about inside
it's like Papa posh you know that
Victorian in that I'm gonna try to pick
my camera up up you know I'm just scared
that some some old white guy was gonna
spank me that's the problem with these
posh white border places yeah like you
go to the manager Neil eyebrow
there's no loader and is that you walk
by Ewok you want to learn top of the
motor you just came upon we destroy
tissue that's better I don't know how
people do that and get this year I'm
trying to like trend with my life in
peace to go these pains you freaky pains
that just like disturbing my life
you okay so mean the guys we've been
talking about eating healthy looking
after ourselves and you know just being
on top of things and so now we incur a
I think you go I have a coupon karai
you're gonna have everything else so
yeah so we're just eating everything
right now and so yeah should be good and
then I'm gonna go to the next school
probably do a shit first and then
fantastic
you
amazing performance everyone smashed it
was crazy but this is the part where we
have to beat the crowd you have to be
the crowd so before we get ambushed spit
- wicked I'm done love you guys
obviously like you know always been safe
roaring that spread but de-limb
definitely a Ferrari though don't look
at the badge please yeah so I just got
dropped off I told you one thing here
this is just the first day but I'm sure
I'd remember when I when I when I came
out and it was bad dog
yeah gone dog again I probably been out
for like 12 hours and it's just the
first day it's crazy but it's worth it
the fans you guys have been amazing and
yeah time to pass out what's going on
people in my room right now and let me
tell you a true story
so yesterday yeah my team were lap know
Hamza Yuva and none of them talked like
this by the requisite oh hi pop I'm
going to Indian accent no hums I think
it's time for you to have a sleeping and
I was a wicked you know cuz the first
the first day was really hard enough
well you know I I definitely need to
sleep in somehow a kid so you're gonna
come late or tomorrow and they're like
yes we're going to collect you later and
I was a brilliant that's fantastic like
what have you gonna get me
they said 7:00 7:00 in the morning
they ought to understand you obviously
imagine road man out here here know road
man know road man wakes up at 7:00 in
the morning you just gotta think about
the outcome and finally you know that
that moment when you've done your shows
for the day and you finished it and then
you just go outside and you feel that
fresh and you're like yes fantastic I'm
done it probably will be followed by so
hums of tomorrow we'll collect you at
6:00 because you had to lie in yesterday
shit what's going on people finally here
I can't see anything that's the building
really it's taken us two hours and 15
minutes to get to edge where North
London as crazy in it considering story
in London but it took us two hours and
15 minutes absolutely mad I'm shy a
bombs numb but you know I give it up to
my driver man Vina he's been killing it
but to perform today here two shows and
then afterwards I think we're going to
West Minister central London and got
another show there so I've got three
shows today's are really need to be up
for a man
yeah I don't know how I'm gonna get
through this I haven't even eaten even
have my on a banana my cha-cha pops I'd
still like school ha ha ruff you know
sometimes when you go to these schools
here and you realize how shit your
school's this is mad absolutely mad
they got Scylla back Sophie say a spot
on actual thing enough we are gonna go
see laughs take it and we're done
just on two shows it was absolutely mad
hey enough to the peeps out there near
turns and Elevens and now we're about to
do I think it's called Phoenix high
school so we're just outside a couple of
minutes later obviously Pakistani so God
be a bit later would be a bit weird and
so yeah let's see how this one goes in
the last time I actually did a show here
before it was Maggie was crazy like when
I was doing the show literally like
people from around the school may find
that was there so they just left their
lessons we just had like hundreds of
kids just banging on the window outside
just going crazy so yeah man it's a
hopefully it's I'm gonna be as high it
because I think these kids are a bit
older so hopefully they're a bit more
sensible and but yeah let's see how it
goes man yeah yeah we go again
so like even though I'm their child and
very tired but on TV shows today I'm
actually going to the gym to box yeah my
start boxing or amateur always saying my
door
anything you want to say to vehicle head
duh
be good if you can't be good be careful
alright I'll buy something la like drugs
is not that bad
that's how huh laughs it's wobbly though
yeah okay sure top again
all right guys obviously man is here I
thought I was gonna make it but I am
boxing today with all these brothers oh
my boys it's free love is the book my
beautiful DJ is opponent in the phones
only the sexier mom play us so I'm going
to show you how to skip watching land
alright that's going to be too long fine
yeah
because you want to get speed as well so
welcome to go for X or in short
understood this on set so about this one
of our speed and timing
silly scheme struck up and the aim is
obviously babyface shoulder shoulder
this is what we have to do to
demonstrate for powerful Austin has been
training very hard today my son as you
can see my son are very good really nice
really did you yeah how did you find it
it was very intense yeah I would
definitely recommend to people to come
to join us because if you want to get
fit that man over there yes the bed you
know detailing stars the wonderful start
is here but he table fully off but other
than that amazing one out him one rotten
stop reading there are you yeah it's
good touching man this is yeah this
assured this wrong yeah go hitch no
really yeah right message to all the
kids exercises long don't worry about
this play playstation 4 we're here I'm
us myth car dummies
yep the first shot was brilliant let me
just show you my face this blog is
really boring it's just a just on my
face so far but I'm I'll show you some
like flowers or something layer the
first one was West Minister Academy
amazing when they last year to perform
and it was slick Papa sick and but yeah
unfortunately I could do like the whole
selfie thing in store honors schools
being wrong but they were cool and now
we're here at Hammersmith Academy trying
to keep a low profile right now because
there's not big kids down down there but
this man is blocking me so it's alright
but God did you look you know I'm saying
be alert
yeah I'm gonna be honest with you yeah I
don't know what's more tiring doing the
performance or waiting around before the
performance
it's I swear to you it's the most boring
is boring is the word because if it is
I'm going to use it right now
the most boringest thing you could ever
do in your life but I've been playing
with this bowl like this only so many
things you can hold work who can do with
the bow dude I mean after a while it
gets boring with the place change so
what about chill really they confused
because I don't know what this is right
it's kind of like an orange slash a
peach slash an applet long do some black
magic you just need their own food like
yesterday but if you know what this is
can you please write in the comments
below because this is confusing the shit
out of me right I don't know I didn't
get everyone did it so anyway let's look
at my pebbles of what their hosts of
Ljubljana yes anyway shooting will do
and know about a text message and I've
had this day for like an idiot yesterday
even though I did two shows yet one day
I thought would be a great idea to play
football and now my right leg here it's
a messed up now I'm pretty much limping
but we won though in it one of those
ones so it was worth it
let's see mark one Oh someone saying
hello I'm outside going up these white
people
what's the known people just did a show
in an open manner my sister goes to that
school my dad and my brother are the
family business you know bubblegum we do
in a Hello stuff with Mobe Manor and now
we're in Harris Academy staff or was it
just fucked up we're just keeping it
cool
so east brewery just did to show he was
mad brother I think you know what though
those kids will probably like the nicest
kids of MIT on his team
such a nice school I couldn't do the
whole selfie thing at the end and the
reason why I apparently was because like
they need consent forms or whatever
so when yeah I couldn't do that so that
was just a shame but big shout too
easily
okay so it's taking like two hours to
get back home from North London to South
Africa and obviously I injured myself
yesterday so what I've done here
deceive me
there you go so basically what you see
is a pack of frozen mixed vegetables
stopped on my ankle with a belt yep
professional
husband of your doctors
we said I have never done this I have
one stage with my camera and a lot of
people don't know about from South
London I'm from no Brie
yeah it's just remand for teeth and I
have to say this school is very special
to me no real minor no banana Maison
that's a wrap well not really to be
honest guys even though the tour is a
apparently over it really isn't because
within a couple of months we are gonna
recommence the tour hopefully fingers
crossed which is speaking to a lot of
schools right now and then hopefully we
are gonna do not only more schools
around London but also a lot of schools
out of London so if you want me to come
to your school or your college then make
sure you I think
comment down below either down below on
the YouTube and off on my Instagram for
the post that I uploaded for this video
obviously like you know this vlog was
very messy I aft admit as well I
apologize because I've looked back at
the footage and I'm so tired I was so
tired and I look like I was I'm gonna
lie
they was yeah like like Amitabh
Bachchan's um pick that one about like
blue like buzz
so I let's apologize for that and
obviously like you know I was all over
the place this this vlog was just like
literally random bits and bobs of like
the journey I went through in the last
three weeks and I just wanted to to
share my experiences with you through
this vlog but you know I think I think I
need to buy a new camera I mean even
this camera here this is the actual
camera that I'm using right now is the
camera I use for diarrhea but man yeah
the first things another Batman was on
this camera so I think it's time for a
change
I think I need a new camera soon and I
might start vlogging as what do you guys
want me to vlog like properly let's say
if I walk like how many lights and let
me do something that probably not really
gonna happen if I ever got 7,000 likes
on this video then I will buy a new
camera and I'll start blogging every
week and I'll start a new show weekly
vlogs about my life cause my life is
kind of crazy like you have not even
seen the half of it so yeah and the only
thing that I would like to say is them
once again thank you guys I'm especially
for the people who were apart the show
thank you guys for all the love and
support and energy that you've given me
to carry on move forward obviously phase
3 I spoke about at the end of the year
or last year but I haven't really done
anything about
because I've been on tour now that the
tour for now is officially finished I
can go on first of all making bad man
for this Friday I'm gonna do a post
about you know how phase three is gonna
work the shows that I'm gonna do and
when they are starting so on Friday I'm
gonna post it up on Instagram make sure
you follow me
how comes the production on Instagram
okay so if you follow me on Friday that
is with the big announcements are going
to going to be made and you're gonna
find out exactly what's going on as now
I'm back on YouTube now the tool is for
now done so I can do what I do best and
hit this year hard and and yet and most
importantly guys the thing that I've
said in every single one of my shows I
don't think I did 25 shows yeah and in
those 25 shows I've always said please
guys the only thing that I ask is not
only for you guys to show you love and
support and spread this video but um
just to subscribe because I really want
to get there a million subscribers and
that's all that's all just press the red
button underneath so if you could do
that just now you know just press that
red button or make an account YouTube
account takes like 10 seconds and just
then press the button so you're
subscribe especially if you do it on
your phone if you do any phone that
every time I release a new video like
Batman for Batman 5 or to mine one show
or whatever is like all my new shows and
stuff and you'll get a notification so
yeah please subscribe and and that's
about it for now so Friday Instagram
