man I'm not able to see I'm in I'm not
high I'm in I'm in I'm not gonna see
bludgeons I'm behind a man I'm not gonna
see I'm in I'm the hype
I meant I meant I'm not possess me
bloody Shonda - I'm not moaning I'm no
fucking just don't gonna marry my cousin
news is she's the one that you know but
she know he's gonna know that's long
she's got triceps no that's long since
back gonna forehead that's long she's
gonna seven no that's wrong seriously
damn that hype I meant I'm allowed cuz
I'm a GCSE you're too high
I miss damn times you see I'm a gem the
hype i momentum the IPCC pledges on the
hike
you
you
while one that Jim I'm joking I'm joking
we're doing with us now you know that
mean you you like people wait back
I'm your mom you dumb shit we all family
even by all present select in our
stinking left
I'm more like you know maybe you can
laugh tonight dude what is the opposite
do yes
no correct no I really like the way
you're boiling love you
avianna do Oh Monica parties are my
bringing her family for dinner
you must stay or it looks wrong the hey
under Harriet look right but I said no
boss why are you bringing public
transfer into diverse meanings stop
asking me please and stop over
exaggerating about the hair into her lip
hum so beta it's been so long since I've
seen you last time I saw you you were
this big
oh I can I show you you big gets a hold
by Jack here not much where my man is
how tight is going to these mice cancel
the happiness of my life but she says I
have to stay cousin aren't you came over
wait hold on is it a wonder the hair on
the ready
ah no well Marty saw him here that I
guarantee that in the day of judgment
Allah is gonna punish me for not holding
my uncle ha listen so mean the poison
here we still can't in his house fight
to get some girls
let me ain't getting old hey yeah he
said you ain't getting no ghost he's
facing Kenneth who you living her look
man's coming go man is coming yeah
alright cool oh that's it I'm just gonna
go downstairs I'm gonna look mama in the
ice and I'm gonna say hey
basically I was sneaking at the house
pray yes
yeah I'm like ravio even though it's no
Ramadan
I'm dedicated I didn't see you sneaking
out of the house and you didn't see me
smoking come on oh bloody hell
what you doing no good high blood
pressure you poof glut what do you think
why you smiling how many times I've told
you not to smile you look like a village
rapist are cut away with it now listen
to me he's blue her Rami that's cause
they all know selling these bats one man
for 5p each that's ridiculous boss let
me call my wife la baby
don't disturb how much she's cheating on
you show that guy some respect
okay you know why these bags afford
Spencer Cobra this is a you say why I
don't know why I will tell you why
because of the bloody vermin yes all
these bloody women walking around
signify me I'm so best friend with the
Western bags with Ed Lois what Mons
you mean Louie Vuitton yes and the pussy
is remember chief of the bharatas you
mean proud Ramos this is what I said
coming on Piratas anyway we have to be
smart we have to be vigilant so from now
on I am going to sell each bags for 2p
however we will also let the customers
fill in a small easy 14 page contract
that will clearly state stop stop doing
that
what are you thinking are you fingering
the head stop it that will clearly state
that they will have to pay us one P per
month for the next two years that's a
very good idea bet I'm finished I'm
finished just good ol nothing's wrong
know me I'm finish you think you're for
big because you look like a underage
porn star from Afghanistan you are not
part of the porn industry come on so I
do it now you can compliment come on you
can you can now you can complement to my
idea
oh oh come on sue me lost the bloody
wife died yeah what what he snuck out
the house but where are you man oh are
you i whole thing so you think you're
gonna comical it me and drop me off to
the house boys
well don't worry I've got this give me
two minutes on there
oh crap what are you looking back it's
alright cuz the Kyoya listen to me you
hi orangutan yeah there is no freaking
way I want to jump on that
Golu lien we can both manage to grab I
ain't gonna laugh I'm not feelin kinda
comfortable with the station taxi man
how much of that that would be nine
twelve seventy okay
let's run that 12500 shut up oh man
bloody bloody
my dad would come I got home so he
scared me you scared me too
what's wrong with you man are you
leaving the party so early because it's
just like a typical party that's for
with like a million Paki gangster
wannabes who all think they have hard
with their revenue market vici jeans and
they all think they're bad because they
drive Honda Civics that they inherited
from the older brothers I'm on what's
wrong with me shoot one second let me
just see if a nice can collect me what's
it
here you go codeine no no I don't think
you're gonna like that and he'll
been together for quite a while now
you're all right looking I'm really good
looking
I'm gonna that girl's a very expensive
yo what's going on bro here yeah oh okay
okay um but that's my girl so who the
fuck are you okay I sense tension but
it's cool about suggestion pornhub is
this prick being serious I'm sister
please approach please come on nice load
look hey listen pornhub Oh bleep oh come
on why do you guys try to be heroes this
isn't a Bollywood movie you know what it
is you know Salman Khan so basically you
come unaware and he whispered confidence
in my a fella fifteen seconds one who
knows my No um let's go this ha ha ha
let's go we say no yeah
Oh
sometimes we get complain
with our sins whether it's lying
cheating stealing or even disobeying
your parents and sometimes we're in that
frame of mind that we will eventually
stop sinning that I'll grow a beard
become religious when I'm older the
mentality of doing it tomorrow but what
happens if there is no tomorrow in Islam
we believe that there are no refunds on
wasted time time is our most valuable
commodity we cannot earn it we cannot
inherit it so don't waste it but my sins
our complacency has diverted me to
another part a different direction and
has opened a door and through this new
door I will step into darkness till my
heart and soul sees nothing left and
what I didn't know it was this was the
very moment that led me to a journey of
my own destruction
you
mr. niggas we to the point year now guys
lately
following a queer Instagram and snapchat
at home the production no linking make
sure you do year and interlac my
facebook fanpage on the production with
the edges and most importantly hmm
please please please subscribe to my
channel
