yes but I'm the reason why I don't have
it is a big training basically over Gil
and she was naked but then I realize
this it's kind of harm so I crossed it
out and then I said okay well I'm
actually just gonna draw a picture of a
naked man
but then when thinking about for a few
hours I realized that okay I guess
that's that's wrong to write naked maybe
I should have just put clothes on them
in the first place there's nothing you
know but then you're not like to see the
eyes everything surrounding it so as you
guys know I kind of liked ghost it for
like a month
hello people were like why
me honest no one said that if they did
it would have helped cuz at least I
would have known that someone loved me
but then no I won't say that thanks guys
daddy feeling down lately and then one
of my friends bought me a tampon I gave
the message brother thanks was such a
lovely gesture but anyway the point is
this kind of man like I never knew that
mental health is just as important as
physical health and as humans we
obviously have to look after our health
the best we can
don't you agree with what I said maybe
this guy's be different having this guy
if he ever had a problem I think he
would just say bismillah near now no
freak when I was feeling really down I
was in my room dad come on no relax
so hums ah how's your uh how's your uh
my two videos doing huh before I turn
into a white kid and stop calling you by
your first name what's your first name
by the way is dad in it no it is
actually
shut up in any box don't let me leave my
balls on your head for ten minutes
but anyway you know twenty years ago in
Pakistan me now is your age don't add up
you say I'll tell you something but then
you know it was a very simple but more
fun yes no fun okay what did you guys do
for fun
good question brother I'm your son you
see me and the boy is in the village we
got together every night and we used to
play with this one stick just one stick
you see the thing is he used to always
go to the forest mean the boys and we
used to take turns playing with a stick
then one day I saw this man he was
crawling on the floor - so sad his arms
and legs were covered in cow shit was he
definitely girl she yes of course one of
my friends elated confirmed that it was
actually tough shit no dog shit and
we're like are you sure and he lifts the
gun again like no it is definitely up
shit you have great taste in friends
above gee what a guy and the guy look
like he been crawling for so many miles
he was so tired and then I realized it
was my uncle ollie how did you know my
friend he licked him again and he was
like this is uncle Ali Jalali was he's
complaining this morning and he kept
mumbling about how someone stole his
stick but we didn't pay attention we
just carried on playing with our stick
the next day we found out that he died
the police said that he could
my wild Kashmiri rats the so common
police said that if he had his stick he
wouldn't be on the floor so vulnerable
leaf is a stick he could have hid the
Kashmiri rats away but he didn't have
the stick humza I'm a suicide they look
sad but he did he'd give me a headache
for about a minute no one found the
culprits the people who stole his stick
so I had to respect me and my boys yeah
he buried my uncle
next to the village toilets we basically
decided to bury or stick that
coincidentally looks like a walking
stick what a coincidence and we decided
to bury distich with him yeah that was
his stick and you know an Asian parents
are wrong and the Khan speak English
probably then is completely even he
didn't know what you were saying no
don't you send me this stick was brown
and our stick what well it was brown
actually okay well Kelly's you gotta
stick back like you're depressing me
with all these dead uncle Olli stories
means that we used to do already used to
do fun things we would drive around the
village and we would kidnap little kids
and then they would sell them to
foreigners Oh the highest bidder that
kind of sounds like kid trafficking no
you don't get it it was for banter on
the every time you would sell the kids
and they looking at us and they crying
they like no don't do this I don't know
who this guy is
we just basically say to him banter in
the parents if they find out that if the
child is gone forever are they crying
and I'm like come on man can't you take
a joke people don't understand but to
really yes some people anywhere but you
can you leave because I'm starting to
feel like a sense of responsibility I
need to report you okay I'm going I'm
going to cheat on your mother now I
speak to you soon okay
oh wow that was honest I don't forget to
do the math okay be a good Muslim to my
dad I officially feel worse yeah thanks
for that dad you great at carrying
people up but it why did you come in the
room but I was like it could be worse
like I could feel worse that's the
feeling when you stop schooling
the first day back to school feeling
like our robber experienced it so I
don't even need to go school because
it's just long in it and one thing I
don't like about even parents is
whenever I use your school uniform they
would always buy your shirt or your
jumper oh your blazer it would be two or
three times bigger than what you
actually are you don't let this kid and
then I'm not what the hell why you
trying to make me look like a kid and
they will be like you'll grow into them
well my year nine school plays and then
you got me Stu doesn't have years ago
man even my article Shawn would find my
school blazer
baggy and this woman is so fat she
brushes up on stain teeth with a
broomstick no that part is bad fish but
you're stewing for breakfast and every
time you smile you look like you've just
listed gin and another thing that I
hated when I used to go back to school
is the fact that I had to stop my dress
again number dress is basically like a
Muslim school and then I remember thou
finish school replay come home change
then I would just sit there on the
stairs looking at the window waiting for
the cream mini Buster click me I'm even
lying my look was here they employed
this local freshy to drive around South
London collecting all these low kids and
then drag them to the moss and I was
thinking Brad I know for a fact you
don't have a license who improved this
man he had no idea what he was doing
lolani
once he looked at traffic light and I
could see in his eyes he was thinking
what's that
and I remember his haste oh he look like
he used the Terminator teleport machine
and you went into AE is going here come
on came back I no matter when it was
spring autumn summer wind cough doesn't
matter what time of day is whenever I
would see him he would have the first
three buttons of his shirt undone and
I'm like only big heads would do that I
mean the guy was creepy like that look
you know that Lahori sex offender look
you know I mean and he knew no English
cause like once I need to devote polish
and I said to him can you pop outside
McDonald's because I need to go for a
piss you know he said to me
assalamu alaikum that's a true story by
the way i pulled in my needs about pool
he said assalamualaikum what off ha and
the only time I'd hear him speak English
is when he would have robbery and he
would come up with the madness causes
and what are you doing lizard man hey
you stupid foot piss yourself man hey
you suck my mom probably suck your mum
not suck my mum when you back to school
now I remember my first day back at
school first day back at school your
teacher will come out of nowhere with
some Russian UK proof briefcase and
takes out all the essentials so I sit
down and realize I'm stuck sitting next
to some teacher's pet you know one of
those ones those kids that know that
school starts at 8:40 but he's been
sitting name in the chances and he's no
fully Asian you think you might not need
coffee for breakfast and probably had a
shower in chemo you then the feature
would be the register then you hear that
1k by 16 my sounds like he's 42 with
full kids and a criminal record with
tonsillitis yes yeah where's the focsani
wing even though he's never been boxed
on in his life and got his name on his
crepes he also looks older than the
teacher and he simply doesn't give up my
name i do the name you it was your
parents fault but it's pronounced thumbs
oh I don't get it white people yet you
can pronounce photosynthesis and shit
but you can't announce thumbs up
what's wrong with your breath I'm sorry
okay I'm in my mouth oh that's right
they just announced it incorrectly again
but it's no up
how can you pronounce somebody wherever
he is but you can't pronounce hums up
and then they would say some dead thrift
listen here hamster on don't let me give
you a pink slip not the pink slip bro
and what did I tell you about having
hats in course for safety safety from
what it's a hat if someone attacks you
and stabs you in class we wouldn't be
able to identify him but only covers
your head
the whole entire face nobody blocks your
face from the cameras well she came up
with cameras but no cameras here you go
budget for that that's why I mean we
always have to sit in those benches you
know the 1950s benches in essence
beginning of time
stop complaining I'm Sam Clemens from
you said even wrong by now come on is
that you do so it features on this buys
you flowers every day what flowers the
ones in thank you
class III three fake patties of you for
his armor hey don't exaggerate on your
mind man silent shut your mouth Sammy
what have I told you about your hoodie
take it off okay that's not appropriate
school uniform allow him man I don't
even understand what we have two-way
school uniform anyway like the school
dead blazer let screamed out virgin well
that hoodie screamed up detention
Goodwin said you're so witty
can I hug you no no problem say whatever
you want but why you having a bright
pink shirt this is a school Normandy
what kind of shirt is that Sonny I love
you say the white shirts are more
expensive in it okay put away your phone
before I coma skated well you always
picking on me fast because you're the
only one being naughty mom he's smoking
sheesha yeah but his family is poor
let's drop a ball so we have to be nice
thank you sir
plus his sister is hot what especially
in year nine okay that spawned out I
wouldn't you Khattab you on with your
assignments while I please with my eyes
wide open
okay
it is the first day of school how can
you not see the pain this belongs to my
mother so please take it back normal
you're saying but can you just give me a
piece of paper in this video job this
belong to my grandmother please look
after very bad Mother Teresa
and you know those teachers who have
zero intimidation and screaming like
he's a white Joe in a horror movie y'all
wanna buy some weed
so it's 9:00 a.m. about pokemon cards
man's got exclusive in it put that you
know thank you
I already got and then you're thinking
how the hell are you gonna get through
this dead listen I'd rather be a hole
glinco night this nerd would rather be a
hole masturbating over a textbook this
grown man in pink school uniform would
rather be in a gunfight somewhere in
Hackney and the teacher would rather be
in a job actually pays well sorry yes
sir
you are you okay to be fair I just got
really bored I was gonna draw another
picture button let me see most of my
pictures tonight super Haram but one
thing I want to say is appreciate school
I know this sounds really stupid but I
miss it so much fast and you never
really appreciate the environment that
you're in until you're out of it and you
realize that oh that place was pretty
cool back then the only responsibility
you would have is doing homework but
when you grow up then you have to stop
worrying about other things like
mortgages and how do I cheat tax and all
of that crap oh do you get the hardware
become so trust me when I say this enjoy
your time you're with school you're
gonna meet so many people you're gonna
make friends that are gonna be your boys
for life you're gonna create some
memories that you will never forget
enjoy those football matches at lunch
time the ones with the tennis ball
because the footballs are gnarly too
dangerous enjoy those moments in
detention when you're looking at your
children you're just looking at him and
you're thinking or bear sick curses but
you can't say you are allowed because
then he would give you another detention
and I'm saying enjoy those cheap cheese
pasties the cheese pasties are more
expensive in the real world
don't forget the times in school and you
play with the stick no one cares about
your stick preciate you taser school
good or bad those memories will still
stay forever
but make sure you like the video leave a
comment on the things that you love most
about school and the things that you
hate I make sure you tune in next week
because I have a special one it's
basically the worst Bollywood fight I've
ever seen in my life like it was so bad
that was good it's so funny because
we're done yeah you caught me see anyway
I'm gonna try to find my mouse now so
party back subscribe
