against nature high army how'd you say I
need seeing this in the door like my cat
was just dead I just want to have this
just die in front of me my singing
killer my cat is dead the cat big off
movie I don't know what to put it now
what happens when you ever did I'm gonna
put in the bed or something I don't know
like I don't want people bury their
animals in the garden by adjusting us
best freaking what do you want your
burden to being at the cemetery allow
that
how can Minds play football in the
garden I could use that tombstone as a
goalpost
but anyway what's going on decided to
make a little simple video for you guys
about Mother's Day and you know it's one
thing yeah you know it's your birthday
and you go to your mind you're like say
mother what are you gonna buy me for my
bed of pain and have me know is that
Asian Muslim mums who always turn around
and say oh shut up you don't celebrate
birthdays from za we are Muslim this is
what they wish people do and even in
Christmas I'm just like mom can we have
for Christmas the Christmas tree and
presents underneath the Christmas tree
like in coca-cola hard word please and
once again there will be like we don't
celebrate Christmas okay we are Muslim
but I use Muslim at him and his family
have Christmas tree where Ali and his
family are going to help with the
Christmas tree I mean it's Mother's Day
you didn't even get me flowers on
Mother's Day what oh so we're
celebrating that though yeah I'm sorry I
didn't know that Mother's Day was an
Islamic quality and why do you love
flowers so much I don't get what is the
height about flowers oh you never bought
me flowers okay you're an Asian girl
right and I know you didn't tell your
parents that you were on a date right
now cuz mine is ruled out oh these
parents right now to the mums and dads
if your door turns around and says I'm
just going to chain with the girls yes
I'm
his house she's gone and if she's
wearing more makeup than in the clown
and she's got some hench back with a
dress in it that you would never approve
or let's just say for example the black
and blue dress with all the bland news
out there don't whine and gold dress if
you think that dress is white gold then
you are officially blamed wreckage in
must have peed in your eyes or something
that's what happens when you buy your
phone in a newsagent you need to do with
Dew and calm down fine you ate they Oh
without a doubt
on a date go back to the girl while I'm
gonna spend seven pound on flowers when
all you're gonna do is say these flowers
are so nice yeah
but I can take home because my parents
don't think why you got flowers but
really nice tour really nice flowers
it's just way for money giving someone
flowers is like giving a cute cuddly
puppy to someone and then four days
later did why not gonna buy you flowers
if the expiry date is four days we're
gonna do four days with a flower buy
back to the point I don't know wait
mothers are so hyped on Mother's Day and
I'm not gonna like sometimes Asian
Muslim month it was contradicting
himself like has this ever happen to you
in your room listening to music and then
your home comes and no way like a
poltergeist and she says sir our music
the Angels will not come into the house
with the music on musics Haram beta I'm
telling you is Haram
it's like wrong with the Cape super numb
stop listening to music then a few days
later you go down to the kitchen and you
see your mum busting some moves
and they're always a kick that's how old
people dance to music it's like they're
riding a horse while clicking what Vegas
into music
Ohio's Haram and they always say the
same thing no it's different these are
classics oh yeah you know the Angels
they love the classics though and
mothers will always compare you to them
have you ever found yourself after
school same or man I'm already tired and
without a doubt your mom will say you're
tired they are to wake up early a key to
the cookie actor to the cleaning after
Benny the cat you'll try it I should be
tired I'm okay I didn't know this was
compared to market calm I'm just saying
I'm tired do you think it when you buy
your mom jewelry and always turn around
and say it's nice but you shouldn't gave
me jewelry you know I don't did it are
you talking about I see you at weddings
looking like mr. t even though he's got
a Power Rangers after winning a game of
bingo and where do you take your mom mom
do wanna come
shishah with me and you can take a
mushrooms but no mums they don't even
eat that much so there you are
hey um do I know she's done is taking
two bites of the frickin burger that
won't be different I thought hey mom
let's go cinema a little girls talk
about fifty Shades of Grey let's watch
that don't really know what it's about
everyone's talking a mess I'm pretty
sure it must be good yeah don't take
your mom to see 50 shades of grey
especially if she's wearing at your job
and she's waiting good at elbows to the
neck
I wonder what we say about Asian moms
Asian moms love this son I could come
into my house at 4:00 in the morning
with my pants down holding a gun my
mom's would be like bet I'll have you
eaten
shall I cook you something my true shape
it was a girl who came back at 9:00 p.m.
in a nabob from her cousin's house who
also wears in the club Asian moms would
be like Lube learning
but why do we need one day to show our
moms affection and love it should be
like that every day for me personally
Mother's Day is just like I don't tell
you what a mother's days thumbs up here
we go you'll see a Mother's Day
it's like eating team up naked on top of
the mountain and not know they'll keep
up no edema without the piece and see it
on that is what one stays about and I
don't get that it all started with a
young boy at school the teacher who
happens to be a mother said what's
today's date and it is handed wound eyes
miss and she was like shut up you bloody
bloody Swart leprechaun you pronounced
wrong this belongs Monday smooth on
Monday point I ha Monday moon dry Monday
good Thursday you just say motor state
sorry I mean one day you are very
intelligent young man this should be
your day where we celebrate the mothers
how the world of Pakistan you are super
fantastic and you know who this little
kid was thumbs up me is my dad trying to
convince me that he created Mother's Day
but through the loans that they have a
happy Mother's Day
- thank you so much for being patient
because I know the who your children
like me always men
we gotta make sure you follow me on
Instagram Twitter Facebook and snapchat
let this video and make sure you
subscribe to this channel
hey I'm max I'm not I'm to see I'm a
Gemma hi mmm nah I go sissy glad you
some behind
