no you bloody killer yeah you I'm you
agree with you move it you know how
maybe you're Dudley oh you're standing
there talking about you tacky Australian
bubble if you are tiny velocities in the
next 20 seconds I go to fart on your lap
so hard that your pied are going to get
bruised correct
how does that bullshit your missus check
on you oh shit on your lap I'm gonna
check on your knee for our who needs
gonna be safe ma ma you do I'm from
chillin right
you do know this yeah cuz you have to
give us your permission
ya know when I was young we never slept
with literacy babe no no not a song if
you know what we used to sleep it
I'm sure the real bed yeah but 50 I'm
sleeping with a bed my dad like to us
this is Norma this is Norma Norma this
kept scratching my back what it is
Janice the fog line double and I have my
first cigarette at the age of six six
months I like everything there's an
easier way to make him talk
how could I talk in the sellotape on my
mark
I didn't have time to realize it's been
four days Valley point no it's a valid
point it's okay
you wouldn't know you never had military
training
eighty years military training I'm
talking 35 38 years oh we fought we did
embroidery sometimes I brought threading
waxing nails was horrible some of the
best years of my life out there in the
freezing Sun there days every morning
being served frozen macaroni cheese like
I like up like a block of frozen cheese
we we had a lick like an ice ball then
one day spaghetti hoops you know what it
feels like to have macaroni cheese every
day then be given spaghetti hoops
confusing to the soul that's right that
was the first lesson I learned about
losing something you love you see these
stripes it's not stripe that's right
because I heard them then I ate them I
ate my stripes they don't mean jauntily
I mean uh they don't mean James to me ah
they don't mean jack to me are these
people your family relatives because you
keep talking about drowning and jacking
and you know independent oil they're
cousins
oh not real cousins we just grew up
together we say we're cousins
oh we see each other at weddings
funerals you know family thing yes okay
yeah I mean I could I could marry John
if I wanted to it's not my real color I
can marry my cousin yeah alright yeah I
loved it right I know the folks after I
was telling you about
what's my cousin oh right that's a
touching story I like no really because
I I you to the Fox the next day nice
almost on time sorry you know you're
hungry yeah yeah I know don't you worry
I got some tats
he's strong too strong
mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm
II me me me me me me me me me me me me
me me me me baby stop stop please I
didn't do anything I don't know anything
please he's telling the truth no human
on earth has ever defeated than me me me
me me what the hell is wrong with your
life that's not it
hello Justin I got idea move
mr. Cobra yes who do you recognize this
bloody cow Oh 35 that's my wife
yes that is your wife and cabron do you
recognize this but this is my favorite
bag this is your favorite one yes I
really like its back you know yeah you
know I like the colour the colour is no
don't do this
tell me they're ugly bees or I'll set
this cookie on fire I don't know it's
only one way to make sure no no no I'll
get you a new wife okay camera I just
visited your wife in intensive care
I'm not going to lie the doctor said she
could die at any moment I'm so sorry I'm
really really really well not that
really but little bit sorry she kept
screaming in agony of to you she just
wanted to see you just just one time I
want to see come around one more time
this is what she was telling everybody
bloody hell she brought you love in him
she just wants to see you one more time
come but over see I softly explained to
her that this cannot be because you need
to work in the bubble gum yes bank
holiday still working we need you well
we don't really need him but you know
sometimes when he's not busy it's nice
to have company
you know nice but I did it look she gave
me a letter she said that there are
things in this letter that you need to
know and that it is probably the most
important thing she will ever tell you
something to give you this letter
I want you to read it and wait one-sided
oh no I think I lost it no I think I
lost two sorry anyway guys we know we
have one common enemy of the bubble wrap
and I also thinks he is the one who
kidnapped as a mark so obviously we had
to do with a logical boss call the
police yeah you got official wraps it
back down cause I'm not good call the
police huh no I hired an unlicensed
bodyguard yes to protect us to save us
from the eels of the the evil people
sorry I Spit on you lot sorry but he is
the one the only the killer Pete oh
don't cry it's going to be okay
er the friendly people on we can hug
come on ah he's just a little bit shy
yeah he can't protect us what get your
ass down before drop you like Madonna
and he has a name
I'm here to protect Oh dog asses you get
oh he don't like to talk about it I
think that is yes and technically your
wife's dying so you're single now so
maybe the Naggar do it Allah Allah like
I'll pay you my motion gotta be Martin
Dooley my man got burn he didn't take
your care right now and now in the
hospital and I'm gonna live to a can man
who the hell can man y'all some crazy
people I'm out of here
I think that's yours
that means you're gay - and Green is not
your color
mother baby tell me what are you wearing
huh makeup
oh okay you wear that quite a lot huh oh
I'm gonna come
it's collars collars coming my hello and
welcome to the hello hello
hmm aha Jill mr. bubble gum hang on are
you the guy that I spoke to on the phone
I am what do they call you they call me
hello shadow shadow oh Sh a deal the W
said no yeah fantastic
they say you're the main guy on the
street I am I've been in prison for 25
years
how old are you 21 ah I understand how
that works so what can you get me wants
anything
paracetamol yes coke redbull cheerios
harrybo weet-bix cornflakes Niklas what
color niggas think I need those this is
the thing let me tell you what's going
down in the house I need to find it no
way he's like a son to me his name his
name come on what is it the guy's name
who's working her house but this means
Oscar come to me how does it work anyone
makes a choice
listen I'm going to be honest with you
the guy we're dealing with is a very
dangerous dangerous really how come yes
well not really
if you spell it correctly so why should
I trust you
seriously why should I trust you because
hello
I usually okay do the spit in that way
oops I did it again I played with your
heart got lost in the rain oh baby baby
oops I did the shadow okay I trust you
now but you can't talk anymore right now
because as you can see extremely busy
too busy but don't worry we're a
cooperator food yeah there's nothing
that that's the whole point
shadow but for myself call me I can't
aasif tight you know I got beautiful
what are you doing in my house
I was shaving my armpits
shall I leave no you look delicious
let me just sit down oh she's out of
there she's asleep sit oh okay oh oh
this is my seat was here you know you
look like a chocolate fudge cake that's
been in the microwave for 25 seconds
thirty agreed what do I owe this
pleasure you suck see hot Ethiopian
ballerina hmm
the names name Twinkle Twinkle what the
I love that name name I'm a private
detective
do you take my erection oh this is
strictly business and I don't swing that
way neither do I I spent nine years in
prison I was a cleaner one day I
stumbled into the kitchen I saw some
broccoli on the table round green jizzy
but something was wrong it's not like
chicken upon my inspection I found out
that this was a disguise chicken just
his broccoli it become an epidemic
worldwide and I was the first to find it
from then on I was able to spot any food
acting like another oh that's right
Lamech - like G apples acting like
carrots you know what they said to me
what did I say you should be a detective
and so I did detective name I'll be
honest with you like that aggressive
like a chimpanzee and a tree that has no
lease but I'll be honest with you I
didn't hear anything you said I was too
busy concentrating on your Kit Kat
chunky bouncy castle for two lips I'll
cut to the chase
well I'm looking for a man not like that
I'm looking for a man named azmuth he
went missing and I have reason to
believe that the owner of your
corporation fucks e-news and knows where
he is
the million pound psychopath Timothy I
believe his name is you're gonna help me
find it but I can't help you either you
participate you know professional bum
massage inside that Jacuzzi in the dark
well
you can leave I need to find this man
and I'm not leaving until you tell me
where different hey you just same on my
Tyrion pigeon this guy is dangerous you
think that kidnapping and every package
that you made see nothing yet this is
just the beginning he looks like perfect
million and will go to any lengths to
win so I'm warning you if you step one
closer to him you have officially
entered hell
hello shadow
you forgot your after this great it's
time for war subscribe to this channel
nortis color reminds me what domestic
violence
