let me get straight to the point yeah
and I know you're thinking why does
Hamazon look worse than Susan Boyles bum
hole
it's quite simple basically I've got
food poisoning and please guys don't
don't ask me that that same dumb
question all my friends asked oh my god
Hansel how did you get food poisoning
from the food in it hold on are you so
dumb I'm gonna be honest with you I feel
like crap ruff but you know what I don't
want to let down the fence so I'll do
something that's quite easy for me to do
by the same time something very special
so today I decided to do the first-ever
Batman's world Q&A all the people that
follow me on Twitter Instagram who like
my Facebook fan page I told all of these
guys to comment a question down below
with the hashtag afterwards Batman's war
so let's see if your question popped up
let's go follow enchanter hikes the only
wonder when physically what happened was
after I finished drama school I thought
to myself okay if I go an audition for
certain parts because I'm Pakistani and
because I'm Muslim I'm only gonna get
those stereotypical roles that I don't
want to do you know those ones on the
plane going nobody move
I'm going to pump underneath the t-shirt
I also have high cholestoral this is
serious issue we are facing so because I
didn't want to do those big holes
I thought the he'll do something that
you know can allow me to be a bit more
creative then I found out about YouTube
and then bangles humzaproductions make
sure you subscribe and follow agenda
hype the only good one of agenda hide
oh I love you too obviously 9a PETA
Finnick way because obviously you're
probably like whoa I mean that kind of
that different nerve in it a lot of
people know I was supposed to do my pool
in December and then something really
bad happened to me like I wanna talk
about but basically my health it was in
a bad state
so my team pulled me out even though I
didn't want to but they promised me in
the next few weeks we are going to
announce the new pool dates and I'm
gonna give you a hint I think it may be
end of January beginning of February I'm
not sure that may be a lie but any next
year so you look better make sure you
come and I'll see all you soon and we'll
Hagen what but you probably won't hug
but you know I'll get to see you though
safe and follow agenda hide the only got
one of agenda my own compartment well
obviously I live in England I was born
in England I've stayed in England all my
life I've grown up watching English
football so obviously I'm gonna support
Brazil am i joking I support England
yeah pressure on my white neighbors they
always have their life you know flags
like everywhere not on the car on the
window laughs on their wife's face like
they put those flags everywhere so every
time they come up to me they're like
thumbs up pussy boy sorry for the
tremendous spit I'm just like spoke
English famous supporting one of
Enchantix the only college that's a
stoppage question yeah give you my dual
number as well I live me Craven ends in
it that's that's the most you're gonna
get for me
I don't want suddenly it will send me
your kid house on my doorstep holding a
box of flowers and stuff
That's not me from and the only fucking
follow enchanter - fundament the most
famous person I have met is myself you
know in your lap populace in the ball
from you
and you just see your reflection now I'm
joking basically Kevin off and when you
get to speak to him because this is one
guy that ruined everything
I'm not gonna mention any names dynamo
you know what there's a beef thing but
I'm gonna go into it right now I'm just
gonna talk about it maybe in my pool all
I'm saying is you know dynamo if I see
you on road man who Jack your quads sand
follow agenda - follow agenda - what all
I'm saying is being invisible and deals
changing rooms I'm gonna let you work it
out yourself
and I have you only got one of agenda
hide the only come to one of agenda -
come on probably dead honey on the nose
our future so I can't really predict but
as long as I'm happy and hopefully
inch'allah I'm doing the same things
that I'm doing now which I love and is
comedy and the only one of agenda I only
got one of agenda - yeah I I guess so
yeah you chose a cool nice turtles I'm
following janda hype the only con pollo
agenda - following everyone asked me
this no I dunno I don't have a wife do
you understand how odd it is for me as
an Asian to get married imagine me means
in lose so better tell me about yourself
what do you do your carrot I do YouTube
videos on YouTube huh mama you know what
you hunt even say mashallah ma ma ma ma
ma ma ma ma ma ma
nice one of Anjana hide the only got one
of Anjana hide on compartiment to make
money
now I'm jerky look you know as a
comedian and you know as a person I just
like to make people laugh and obviously
you know one of the reasons why I do
what I do is because you know I want to
be you know a legend in the game one day
you know some people turn around and say
well you already are a legend you know
with the day of a bad man I don't know
you're probably right but there's so
much more I need to do and that's why I
do these YouTube videos and I had one
jong-kook one of it at this moment of
time rice following Chanda hide the only
cook following the no one like board
checking the questions before they can
follow it Chanda hide the only one of
agenda - it's quite funny because like
JP aka Dexter like that he messaged Mila
I think I think often like the second
eye of a bad man and it was just like
arms or I think it really good oh I
really like you I like you already
I didn't stop no just that shut up bad
big big again stuff have on the level I
reply cuz like he's a pool game and I
think we met at a music video and we
became friends and he was actually nice
genuine guy
and when I start a day with Batman it
was such a big success I was just like
look you need to be a part of this
because not only will it help you by the
same time he was just such a talented
guy and Adrien Galia actually knew like
what are my cousin's my closest cousin
and we bumped into each other we started
to talk I know you've got isn't Joker
mana me became such a good friend of
mine and he's hoped so much you know
behind the scenes all the nitty-gritty
work he's been a great friend yeah man
they're not just friends then they're my
brothers
you get me follow it follow it
none following Jana - follow his chanda
hi Wendy manifold is gonna go on for
quite a while and at the same time I
really want to do one more special
episode of black and brown and bare
people have been asking me about
bubblegum and yes it I am working on
bubblegum I just want it to be bigger
and better because I think the response
that I had with bubblegum was was
brilliant and hopefully in the next
couple of weeks I will disclose the next
bubblegum follow agenda item on our
agenda - following yes and I'm following
Jana hide the only con following you
obviously follow me on instagram so why
don't you just check my pictures I have
pictures with my hair out I don't
understand obsession with my hair and I
only fucked one
I wanna jam the height on condiments
my biggest motivation is definitely you
know you know hot girls messaging me on
instagram DM and they tell me how funny
I am and I agree
now I'm joking okay like my biggest
motivation is definitely you guys and
I'm not just trying to you know when you
over anything I'm gonna try be cheesy or
anything like I'm not I have a person
I'm just saying
one of us Chanda I only got one of it
no I'm not a relationship thank you for
reminding me that I'm single only
relationship I have is is with YouTube
that sounds so sad when I say out loud
wallow in Chanda I don't wanna agenda
hype ederoar best moments I think when I
was on BBC black-on-black primetime news
and they're doing a story about my
success and you know have so big and
stuff and I was watching with my parents
and I know for me that was that was a
big thing you know us young people all
we want is that kind of appreciation and
that kind of like you know
acknowledgment from our parents that you
know what you're doing good I think I
got it when they saw that because they
were proud also when diarrhea Batman was
like in the top 10 of the whole of
YouTube and I think those 2011 that was
the biggest thing ever and definitely I
think the tours because you know when
the fans actually come out and see you
and support you and you can actually see
the people that you're doing all of this
for that's that's probably the best
feeling ever
following Chanda I only got one with
Janet I don't want to injure okay one
thing that I like about myself and
really good-looking
sometimes I so far myself because I'm so
good-looking and I don't like the fact
that I'm lazy but sometimes you know I
can be really lazy and I'm you only
follow agenda the only campano agenda -
oh yes I am
I want a great way for a plugin have a
CD I used to do the merchandise and
everyone saying wait and I get the
merchandise just hang on to January and
I'm coming up with a new clothing line
and it's gonna be sick and I hope you
buy it because I I need the money man
what about Lamborghini man's like so I
need your money for that and
and you only want one of agenda I only
got one of agenda highs only one with
most of Shahrukh Khan's movies but like
two in particular is probably didn't
wanna do nearly one year and what you
could report ahead bands to the plan no
follow Anjana - follow agenda - follow
with yeah I've had a few strange
presence in my prime but once I was with
his fan year we're taking pictures and I
just turn around and I just you know I
was just guessing his life up I just
said brother whoa nice jacket and then
he turned around and he was like you can
have it
you must have flawlessly hey grab the
man gave me this jacket but only a
twisted I took that jacket mother that
is free in it right I took that pink rug
I was even gonna say Lyla your shoes
were you know anyway I'm done I'm sorry
about the lighting this war lab just so
it will just allow me for today when she
enjoyed myself I'm definitely gonna do
this again and guys if your question
wasn't picked this time I'm telling you
now we're gonna probably do this again
soon so make sure you follow me on
twitter follow me on instagram and like
my Facebook fan page where you confront
of me and also like this video and most
importantly make sure you subscribe to
this channel I'm so ill I don't care
loss Energy's good now forget this bro
ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma nice
