let me get straight to the point yet
welcome to my new show it's out every
Monday at 6 p.m. and trust me it is say
it so bad my food is like it's like
diving Obama in there no bad man I was
sitting down making jokes but this sign
wait for it wait for it I'm standing up
create an ability that I have from even
the President of the United States of
America just build man's head
come on spit on Chalmers I'm so sick I
could take a shit while standing up and
you can't do that I can do that trust me
I'm gonna like it was obviously like you
know the cleaning author which is a bit
long but my number of now on the level
five times more is gonna be every week
we're gonna talk about different things
you know different situations different
topics and more importantly at the end
of each episode you're gonna learn
something new so obviously mine's gonna
be this YouTube thing but obviously why
need in return is for you look to
subscribe and you don't even need to pay
anything you just press that stupid red
button and bang that's what I want that
minting folks so anyway let's begin
either white black this is the e table 1
hmm 3 you know some people just get
wrongly to the full front line so as you
know it's bakra Eid that's great news
well not for the back row you know
poppers be like allow it bro
but Ramadan is a different story
altogether Brown from Adonis Oh hard
it's harder than the cracks on my
aunty's dry fool talk more hang on maybe
I should make a video about Ramadan Rand
might even call it granite on Ramadan is
that one time where all your white
friends would always ask you the same
dumb question not even allowed to drink
war and boys how many know is that
Ramadan
only time when you see your local drug
dealer wearing or topi yo fill out my
sins will be washed away with this top
you fella
what it's quite funny here cuz the other
day I was in Harrods don't thinkin bout
you are lying no packet goes to Harrods
trust me I just went there for the
bank's that's what I do I just go there
also some banks that have its bags and
you know when you walk out with all
those Harrods back I like you know bein
rich fuck you're the only one who knows
that there's nothing ready in it and
I'll go like - you know those that
supports direct and you know this cheap
ones that no one's heard overnight not
even JD JD's makes medicine
no I'm foot world nah I don't think no
one's heard of football the worst thing
is the only so fond of it
next I don't even know where the foot
came into it don't make sense and I bump
into my man I was ever up why are you
here and he's like in shopping selling
Baba's Gucci chopping when they haven't
even kept a fast like I don't even make
sense
climbing your life son brothers don't
even fast but they come to authority
dinners I just see them with the date
just money there's a time guys
Brent you know fasting you could eat
that now calm your life and saying
brothers do fast but they miss Siri are
you gonna miss Siri well that's the
early man haha wake up at that time so
you can stay up to watch WrestleMania
and watch two fully grown men catch each
other up in a ring but you can't stay up
to pray for a new city yeah yeah that's
no no wait I don't get pissed abuse
lassie your tactics two guys have you
ever been around girls yet
and they've been munching away and
you're like even forced him from like
she for some tiny job or you could like
see what our veins on our foreheads are
thinking Croatian are fasting today
y'all who always turn around and say the
same thing
I got girl issues okay I know that's
Theresa's that sir I'm so sorry
and if you're done but then you will
actually be munching the whole 40 days
problem what kind of period are you on
no period loss for 40 days fun part of
your life and some boys don't take that
seriously certain brothers with you
drama on a Saturday cuz Fran is too
packed great idea blue obviously you
need to try to pray five times a day and
then you walk the reveal which is like
17 hours long so most of the day you'll
stop doing the pee kissed and I mean
pikas position ever this one I don't
know about you but that hurts man I'm
not even flexible enough to stand I
don't do that you know off the apricots
throw up so like this I'm a good judge
of character so I can talk about your
bed how many rakaats you're gonna do a
20 oz bid and this is the apricot fair
and this is my husband's probably
cheating on me bed and the one thing
that you always learn the Ramadan do not
bring your slippers to the Masjid
they're gonna exact by some fifty year
old man with no kids unless you do this
but you know Madan they say that she
thought he gets locked away like he
disappears but all your local sandal
burglars do come on over Don calm your
life hello please come on Susie calm
down sir are you hurt emotionally yes
okay describe what happened sir someone
stole my bloody Sanders things are
bloody special fun girls you know like
dunno give this to me that the actual
king of Australia faction King on the
street I'll give this to me
the king of Australia maybe staying it
isn't Hannah King ok the no one person
really is not King but it's from
Australia how long till backup you
better bring your guns
none of this bullcrap CS French it Chevy
can really do anything let me tell you
the one thing I'm going to fight and
then I do I'm going to kill him and I'm
going to kill his family and if he got
children I will also kill these people
too
and there is no one that can stop me you
do realize that you're speaking to the
place Oh so how is possible for you guys
is to Bob but this is only the third day
oh yeah one
any morphine awesome song oh yeah no
basically you know when my god it's been
training on it you know me you know the
one the W speak to for them is wake up
and eat common robbers such a mess
amount we should fake a lot of what we
got and appreciate what we have
I seriously what we're talking about
about anything something yet I'm taking
things seriously that I'm linking with
your little obviously and I hold up my
job knowing now keep it at on the beams
up properly
we beat my neck up huh hey my Rick we're
even next to the war in the new bro I'm
too sexy for my shirt too sexy for my
shirt so sexy in powers are almost
you've really succeeded but seriously
guys do you think that Shahrukh Khan is
fasting right now hey bunny
you think this is a joke you're not
serious bro I am serious I'm doing a
Ramadan special 50% of weed oh my god
can you do that role you just go forth
come on roll stop forever
not deep seriously boys we've come
across such a great blessed month the
month of Ramadan the month where we can
bear ourself as humans as individuals
this is our chance become more sincere
more humble have more gradual in life we
need to understand that last two shoe so
we need to grab every opportunity we get
because think about are we going to be
electrons on so let's make the most of
this opportunity
inshallah inshallah
inshallah but my point is why do we do
it why do they force you lose me I'm not
that evil no not that I went up to
someone and I asked the same question
why do you force what does it mean to
you well it's the month that I pray to
God and I spend time with family and I
try to stay away from sin should we do
that all the time like we should always
make intentions to pray we should always
make intentions to spend as much time as
we can with our loved ones and we should
always try to make intentions to stay
away from sin now look I'm not one to
judge definitely not me when you go into
the dictionary and you look at waste map
you will see my picture in it but maybe
we could all look at ourselves and make
this there's no point you spending one
whole entire month in the Masjid
repenting to God and I don't eat there
you're in a club dancing with the white
here with a good football on your hands
saying no for dinner so my message to
myself and everyone is just look Ramadan
is a very spiritual experience and even
though you want to be the best it can be
for oh my god
don't forget the other 11 months don't
forget to press the like button
subscribe to my channel and spread this
ping maybe also follow me on Instagram
and Twitter and like my Facebook fan
page nor don't hit
great idea bro
