in a remote corner of the Democratic
Republic of Congo armed militias of
burning villages scores of people have
been killed and over 100,000 have been
displaced it's often hard to tell what's
going on in distant parts of the world
but by using satellite data we can
monitor this conflict in almost
real-time and detect flare-ups that may
indicate violence is starting to spread
what we're seeing doesn't look good this
was the scene in western Uganda in
February waves of refugees fleeing
violence in the DRC and crossing Lake
Albert at the height between five and a
half and six thousand people coming
across today Andrew Harper was on the
shore they grabbed everything that they
owned which is basically nothing and
they brought it with them on the boat
all these very clear signs were
indicative that whole areas had been
basically cleanse the refugees said that
armed men had burned houses forcing
entire villages to flee across the lake
most to the town of Cebu Goro many came
from here in a Cheree province but the
scale of the violence was unclear so we
analysed aerial data NASA satellites
captured the locations of active fires
every day and many were burning on the
days that people fled now most were
probably forest fires not acts of
violence so we used OpenStreetMap data
to pinpoint populated areas and obtained
new high-resolution satellite pictures
of those villages they tell a clear
story here's one village photographed
before the violence began and the same
village on February 17th
nearly every structure is burned this
pattern emerged in village after village
all along the lakeshore humanitarian
groups estimate that more than 2,000
homes have been destroyed
now while satellite data
gives us a clearer picture of the unrest
it Charice history helps us understand
why the violence has suddenly erupted at
this time in the early 2000s two
communities the hammer and the land uu
were involved in a bloody conflict more
than fifty thousand people were killed
before peace was restored why this
currently is happening now is fairly
suspicious these communities were
reconciling relationships had improved
Stern says that this time it's not
ethnic tensions but political
motivations that are most likely driving
the conflict the country has been in a
period of political turmoil as President
Joseph Kabila fights for his political
survival it is one of unfortunately many
many different often interlocking
conflicts more recently the violence and
ature II has spread inland the situation
has escalated with the figures of
displacement basically doubling in the
week our reporting suggests that after
the lakeshore villagers fled the
violence built over this mountain ridge
driving people westward many toward the
town of Banja up to 100,000 people are
displaced in the e2v province it's
probably not a very good standard so
while it's unclear what stoking this
violence it's troubling how suddenly it
flared and for the many displaced who
knows when or even if they'll be able to
return home
