this week's movies the way way back
Despicable Me 2 and The Lone Ranger
directed by gore verbinski and starring
Johnny Depp as Tonto the Lone Ranger is
a revisionist take on the old class of
Justice is what I seek Kemosabe in his
review AO scott rides the film can't
quite pull off the daredevil feats it
has assigned itself this is an ambitious
movie disguised as a popcorn throw away
and then trying to balance grandiosity
with playfulness it descends into
nerve-wracking incoherence who has that
masked man is the less relevant question
then what on earth were you thinking
hi Despicable Me 2 is the animated 3d
action adventure sequel to the 2010 film
Despicable Me his review Stephen Holden
writes in its frantic Looney Tunes style
madness the film brings to mind a
cautionary children's story about an
aspiring Baker learns the hard way the
doubling the recipe for bread doesn't
mean doubling the baking time once again
lesson that more is not necessarily
better something rarely learned by
blockbuster sequels is forgotten who is
this and all his awkward sticks Glory's
my son Duncan everybody wins hand
written and directed by nat faxon and
jim rash the way way back is a
comedy-drama coming of age story in his
review AO scott reitz the movie's title
seems to refer to the rear facing third
seat of the massive station wagon but it
also describes a hazy bittersweet mood
of recollection that hovers around the
action like July humidity return to your
lady friend junkie please return to your
lady friend please let her know that
this conversation was entirely about her
the film under plays both comic moments
and emotional explosions and while this
restraint makes the way way back
pleasantly watchable it also makes it
feel small and anecdotal a modest
variation on something you've seen
before you gotta go your own way and you
my friend go in your own way the way way
back has the charm of timelessness but
also more than a touch of Triton's got a
hell of a kid here
