hi I'm Zack Snyder I'm the director of
Man of Steel the scene you're about to
see is a battle between Faora who's the
sort of sidekick of Zod and Superman of
course the Kryptonians have come to
earth looking for something and they
threatened Superman's mother so he got
he's really angry and so he has you know
he's intervening and while these eight
ends come to blast the Kryptonians
so that's Faora and she jumping through
a fireball two killed a second a ten
pilot when Superman intersects her we
shot that a-10 cockpit and at Edwards
Air Force Base in a really ten cockpit
and the rest of it on green screen the
gentleman there is Pete Ross we see him
in the movie as a child and then he's
kind of a childhood friend of Superman
and now we're seeing him here and he's
kind of getting in a glimpse of Superman
has an adult we shot this some interior
of the IHOP on a stage at Vancouver and
the exterior course in Illinois where we
were shooting Smallville this was cool
because we always said fiora was a
warrior and Superman just had really
never fought before so that's why she's
kind of getting the better of him right
away
getting here but after she throws him
into this safe door which was one of the
most would really one of the earliest
images I had of Superman that I had
drawn this image of him crashed into a
safe door how he said that he would fly
to a town the only thing that was
thought would be a safe door so I did a
big drawing of it and it appeared
exactly as I as I brought it here and I
really really liked the shop
