such tune though can we just discuss so
hey guys so it's been a while since it's
been you and me and me and you just
sitting in my bedroom actually I don't
think you've seen this bedroom
I moved the game like same stuff just
different environment for this week's
video I was in LA a few weeks ago and I
went to Disneyland I'm now performing on
Twitter and Instagram and all that stuff
you'll know that I had been to
Disneyland once before but I was very
hungover and this happened so I decided
to go again and I actually went for two
days so the videos you're about to see
if I change outfits it's because it was
number two days I mean you all know I
can't eat it in order so you're just
gonna have to deal with me chopping and
changing you know well the computer
thing just like spaced out I saw it the
other day and there anything weird
happens on my clown clear the perimeter
so yeah as a youtuber I of course took
my camera along and by camera I mean
phone and um I found some stuff and I
thought it would be funny for you to see
it because most of the time it's me just
screaming so the first place we go to is
Radiator Springs which I'm like how do I
say this like I'm just the biggest fan
of cars I'm obsessed with them and I
just like talking cars how could you not
so the first one we went on in the
consulate was took tow mater
it was just like Maeda and you basically
were in this little cart at the back and
you swung around and the lady was like
oh you'll fit three whenever an ounce
head - so the three of us jumped in and
three people don't fit okay but the
three of us squeezed in this little tiny
cot which in my opinion should have when
he had two people in it but
what do I know and basically this is
what I I caught on camera so yeah
so that I did enjoy it I think and then
huh I can't remember this is the first
day or the second day but I meet
Lightning McQueen we're about to meet
Lightning McQueen I'm only the oldest
one in the line but it's fine so this is
made with Lightning McQueen and why do I
literally look like a child I look like
a little baby and then I see an actual
little baby that's literally dressed
like me with Lightning McQueen and I was
like huh I'm a giant baby it'll make
sense now you know and then we got lunch
at this like fancy Italian place and um
I saw this word that um that just
reminded me that I was 20 in LA and I
couldn't have a nice glass of wine and I
had a bit of a moment
and then ha oh it gives me the
heebie-jeebies just thinking about it
anyway wait on the giant like Ferris
wheel thing and um yeah it's pretty high
so you could go on moving one so when
you go off but like moves as you're
going around instead Connor I was like
I'm so this is this is basically me on
the ferris wheel
look at that that is absolutely
terrified I'm like shaking I can't move
my arms further away from my body and
then we went back to Kars late at night
time because apparently it got really
lit up so I thought that was really cool
because I felt like I was really in the
movie just walking around oh so this
must have been the first time that I
meet Lightning McQueen I saw him at
night and then the next day I saw him
during the day but at night the first
time he just drove past and okay can we
just listen to this video that I caught
can we listen to the sounds that I'm
making guys it's like me like me
am i okay I don't really like
celebrities and famous people when
things like that like I don't really it
doesn't I don't really care about it
but when I saw Lightning McQueen you
know I got it
lightning McQueen is like like my
Beyonce you know and then we went on the
cars right at night so I did go on it
the first day during the day but I don't
want to feel me I just wanted to enjoy
it so I did that and then I went back
and actually film into the night one
because I really wanted to get it on
camera but I also wanted to do it
in real life you know that's important
to get a few foreign kids oh my god
we're on this right and basically it's
two cars next to each other
racing for the Piston Cup you know the
track bit like McQueen goes on kyurem
the name of it but he blows how to drift
on it well I raced on it yeah I did so
we get on the ride and it involved more
screaming but I loved it so much
in this solo this is my favorite ride
the Piston Cup is out
I just wanted to keep going on it but
the line was too long so I had to give
other people attend but um I won the
race I did and uh I just really want to
go back on it because I honestly felt
like such a kid and oh my gosh I
actually bought a shirt and you know how
they take photos of you once you're off
the ride well this was this was my photo
I look like a child just having the best
time of her life and then of course
because it was nighttime we had to go
see all the lights and the fireworks and
things like that so believe it and it
was just super cool and I had the best
time but I hope you enjoyed this week's
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe and I don't know how
youtubers do this every week it's really
embarrassing thank you very much for
always watching my videos you guys were
really cool I know I suck and I'm trying
to get better but I'm also trying to
focus on really important things to
polish instead of just talking about but
but um yeah so uh ah turns off the wrong
side of the bed is the right side get
her the bed of a left and I smile why
because I know I'm gonna make this big
it's the best of both worlds I can
changed my wig get it time to show what
we each do Kosta come over stomp what we
need to screw logic let's get crazy we
is the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame a kiss I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay just be an idiot wrap in
a cruelest ruin like it almost like
