uh-huh so last week I discovered three
years ago I missed out and voting in my
very first election what an idiot but
I'm not alone last time two hundred and
fifty thousand young people didn't vote
either and at least we do something
about it it's going to happen again next
month that's right there's an election
next month in case you don't know so I
thought I talked to a bunch of people my
age and figure out what stops us from
having our thing so have you ever been
interested in politics No why not never
fails me I've just never had an interest
in it I don't watch the news or I know
that sounds bad but yeah I just don't
know enough about it to be interested to
be honest we don't watch the news we
don't read newspapers we don't check the
news online it's not our immediate thing
to check in the morning so we just we
don't know what's going on I've kind of
had a bit of an upbringing where we sit
down and watch the news ever family but
I never really paid attention when the
politics part came on Pele declared in a
she understand it you guys worried that
you don't know enough about the
government that was rubbing your country
and yeah kind of because we don't really
know what's going on don't really know
what's happening up in Parliament so
like anything could be going on and I
just for that I don't even know so
that's kind of concerning I actually
don't to learn a bit about it now these
are the questions do you think politics
actually has an effect on any of your
life that's the thing I don't even think
about it some just like don't even care
but it probably is affecting it quite
large efficient politics has an effect
on everything in your life including
House Education the price of gas the
road you drive on maybe we should pay
attention I think I should pay more
attention another here but I think it
creates a bigger impact than what we
actually think so what do you guys know
about voting yeah SNC peacefully and use
the option two or three I can feel the
14 year olds roasting me right now go
ahead and agree
three three years and you get the option
to vote and lots of people didn't in the
last election you have to enroll
obviously you guys are wrong to vote or
do you even know no I don't know how I'm
enrolled but I got a litter we should
master citizen Noah definitely yeah now
after talking about it with you so many
you start Vokes can't be bothered yet
with so much of the population so kind
of just since she says if we didn't and
like sitting down with you for about 20
minutes I've learnt more about it than I
would have watching the news or
something like that because that just
doesn't engage me if we did have more
knowledge about it then of course more
people would be more inclined to vote
yeah I thought that my vote just
wouldn't have an impact so never really
thought about the consequences of just
me not voting are you guys all going to
enroll should we do it now
yeah why not so just like that I think
sure you're going to be enrolled and
we're going to go to give it involved
and make sure our voices are heard yeah
is it going to be the biggest party New
Zealand's ever seen well no but that's
not the point it's about having a say in
the future of the country this country
you know New Zealand so do it go here do
it you're like please do it you just do
it
