hi so I have a little bit of a
confession to make I was getting quite
excited about bowing in my first
election that's coming up next month and
I was thinking about getting enrolled
and stuff and then a friend said to me
weren't you eating last election
shouldn't you have voted maybe hold him
and I was like no surely not and then I
did the mess and sure enough I was 18
last election and I didn't vote and I
don't remember why I didn't vote I don't
even remember the election but I know
one person that might have the answers
to this this is my mum so I didn't know
that well I asked you several times were
you going to fight I don't remember them
no and then you said to me that you
didn't understand it
I saw all rather than give you my point
of view I suggest if you talk to you in
an abundance of information and you see
on a Harry Potter's internet not bother
oh that makes me look so bad so I'm
thinking about voting this time what do
you reckon oh okay I'm going to go now
thank you
so that's me an idiot with my hair and
makeup honestly I just didn't vote but
I'm not alone though did you know that
last election a quarter of a million
people under the age of 25 didn't vote
when they could have I'm not the only
idiot and the scary thing is that if you
don't vote in your first election
research shows you probably won't ever
again ever but it's not going to happen
while I'm in charge I'm going to enroll
right now if you're a king do it do it
with me this is like one of those makeup
tutorials but instead of learning about
makeup I'm teaching you how to have a
say in the future of your country I'm a
genius
are you ready step one go - I vote in
big dog done in Z let's go
if you if you think you might already be
enrolled you can check here if not click
and roll now the easiest thing to do is
fill out your name and address and then
they'll send you out an enrollment form
my agree I'm not a robot yes Lou you're
all wondering oh my god it's a test then
I pop Kevin I'm freaking up I pass the
robot test
now this is the most important part make
sure you fill out the forms and send
them back
don't be eighteen year old Jamie she's a
disappointment and if you have friends
who may have not voted you can see me
repair - it's like Christmas it'll be
worth it trust me because in a few weeks
all of us you me your friends we're all
going to do something pretty cool so
we're going to choose a date and we're
all going to vote at the same time and
we're going to see what happens when
tens of thousands of first-time voters
come together and make their voice heard
because it's not just one vote it's all
of us comment down below if you did do
it and maybe I'll reply to your comment
do it now I shouldn't sing that do it
now do it do it do it do it
