hi guys so I'm here and in charge Rica
just kidding
I'm in my room but while I was down
there I got to learn about the work that
my mates in New Zealand are supporting
to help understand climate change which
thanks to my trip I realize is hugely
important I met Gary to explain how a
New Zealand is supporting really crucial
work to help us understand what's going
on in sorry that's the New Zealand
Antarctic Research Institute we partner
with Air New Zealand so they're helping
fund some of the research and the
researchers climate change based so it's
part of their sustainability program or
any Zealand products and money into is
helping us find marine species in
particular but also terrestrial species
and Encarna coastal processes that might
be starting to pick up that climate
change the NE Zealand Suns are helping
us identify what to look at you know
these some species in the coastal zone
things that are actually living below
the sea ice here and it's warm down
there it's nice down there that's where
all of Antarctica's life really is and
so that's the place to look we're about
to climb into the ocean
I'm hang on would be a bit nervous but
I'm more nervous and I thought it was
going to be after seeing after actually
seeing it I am really really nervous
I don't think I was claustrophobic but
they want to shut the lid on me he's
putting a lid play on okay go go all the
way and then I'll yell out if I don't
like it
oh my gosh
so climbing down the hall was literally
the scariest thing of my life but
sometimes you're going to do tough
things in the name of science going to
Antarctica was a once-in-a-lifetime trip
for me and being there I could see just
how fragile the ecosystem is and how it
makes a huge impact across the globe
which is why the sort of work main
tactic scientist Mike Craig does is so
important Air New Zealand has sponsored
a grant and it's actually a really
interdisciplinary group in unis all
different types of scientists involved
in a spoke marine aquatic terrestrial
are all working together the cool thing
is any villain is doing stuff to tackle
climate change back at home to like
change any planes would be more
efficient usually few and they're
investigating biofuels too which is
pretty onto it so with your help these
guys can keep having an amazing frozen
home in the Antarctic for many years to
come so keep watching the rest of the
series
I'm so excited for you guys to see the
rest of my journey and in toxic
