oh no I just dropped it in the sink now
it's wet
ah well hi guys welcome to this week's
video where have I been
I've been in Los Angeles I was invited
to go to the Chilean bitches of Sabrina
wine I cross my arms I never cross my
house I was invited to go to the
chilling images of Sabrina Premier Inn
in LA so I flew out and it was pretty
sick and I've had this idea so I so I've
logged it and then I've had this idea
because Sabrina's in high school and
she's studying and exams are coming up
you guys are studying I thought I would
try and mix my blogging and going to
this premiere and giving you study tips
because I think it's really important to
mix education with fun and good delivery
because I feel like you take it in more
right so I'm gonna give you five tips on
how to study throughout this video so
you gonna watch the whole thing to get
all 5 hidden tips for your game show
yeah I'm taking my content to the next
level Laura sitting there by the way tip
number one put all distractions away put
your phone away laptop don't sit in
front of the TV no distractions anything
you know that can distract you put it
away I'm so bad at like sitting the I'll
be doing my thing I'm like yeah I'm
gonna roll my phone dings and then I'll
be on my phone
scrolling through memes for like an hour
excuse me anyway the primeira is really
cool they had a red carpet they had it
all the celebs I saw the celebs I was
amongst the celebs I was one of the
celebs even I fangirl over
Sabrina's little cat was there that was
really cool we got free popcorn when we
got in the door we had great seats to
like the big screen it was really cool
so I got all like dolled up for a little
premiere so I thought I'd show you a
little bit of like me getting ready this
is really why are there lines going
through this this is gonna be a problem
because that doesn't look good
how do i oh I just made it worse
did I do it why are there lines over
there okay I just got it can you see
that I'm not wearing any pants oh my god
you get it I can't read I'm gonna stop
in the middle of that to give you tip
number two is just do it I remember one
of my friends was like motivate me what
should I do
how should I study tell me tell me
something motivational and I said just
do it and you know what she did it don't
make excuses as soon as you're making
excuses stop because that's dumb
just do it can't be smelly in front of
all the celebrities what am I gonna
check on my face today always gonna
remember the prymatt we're gonna fit
your blue tea that's a good amount did
you see my boobs
oh my my ready all ready to go
the show was really really cool I was a
little bit scared but like good skid who
doesn't love a good scare there was like
this part where there's like this um
scarecrow kind of came alive instead of
chasing her and I was like Oh run
Sabrina oh it was just really good you
guys I can't wait for you guys to see it
cuz it's really really really really
really good
and cuz I was invited to the premiere
obviously have to wait for you guys to
catch up but you'll get there don't
worry I favorite part was sort of like
Sabrina obviously but just her character
basically just summons up she's turning
16 and when she turns 16 on her birthday
she has to sign her name you know here's
a sign herself away to the Dark Lord and
she has to golf to the switch school to
become a full witch but in doing that
she has to leave all of her friends
behind and everything that she knows and
everyone's telling gonna do this and do
that and this is what she should do and
this is what they want from her and
she's like you know what no hold on can
we slow down for sick I want to go to
the school of course I want to be a full
witch it's cool like it's what my
parents wanted at the same time I don't
want to leave my friends behind can I
decide what I want to do without all
these other pressures coming from the
outside which I thought was really cool
because I feel like this quite common
where people do what other people want
them to
just to please them and then end up kind
of miserable at the end because they
didn't do what they truly wanted to do
so I thought that was really really cool
tip number three is a study buddy thing
is really important to have a study
buddy because or study buddies it really
helps me in the way that I'm really bad
at motivating myself
but if I have people around me that I
like also studying and we're all trying
to motivate each other so if they seem
like slacking or not doing my work or
getting distracted they'll be like hey
don't do that
yeah Sabrina's a really really cool lady
like one of her friends get super
bullied and Sabrina kind of could get in
trouble by trying to help her friend but
she doesn't care because she's like I
want to have my friend so that was
really cool because that's so what
friends should do they should like you
know not obviously sacrifice themselves
for a friend but sometimes you gonna put
yourself on the line to help others and
I thought that was really really cool
and she gets bullied herself actually
there's these three witches from the
school that she might be going to that a
really nasty to be honest like if there
were three girls like that around me I
would be really scared and they believed
my house but she they are standing
around her like they curse her and she's
it was kind of scary I was scared for
her but she like honestly doesn't even
flinch she just rolled her eyes she
leaves cares I'm gonna life isn't mother
at all
tip number four is water please drink
water and eat healthy food but you put
into your body because your body and
then it all work 100% if it's good stuff
but if it's bad stuff it will only work
like 65% so I'm like so for me drinking
lots of fluids water guys water is
really important and broccoli it's like
when you're studying all you're gonna
need is water and broccoli that's it
sort of massive good so the next day
Netflix it's it up.this like she got
these stairs and they're just a bunch of
rooms that were inspired by the series
the first room was the high school my
favorite actually
I've got scale in every room but this
room had a cool twist so basically you
walked in and they were like we're gonna
film you walking down the hallway here's
the video of me walking down the hallway
basically they say walk down the hallway
and do your best like cool walk and then
pose at the end and look really cool
what they didn't tell me was that the
lockers were gonna open and well
basically give me the front of my life
so that was really embarrassing everyone
laughed and I looked like idiot but it
made a good video so it's okay the next
room I signed my life away to the Dark
Lord because why not you sold your soul
to the devil gene oh this was the
scariest room I was only in here for a
little bit so you walk into this room
and around all the walls are these
people and like red capes and they're
real people and they were moving and
then they would be still and then I'd be
worried they were gonna move and then
yeah I was really scared
I did yeah I'm really scared and in the
last room was this big table with these
I don't there are real people the lady
said they were mannequins vited and
believer I had trust issues at this
point everything keep jumping at me the
final final tip is tip number five and
it is reward yourself if I have like say
four hours of work to do I can't sit
down for four hours and focus and do my
best so if I separate it into say like
an hour at a time and after each of
those hours if I do the amount of work
that I set myself for the hour I'll
reward myself at the end of the hour so
it's like cool now is not that long and
then I'm gonna get to reward myself at
the end it's not so bad and then you
just do another hour you rolled yourself
again so yeah those are my five study
tips and my experience in Los Angeles
watching the chilling Adventures of
Sabrina going to the premiere with all
the slips
how's that for education and reasonable
content I think it's pretty good well I
hope you liked this week's video guys I
will see you next time I make a video
you happy studying
yeah you're doing okay so we're gonna do
the class ready three two what turns out
the wrong side of the bed is the right
side get at the bed or the left and I
smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna make
this big is the best of both world
changed my wig get it time to show where
we each do customer stomping we need to
screw logic lesson crazy is the new
normal of the world is Jamie's you can't
blame HSI can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun keeping it a replay to be an
idiot rap in a cruiser streaming like
freakin in almost like it's no
