it's ought not to be dramatic but I want
to die I'm not even kidding what is the
temperature to get hold on it is 31
degrees right now but uh what's up hey
Don said great and while the smoke this
video 2017 so but this week's video and
I know you guys get sold over and I'm
like this week's video cuz you like oh
you mean this month's video whoo
I get it I get it but for this week's
video I thought I'd take you to a music
festival I went to called rhythm and
vines it's in Ginsberg newzealand New
Zealand where I'm from kids been it's a
place in New Zealand
let's get that confusion out the way I
found a little little little Sullivan
little the lobster exciting this cool
little tepee and then we were on this
helicopter ride you guys know I'm sort
of terrible at vlogging so I'm just
going to play some music
and then just show clips of it because
otherwise it just ends up meeting like
oh yeah now Hey look now over here
handheld but anyway doesn't matter music
peaceful that's okay cool oh yeah the
man of a hundred Suns that is me now
preach out on the freeway sunset through
the trees now hand on the hip let's
don't lick the handle takes a solo so my
favorite pieces think you'll meet me
hey I see this kids walking to see
what's waiting see we swap my feelings
normal feelings but the colors bob has
no right me you never knows where the
moods right tools right like who's got
me rude on something you know shoes no
clue what I would write might say no
iPhones I play because I dare to say
just lazy fragrance all my feastin I'm
honor when I make up Big Brother regret
but I kill her when I wake up you like
guys with less hair claws and sick tag
as like oh my god got things on my shirt
cause I like to eat yogurt nine times
out of 10 October mom it's my lunch
never had a fight no money for a down
with the tombo right give me one night
give me your bike off shit I swear you
got me feelin like
cool baby whiskey I did that you smell
like lush in the bathtub come over for
my background on the tight dog with a
life run down the room I pull the brake
lipstick in and share with Pierre reason
why she faces on my sweet I know where
the robbed smell bitter cold snow but I
add a tiny bit of smoke couple times
until Ted came to hook with a fella but
I wanna for cookies you see skin I hope
you like yeah so I hope you like this
week's video I'm sorry for the amount of
hand uses I don't know why I'm still
doing them if you did enjoy it what I
did it again if you did enjoy it please
give it a thumbs up and make sure you
subscribe or whatever else you supposed
to do how to know I really know how to
use my own YouTube channel to toward the
music uh put the link down below shoes
goodbye tada I'm going to go still we're
going on four years and I still love not
hunting in these things so turns out the
wrong side of the head is the right
baguette of a bed of a lesson I smile
why she's a no I'm gonna make this big
is the best of both worlds I guess you
in my way get it coming so what we do
Kousaka but we probably need to through
logic like it crazy we is the new normal
of the world of Jeannie you can't blame
me cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun see but it'll replace be an
idiot reenact roots or even later
that made me do it frigging intimacy and
like it's no the people begin to keep
the
