sorry if I look a bit date on the
outside it's because I'm dude on the
inside and it's just showing a little
bit more today
just kidding ahead the windows open and
now I think I have a bit of a fever but
we'll go with the dead on the inside
thing I'm so hello I'm I feel like a
professor hmm it's that kind of day
today isn't it yes it is
but for this so for this week's suppose
so
what is this did you do karate while you
were away Jamie huh but for this week's
video I'm gonna do 50 facts about I just
spat everywhere 50 facts about me
because who doesn't want to know 50
random facts about some random check on
the Internet
I do I have done 100 facts about me once
before if you want to check that out
let's see if I remember to put the
hyperlink thing here to see that or link
in the description but the hundred facts
will kind of like what's your favorite
color favorite bad favorite song
favorite just like boring kind of I just
started my first day of school today
with some random facts kind of question
I'm puffing because I am talking so fast
it's so hot in here but I can't open the
windows because I'll start sneezing
question number one actually I'm
learning my glasses for this okay so I
apologize to my bosses in advance I
thought it would be a really cool idea
to get like glasses that make me look
like an idiot and then I realized that I
actually need to use them in front of
people like I swear to god there's no
glasses they're like just ones for like
80 year-old mean like even the lady
tried to talk me out of them even though
they were more expensive than the other
one she was like yeah but those are mins
glasses and I said I'll take them if I
could have one do-over what would it be
um I don't think I had any kind of I
need to redo this moment it's changed my
entire life full of worse actually I had
this scar here and I was standing behind
someone why they were hitting with a
tennis racket maybe I would redo that
and stand two steps to the right if I
could go anywhere in the world where
would I go I would probably go to Italy
I've never been to Italy
no idea what it's like but I thought
it's just like the classic like I want
to go to Italy
find a nice to tell you boy get married
do some rebellious things get a divorce
marry another handsome man then divorce
him and then and then
no that wasn't in my plan favorite color
so ever since I was little I've never
really had a favorite color actually
maybe when I was little I think was read
but other than that I've never had like
a favorite color but I really like the
color black but no one counts that as a
color ever like in school but I do like
black and white and they're like that
saw a real color and like everyone's
like oh that's so emo
I'm not emo but if you're Iman you're
like black thing cool but you can like
black and not be emo and I like the
color white but then I also like the
color brown but I wouldn't be like oh
yeah my favorite colors Brown I'll just
have everything I own in brown but it
looks good on things like mirrors and
you can't see it but there's a lamp
there what else is brown my cup hangers
anyway black white brown grey dark green
sometimes my favorite colors if I could
keep five things in my life what would
they be my friends my family my bead
because I really love my beard is that a
weird one I know my car so I could go
places with my friends and family in my
beard probably I had K so I had these
pants that I wear all the time and all
of my friends sing the ugly and they are
they're terrible they're the most
unflattering on just the terrible but I
loved him all my vans actually I swapped
their pants up for the vans
sorry pants let you but you you number
six so friends family car bed and shoes
but these shoes not just any shoes I
think I just pulled a muscle only what
did you make the most impact on me in
school there were two teachers actually
I mean there's been quite a few but it
was one um I don't know in my other to
say their names because I know that it
cuz of the kids that go to that school
watch these and if what if they go back
to the futures and go no Jamie see this
about you in the tea she goes hello she
was a loser but probably my religion
teacher mess is all about just some of
the things she'd say to me I was like
really you know I don't know I'm not
gonna repeat what she said to me but she
said some really good things that she
probably doesn't even know
she impacted me but they did a couple of
things that she'd say to me I was like
thanks girl do you believe in me other
my other teachers didn't believe in me
but I don't know I don't know if I won
the lottery what would I do if I won the
lottery I wouldn't tell anyone and I'd
put it straight into my savings and just
still continue to live a normal life
until like I got old enough that that
amount of money I could just live off
for the rest of my life and retire early
also like charities and family and you
know all that stuff that everyone says
they would do but would you really do it
I'm gonna say yes what am I most afraid
of is this kind of dramatic and a little
bit maybe out of character for me but
I'm so afraid of being like 30 years old
not knowing what I'm doing not being
married like it that's kind of a big
thing like what if no one ever loves me
it blows my mind how two people find
each other who feel the same way about
each other for me it's either I'm at
this end or um you know I would miss it
what does a perfect day look like to me
a perfect day for me honestly is no fun
me not having a phone to people around I
having a phone at least it's not using
it a lot and just being around like not
many people I'm not very good at hanging
out in big groups like I prefer just
like one or two people and just like
doing whatever you want to do not
knowing what the time is just doing like
dumb things like you don't have to like
spend money you can just drive to like a
mountain I should go under mountain the
other day to dinner and see the picture
I almost died but anyway just doing
things like that that don't I don't know
they're just fun not because of like
you're on an airplane going to Hawaii
you're just with people that you enjoy
talking with and hanging out with and
you don't have this screen in front of
you that are separating you does that
make sense I know I'm just a big like no
phones kind of gal which doesn't really
work with the career path I have but
we'll see how that goes so there might
be boring to some people but I just like
mmm I also like lying on the ground how
would my friends describe me I don't
know and I don't want to know if I could
choose one superpower what like I wish I
could fly today okay no I thought this
top was lower than it was I thought I
was like BAM here's metates I just
always wanted to be able to fly but I am
NOT a bird and you were not a bird and
this is not the notebook what sports did
I play in high school
okay so believe it or not by my really
awesome sporty figure I I really enjoyed
sport I got into my high school on a
sports scholarship I played football
tennis squash badminton cricket touch
was that it but I played football for my
city and then I played touch for my city
and I played payment him for my city I
didn't just play them as a hobby I was
good I was real good I don't know what
happened
I turned 18 and it all went downhill
from there favorite song at the moment
to me find it let me go to my Spotify
also you guys keep asking me what my
Spotify is and I've been meaning to be
like I'll link you but I can't figure
out how to link it does anyone know how
to link it I don't know how to use the
internet I'm useless in everything this
song this is my fav song at the moment
oh it's playing on this figure outside
hold on I wish I could tell you the name
but I don't know how to pronounce it
what are my three weaknesses heights
100% heights I am terrible with Heights
like terrible with Heights when I say
I'm terrible with Heights
don't take me up a mountain thanks
zombies I know that sounds so lame
because like apparently they're not real
but I don't believe the government even
on Halloween which is coming up soon for
zombie shores I've hit my door I'm
kicking them in the face
I don't care if they're four years old
get out of my house for your Rob Zombie
and then maybe I'll get a visit from the
police but at least I protected myself
from that four year old and then the
third one ooh love
what's my food our food probably I've
tried to be healthy and for me being
healthy you just kind of stop overeating
but I physically cannot stop myself it's
a weakness like you see a good chocolate
cake I'm in there I'll never move me I
see a couple chocolate chip cookies I'm
in there I see a good bowl of nachos I
am in there how do I handle people that
don't like me people that don't like me
a clearly horrible people and I will go
up to them and I will stand up for
myself and I will say I don't like me I
don't know I just don't care I don't
know you you probably don't know me you
got a problem or maybe you don't know
mean you don't like meaning that's fine
that's totally fine I heard I'm kind of
annoying sometimes so I had my
insecurities with my sarcasm if I
covered one person's mind who would it
be you know how sometimes when you like
someone like just sometimes think I fall
in love with a different person every
single day I like you I'm getting vibes
but are we really vibing or am I just
delusional I wish I could read that
person's mind before making a phone call
- I rehearse what I'm going to say I
never seen yes when I saw this online I
was like am I not the only one that does
this I am terrible on the phone so I'm
going to have like phone interviews or
just ordering pizza I am terrible I hate
it for some reason what I can't see the
other person's face it freaks me out and
I don't know what they're thinking I
don't know when they're going to talk so
I end up talking at the same time as
that when we just play this little
ping-pong gang up on our you go through
you know this know you know oh I'm sorry
but then again I'd rather a phone call
then tick so it's like a big Jamie you
screwing yourself
/ and I'm like I know I know the first
song that comes into my head I can't
think of a song I don't know where to go
what's the right team I want my own
dream so bad I'm gonna scram
I'm also using my youtube career to
start my music career too so watch out
for that I literally woke up inside of
editing and it's now one o'clock
I am so slowly they're saying it's
embarrassing but I've just realised that
this video is gonna be super long so
I've decided to split it up in two parts
obviously so this is the first half and
the second half will come next week and
then you'll probably a little bit joking
like whatever this look is um because I
need to do the clap I have to do the cut
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can change my wig get it
time to show what we each do kostikova
bersama we need to screw logic question
crazy where's the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a cruller streaming like cranberry
juice little breaking in almost a game
like it's not the people begin to keep
the image
