we're ready to go we're just waiting for
a Breanna for fun
Oh was it that's a video oh okay cool oh
no yeah I know I'm betting on turn I
don't know him
thanks guys huh okay I mean in my life
too Swift sweep it out cuz you plenty
you to rule
it's like a five minute ride meeting
soon okay i Scout to the shotgun it runs
like do the shot face and I can't do it
but I just can't do it oxide yeah it's
like yeah but like I am gonna do it
since like I got my braces off my face
structure should changed the mouth on
the other side of Eden I will give up
Nana
we made it even though Brianna got lost
classic Bri those eyes I stood on you
Jonah Bob yeah oh whoa she's gonna get
her in a okay your favorite who's your
favorite pocket is closing the
information free cause there's no free
courts well this guy's vaporizer
there's no court so this is such a fail
what about those crappy courts that are
just down the road from our house yeah
at that weird primary school with combat
we've got the core we found a core how
you feel Brianna ready to bowl you know
tennis on don't forget that you know
it's Jamie's world not Katie and
Brianna's it's Jamie and Katie's well
today any tennis court we're stealing
everything a bit rusty yeah I can catch
Michael killed by these keys don't hit
me
yeah I'm disappointed Jamie that sucks
oh no we've got a sore loser right on
the ball go Aniki girl in the glasses go
and just the best girl in the world
oh yeah we've got a rally going on is
that the worst so
with I think it's list Oh No Briana wait
on the bull go here we go beaut oh it
was good fun we can always eat a bit up
okay you ready hey we'll try from this
angle
don't off that look cool honor
yep she lost how's it feel to be a loser
Oh honestly it's just normal to be a
winner
oh you know it was a just game that what
have you guys dragged into camera and
how does the field of play against Jamie
curry oh she's a must have competed
about I feel like go well your way sir
shake hands we played two full points
your Luke oh my god again look romantic
rematch ring man so we just finished
eNOS I'm grilling braid my eyebrow is
not all good date us hold on okay
I'm gonna vlog once a week my site might
say to make sure I do it yep yep yep so
enjoy the video give it a
and if you legs now we're gonna clap one
two three turns out the wrong side of
the bed is the right side get other bed
on the left and I smile wide cuz I know
I'm gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I get changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
above a Samba we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame a kiss I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keeping it on replay
be an idiot rap in a crew screaming like
it's rabbit meat you're freaking in
almost akin like it's nothing people
begin to keep
