but I never know how to start these I
feel like I've been doing this now like
three years and I'm still like Shh
I'm in filming god knows how long and I
have my name started it's really bad
weather here today and I just get really
agitated when it's like this really look
how I'm standing just gonna fly away
though I'm 20 now believe it or not so
for this week's video I thought I'd make
a list of things they don't tell you
about being 20 did I say that right did
that make sense I just got a really hot
flush
mmmm going through menopause maybe
that's another thing about being 20 so
just me or is it hot in here
I just fogged up a camera you idiot why
would you do that oh how do I um fog it
is it unfucked Oh No the first thing
they don't tell you about being 20 is
you have to pay for everything yourself
which seems very obvious and you know
reasonable but I just never thought
about because my parents obviously when
you're younger they pay for things like
food and the doctors probably about a
month ago I had a bit of a sore throat
sounds like you know just catch go to
can't go to the doctor cuz cuz that's
what mom used to do all the time so as I
was leaving I went up to pay and the
lady was like that'll be $112 how much
$112 ah ah no ma'am it's 100 and 105
dollars what ma'am you okay there goes
another one it's so much here on my head
I just don't know what to do with it
rings are always like why is your hair
so messy and I'm like cuz I don't have
this beer two hours in the morning
another thing about being 20 is you
realize that you don't know a lot you
don't know anything turns out I didn't
know how to use a washing machine or a
dryer I'm sure there's people watching
this going how did you not know I just
didn't I just did not oh no I don't know
if that's just cuz I'm an idiot but I
never done washing like my mom would do
the washing we would have to iron
but she was very precise with the
washing machine so she wouldn't actually
let us use it I don't know that's weird
another thing about turning 20 is no one
tells you this but you can't pretend you
don't know what you're doing because
people expect you to know what you're
doing because you're 20 when I was 18 I
was just I'm sorry I'm 18 I don't know
what I'm doing I'm just the kid and
everyone was like oh it's okay like you
know you're young you're learning but
now that you're 20 you have to know
everything
or at least pretend like you know your
breathing and if you mess up you missed
up like it's like oh no she's she's
young it's okay it's like no it's okay
I'm 18 um learning slowly progress
program she's really good I'm sorry I'm
20 I should know better
footing on start make mistakes like this
I apologize I'm really um I'm humiliated
by this I'm so sorry everyone involved
sorry floor why'd I do that no so stupid
I'm soaked also I've noticed that being
20 now I don't have his many friends
maybe that's just me in high school you
had just a big group of friends whether
you even talked to some of them that was
your clique that was your group that was
your squad now it's like we want to like
have a party at our house it'll be cool
and then we all set down on psych-k
let's write a list of all the people
we'll invite and realize that we just we
we didn't we didn't have any friends
pointy is also like a weird age where
you can't relate to adults because
you're still not an adult but it's weird
if you talk to like younger kids like
you'll be talking to an adult they'll be
talking about work and children and
marriage in your life I bought a blue
lightsaber today and and that's maybe
that's just me again
also being 20 and get excited about like
not exciting things I'll be walking
around a store and I'll see this really
nice match like a like a rug and
obviously I even hit such a good rug
that would look so good in the house and
then as soon as I see
I'm like I'm so pouring I even was
googling toaster reviews on YouTube I
who does that I'm also being 20 I
realized that things cost so much money
everything cost so much that I had no
idea I'm not like money is important but
like you need money to you know live
what's are the last thing about being 20
is you have to eat healthy otherwise you
you get pretty swollen at home so
obvious your mum's making your meals so
she's giving you vegetables involve only
do you have to make them which is
horrible you have to eat them and then
you have to clean up and it's just a big
house it's just a sad moment in your
life where you're cooking and you're
cleaning and you're eating and you're
just crying broccoli doesn't taste nice
healthy food doesn't taste nice room
cheese tastes nice sugar taste not abs
tastes nice green things do not taste
nice I think that's all the things for
being 20 that I I've experienced in my
like three months of being 22 months so
um but if you did enjoy this video
please give it a thumbs up please
subscribe please just give me things
please give me things that I don't
deserve this is my fourth video in four
weeks I am killing the YouTube game I
just love myself I'm really in sync you
right turns off the wrong side of the
bed is the rice I get it
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I get changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do cost equip
up a Samba we need to screw logic let's
get crazy where's the new normal like
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
rap in a cruiser screaming like a rabbit
read your little freaking enormous
taking like it's nothing people begin to
keep
