corners up with the hills and then I
just hear those bang and my car swivels
Iseman that's it
there it is so couple weeks ago I had a
lot of bad things happen to me I mean I
went like bad not all of them but um it
was just hit that the fact that they
will happen in this lake one week and a
half week that it was just like are you
serious
so written the list of all the bad
things happen to me and I'm gonna tell
you what they are so Saturday I moved in
to this house and I was carrying some
boxes and it was full of you know plates
and tea cups and bowls and as I pull it
out of the car the bottom of the box so
on Sunday I broke my toe I walked into
right there
their thing literally just walked into
it and I just heard this and I was like
cool broke my toe and I said to my
flatmates guys I think I broke my toe I
couldn't even walk on it no you just
sprained it like no guys broken my hair
it's now crooked a little bit bent but
but it's all good you know I was listing
off and privileged enough to have a
toaster and on the Monday um I was
driving out to Silvia Park obviously if
you're not from here you won't know who
that is but I was along the motorway
freeway highway morning birth what do
you call it with all the lanes and you
go in like 100 miles an hour hundred K
whatever you just gone real fast I was
on the outside lane and in this truck
like a big-ass truck like two trailers
on the back like big truck
you know stops hitting a little too
close to my car and I was kind of like
yo dude that's a bit close and then he
just you know didn't stop moving his
indicators were on okay he doesn't know
I'm here
he hasn't seen me so the strike starts
moving over so then I have to go off the
road at a hundred K hundred kilometers
luckily I didn't head into the wall
lucky I didn't get hit by the truck
luckily I didn't die and I'm on the side
of the road
readily I finally stopped and I just
about cry like I was so scared could
have died you know privileged enough to
you know be life so Tuesday I jammed my
finger in the door nothing that major
but you know I'd broke my toe and I took
a chunk out of my fingers also that same
Tuesday I found out I'm allergic to wine
and I purposely trained myself to like
wine because every time I go to like
abeyance or just like meetings rottener
they're boys I always liked your last
wine and I I hate being like thoughtful
but I only drink like vodka and you
can't just be like oh can I have a
casual vodka they'll be like are you
okay so I trained myself to be able to
that drink of wine and fit in be social
um and then I finally started liking it
and now I break out into this rash look
at it it's hideous it was all down my
finger it was on my neck and I can I can
still drink red wine but it makes my
teeth go read and just a hair so that
was a big blow for me really because I
purposely tried to like wine and if I
hadn't done that we would have been fine
you know privileged enough to be able to
to drink fluids so okay on the Wednesday
um I actually had some more wine because
we wanted to test out if it happened
again it did so I had a glass of red
wine and I had it on the couch and I
knocked it off with onto the couch and
in the glass rolled off the couch
smashed all over the floor white tiles
my dad had a good day Thursday though
and then Friday
I took my friend who was here from
Wellington at breakfast and then we both
got food poisoning the battery's gonna
die no all right let me just replace the
battery so we're out I was on it like
half the day so maybe it wasn't proper
food poisoning but we probably both got
it
so you know that was great and then and
so that Friday night my friend was
wearing some perfume and I like like
neutral smells in my car so I thought
can wind the window down so I went
down Friday night and I was like hey
don't forget to wind them up I forgot to
wind them up Friday it rained the
heaviest I've ever heard it rain like
cuz I don't know if this is like a 10
roof made of tin of you pinkies the mud
she's in the next morning I just hear we
gotta go oh my god Jamie you left your
windows down and I I a little bit of my
heart kind of it Brooke okay so I went
out checked it out I was ruined
it was soaked and then that same day I
went to got my nails done this isn't
really like a bad thing but it just kind
of added to like I just ruined my car
we'll go get our nails done
and the lady who did my nails was so bad
I've never had my nails done before this
was like the first time I've ever had it
what a Sheena that's why I had him done
before one time um but that was
different it was a different kind of
anyway doesn't matter I'm telling the
story and the lady who did mine was the
worst or so rough didn't file my nails
properly the glue she like stopped my
nail too like my finger does that make
sense and then there was a global of my
fingers of good what is it the gel stuff
I don't know but it was horrible but you
know blessed enough to yoga
get my nails done but you know what I
mean it was just part of that whole
thing
usually it wouldn't have bothered me I'd
be like oh well ok came home and I need
to go out again I'll take my car I hate
to put two towels down in a plastic bag
so I can sit in my soaked car had a bad
week you need to spoil yourself girl you
need to eat muffin when I get back I was
running four minutes life-ful minutes
I got a ticket $65 ticket Auckland City
Council parking whoever runs that stuff
see five dollars before minutes over
obviously I'm in the wrong I was I was
late but $65 for four minutes how do you
just I'd rather give it like children
who need it people who don't have food
clothes shelter and see I'm giving it to
you cuz I'm four minutes over freakin
minutes I only got four minutes to get
to my car
I was laid $65 for four minutes and I
don't think they were Catalan counsel or
is it parking is it separate I think
it's super people know whoever runs that
I will find you and I will find you
$65 obviously not the packing guys fault
here so job to do but you know cut my
sucked and I ring my mother
I just thought is anything but she like
it's okay he's not though it's not I'm
very blessed I had to keep thinking this
whole her mother had a house some
friends that got me through my week and
then Sunday had a pretty good day Sunday
Tuesday was my birthday okay so it's
kind of yes like a week and a half so we
had a good Sunday good Monday and then
Tuesday was my birthday because I live
in Auckland and my family's in Hawke's
Bay so it's like a five-hour drive um so
I thought I should go home and see my
family for my birthday so the morning my
birthday I get up and I say to my
flatmates something bad always happens
on my birthday
last year I got food poisoning I seem to
get food poisoning a lot I was in LA am
i Andrea Andrea Russett actually she
drove hours trying to find this few more
days and she was ahead of it as I thank
you so much ate it it was like three
four hours but I died Thank You Andrea
she probably put something in it on
purpose and they said okay well drive
safely yeah I know because I could just
species after this week ahead
I'm just something bad was downtown I'm
driving home you know listen to Mattoon
um I'm about during a half hours into
the trip
nothing bad is happening me driving real
good round the corners up for the hills
and then I just hear this bang and my
car swivels I mean that's it
there it is my tire exploded it not even
just like a flat tire like it went bang
so I like a pullover I'm like a called
don't panic or good you knew something
bad was gonna happen you're prepared for
it all good you're lucky enough to have
a tire pull over
check the tire out yep deep split you
know so you go back to the car get the
phone out
no service nothing not even a bar
like swine Jamie we're okay at least
enough to have a phone
but seriously what them I've had enough
I look to put the sky and see God why me
why me
did I do something wrong I know missed a
couple Sundays but you know blessed
enough I started sort of like what do I
do I'm gonna have to talk to a stranger
yeah but do you know what I mean like
you're in the middle of nowhere
I'm a teenage girl all right you know I
flagged down one car nothing didn't even
get a look Nick's car sort of waved
nothing Nick's car no and then another
car came from the other direction I was
in like a weird spot as well where I was
on a corner kind of so like no one would
see me until they around and it's kind
of a bit like then a character from the
other direction I went and it was an old
guy he went huh me you their car that it
actually come past before I had turned
around it was two guys and said hey you
okay I think they could see I was on the
verge of tears
the guy went okay well pop the boot
theme all right thank you thank you God
and nothing Bad's happened to me since
so you know I think I got all my my
badness out for the week because I'd
like to consider myself a very lucky
person but that was horrible oh no
actually I got home I got cramps and I
couldn't eat my birthday cake but other
than it you know place to have a
birthday cake blessed to have a uterus
okay my cameras I've got like a little
bit of memory live so I'm just gonna
stop I hope you liked the video give it
a thumbs up please subscribe please
another memory okay
um there's always work on my life if you
do have it we're Severus please comment
below okay I'll see you next week mine
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side ghetto
on the left and I smile wide cuz I know
I'm gonna make this biggest the best of
both worlds I could change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
uber Samba we need to screw logic legend
crazy where's the new normal of the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keeping it on replay be an idiot
wrapping a crew to the screaming like
cranberry juice breaking in almost and
like it's nothing people begin to keep
