look like we're in prison hello hello
hello and welcome to the show okay so
this week's video I thought I would do a
Q&A which you know I haven't done before
so I went on Twitter and I see doing a
video Q&A hit me with your best shot
use hashtag hit me baby to see me and
the question um I bought some yams me I
don't like the lighting I don't know hey
Lawrence what do you want what do you
want like but are you satisfied are my
fight nighttime
hey watch do feel about the word moist
like personally I think of cake but ah
what thing makes you cringe the most um
really yeah he's probably just so much
there's probably a lot just going in my
hair but I you have to pick one um when
I see people taking selfies in public
she does it a lot ah I just feel so at
home next question
bobert do that I've been in jail too
long what is your favorite thing to do
at the moment yeah go to the gym I'm
actually enjoying it I found a new gym
buddy and it's actually really fun and
then I have a trainer every other day oh
I'm so bored you can tell him to winter
now I said I enjoy going to yeah I'm
actually a bit baffled by okay hey I'm
gonna get a boyfriend by the end of the
year please send in your application
that just creeped me out
you say that really oh yeah oh yeah okay
and you foot a whole banana in your
mouth what's the weirdest thing you've
done this week I bought yams oh I bought
some games it's the weirdest thing I did
I bought some yams yams from Mushu a
market in the yam section what's your
favorite song or artists for the month
of all favorite TV show um I am really
liking friends at the moment I don't
know if you know that's heard of it um
it's called friends hey boy tell me what
you thinkin I don't gained we drink it
do you like pineapple on pizza
yes oh yeah yeah
I don't are you one of those people so
the wardens gonna come get us any any
second it's lights out soon we want to
get to the showers first cuz otherwise
the line the lines you ditch us Piper
and Alex are fighting a game oh that's
so annoying
oh okay let's just end it right it's got
to be at the same time if you did like
the video give it a thumbs up and and if
you didn't then don't
three two one Oh cook okay if you do it
again so would you go 3 2 1 or 3 2 1 if
Tammy went down below which one you
choose she wants the 3 2 1
I like the 3 2 1 so top okay first
options second option first often those
people there you go 3 2 turns out the
wrong side of the bed
get on the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this
biggest the best of both worlds I could
changed my wig get it time to show what
we each do caustic reverb Istanbul we
need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal of the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it at a replay be an idiot rap in a crew
screaming like a scrap breaking into
Mustang like it's nothing people begin
to keep
