she's not she's just a neighbor and now
she's moving at the end of this the June
thanks for telling the world my
information hi guys
these are my children banana and other
kid and then I said this sketch
she's biscuit and so what are you and
then she's just wrong about on sue
because I had one laying around and it's
your favorite thing huh describe so
basically why I've got cuz you're six
right yeah
near seven yeah I thought I should ask
them some questions what did you guys do
today you came over you say didn't you
yeah and you woke me up yeah yeah cuz
she always stays up late and we always
come over for that video the last video
we made it broke a bit what is your
happiest memory going to the part of our
cousins and having McDonald's my best
friend was at my school she not anymore
yeah why do you like being a kid cuz you
get to do gymnastics you get a do it if
you wanted you get a do cheeky things
like steal cookies from an old lady's
house and once she got dropped off out
of the car and she went to old lady's
house and had some quick drink kit quick
drink of milk and cookies you're allowed
to look down the lens you don't have to
look at yourself the whole time so but I
know what's going on going on with you
there makes Christian one word to
describe you banana go um-um um-um um-um
eating cupcakes
one word cupcakes eighteen wait no wait
wait one word
umm cake no chickie chickie
I love eating cooking's one word um
eating eating okay probably me too what
about yours
that's an each sleeping sleeping eating
sleeping you guys are basically with me
chopped in half and where do you think
you'll be in ten years I would be
driving to Smigel and buying lots of
stuff I thought when I was 16 I thought
that I would work for ice cream and eat
it all when you're 16 I'll be 30
oh my goodness
what are you doing you've got here in
your earring okay thank you
what's the what is the grossest thing
you can think of cause eat eating poo
okay for very valid points I am famous
for giving your phones Chad favorite
song go banana into you ariana grande
yeah you always for the one Michael
Jackson hold my hand
Martha Jackson mine would be Katy Perry
hummingbird heartbeat
this is my favorite thing to do what
annoyed me yeah say hello hello the
whole world I want to look at myself if
you're gonna have one superpower what
would it be
banana dance question teleport to fly
just fly again one wish what would it be
oh um um it would be I can drive and
visible a thriving business that's for
one wish and the ya know world peace my
I wish Jamie curry was my sister I also
loved guys it went from a nice moment to
- evil laughing well done so thank you
guys for watching this week's video I
hope you liked it thank you to banana
and other kid for coming over and
filming it with me if you did like this
video give it a thumbs up
um and you stand it Jamie yeah I'm a or
maybe just come to a dream are you
kidding me nice joking as at it's n uh
it's an Australia South Australia that's
exactly where we are in America way to
link them off the scent there guys ready
one two three
turns out the wrong side of the bed
get on the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
as the best of both worlds I could
change my wig get it time to show what
we each do caustic reverb Istanbul we
need to screw logic legend crazy where's
the new normal of the world is Jamie's
you can't blame me cuz I can't be lame
I'm just trying to have fun keep it in a
replay be an idiot rap and a crew
screaming like a scribe means you're
breaking in almost and like it's not a
bigger beginning keep
