I'm not really sure how we got to this
point where this became a thing and
everyone you know wants to know what's
in my box kind of here okay
I never started this I never wanted this
to be like this this is not what I want
this is not one so for those who are new
around here and I'm confused as to why
I'm revealing what's in my box I did a
YouTube video maybe three or four years
ago and it was a room tour I was showing
him remind all the things and blah blah
blah and then I came across this box and
it was probably for about three seconds
and I just skipped across it and I said
there's my box my country what's in
there
and moved on it wasn't even a thing and
I didn't realize it was such a big thing
until maybe a year and a half ago
I realized that everyone wants to know
what's in my box and everyone wants to
get in my box it doesn't really make
sense to me as to why everyone wants to
know what's in my box or how just how we
got here
and why so mysterious and why everyone
thinks there's a dildo in there there's
not two ways away today I'm just gonna
show you what's in my box also I don't
even know where I got this box from or
why I have it like a nice fakely the
handle got dust on it let's get into the
unboxing literally huh
never thought I'd do an unboxing do you
want to know there is actually something
here right that's actually not as funny
as probably I think people are assuming
it's going to be it's more of a little
memory box cot somewhat my grandmother's
things in it I've got to this is the
last I think this one's the last
Christmas card this is the last
Christmas card that my grandmother gave
me before she passed away this was the
last oh that's got my dress on it yeah a
bit no I thought this was gonna be on my
box I'm sorry if this is taking a bit of
a like a bit of a downer I don't know I
don't think it's a down oh no I'm not
talking about it and said why I think
it's it's cool ahead and embrace like
this but I it's not it's no dildo I
guess nothing anyway to my grandmother's
favorite color was yellow so we all wore
yellow ribbons
funeral so this was don't know if that's
a bit morbid that I have this but we all
wore these around our wrists in this
this thing this thing's the coolest
thing that I have in here and that
actually sort of started this box I
don't really put this down sort of break
it look it even looks so old so she
because she was old I guess um so when
my grandmother died she wanted me to
have this what's a box in a box isn't
it's like what's in my box now Watson
what's in this box this watch was given
to her when she by her parents when she
turned 18 and she wanted me to have this
which was so awesome I was given this I
think I was 16 or 17
it's so awesome look I don't know if you
can see that I don't know how to focus
this but it's so cool I look I've worn
it a couple times obviously I don't work
on the daily because if I lost it I
would cry forever can't really replace
it like hey can I have another one
no and it's got third of the 11:59 so
that's what's in my box sorry if that
wasn't super cool I was gonna do a video
of like what could be in there and put
random things in there but I'd rather
just kind of be like this is this is
what's in the box
stop treating me what's in my box it's
kind of weird everyone asked me what's
in my box so I hope you don't mind these
last few videos have just kind of been
me sitting down and talking to you guys
rather than trying to put on this show
or this whatever hand movements faces
whatever I used to do and you still have
to make my fiance so I don't know what
we're gonna be doing that but I am
excited and nervous for you to meet her
but it will be awesome
look at these actually this is from out
there a bit did now but um these are
from our engagement party so we had
these on the on the dining room dining
room living room table lots of cheese
boards and grapes and stuff around it
thanks for watching this week's video
you guys are awesome billy-ray she's
hearing it more often
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
reverb Istanbul we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame me because I can't be lame I'm
just trying to have fun keeping it a
replate be an idiot wrap in a crew
screaming like rabid your little mistake
