to your proper like where the hell are
you I'm in my new house that's it really
so this week's video is a queuing so
this week's video is a Q&A I haven't
done one of those in a while and you
guys seem to like those ones so I'm
gonna do it let's just start what do you
think of a song work from home by 5/8
that's right oh it's so good in the
video like how can you fam plafond so
I'm keen I'm so excited like last year
was literally one of the best times of
my life so I'm so excited to go back
there this year if you don't know about
him
I'm not about amplify I'll put the links
down below it's basically a tour around
Australia New Zealand so if you're from
that country is then check it out buy
tickets what is the last picture you two
will you come to Germany every single
country have been to Asia Australia la I
la is a country I always meet a German
and they're like I'm from Germany
I watch your videos it's very funny
that was my German accent the answer
that question is maybe
next question what's your favorite song
from Taylor Swift's 1989 I just really
like the whole album like I always
jumped like what's my favorite depending
on like what kind of headspace man if
I'm like yeah I'm down to party I'll
listen to like I don't know bad blood or
something but if it's like I feel like
having a glass of wine and crying I will
go for like clean or you're in love I
have cried to so many Taylor Swift songs
about a boy it doesn't even exist we
ever do a collab with elixir I honestly
just think she is using me for my fame
so no I won't be doing a collab with her
what is your biggest fear that you've
never told anyone I really don't like
bugs there's a bug sitting under a cup
literally just around the corner there
because it was in my room last night so
then I put the cup over it and just slid
it into the hallway I don't know when
I'll remove it no it's still alive not
later yeah what are the last takes you
simple accessor what's your fave cereal
I don't really have a favor you but I
had like a fave like combination like I
put corn flakes and honey puffs together
what is your favorite song and blue
neighborhood
call elixir you just all want to know
about elixir Cal give her a call but I
doubt your or why she answered Jamie
always tells me that I'm using her for
her fame because she is I literally just
did that before by what food do you know
how to make beef probably tacos I enjoy
a good taco would you ever hang out with
a fan you met on the street yes I've
actually done this once before when I
was in Perth maybe last year I like
people hanging outside a hotel and now
what can we get a pack I was like yeah
sure
and I liked it you walking around by
yourself and I was like yeah you can
come if you want
and they're like okay so then I just
hung out with him you realize you guys
are people right and we're just people
it's there's no like barrier between us
we're not some untouchable and hang out
of all creatures some of us just happen
to have 10 million followers but it
doesn't make me better than you
not much just remember that top or
bottom I really like the top the top
bunk it's really I don't know you got
your own little space like down the
bottom gets like too crowded and you
know so the top I definitely prefer the
top hmm is a bug are you a virgin I
don't get it why am i gay um because you
were just born like that Matt's okay I
mean I was born awesome and I can't help
it I was also born like pretty funny
kind smart
I can't help it love yourself accept
yourself love yourself accept yourself
when are you going to deactivate Oh
do you play an instrument I do I do I
play the guitar
play the harmonica Labe everything I
love leaves me except Alexa why are you
such a shady bitch why do you all think
I'm a shady bitch so that seemed to the
video I hope I answered your question if
I didn't I'll probably do another one
because I'm so creative with content we
did that this video they give it a
thumbs up make sure you subscribe real
weird thumbs make sure you subscribe
make sure here's your shrine first one
for fun I'm gonna show you betcha yes
you know I'll see you next week kids
well I you have to subscribe to find out
or turns off the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get other bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic above a
Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy where's the new normal if the
world is jammies
you can't blame a kiss I can't be lame
I'm just trying to have fun keep it in a
replay be an idiot wrap in a cruller
screaming like a rabbit meet your wigs
break it in almost eight like it
