hey guys I've decided that there are a
lot of things that I don't understand
like a lot and I have a list of things
and I'm going to go through them and
tell you what they are and then joined
by a limo skirt that's going to be
hilarious
cool moving on number one thing I don't
understand is maths well not so much
maths but like algebra ed one teacher
that she would like go through explain
all the algebra stuff and then I put the
hand up and be like I don't get it and
she'll be like what's not to understand
weren't you listening and it's like no I
just don't get it
cure the skit so for algebra today we're
going to figure out C plus B plus minus
D equals 10 X Y minus pi yeah hi um I
still don't get it what do you mean you
don't get it when you're less thing I
just don't understand the C in the pot
pot like how did you figure it out
yourself I don't have time to put up
people that aren't I'm going to listen
to it to this to this all this writing
that I put here okay okay cool I'll just
fail and not have an education cool
don't even worry about it
do I have any other questions huh yes
I'm wearing the same clothes as Jamie
but I've got a head on so it's different
the second thing I don't understand is
all people making jokes about ripped
jeans
who here is head like an old person come
up to you and maybe like oh did you not
get paid today and you're not afford
jeans are there holes in them yes I can
afford it oh actually no yeah I can
afford James that holes in them I bought
them like this
I do the skit don't you have a job
sorry can't you're for jeans but that
rips oh no I I have a job I bought these
like this they're actually more
expensive to buy ripped jeans yeah you
bought them like that oh I don't
understand fashion these days back in my
day as fashion queen I still am clearly
can you anata consult my fashion this is
the trend these days I've lots of knee
movement - so shut up granny oh okay I
was just trying to give you some tips
I'm an old lady ripped jeans get them
now young men wearing the pants
super-low I'm all for like wearing what
you want or doing whatever you want to
do but it just seems impractical for me
it's impractical away and practicals of
it I looked it up in my dictionary in my
brain about two years ago at the
jessamine concert and of course the
Biebs is known for wearing his pants
like round his ankles and he tripped on
the stairs and I just don't look like he
could dance or like war so I don't get
my boys with their pants solo because
they spend half the time pulling their
pants up anyway also they wear belts and
the parents still run the ankles what is
that about
good scared
hey them are you doing oh hi can can you
even um can you walkin us what do you
mean gonna walk ya can walk in these can
do bleep chicks sec you like that huh
Wow cool downstairs yeah cool
oh well I'm gonna I'm gonna go so stay
hot yeah thank you thank you okay Oh bye
I'm actually gonna go this way there's
another fashion thing but it's about me
I don't understand why I wear heels if I
can't walk in heels I can't run in heels
I love running I mean judging by my
figure it doesn't look like but I love
running when I go out I like to run and
jump over things in heels you can't do
that you can't jump I mean I think
Beyonce could but I'm not Beyonce cute
skit
I don't understand why there are bad
people in the world
there's no scope for this I just
generally don't understand why people do
bad things
1 2 3 4 5 last thing that I don't
understand is Paranormal Activity movies
oh well just horror movies in general
like why why was someone like let's make
a movie that will make people crap their
pants that will be a good idea as you
know if you've seen my speakers video I
jump and like loud noises or just like
jumpy things and I scream like really
loudly so during this film it was a lot
of screaming kids get on ourselves in
the basements tape is like 20 years old
I got a fine board of tapes look at this
I've heard of spirit photography before
I just never seen it in person
oh god you say even I want to say it by
myself
bah plea and scared you that's the video
for this week guys I really hope you
liked it if you didn't I'm sorry
um I've been really good with uploading
videos I'd like to think as I said I was
gonna do it once a week as I've been
saying for a hundred years but now it's
fine thanks I'm gonna go now okay have a
good week I'll see you next week turns
out the wrong side of the bed is the
right side get her the bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy where's the new normal like
the world is Jamie's you can't blame a
kiss I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keeping it on replay be an
idiot wrapping a crew to screaming like
a rabbit
