that's his horrible change guys I'm in a
hotel room with Olli my hotel room his
hotel room
and what are we doing say anything
challenge you say anything say anything
so basically the rules is you say
anything I'd never heard of a challenge
until about 10 minutes ago
basically you can just say anything
that's gonna guess the limit yeah
apparently it's hard apparently yeah
according to the videos I've seen it is
relatively difficult but we're gonna go
and if it's really easy I'm out of ideas
also disclaimer heaven damn I here today
I just grabbed the shower so basically
if you um can't say anything you put
seven if I see you guys know the game
I'm sure you know the game two-faced
dog train car window building this isn't
sticky is that this is just tape this
isn't ski that's good enough isn't it
doesn't get plug lamp cop dream window
that's not even sticky no I complained
about this if you go for a double no
fixing it
oh no fair enough that's yeah cool house
like dream computer is strong Trump it
no okay
that's a lot of tape that's a lot of
take Jamie okay
don't cover my mouth you're shootin PAP
come pull the blanket dream window pop
it off tables Nikki touch
oh it's put me in the eye let's go
around just do that it's cold please
don't balk lamp trade shoes call gone
tug yes dream I've obeyed Minh eyebrow
no cement breathe gravel carrot rock
beach fresh shocked jumpy junkie guitar
Drucilla tape recorder that's not my
mouth game I don't know you know the
eyes please
penile drum cheer curtain wall bat paint
tire friends watch out
okay hold on sorry get ready for though
I play by my own rules
now I've doubled up I play by my own
rules Jamie carry alright else cigar
ring Pacino Jacob what father yeah brick
I beige yeah this make me look cool is
just like in the bandana of sellotape
oh I good stuff it's it's it will be in
like all the kids we wearing that's fine
son John Lennon stars joke oh I know
just a nigga joke leaf what can I say
thanks I appreciate it yeah oh you
should have a pretty curtain fine fabric
let's get a bloody good worse like four
syllables thank you five syllable leave
them you look cute
that's good that's good it's good man
poor Joe Cannon need fishing rod left
dream white man plow dog sense sun
shining friendly Trisha Paytas mum Oh
dad sister children Taylor Cambron shark
essentially kissing are you going around
the head
so I'm best into the video guys I hope
you liked it if you didn't sorry
they'll also find a video over on all
these channel if you wanna go check it
out I'll put the links in the
description and if I'm technical enough
I'll put like a box on sites do me it's
not a box there I failed
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do cause to come up
a Samba we need to screw logic legend
crazy is the new normal and world is
Jamie's you can't blame HS I can't be
lame I'm just trying to have fun keep it
in a replay be an idiot rapid a cruelest
ruin like
