hi guys I'm back with another video and
I'm doing one once a week like I said I
would
so for this week's video I thought I
would do a what's on my phone I have two
cameras here's the second camera look at
that it's cool right you can see
everything on my phone and I thought I'd
go through on my phone and tell you just
like what's on it and kind of show you I
don't actually know we could probably
come across some embarrassing stuff so
we'll see so shall we just start okay
let's stop I have 30 unread takes
messages
sorry guys for not replying one for my
mother telling her I'm scaring her sugar
and photos you know when you have to
decide what fills who you want but you
can't decide well I do that a lot what
else do I have on here Oh me playing
golf is me playing golf I'm really
enjoying golf at the moment I sound real
lame but I let go it's fun oh my waffles
I like to take pictures of waffles oh my
god right back
this is throw a bit - in about 2 and 1/2
years ago when I did go next door it's
like this music video think that's it
actually move on we've got some apps
this is this new deck that I just
downloaded it's like a game
it could be things literally addicted to
it pay attention to the label balls
that's very important
basically it's like a puzzle kind of bet
like I am in a haze over 360 labels
which is kind of scary for me because
I'll be playing it for a long time that
they updated every three weeks without
new labels so just when you think you're
done you're not really done if you want
to download it I'll put like links below
also for like any other things that I go
all the ex and stuff I'll put links down
below if you want to download them but
don't get addicted like I did you'll get
addicted I'm telling you it's
frightening
I got tinder so this is my tinder
profile yeah I've had a couple of been
like is this really you it is 10 does
crack up I don't think what to say that
I'm like swipe left I just swipe look
through everyone basically unless I know
them I'm gonna I'm gonna blur their
faces out and their names because I
don't want people to get offended but I
swipe lift for everyone as I said unless
I know you oh I had piano music piano
okay that I'm literally the best at this
game
when I have them yeah I have nothing
interesting oh I had that Anna and I can
Anakin and if you don't understand
basically this game like that you think
of a person and it's gonna ask you
questions and you answer correctly and
it will guess for the prisoners I'll say
reading this Who I am
oh but if it gets it wrong okay is your
character a girl as far as my own
there's a character live in America no
not yet
is your character famous because of
YouTube yes
is your character British no I have your
character you ever been to Sweden no
does your character have a dog no she
kept at I know your character I make
Minecraft videos no there's a cure
consistent yes - CAC - live in New
Zealand yes is your character linked to
My Little Pony Friendship is Magic no
you kept a single
why is it why is everything is that is
that just a known fact about me it is -
shroom I'm single
well I have you know I am but joelmeeker
II Oh they've used a photo from like
three years ago
I'm that famous guy is it a napkin guess
who I am
there's a Katy Perry at that I've been
meaning to use I think that's it thing
that's it for my cell phone I hope you
liked that video guys my phone is kind
of boring I very rarely use my phone as
you can tell by my thirty-one unread
text messages but if you like this video
yeah if you didn't and I'm just really
trying to post once a week sometimes the
content will be like it was boring but
next week it will be pin it you know you
want to spread out the good content and
the bear content because I am their
professional okay I'm gonna go now
I've got a cheerleading competition to
go watch okay see you guys later
also I wrote a book if you want to check
it out I'll put a link down below okay
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I could change my wage get it
time to show what we each do caustic
above a Samba we need to screw logic
Russian crazy where's the new normal of
the world is Jamie's you can't blame a
kiss I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it in a replay be an idiot
wrapping a cruelest ruin like a baby's
little freakin in almost a like
