hi guys I am on a one of those board
things with the wheels it Hebron today
person seems to have anyway I'm blaming
on because I'm nervous because I decided
to go to Spooky's tonight Spooky's is
like eternal Clint and use like a half
an hour drive out to this mental
hospital and you have to like walk
through it and like people ski it's like
a haunted house but it's almost once a
video by the way we just asked if we
could film there thank you very much and
um yeah so I get scared really easily if
you watch a few book if you follow me on
instagram you'll see that I posted a
video of my friend literally from me
walking here from this room to the
carpark she's gave me like four times
and I got a fright every time there's
like a student like noise that when you
like yell at me I like jump every time
so we're going to train myself to not be
scared before going to spook us because
I'm going to die like I'm literally
gonna die
so yeah I was thinking about bringing my
board wheel thing to two speakers and
gliding away but they said no so okay
sure you start okay the training begins
now
hahaha ah stop stop okay stop
what do they do you scared me and I got
a fright
it's fuck water all over myself thank
you very much yeah I'm so nervous I'm so
nervous it's ridiculous
last times it was quite money tiny noise
shows it won't get dirty because I like
to have my kicks fresh yep look at that
knee I'll heat it up and then someone
come skiers having them and then I'll
get to the salt next up on Jamie's field
prison I'm gonna apologize now for any
profound language setting right where's
our friend I guess so he's this is my
friend Breanna by the way still skiing
Oh that training was for no reason I'm
gonna die I'm going
can we got up oh I'm so scared
am i training for no reason
oh my god you made it through it right
down you see it's all great
you Hadley in Dachau Mongol it easy
you're right yeah just as sure as a
number one shuts off hi hi hi no you
look like one ring facilities are God my
dad
- isn't my face very attraction for me
just in the first one and I was pretty
scary
and we've resorted to of us people I
don't go back but like you have to be
one of the other
I'm shooting and then very cottagey oh
my god
oh my god
yeah
we're about to go into the forest which
is the one I was treating this is like
chainsaws and it's really dark we have
this but um that's it I'm really like I
don't like she comes out of BEC now
Oh
No Oh
oh there's agents given you just I feel
like a private investigator
what's wrong
no I'm on it every on you watch whoa
this is my friend what's your name it is
his name
and I think keys
you know he's gonna eat me he's gonna
kill me oh my god okay so all my
training really paid off
I want to skin it all I'm real tough and
I agree I'm gonna go check in rim zest
into the video I hope you guys liked it
I did it turns out the wrong side of the
bed is the right side get other bed on
the left and I smile wide because I know
I'm gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
above a Samba we need to screw logic
legend crazy where's the new normal of
the world is Jamie's you can't blame a
kiss I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
wrap in a cruller screaming like a
rabbit reach you're breaking it almost
even like you
