hi hello how you doing huh I'm really
tired at the moment so it's not as I say
something dumb because I am tired yeah
we'll go with that excuse basically what
this video is about is my book just
arrived so if I meet or not I just for a
book I'm not Joss I've been working out
for a couple months and I've just been
sent the final like hard copy and so I'm
gonna open it and see what it's like
here we go
holy cow it's a real thing I can't touch
it and grab it
they already kind of copies I've seen so
far it's just kind of um pieces of paper
but this is like the jet look your hands
like me my story a little on it I have a
book hey I what everyone knows I have a
book ha ha a signed copy this is so
exciting
it's called they let me write a book
because I was like yelling at me write a
book that's my cowboy hat I'd be happy
with a hole in the ground just make sure
there's a chapstick in there this is me
being really creative
it's got like drafts of like when I find
my videos Thunder I extreme mountain
bikes down the cliff and it's gone like
how I planned it oh my gosh this is so
embarrassing here this is like my 16th
birthday party
and I bought a lightsaber and they
knighted everyone like this lightsaber
because that's how cool I am anyway you
guys this is my book I am so excited
that
thank you so much because obviously
without you guys I wouldn't be able to
do cool things like this this is insane
I never thought I'd do this so thank you
so much thank you thank you and you can
go back I don't know what else to say
now I'm probably gonna you know this
post set then go to be it care where to
go actually make the clap make know be
text thanks for watching thank you so
much really appreciate I've got a book
oh my god what the he turns off the
wrong side of the bed is the right side
get her the bed of a left and I smile
wide just I know I'm gonna make this big
as the best of both worlds I could
change my wig get it time to show what
we each do Kosta Koufos probably need to
screw logic question crazy is the new
normal of the world as jamie's you can't
blame HS i can't be lame i'm just trying
to have fun keep it in a replate be an
idiot wrap in a crew to the stream in
like shrapnel
