it's been a while since I should be
making videos been really busy and just
kind of maybe not that busy but just
kind of struggling with video ideas I
mean like out of like the video zone so
I'm now back and I'm gonna be better
than ever
maybe we'll see also I bought one of
these these wait you're not the proper
internet person do you have one of these
I paid for it this is not a sponsored
video or anything favorite because I'm
an idiot I filmed a video of myself
trying to learn that I haven't edited it
yet cuz that's hard and I'm very good at
it so you want to see it let me give
this video a thumbs up oh I slipped that
in the other night we don't want to see
it give it thumbs up and they know it I
said cuz that's just so hot in it I'm so
bad with computers I break it and then
also gives you as in that laundry but if
you want to check them out I'll put a
link down below and that's enough self
promo for either I also have a book
coming out links in the description
about that I mean you're wondering what
this video is gonna be about if you
can't tell by the title it's about
snapchat so snapchat enemies like new
like cool little filter animated face
things but I'm absolutely rubbish with
them if you follow me on vine you'll see
that I posted a couple on there and you
guys seem to like themselves I'm a favor
to him you don't listen like a wait so I
don't know what the filters are okay
I'm wetting out little bubbles from my
mouth can I eat the fish no look at you
my neighbor's definitely hate me so if
you wanna join me on snapchat it's just
Janie curry that's my name I am
good-looking what what and there's no
filter I forgot to click on the filter
why isn't it lined up probably
I didn't like that one what I do when
your mom says dinner's ready and you
come mom sighs dinner's ready so you
come down the stairs and it's not even
ready I'm so mad
my mum just hits me she could pick up my
angel this I've taken that boxing as a
new hobby myelin wine wine to fine-tune
and then she's like why do you very like
135 6 2 x 3 12 1 1 once again give it a
thumbs up if you want to see me right
I'm literally pinned down I'm pinned
down I'm finding on the ground
if you want to see me learning try then
give this a thumbs up um yeah ones and
twos at the same time turns off the
wrong side of the bed is the right side
get her the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
it's the best of both worlds I can
changed my wig get it time to show what
we used to call stick above a Samba
needs you screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal of the world
ashamed
you can't blame me because I can't be
lame I'm just trying to have fun keeping
at every plate be an idiot rapping a
crew to the streaming like a rabbit
you're breaking it almost like it smooth
