oh very down in between oh you can tell
by the time of this video Lord stole my
line
how did she steal my line now I'm going
to tell you some good people of the New
Zealand community came together and said
let's make a song to help the All Blacks
win the World Cup and also ways ways hey
raise awareness for bad disease so what
they did is they got together a bunch of
gorillas top like seniors basically um
and then put some reason me yes so I was
there too so each other sort of went
into the boughs and sang their thing and
then it was my turn
don't make the microphone and I'm like
sick I'm gonna kill this and I sung my
mind his ears a rendition of how how it
went okay Jamie this here try into the
other person a ball play thing um yeah
that was great
I can we just hear it oh you want me to
do it again yeah yeah we just do it
again that'd be really really good a
little bit me to this time as well yeah
Jamie
oh that was great it was really really
good don't like the mic I think next
time okay sorry
okay here we go try it again and do the
other something maje then um yeah Jamie
if we could just do that again um
there's a little bit better you know
just better than bigger than that just
little bit edgy pitchy pull the pitch
shame in so they loved it basically and
then I was like sick I'm killing
let's take it up a notch and I was like
I'm going to remix a little bit so then
i remixed it I found that one that one
went through my body they were
absolutely blown away absolutely by the
way I killed it I came out of that booth
like yeah oh man good I don't know I
salmon like a 14 year old male on
steroids if we're almost cheering if I
was like yeah Jamie you the best I mean
they weren't but up here I think they
were all thinking it but that's that's
another story about two weeks later they
were like okay we're going to have the
premiere of this like music video it's
like a 15-minute clip so it's got a
story and stuff and in the song at the
end and I was like oh my god I was so
excited to see my line in there I can't
wait to see my step up on that big
screen singing my heart out comes to my
line and leaves Lord in my in my spot so
I have my friends they mixed me and I
was like this is my path this is racing
and boom Lord ah not me
Oh Lord ah pretty head that was my line
yeah that was that was my line Lord of
you watching this
singing that song that is my line it's
funny how that time the heavy replace
did you think I wouldn't see the
premiere at the movies me
oh yay
but if I'm going to get like absolutely
personal with it I think I am a bit of
singer you know at the end of the day
who is the real winner here the one with
the granny or the one with more Facebook
Likes I think we all know the answer to
that shams going to check she may have
overtaken me I'm going Emily only six
point five that's cute you know come at
me when you have ten Miller Lord ha
if you're watching this I ended up
making the end of the video adds a
little a groove with the little sign
that's the story of how Lord stole my
line
yeah I'm sorry I'd cut I hope you
enjoyed this video um I was just messing
around I really and not cut it all that
my line was taken out of the song
seriously um if you want to check the
actual video out I'll put the link in
here is a song in this like the 15
minute one you can choose make sure you
actually in because that is my part also
if you want to buy the song on iTunes
I'll put that in the box sink down the
bottom to please do buy it for a really
good cause and I'm really honored to
just even be a part of this project
that's video for this week I hope we had
a good time watching it if not I'm sorry
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left that I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds like I changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Koufos
probably need to screw logic let's get
crazy we is the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it at a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew screamin like a crab every Jew
is freaking in almost akin like it's not
the people
