hi I I write things okay I ride bikes
scooters skateboards tricycles unicycles
you know anything with wheels I think
I'd give it a go dose a scooter yeah I'm
really good that ya came out of my
mother's room on a bike little baby back
she citizen hurts that's fine
I think I'm fun I'm pretty adventurous I
sort of put content on the internet
really that encourages people to be like
me because I'm perfect and also I want
to paper box so people can see myself
basically I'm just gonna ride my bike
down this hill over here yeah it's gonna
be starting somewhere up there the top
here you get a few Pullman over there
yeah there and then ending somewhere
down there yeah so I mean someone's got
to do it turns out it's me so can't you
just digitally put me in there I mean I
was just asking I mean I'll do it like
this whatever I don't care
just to see if there's an option gonna
go through first can you just see yeah
got it
good hold on yes um did we have a lot of
trouble with that not me though
yeah not me though got it
the trick is this kind of down there and
I'm I'm gonna what she's like except
there's are some cows on the the track
yeah so I'm just gonna go give them away
oh excuse me I have to do it justifying
stuck so if you could just back it up
that's really good
that one has horns it's you're sitting
really big
they both have what they all have Gordon
counterpoint make sure I'm is this one
on how do I know if this one's on think
it's on okay
how was that pretty good pretty happy
birthday Ashley um bit of a bummer about
the hill there but you know I hope you
liked this week's video um it was a
little bit different than what I'm used
to um if you liked it and want me to do
it again give it a thumbs up I'm gonna
go wrist and pace now because I'm
exhausted
okay yep good turns off the wrong side
of the bed is the right side get her the
bed on the left and I smile wide because
I know I'm gonna make this big is the
best of both worlds I can changed my wig
get it time to show what we each do
caustic whip up a Samba we need to screw
logic let's get crazy me as the new
normal like the world is Jamie's you
can't blame me cuz I can't be lame I'm
just trying to have fun keeping it on
replay be an idiot wrapping a cruelest
ruin like a little freaky mental mistake
