if you're watching this now and you
haven't seen part one click here and you
can see it otherwise I'm not going to
bore you with an intro
off the plane and on the bus and they
gave us a lift out and I think that's
great
finally arrived at the hotel and now we
are all kind of close so I have terrible
listening skills and basically before we
went to the cooking class the chief took
us to a market and what he did there
which he just showed us how to pick out
food that you need to use to cook and
here it is
we're about to be on the plus side the
sunset looks really cool so the cooking
class was sick sick
shaaka what but then after we got to
like these lanterns you know I can have
some music go to how they like it the
golf course and they looked Elaine
himself
I've always wanted to do that and then
we finally got to do it so
I'm sorry so we've got a challenge in
the market I'm still not sure what it is
so basically what you saw there was a
week before I was on tour and I had
sprained my ankle and then when I went
to Asia it was it was getting better but
it was still sore
actually the first day I got into
Bangkok I kept an old lady I was in a
dairy and I turned around and it's me
and just knocked out but anyways I went
across the road I started running and I
just kind of rolled it funny way and it
was the worst timing ever because the
challenge involved running
Halla for my separate challenge JC won
the challenge cause he stirs like a lady
ally did really well totally rocks the
catwalk I'm just trying to go to beard
but I can't find the light switch I kind
of like turn the lights off and I feel
like an idiot
the light switch was on the phone and
trained my everybody we got up early the
next morning I think it was like 5:00
a.m. and we went to go feed the monks
and that basically sums up Chiang Mai I
don't even think we were there 24 hours
once again if you want to know any other
music that I use it will be in the
description don't know you can see me
but they seem that the video I'll see
you next week this time this place this
good ending
yeah turns out the wrong side of the bed
is the right side geta the bed of a left
and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can changed my wage get it time
to show what we each do caustic above a
Samba we need to screw logic Russian
crazy where's the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame a kiss
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a crew to the screaming like a baby's
yours little pregnant almost and like
it's nothing
