just before we start this video I'm down
to this like DJ yet and I wanted to show
you it in my safe man what's up welcome
to this week's video or two weeks I
don't know mama slap someone posted a
video I didn't know basically last night
I just got back from Sydney why I was
idea I don't know if you followed me on
Twitter and Instagram two ways you would
know that I was there for the new Disney
Cinderella movie premiere it was like
hey we want to fly you in a friend over
to come to the premiere of course I said
yes
why would I say no I'm like so this is
the story of Jamie and Cinderella the
friend on the way to go makeup done
right now and in party time we are lost
and we can't find the makeup lights she
took us in no one
the moon she took us in the wrong
direction she's actually being so rude
and I'm sick of it
we found it okay now I got my makeup
done with waiting for Laura she's like I
had a lot more work to go than me I was
already fallen now we're gonna go back
to the hotel and uh I don't know I'm
just chill we're all ready and raced and
ready to go the premiere right I look
like a successful businesswoman I'm
kidding I'm here now on the blue carpet
Jamie's up that's me we don't know what
we're doing is important people
everywhere and we're just like hey
what's up
they cool when they kind of sneer they
like staying here too the whole time
Lynch is here is like security to run
you're gonna do
and it's raining this is afrin neck
just just freaking out a little bit okay
i just wondering if you could just say
hello oh hi oh I really don't like with
myself
no Nathan I guess me okay and she was
really lovely so I think we're gonna get
inside hopefully constraining to watch
the movie
this is so random he was the last person
to arrive and she came over and the
layers that I would you like to talk to
Kate and I was that
and then Kate was like I was like hi I
make videos on the internet cuz you say
hello so yeah I didn't make it take
myself at all that's Kate was then we
went in and watched the movie and the
movie oh I love a good like romance and
like fairytale and you have to go say it
was really good I really really enjoyed
and I was like funny as well like I
found myself laughing out loud a lot it
was really good I don't really know what
else to say cuz this is the into the
video and I don't really have anything
oh haha no I do if you don't know yet I
am going on tour in Australia with some
other youtubers that you may know I'll
put the links in the description and
everything for that so that will be cool
I'm actually so excited to meet you guys
I've only ever had one meeting great
months before my life and it was so fun
that's it for this video it's really hot
in this room I'm gonna go before I pass
out and I'm actually quite hungry so
yeah bye turns off the wrong side of the
bed is the right side into the bed on
the left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I get changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do kosta
koufos Oliver needs you screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame me cuz I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it at a replay
be an idiot
trapping a crew - screaming like a baby
freaking into mistake like it's nothing
