by the way did you get uncomfortable
when I'm singing into the lens because I
feel uncomfortable for that kid at a
party it's like that weird one this
song's on and they're just staring at
you and they're just like singing the
lyrics of the song light into your soul
in your life
so I've just finished high school
whoa-ho I'm super old and literally
still feel like nine years old I thought
I'd do a video sort of like by things I
miss about high school and five things I
hate it or disliked or just won't mess
about in high school because there are
many things but there are things that I
miss so yeah let's uh let's do that huh
yeah what do that five things that I
almost about high school ah one my
friends being forced to see me five
times oh eight times on the weekends I'm
like hey let's hang out and they're like
um that's not so like they're forced to
see me you know at school - yeah - I
really like slight support stays we have
my ethics day and we have like
cross-country and swing sports and
that's just fun because like you know
you have to run and run but like I'm
gonna say like a hundred times in this
video and just deal with it
this looks like a chill day just no work
and hang out with your friends sorry
I'll miss being cheeky I was a bit of a
handful at school I was never like rude
or like naughty or like anything but
like I would be quite cheeky and joke
around a lot with the teachers I drove
them insane
teto I got I told one of my teachers
that I was getting it just like does
your mum know and I was like no and she
said well I feel like I should tell her
and I was like if you tell her I'll get
your name tattooed on me she didn't say
anything else
I was like I don't know I was a bit
of a handful I was near a road always
respect your teachers they're like goo
educators the other one helping you but
I was a little bit shaky which is always
fun it was fun for me anyway number four
I just like the people like at my score
like a really small scope we're under
300 I think
whoo that some of you American schools
are like 2,000 kids that blows my mind I
can't I can't do it that everyone sort
of was like just really nice it ask
someone in there be happy to help you or
like if you alone there that people
would help you out and I just I liked it
it was like we're on like our own little
community that was so dramatic and last
but not least number five I will miss
the school uniform I love school uniform
I just like unreal my blades that made
me feel real like but this is seeing
that smart and cool yeah so I'm gonna
miss the uniform
I just feel educated and I don't know it
like I'm doing something with my anyway
that's enough about the good stuff let's
get to their beds number one I will not
miss their homework I hate homework so
it's like you go to school flex six
hours a day or a score was like six and
a half hours yes six and a half hours
come home tumble at the school we expect
your study for three hours when you get
home I would get home at like 4:30 then
they would want me to study for three
hours which is semen 30 you know what I
kind of see where they want us to say I
don't know what four plus three is so no
study I hated homework
I never do it but I hated it I mean do
your homework now don't waste time
number two I will not miss getting up
early I you safe to get up at ha +6 and
I could be on tumblr to like 3 o'clock
in the morning and then I'm like I have
like 3 hours to sleep why did I do that
they treat us like children but then
expect us to act like adults when I
don't like student rooms of the school
by ourselves without adult supervision
but then if we're doing something silly
they were like you're adults it's normal
and it would just really confused me
because I'm like what do you want me to
do but I would just be a child anyway
incident matter for if we were
complaining about how many like tests we
had and how busy be busy how busy we
were they would always say oh wait till
you get into the real world I'm sorry
it's the world I'm living in now not
real know when you're like said about
something and they're like oh it could
be worse yeah probably could be but you
know the last thing I won't mess about
high school number by pointless rows I
think every school has like these
pointless roles was freezing Oscar
wouldn't he butter honey I don't know
cuz I could cost money but it'd be
freezing it would be bringing up rapper
junkets inside and they'll be like take
those off and we're like how do you want
us to focus when we're like freezing
i-ight that rule was always weird but
then again maybe that's just me being a
complete teenager complaining about
every single thing in my life I speak of
people who live in the real world thing
that's the video for this week I hope
you guys liked it by the way I've been
nominated for an occluding kids twist
Awards so thank you very much I'm I'm up
against Troye Sivan so the nomination
was nice thank you very much and another
surprise Evan Coker let's go to be
nominated say thank you very much I'll
put the link if you want to vote for me
but we all know you gotta vote for Troy
so that's okay I even I'm better petroi
so don't worry about it
I hope also a quick announcement for you
Australian people I'm going on tour with
people like Twitter vine and Connor
Franta and things like that and I'm so
excited that links are in the
description you get a chance to like
meet us you know I didn't want to make
any of you but I said oh if I have to so
you know I'll be doing that no but I'm
so excited to finally meet you guys live
on ham I had one matron great and it was
so fun and I really enjoyed it I really
want to see you guys again
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do cost equip up a
Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy where's the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me if I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to streaming like it's
breaking in almost like it's
