but not too much maybe just enough I
can't really go hi guys welcome to this
week's video it's been like two weeks
since my last video so this two week's
video but this is funny stuff I made it
genius so for this week's video I
thought I would do the whisper challenge
I normally avoid these kind of videos I
don't know why I just I feel like mine
will be worse than other peoples but
that's okay so that's we're gonna do
we're gonna do the rest of channel this
is lovely by the way just hi guys you
may have seen her on Instagram I'm kind
of obsessive she's got six questions and
I've got six Christians let's um let's
just start and I've got these headphones
as well I got given these and they're
golden white they look pretty pimp
better you can hear me okay but you
heard me the first question what is your
favorite Justin Bieber song a
cheeseburger I said what is your
favorite Justin Bieber song oh into a
cheeseburger I don't know that song what
is the name you were given when you were
born blue and that was Lily oh I thought
you telling about a pearl what colors
the boat was all day no no no you know
they're wrong okay any decision what was
the last book you read James James out
is that a book
ha I see what was the last book you read
missing what was the last thing you
bought you start yeah do you like
farming do you like what I'm wearing
I like wire yeah but eat don't eat a lot
would you have a term she goes why are
you in running gear do you know the
muffin man do you know the muffin man I
love
gosh favorite song at the moment while
the Penguins and then it's on favorite
song at the moment lo oh what's your
favorite lollies the penguin anything
fun wallet nah I'll just do one but what
is your favorite piece of clothing to
wear Joey carry Oh
um what's your favorite person in the
world oh thank you
stop it but you don't need to sign up
you already enough a lot of you guys
know that I have an iPhone 6-plus I
correct it don't know if you can see
that easy it what color is your here
um look no sour snakes I thought I said
what I always do like I said what color
is your hair what two elements make up
water
I don't wakeboard what do you like most
about wakeboarding I said what two
elements make up water oxygen and I just
yeah who has won the most Oscars Oh
Obama mmhmm that's right that's correct
the critter who has won the most Oscars
Oscars can you touch your nose with your
tie
I am Winston Churchill can you touch
your nose with your tongue
tell me you what I wanna do in which
country two men use the most deodorant
does the Winston Churchill like coffee I
don't know I didn't know him how many
toys do you have a lot close wonder how
many toys do you have a lot what did you
say how many toys dear Allah team I
thought we said how much chocolate do
you know that's it alcohol he's gonna
say none because but is it over lets us
within it okay you name it in farms no
one is actually expert um make sure you
turn the next week for my video or you
can't promise XY tune in the next four
weeks for my new video
I got over shade okay so I
since when do I end with a clap below by
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed or the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big as the best of all
I can change my wig get it time to show
what we each do caustic whoever Samba we
need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun
keeping it a replay be an idiot rap in a
cruiser screamin like a crybaby it was
breaking in almost akin like it's
nothing
