Hey hi guys welcome to this week's video
I'm sorry I'm going to hit school now
and it's such a house by finished really
really soon and then I will be getting
videos up more regularly I say that but
I don't know I will be next year I am
kicking into it like I've got it all
sorted out by trembling and clamming and
I've got it sorted guys I'm gonna stick
with the whole Halloween thing man I'm
gonna make a Halloween mask out of
kitchen substances objects equipment mmm
I did go on the pantry and it's got all
this stuff I could find but literally I
could find was like tomato sauce my
mother doesn't like to go shopping very
often so I had to go down to the
supermarket and I don't even know that
says there lay nothing in this pile I
like I guess this is kind of gonna be
like a makeup tutorial but uh kitchen
face makeup tutorial just like every
other one of my videos I'm just gonna
wing it
so let's zoom
I think we should stop okay like a base
coat maybe okay I've got some honey some
avocado cuz I eat it good for your skin
and I make sure I don't I had a
approached and avocado
smells like grass sama Nutella don't
hate me but I don't actually like
Nutella yes it looks disgusting and I
was gonna mix up this awesome mixture no
even this hmm
I know and a bit of shell in there too
because I can't crack it
put some mustard anywhere around
actually now I need to apply it to the
face okay
aha brilliant Oh brilliant
this is disgusting and I'm getting me a
bruit next up we're gonna put that aside
now that we've got my face covered and
we're gonna get right in there with some
ham
Lane you're then on nice and set just to
give that real ham look that everyone's
going for this Halloween but it smells
so bad
no it's a good beige color in your hand
sticks to your face pink salmon I
thought we could use to know to
highlight my face
it's not even pink not I can't did it I
can't with in my face Oh No get out
sorry I can't do that
yeah I might pass out I'm good what
we're gonna do next is
put some mayonnaise on my eyebrows
eyebrows are the most important thing
ladies and getting them even as a hell
of a mission using this product here oh
that's nice so then if you haven't
noticed by now
I am so fussy with food I'm gonna do is
we're just gonna apply that to the brow
and you tell I turn the little friend
my hand is going off base coat don't
fail me now
help mustard believe it or not as the
key to the whole thing dead before head
if you if you wish now the last thing is
you need a lot don't even think she's
gonna porn him out mmm-hmm I'm gonna
party one out I don't you know what you
don't need blood oh I hope you enjoy
this week's video and I'll have another
one sometime I hope you guys some good
tips for Halloween baby I'm sorry
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile why because I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I get changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic whip up
a Samba we need to screw logic let's you
crazy where's the new normal of the
world is Jamie's you can't blame a kiss
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to the stream in like frickin
almost like
