hey how you doing I'm in Melvin whoa
whoo now I sometimes miss videos and um
that's the thing normally cuz I'm away
like I am now and I thought you know
what why don't I just film what I
actually do a lot of my time is spent by
myself in hotel rooms like I am now you
guys don't actually get to see how
boring it is so I thought I just turn my
camera on and use you guys for my own
benefit so I am NOT bored I hope you're
okay with that cuz I might go with that
so I'm just gonna show you around let's
do this there anything else I can show
you without actually having to stand up
TV ever Martin mmm-hmm it likes dr. oz
do you like dr. oz fashion secrets that
was lame this is the view from my hotel
that's my fee microwave drunk nuts tap
to the lamp that took me like half an
hour to figure out how to turn off this
is my suitcase um yep this is me I think
this looks like an ostrich and that kind
of looks like if ostrich trying to kill
you it's my bees I am TV and welcome to
my crib no it's not gonna show me what's
under some music
so I guess that's really it I hope it
wasn't too boring
because I was bored it's starting to
rain so that sucks and I gotta be out of
the hotel at 1211 I had a blast in
Melbourne Thank You Melbourne for having
me I'll see you next week
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Koufos
Albany to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun
keeping it a replate be an idiot rap in
a crew to the streaming lights thread
