hi I'm sorry I missed last week's video
I'm actually does got back from Sydney I
was there at the Google offices like
learning about like YouTube and stuff a
little bit busy hammer ons like Saturday
and I was like I meant for just like to
choose their to upload the next video so
here I am
oh and there's room as you can tell by
the title of this YouTube video I got
lost in Sydney and I'm gonna tell you
about that story but first I need to do
a quick thank you well I was the way
someone hit me then somehow they found
my dress but that's okay it's a painting
of me playing suffer I'm the back it
says I Jamie I really like watching your
videos they make my day I hope you like
my painting of you playing soccer love
Cordia adding I thought it deserved at
least a shout out in the video because
look at it back to the story I was at
the group of officers from about 9 to 5
and after 5 they lead us run free so I
went back to the hotel with my agent and
I decided I'd go out shopping I didn't
tell her I was just like ah she's
probably like busy doing stuff so I
decided to go out to the wilderness I'm
not really wilderness Sydney's buildings
I'm still the road all the shops Ron was
the same road that my hotel was on I was
like cow just down this road and I could
just walk up and down and you know find
my way back easily I decided to just go
down like this Ellie way it wasn't an
Ellie way it was like a side street
wouldn't know cars were that down it but
like there were shops all down it I say
I'm just sort of walking further down
this alleyway thing and most of the
shops are shutting so I was like ok I'll
go back to my hotel now and so I turned
around and I saw this guy like showing
these gates to this mall I was in the
mall before and basically you can just
cut straight through it and you'll come
out the other side to where the road is
now that I'll go through the air was
shutting the gate so I was like I sneak
under so I sort of just walked under he
smiled at me like low you sneaky sneaky
Bureau there's women small and I go down
these stairs and I'm like okay I'm gonna
come out the other side you mean time
soon now and I keep walking and keep
been walking and there's no other side I
was like I can't turn around the guy
shut the door they locked you can I just
to keep keep on keepin on turns out it's
not a mole it's a train station house
kibbles leaders keep walking and I was
the only one hitting my direction if her
an out this is coming like in waves so
this way and I was like oh my god like
what do I do
inside keep walking and I keep me
walking and I'm like okay no here's the
exit note wasn't a next said it was more
stairs going down so I get to the end of
this more tunnel thing and I can't the
other side and I have no idea where I am
I didn't recognize any of the buildings
it's just buildings in Napier we don't
have any buildings like taller than like
two stories so these these buildings
like 20 storeys and I was like I was
like I'll go live so I started to walk
lift and I'm walking I'm walking and
walking yeah I'm gonna have to ask
someone I have no idea where I am so I
got to sledding excuse me do you know
where the UH English mmm she freaking
speak English I mean it's not her fault
I mean obviously but in the mean time I
had these coins in my pocket and like I
hate coins so those are understood on
the side of the road rather Arquette
I'll give you some coins so I get all my
coins I put him in his own hat and he
goes thank you ma'am have a good night
that was my Charlene xn that was that
was really bad okay good he speaks like
English she sings pretty no and I was
like excuse me sir do you know we that
like this hotel is yeah you gotta hear
back down that way this patina I'm doing
a really gonna show you the next thing
and he says hit down that way and so I'm
walking walking walking and I realize
I'm kind of getting further away from
where I need to be I don't want to go
I'll jump in a taxi and I say here take
me this place and off we go
so I got to open the taxi door and it's
locked and I knock on the window the guy
widens down the window and he goes sorry
I'm done for the night okay that's fine
could you please tell me where the Ibis
Hotel is and he goes watch one there are
three there are three different Ibis
hotels in Sydney that's just my luck I
couldn't remember whereabouts the hotel
was if by that I'm the bridge and
there's another hotel next to it and he
goes like the building nice works like
this and then this like the bridge with
like the flags I mean there's like a
bunch of wrist shot
there's like water and hmm there's like
an old boat it's like a restaurant and
then there's like the museum and the
aquarium and stuff and he goes oh
darling harbour yeah he'd straight down
that way and I'm walking walking walking
and I say this building that has like
these tiles on it and I'm like I
recognise those tiles that was by
Topshop and disobey the direction the
Taoiseach driver gave me and I turned
right and I just start running I need to
run and get my ass out of there because
I am gonna die otherwise I can come here
like whistles like time I can get no
what you can't no stop
I'm gonna run so if you saw some girl
running down the street and said me it
was probably me and you probably
wondering why him he just takes you a
gent well my phone didn't work in Sydney
anyway so I finally make it back to my
hotel and that was my story of being in
the big city it was way because I've
never been lost before like in make it
if you're lost you're not lost don't
listen and don't think you're Dora the
explora can go exploring in the big city
because you'll get lost and you wind up
running around crying and that's the
video for this week I hope it wasn't too
boring
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile why because I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I could change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
above a Samba we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
if the world is Jamie's you can't blame
me cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun keep it at a replay be an
idiot rap in a crew screaming like a
baby no mistake
