my house is a different color Wow you
leave home your house is one color you
come home and it's a different color
when you get back yeah it's amazing how
life was met okay so we are in the car
hopefully it is filming and so let's um
dry Punk a be driving to school for
about a month now indicators would be
nice
please jeez at the people that get their
license like it's unbelievable like this
country drivers out there
it had their license
go the speed limit oh my god if it's 50k
go 50k don't go 40k honestly you've run
the node-red paths it's like oh my god
it's Jamie's world they hold it and like
they don't show it see that guy there he
was freaking out he was freaking out
that I was drunk parts I will never let
you down like you up in my closet
maybe I guess I thought they'd see
movies and honest I don't know where I'm
going I'm sitting this blow and I
shouldn't be a rapper because I can't
rap crap that was good actually
I go to the gym sometimes but better if
you go to the gym is the subway right
next to the gym so you don't is going to
stop or anything going home yeah so this
has been colony for Kota Barnum freaking
it okay yeah that car is differently
following me no way they keep coming
this way they pull with the paparazzi
get pretty intense you know but follow
me home is something new level come on
man not
therefore oh my god they differently
following me they shouldn't be coming on
this road and I don't recognize this
person part nation oh no you are no I
don't know I don't know why are you
coming down this road beat the cake no
no no guys you need to call the police
I really should be playing at solving
the guy painting our house is right
there that's really
it's embarrassing when you get the words
wrong I know the song
I just forgot the word that's the video
for today I hope you liked it if you
didn't let me know because I want to it
again ever
are we still recording hope so turns off
the wrong side of the bed is the right
side get her the bed on the left and I
smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna make
this big it's the best of both worlds I
can changed my wig get it time to show
what we each do caustic reverb Istanbul
we need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't play me cuz I can't be
lame I'm just trying to have fun keeping
it on replay be an idiot rap in a crew
clear streaming like it's rabbit meat
you're breaking into Mustang like it's
nothing
