hi my name is Jamie and welcome to my
world
hi nothing I love you last week I didn't
do a video I figured if I didn't
acknowledge that I didn't do a video
that wait like you guys wouldn't notice
you noticed I'm not very good at time
management and I was reading a really
good book and I lost track of time
anyway back to the actual point of this
video last week I went to an early
screening of The Fault in Our Stars if
you read the book and you're cried over
it you're gonna cry ten times more once
you see the movie it was so good and so
ripped your heart out put it on a table
smack it with a hammer
Chow ate it and then did something else
for that and then chopped it up again
and then put it back in your chest and
that's how my heart feels I went with my
good friend Jamie McDowell and we had a
guy follow us for the camera that kind
of followed us so I'm gonna shut up and
I'm just gonna let you watch what that
guy captured
just a little bit generating like us we
kind of know what's gonna happen really
seems that different though my whole
world is changed and one - never felt so
dis and my thoughts and miles are lit
and the story is brought to life trash
my pride cuz we're burnin out tonight
and it's very killing me
I was trying to absently
every
so there was me watching the folder now
stars I think the movie comes out the 26
or 25th of June I'm not good with
numbers
speaking of numbers I hit 1 million
subscribers on YouTube
why ice we already had like 700,000 and
someone treated me Jaime you hit 1
million subscribers and I was like why
you stupid but no they were correct so
we thank you for 1 million subscribers I
see some other youtubers when they had a
moan subscribers they do like a video
I'm not sure what to do so if you have
any suggestions I comment and tell me
what you want me to do I think that's
all there is to live the Bluebird
I'm rambling so I'm just gonna say have
a good day night morning review us and
spread happiness and joy and butterflies
turns off the wrong side of the bed as
the right side get o the bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big is the best of both worlds
I can change my waves get it time to
show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy where's the new normal like
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at every plate be an
idiot wrap in a crew to the streaming
like it
