current mood rainbow cloud hi guys and
welcome to this week's video was that a
really awesome not awkward entrance or
what this week's video is 100 facts
about me because who doesn't want to
know 100 facts about someone probably
not you guys but I'm gonna do it anyway
so I'm just gonna dive that was me
diving right into it so my full name is
Jamie Marie Curie I have a cat named
spook believe it or not I'm 70 this is
my face when eating something Salwa
something that it every single time I
Kraken II no doubt a bit of a shower
will follow people make me nervous
I can never spell literally or
definitely right open-toed shoes make me
nervous I have to sleep with socks on I
live in New Zealand I've never dyed my
hair I don't like it when people spell
my name well after I wear a pair of
shoes I have to clean them afterwards
sometimes I just stand in front of the
mirror and I'll just let sink whatever
song is playing
actually put a few Banga Banga Banga
bang
I claim my phone every single night
before I got a beer just do a lot of
cleaning in general I used to have an
obsession with magic like so you've got
a coin and then all you got to do is
make it disappear oh you can see what I
gave up I can ride a unicycle
I don't like french toast I don't like
it when people touch my hair chickens
break me out the color white makes me
feel relaxed I've had 17 Easter's and I
get confused what David's on every
single year I get confused very easily
fizzy drink or the Americans call it
soda makes me dizzy h2o is the way to go
being barefoot makes me feel naked if I
step into the early hours of the morning
cooking to you I like you I could live
off cereal for the rest of my life I
never called a teacher mom I don't
understand how people do that my last
name is Carrie but I don't like Carrie
we surprise of many people think their
original when they asked me that
question the first thing I notice about
someone is their hands or their eyes
I really wish strawberries grow all year
round bacon and eggs and my favorite
thing for breakfast lunch and dinner
I wash my hands way too much and my mom
tells me I do this thing where oh this
is what summer like way too much and
then I end up hating it I watch random
YouTube tutorials and reviews when I'm
bored for fun I have to have a shower
before I go to bed and I can hear people
showing why they're eating I have to
leave the room I don't have a favorite
color if you ask about my favorite movie
is my mind goes blank of every single
movie I ever watched just I really like
flying kites I'm a friend like time to
day time but color yellow makes me smile
really creepy smile
are you uncomfortable the color orange
makes me feel weird
I hate knowing I didn't try my best I
wish I had a larger vocabulary I tell
people I don't need to write it down
I'll remember it and I forget it every
single time without fail I have a 2:00
a.m. playlist on my phone I don't like
getting outside
I avoid eating with my hands at all
costs if you ever good for children I'll
marry you right then and there I still
have no idea what the f1 f2 and so on
keys are all on the keyboard I have an
unhealthy obsession with a lot of people
I sleep like a burrito people in masks
make me anxious I stay up way too late
every night and regret it every single
one I was really scared of Pinocchio
when I was younger I loved keeping up
the Kardashians I love all types of
people and I love hearing about having a
look at the world but a dressing gown
was called a greasing ground and to us
about 14 homework is my enemy I like to
think I have an undiscovered superpower
I like really cheesy things not like
Jersey Pizza but like cheesy pick-up
lines and cheesy sayings and it's just
anything cheesy I I don't understand why
people bake things and then they put
coconut on it like it was a perfectly
good brownie and then you ruined it by
putting coconut on it when I was taught
my art teacher thought I was a boy and
he wrote hay all over my report card I
don't like it when you ask is what
they're okay and they say they're fine
but you can see that they're not it's
like I can't help you if you don't tell
me what's wrong please tell me it woke
my door when you come into my bedroom
and dog shut it when you leave I will
serve I love people watching I don't
like the rain but I like that after the
rain I wear glasses when I read the
texture of jelly makes me uncomfortable
I don't think I could pick a favorite
movie I just really love watching movies
Disney movies are the best kind of
movies I'd rather be too cold than too
hot but I'm addicted to Twitter
listening to me that cheers me I once
win 26 hours of that sleep my favorite
word is sunshine
I haven't even BEC sold since I was ten
years old I once got stuck in a cage see
meters in the air
and I was not moving I thought they were
going to get the helicopter to come get
me down I haven't gotten the Christian
describe yourself in one word how can
you describe anything with one word I
faked being sick to get out of the lung
things one day I want to dance in the
rain I love American accent I take my
picture promises very seriously I still
can't get over this guy's face like how
do you look like that he looks like an H
the first thing I do when I wake up as I
check my Twitter I could listen to
Terrace with all day no matter what mood
Amanda don't like cooked carrots
I have tomato sauce on everything
there's a pin in my hand I'll probably
end up drawing on myself I live for the
acoustic versions of songs I wish I was
mysterious but I am just an open book
what you say is what you get I have this
box in my room and nobody knows what
something I love talking to little kids
I really want to go to digitise but they
weren't reply to my emails so or did you
face if you watching this reply to my
emails I have a bad habit of showing my
pians I have to sleep in a my beard in
fact 100 embarrassing myself is a daily
thing for me so those are 100 facts
about me I apologize for the lighting
the Sun was going down so it kind of it
from like orange to like sort of a
darker kind of color so sorry if you
learn to fact about me that you didn't
know already give this video a thumbs up
and if you didn't learn anything
then I'm very concerned but until next
week I'll see you next week
I've really gotta work on the endings
I'm sorry I'm just really sorry
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the race I get it
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
whoever Samba we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame me cuz i can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot rap in a cruiser screamin
like a rabbit meet your little breaking
in almost akin like it's nothing people
