can you even see me I feel very washed
out like I know I'm pale but
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa oh the
phone hold this probably wondering what
that was
okay so I'll tell you what it was so in
about June I think it was I was a New
York LA and then I went to London I
think I posted on Instagram that I was
in London and that was at every word
studios any bromas like oh why you there
and I was like hey anyway make no so
basically in the film the greatest
showmen there's a song this is me and
they got a bunch of influences to come
come down to heavy heavy Road Studios
why not and record a line each with the
song so many people have recorded
they're like The Beatles I love the
Beatles so basically I was walking
around my kid was such this the Beatles
touch this oh they went here oh they
were here oh they did this he touch this
touch what is happening right now
so we get to the studio and all the
other influences of the earth so they
gave him my line and they put us all
into groups and they gave us a singing
coach and I was so nervous I'm in this
little room with all these singers in
like a professional coach and she's like
right deliver your line and I was like
oh so you know I sort of everyone look
at me like no I was like it's all I was
like oh I can do this it'll just be me
in the booth they'll be like a guy in
the thing doing the buttons but no hmm
no no it was in front of like I'd say
about a hundred people it was probably
only like 50 but we're gonna go with a
hundred and we're just in front of
everyone but I ended up delivering my
line we had to do it three three or four
times and each time I ha ah but it was
it was quite it was exciting though but
it was also kind of like a so then
finally they said you're good to go and
I was like yeah my singing career is
over
I did it I sung in front of however many
people in this room
it was terrifying so thank you relax and
then the next day we were gonna film a
music video did I say that the start
basically I was in London to film a
music video to one of the songs from the
greatest show so they set up a little
set in the YouTube space in London it
was really cool they had like a swing
they had a swing in one corner and then
they had like the greatest showman on on
one of the back walls and now like right
makeup and wardrobe so we got in like a
little fancy clothes and everything but
so earlier that day we'd learn to dance
so I can't dance or sing so I don't know
I was there but like I had the time of
my life so it's all good we did a couple
run throughs and then they were like
right where's God and then they said it
one point Hugh Jackman's is gonna walk
in we're not going to tell you what take
he's gonna walk in on so we're all like
oh great thanks for dancing and singing
then all of a sudden you just see Hugh
walk in and that was like that was a
sick feeling because we were all sort of
like we were continuing dancing but
we're also like reject member Hugh
Jackman's over there Hugh Jackman yeah
look at him he's even more beautiful in
person
winrich there's this funny shot actually
where he sort of holds out his arms and
he runs into everyone to give him like a
hug so I sort of stayed to the site and
just admired what was going on I'm a
very like some sideline watch everything
happened kind of go and I'm happy with
that
there's something in my eye but he was
super nice like he did a little speech
and uhm yeah I don't know what it is
about actors but when you see them in
person they just look like perfect human
beings I don't I don't like I don't get
it then we did our own individual dance
things and basically the directions were
just had fun and I was like well well
okay so this is me basically making a
fool of myself but it was fun and the
director was super cool he was funny and
then oh I interviewed Hugh Jackman
that's right he could swap with a
another character in the film who would
you swap with zendaya really yeah oh
yeah
then yeah I'd swap with kiala yeah yeah
I or one of the oddities I I find it
very moving this idea that people who
are completely shunned away or even
embarrass their families
you know I brought out in the spotlight
and in their day this is 1850 Barnum
made them the most famous people in the
world Tom Thumb the bearded lady they've
had it
they were very wealthy they lived and
they were celebrated and people
absolutely love them and I just think
where they come from to that moment of
coming into their own power coming
themselves will be fun to play so
there's the video guys they need too
much everyone that made this whole
entire thing possible it was so cool I
met so many awesome people and I didn't
have a really good time even though I
was never as much at the time it was
super sick and I'll never forget it so
thank you very much
the greatest showmen is our on Boxing
Day make sure you go and see it because
I haven't seen it yet so I'm gonna go
see it too and if you get to sit before
me please don't tweet me any spoilers
because that's just me
really excited for this film also I
could never get that song out of my head
it's such a good song made me feel
really inspirational
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this biggest the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do cause to come
over stomp what we need to screw logic
let's get crazy we is the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame a kiss I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot rap in a crew to a stream in
like frickin almost like it's
