Oh Kermit every time I start a video I'm
like hi guys welcome back to this week's
video and then I forget what I'm saying
and it's just you know so maybe we
should have like a thing where I just go
hey guys welcome to this week's video
and then it's it we just jump straight
into it so let's do that
hi guys and welcome to this week's video
this week's video is truth or dear I
went on Twitter and I asked you guys
with the hashtag Jamie truth or dare and
you guys gave me that apparently I can't
talk this morning and you guys gave me
some truths and you guys gave me some
dears what I have done wait for it I
have made a little box basically what
I've done is I've taken your guys tweets
I've cut them up and I put them in here
there are some bad ones on here that I'm
hoping I don't get that's the fun of it
doing things you don't want to do let's
start I do to do 10 push-ups I can't do
push-ups damn I'm out like it nothing in
my arms works it just knows how to use
the computer I do to read the law me
smart out loud someone wrote a
fanfiction about me and Lauren her idiy
and it's really kind of weird I'm going
to see how far I can get through before
I throw up by the way I would like to
know who wrote those I can't do it is
this your first time with a girl Lauren
whispered in the brunette laying
underneath it Jamie nodded her head her
eyes never leaving the pink green ones
above her a shape on the bottom lip in
between her teeth don't why are we do
you know what 12 year olds watched my
videos so maybe we should stop there for
the sake of him my mum's gonna watch
this and be like what the hell was that
truth here we were fallen out of a tree
dear I do to trial up to album nope I
have fallen out of a tree actually when
I was like 12 I was hanging upside down
by my legs and in the branch snapped
and I found my death honestly I thought
I was going to die I got so badly
wounded it was yeah truth
what do you honestly think of your fans
well first of all I don't call them fans
I just called them like people Twitter
humans but the people on Twitter they
are so annoying sometimes really
frustrating really weird quite
inappropriate at times but they were
really funny you know I was at school it
was like the first like two weeks back
and my friend jazz over there and my
other friend grace thought I had a
boyfriend or was like talking to a boy
cuz I'd be at school and I was like
smiling to myself that gotta be on
Twitter but they thought I was like
texting a boy and now like Jamie who is
this boy and I'm like I don't have a boy
like I'm on Twitter and they didn't
believe me so you guys make me less
lonely and make my friends think I have
a boyfriend
we're over alone I teamed to do a
handstand okay that's good I did you
kiss the first object to your left
splashing I'm sorry right harmonizer
across your forehead harmonizes will be
the death of me I swear I did it you
know hopefully not okay oh my time is on
fire can you not spit on the ground I'm
sorry oh my god holy shit I do to sing a
One Direction song little best gesture
into the room
Thank You Lester can't stop looking at
you it's all so right so right you know
I dare you to do a full-on booty popping
twerk
Wow if you insist
brace yourself what sing on Facebook are
you actually talking about all the buyer
hit this Facebook page with like 9
million followers that's how I kind of
started this whole YouTube thing so you
must be new around here prank call
Shannon my friend jazz obsessed with
Shannon
Oh fie is shit in there um this is Jamie
curry oh hey what's up young champion
huh
why should I say me how are you okay I
don't know about you I'm feeling 22 but
you don't know what you don't know um
so how's hommerson nothing how's
Thomason yeah someday I'll be living in
a bigger city oh yeah like when I live
in Auckland I walk in the streets with
my worn-out jeans I can't think about
how it ought to be laughing on a pete
apart me to sing it to myself okay hey
easy this is my first banking video and
it failed that was basically it
it was nice to talk to you too bye
feyo if you want to check out Shannon's
channel click this box here look at some
face keeps your mom got two grounds of
40 bucks
and right after sorry was a few and you
show us your reply and there were no
questions asked after that so right what
did your current relationship status
with Danny it's complicated
and that's the end of the video if I
missed your deer or truth I'm sorry I'll
probably do another one so thank you for
watching and I guess I'll see you next
week gonna come to the clip one two
three no 1 2 3 turns out the wrong side
of the bed is the race I get up
lefted I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic whoever
Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy where's the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cause I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it in a replay be an idiot
rap in a cruiser screaming like
cranberry juice it was breaking in
almost akin like it's melting people
