hi I looking for Miss unusual but it's
okay because I film this you know
there's no excuse now today's video is a
little bit different you may find it
boring but I encourage you to try and
listen and I'm not saying I have a super
wise person because my grades will tell
you that I'm not I hear me out and we'll
see where we go today I'm actually
talking about cyber bullying for me when
I hear the word sort of bully and cyber
bullying I don't take it that seriously
but I should I think it's just the word
like when I hear the word t-rex I kind
of think of something that can like eat
you and like this is a big thing but
when I hear the word like bullying cyber
bully I kind of don't think of anything
scary cyber bullying is serious it can
like you've seen Museum internet videos
you see their figure hasn't people that
have been cyber bullying and it's it's
not okay now of course me being on the
internet and posting videos publicly I
am going to get comments they're not
very nice and we call them like haters
you know when people like haters gonna
hate you're not a hater you're a cyber
bully it doesn't matter if I have the
status of say like Justin Bieber or the
little old lady down the street if
you're saying mean things to me on the
Internet you are a cyber bully it even
sounds stupid when I'm saying it but
it's true saying mean comments for
people online is actually it's easy
because you don't have to look at them
in the face you just type it up and you
laugh and you walk away and for some
reason people like to do that I don't
know why they just do I could do a video
of me giving a million dollars away to
charity and people would still comment
like you could have donated two million
and you're ugly that's how the internet
works unfortunately how people say if
you're getting mean comments online just
walk away turn the computer off but I
know that it is actually hard to walk
away from the computer when you see less
and less of comments of mean things
people are saying about you we can all
say that we don't care what people think
about us but I think deep down we all do
so when people are writing mean things
about you like it's kind of hard not to
stop reading it I don't maybe that's
just me but I find it really hard to
walk away I am learning to walk away
though
you see someone commenting negative
comments on your friends page overreact
to it just just block it delete it burn
that person get rid of them and if it is
something more serious maybe tell and
add up or tell apparent or you know you
know the userroutine tell someone I'm
really struggling to actually explain
myself here like I just oh that's like
cyber bullying just frustrates me so
much I just wish people wouldn't be mean
it's one of those things it doesn't
really have an answer of how I can help
you is just try to ignore talk to people
about it and just you know don't let
them get to you because it's not worth
it this is gonna sound like a cheesy
dating line but it's not you it's them
basically now this next part is just for
New Zealanders but my brain is looking
for between 200 and 300 teens and
helping young people thinking about
their behavior and others behavior on
the web and the impact that bullying
behavior can have if you're between the
age of 14 and 17 years old you can
register to take part in it safe dot org
dot e and z slash web ranges I'll put
the links and everything in the
description below it comes into the
video I hope to understood what I was
actually trying to talk about I'm not
really good at expressing how I'm
feeling we're putting it together in the
correct words but I hope that made sense
and as you know I am terrible ending my
videos but clap sure nope the wrong side
of the bed is the right side get her the
bed on the left and I smile wide just I
know I'm gonna make this big as the
like I changed my wig get it time to
show what we each do caustic about my
Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy means the new normal of the world
is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
rapping a crew to the streaming lights
rapid you're freaking in almost like
it's no
