right so that's not a game so for
today's study gain here was freaky so on
um um it's just gonna be one of days one
of those dang kid what's precious I have
some photos of us when we were little
kids
and I thought we should go through them
and show you guys so that's what we're
going to do we've got five albums and
we're gonna go through them and relive
our childhoods and probably cry too
let's just begin roll let's tell you're
riding a horse no no no no no I guess
what is my favorite monkey because I
look so cute hello I know we think we're
not doing that one better look at these
photos they were like why would mom take
photos of us naked I don't understand
oh this is a Herning oh my god
drive him away from yoga which I don't
even I don't lay the pants as well
you're not gonna see that on sorry guys
nah I'll just describe to you I'm in a
bikini that's like three sizes too small
for my hot pink and it's tight and shiny
you should go to the bright red car
what's it so much cars okay Jamie high
water now here we have nothing funny is
one of me and ten is how much is like
team size is too big and I can't get
over it oh my god I look like a burrito
a burrito could we liberate us
Oh cousin Oh
oh my god now on the state motto leaving
a bore hole taking for reporting a ball
in a weave giving you supposedly our
cousin oh oh I'm a builder I'm into that
I'm stroked I couldn't afford clothes so
I I dress in a rubbish bag where I'm
singing a cover box because we just got
Easter eggs so did you always have teeth
missing
well I'm sorry oh okay so for my first
holy communion I wore sneakers
shiny dress I hated ring dresses so I
was like well if I have to wear dress
I'm gonna with sneakers with it so
that's what a good look at lingo man cuz
we got F - oh look how gorgeous I warned
you he was a pretty good thank you
I have all girls on like I have now
haven't trailing the same thing I
haven't changed whereas co-production I
wanted to be a bandit so I went to this
meeting and it turns out it was the
wrong meeting and it was for the King
King girl so I can't happen
being a can-can girl for my primary
school production under people I was a
boy look at me
talk about you let your hair you design
Oh Jamie thought ahead and designed it
herself
and she drew a little J on it and we
tell people hey there's only friends
mullet Jamie's getting ready for her
first school disco even a mullet for
your birthday and that is it oh and that
is it I really suck at ending my videos
but you know there we go
oh that like we did the last time no
marshmallow hug bye what should be the
Sun turns off the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
reverb a Samba we need to screw logic
let's get crazy needs the new normal of
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it in a replay be an idiot
rap in a cruelest ruin like rabbit meat
you're breaking into my state like it's
nothing
