surprisingly comfortable perfect
so recently some funny person decided to
go back and look at my old tweets no
tweets they are my old tweets I just I
would tweet like anyone who was anyone
and I would just be like oh my god I'm
your biggest fan even though I don't you
ever seen them on TV like once I was a
bit of a fangirl okay let's put it like
that so I thought why not just make a
video about it and get the humiliation
over and done with so that's what I'm
gonna do today
also I got a paper cut today at Nathan
the wanted I love chasing the Sun it's
very groovy
haha groovy huh yep nice at Miranda Hart
I think you are so funny such fun every
time I watched Miranda I need to wear an
epi in case I pee my pants hello Harry
in taking care of that little cami over
here you weren't there I don't even I
don't even remember tweeting that but I
must have been love to get off Twitter
but I can't say no to tweeting at kana
Mina is my excellent sense of humor for
you
hashtag one day bungee jump naked in New
Zealand what genius came up with this I
was a little wow you yeah this one's
pretty cold so my friend tweeted me not
long ago and it was like a screenshot of
one of my old tweets and it was Jordan
gooeys wouldwould 173 likes I
can't stop smiling I tweeted this back
when I had 173 likes on my Facebook page
I now have 8.2 million so this one's
about Justin Bieber tweeting about any
ideas for Christmas songs and I said I
have an idea just in time for Christmas
huh you like see there's my good sense
of humor coming in there again it's
tweets are ruining my coronation I am
going now
you ever have that problem when you're
in the past and you can't scroll oh I'm
having that problem right now it's a
melon I am Sarab Elias no joke
okay I was in the supermarket and went
in the out oMG I just hoped Santa didn't
sing like a ah Chris Rene that's where
it's at truly guys take most six years
slow jams made me by Justin Bieber I
really hope that's a joke diary of a Mad
Black Woman I just you know what yeah
eight Daniel Tosh when I close my eyes I
can't see super originals hilarious
that's me today is Tuesday and tomorrow
is Wednesday uh-huh just in case you
didn't know oh okay
glad that's over and done with fast
every about you guys to comment down
below some funny things that had
happened to you and I see that on-screen
shop abuse one and posted on my Twitter
so I have done that you want to see my
pics yours go to the Jamie's world I
think and see if I picked yours and
that's it so turns off the wrong side of
the bed is the right side get her the
bed of a left and I smile wide cuz I
know I'm gonna make this big
best of both worlds I can changed my
wage get it time to show what we each do
Kosta Koufos combo we need to screw
logic legend crazy where's the new
normal of the boilers Jamie's you can't
blame a kiss I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot wrap in a cruelest ruin like
a baby's little freaky middlemost
