I'm wearing the same as last week
I'm gonna tell you the story but the
noodle the bicycle and the idiot so me
and my friend grace we will probably
maybe eight and we decided to go on a
bike ride kids do I was at her house and
I didn't have a bike so I used her
mother's bye and her mom's bike is like
you know it's not a little kids bike
you've got a tricycle the kids bike and
you've got the adults bike you know this
was an adult's bike and I've had super
cool cuz I was riding an adult spike we
had a great time how do I bake this kind
of truck thing drove past us and I felt
something hit my leg but I didn't take
any notice of it I thought it was just
the truck like the wind then I looked
down and they were like tena what are
they called stir-fried noodles
yes stir-fried noodles all down my leg
all on the by and my all entwined in the
tire I realized that this truck that had
drove and passed me and throwing noodles
at me and I wasn't just the noodles it
was the plastic container as well that
the noodles were in they had just been
like what should I do with this I know
I'll chuck it in me your old riding a
bike adios
the play stick he just burst and part of
it got stuck in between the tire so I
was biking long and I was going meaning
I was petrified I was worried another
cow was gonna come past and throw news
at me instead of like getting all the
notice off me
me and my friend decided to leave it on
there and walk the rest of the way home
so we could show her mum it seemed like
a good idea at the time and now looking
back at it we must look like total tolls
walking back with my bike and may sort
of walking so the noodles wouldn't fall
off and in the midst of all that I was
freaking out because I'd got noodles all
over her mum's
adult but we got back to her mom's house
I don't actually remember what her mum's
reaction was like but I remember just
hosing off the by hosing me off and
never wanting to go for a bike ride ever
again so that's the story of my life so
that's it was really dry so basically
that's it I felt like telling you if I
think of any more stories I will let you
guys know if you had anything weird
happen to you let me know in the
comments and I'm gonna read them because
I love to laugh and other people's
experience and I will put my best one
and I'll post it on my Twitter so
I do that I guess and I guess I'll see
you next week
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side ghetto the bed of a left
and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do Kosta
Koufos probably need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame a kiss I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot wrap in a cruelest ruin like
breaking in almost eight like it's
