this is my tan line hi Beckwith this one
hi my name is Jane Eyre yeah so for
today's video we're gonna be answering
some questions that you guys asked on
Facebook and Twitter okay let's get into
it before they hit board and leave
do you like chicken nuggets I love
chicken nuggets but I know that you
don't like chicken nuggets if you had 24
hours to learn what would you do with
that time I probably go to McDonald's
and then I would go surfing with my
cheeseburgers so no friends or family
just to suckers what career would you
have if you weren't successful on
Facebook or YouTube I still don't have a
career you do it'll create around la si
o matic is it it thanks hahaha I don't
know what's one place you'd like to
visit in the world
Jamaica haha if you could be an emoji
which one would you be the Indian dude
with the turban I'm actually know how to
use emojis Eric they're really cool I
don't know do you like having the same
name as Tara does get kind of weird
definitely like well because it's just
like everyone we like Jamie and we're
both oh wow yeah and especially like
when people go can I have a photo with
you Jamie then we like both go and then
they go sorry you're you right yeah
no no not you I look super pale because
you're so real and I'm actually quite
some yeah you could actually I meant
tomato and I were going to go and the
actual tomato they come with me a ghost
in the tomato it's okay coming soon do
you know that do you listen to One
Direction do you know them obviously no
one Directioner do you know that all
this song from the radio but I don't
like I I actually you know then
time Harry Willie no no no no right this
is what just wait
I'm ashamed so lie what does the Fox say
hati hati hati hole at the active empty
oh one second
how do you get a guy's attention I don't
know I haven't figured that one out yet
like I think that guys are attracted to
girls that are happy and smiling I
believe that are you a beaver because
damn day oh can you Jaime sing I can I
can
Hey
what do you do when your best friend
treats you like crap if she's a piece
may you guys should be getting along she
should support everything that you do so
maybe you need to have or think about
her the most important people to have in
your life at the time your listen to my
wisdom I wasn't whole bunch of really
dramatic stuff just get rid of it yeah
all that I get impart it to social bins
but I really just want to stay home on
Tumblr and Facebook what do I say even
had to go like yes social just tell
those friends you're out fun by the way
how do I tell my sister nicely that she
can't sing my sister just yells at me
can say oh you can't sing no get it and
just set us up oh yeah who is your
celebrity crush I really like Kellan
Lutz and I have an obsession with Amber
Heard I don't know what's worth though
obsessive or the crush it Sharon from it
a little bit fiery okay that's the
question I want to do can Jamie McDow
imitate to cure women's we'll be
together I'll be there and your hobby
yeah
and that's that and I'll do any picket
so that's the video if you wanted to get
Jamie's channel click on her face
mm-hmm-hmm
and if you want to see the other videos
i've done with her click on the links
I'll see if I can - like the one okay
okay down here this area yeah and thank
you - fantastic life for letting us use
their club rooms swim between the flags
