let me on Twitter by the way hey guys
how you doing a long time no video sorry
about that but I do have video for you
today and it involves this thing
sunshine aqua massager the sort of
machine does is it like electrocute you
joining me today is my sister Taylor
what a hand entail she's here I promise
even though she'll I put a hand in she's
gonna be the one controlling this thing
so how the game works is Taylor's going
to ask me questions by this thing is
electrocuting me and I forget the person
wrong it stays electrocuting me and I
forget it right she turns it off until I
get another question wrong then she'll
turn it back on again oh that makes
sense because it did to me you get this
one there
he said not on bar because you'll get
shot shots you don't taking about buying
social bickerman
yeah that's muscle that's definitely
muscle okay up a bit what is my
favorite color
Oh pink wrong what color was your
favorite color
hey what was my favorite drink drink Oh
Brasserie card no I hope you wanted some
no because I write tonight what is the
seventh planet from the Sun are you
kidding me that was my favorite member
of One Direction saying yes yes what is
the world's biggest island
just turn it off Greenland wait a minute
my birthday is the Great Wall of China
Oh 56 kilometres what is my favorite TV
show awkward yeah
what is the capital city contain 193
primary colors oh great how many vowels
does a trumpet head great ed recent from
most watched show in the UK
oh I'm judicial AC me
what was yeah when is Justin Vegas at
much much
oh yeah haha what is lana del rey hmm
family given a little oh if I order the
juice from tank what flavor would have
went crack 22nd what a hundred and forty
cement take away fix da I don't loose
mmm people six yet amazing now undo it
Moscow 84 can take swim Oh No why were
you like the freemen stop Oh house I'm
done
how are you how are you point fifteen
sorry
I heard you turn it up there's no I
can't say that which I'm sure it'll turn
up probably so that's the video for
today I hope you enjoyed it and I Taylor
did and I guess I'll see you next time I
make a video which I don't know we never
we I that's what my arm looks like now
that's a thumbs up you just can't see ya
I'm actually really pretty on me
