I'm sorry I had this terrible I don't
know I'm just
ill I just have had this cough for like
three weeks it's ridiculous anyway hi
good morning good morning I don't know
why I do this it's a bit weird um but
you at good morning for the SID good
morning for the fourth time I'm in the
UK at the moment if you're wondering
where the hell and I'm in my friends
dorm room it's disgustingly messy and I
try and clean it up but um she comes
home in within five minutes it's already
back to terrifying so I've given up so
just accept the Mason it's not mine
basically don't judge me thank you we
all know unlike to be clean anyway so
I've got tear in my eye be some reason
this is why I don't film videos in the
morning because I'm a I'm a little bit
sick very sorry travelling just takes it
out of me you know I'm also a wimp sir
but you know the reason I'm making this
video is because in a week's time when
I'm home I will be going to the KFC each
face which I'm super excited water
basically the edge you're putting on
this time we've got people like Jason
Derulo extra days openside Kings
Mitch James just all these really cool
add I said I'm gonna excited anymore
obviously I'm so sorry I'm sick do you
that's what I'm gonna be doing next week
and basically I made this video to say
hey come along they're doing shows in
Wellington Christchurch in Auckland and
if you want to grab a ticket I'll put
all the links down below of course as
usual I'll try and link it here but
let's be honest I probably won't be able
to a always youtubers Harlan they keep
updating it
so I finally figure it out and they
update it and then I'm like okay now I
don't know what to do and Twitter I
don't even know how do you like it to my
own profile now I can't see my own
tweets how said is there and they're the
only tweets that I actually look at I'm
actually super excited for the KFC edge
fest because I will be filming Jason
Derulo excuse me you watch some of my
older videos I always had songs of his
in them and there's one with me dancing
around in the bathroom with shaving
cream all over my body
not my best moment but whatever you know
back then um I'll show it to him he'll
love it
it'll be like security I wanna see his
songs this remind me of like when I was
in high school and I put my headphones
on and I danced around in the mirror and
like do my six adults us by myself and
just jump on my beard and do weird
things on the table not weird things and
I just danced right I just danced you
know when you're in your room and you
just do we thinks anyway before I sound
like a weirdo this was my faith I used
to dance to this like oh and this one
this is such a banger and then Esther
abuse this was my song last summer I
remember driving around Oakland with
this in the car like
anyway that's not for me dancing because
I will get puffed and stop coughing but
change the funky I should have worn
these the entire video Oh am I gonna
have to start a gang so make sure you go
and check out the link if you promote
coming to know Christ Church or your
fancy a little road trip because it's
gonna be sick and you'll see me around
if you just say go with the camera not
knowing what she's doing
it's me do you give me to it if you are
going because I will be meeting people
at each shoved oh I don't know what else
to say well I'll see you then we have a
little boogie and yeah okay I'm gonna
name this now because I'm no idea what
I'm doing
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her to bed on the
left and I smile why because I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic with
over Samba we need to screw logic let's
get crazy we use the new normal like the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot rap
in a kiss ruin like frickin in a mistake
