hello I love them okay I'm sorry that I
really hate that intro
it would never cover my tea no idea yeah
so I'm going to change it I'm sick as
you can probably tell her my voice
because I am soaked the video that I had
planned
I had to can that for this week so that
will be next week so this week I wasn't
quite sure what to so to say so I
thought to tell you a bit about what's
happened to me in a lot sort of like two
months the next out of Jamie's world
I've had a simple thought of drones with
I started my Facebook page Jamie's world
last year in July I've been kind of some
joined in and now it's here today at 2
million likes
what oh I just deleted all the notes I
had for my video okay and prompt you it
is it's led to me doing a lot of really
cool things the first thing I'm actually
done it was I was on the Aaron Simpson
show I did a little Skype interview on
there so that was pretty cool it was my
first time on TV I was nervous and I
fell off my chair
during the interview so that was really
embarrassing if you've seen my last
video you would know that um a few weeks
ago I was phone down to Clint byzantium
radio to do a little interview with him
I spawned out on the Friday and I was
gonna do my radio interview was eating
and then on the Saturday I was going to
a video Jamie McDowell so it's getting
over paid to do this right now interview
Friday and little did I know that Jay
McDowell was doing the interview with me
too
I didn't know this I'm Jamie Mattel if
you don't know his new zealand singer
and all i think seems pretty cool I
found out like two hours before I was
going to do the interview that she would
be there too so I had like two hours to
mentally prepare myself so I went to the
radio station and I'm sitting on the
couch and they're giving all the cameras
and mics and stuffs it out
and then I knew your voice from around
the corner and I was like okay this is
Akshay walks around the corner so that
was super cool and I got home and I
couldn't get the Wi-Fi working on my
laptop and so I'd already taken all my
shows I was in my sweatpants a my hair
was like let's go down to the lobby I
was getting changed and I'm like don't
why no one will be there just go down
it's like 9:30 no one's gonna see you I
go down I've got these socks on with
holes in them they've got my sweatpants
on as soon as the elevator doors open
this girl turns and goes oh my god it's
Jenny Carey yeah so she was like oh my
god can I have a photo I was like sure
so that was really good listen man don't
go into the lobby unless you're fully
dressed oh and it reminds me out on the
Saturday when I was chilling with
Germantown doing the video
we was chillin they saw someone they
knew in Carl's jr. so we went into
Kyle's jr. and I'm just standing there
cuz I don't know who this two quads and
I was just sending it and um someone
could have Jamie I just assumed it was
photo mimic doubts I don't why they even
turning and then let us get calling so I
turned and they were just like oh my god
I see me hurry so that was really weird
once one wasn't started everyone kind of
just rolled into we're right at the back
and now I had to try and get out I
couldn't get out without getting stopped
so um Alex the guy that was with me and
Jamie it's a give me his hoodie and we
put the hoodie over me and I had to
trake it out what look at the Sun look
kind of like a little angel right there
sorry if it's so dark my mum
shut the curtains before she left and
I'm not allowed to touch the curtains I
broke them one time okay and now she
won't let me touch them at all so
another weird thing that's happened as
my mum got recognized but when my mum
work she's kind of second office lady
and this lady walked in
you guys are you Jamie school's mum come
on but so their mom comes home super
excited like Oh am saying Jenna and I've
got recognized I'm super init down then
they ash you better watch out girl mum's
world so I can really think home now at
this point what the weird thing
oh no no no I make Channing Tatum kinda
not really but this is close enough
right so that's made I'm talking um you
can carry on with your life now thanks
for watching Jamie Jamie Jamie Jamie
Jamie Jamie Jamie Jamie Jamie as well
boy your bunion I'm sorry
