hello hello my name is Jamie and today's
video is about my room now before we get
started I just thought I'd let you know
that today I was playing soccer and I
took a ball right in the face and I
couldn't feel my whole like this half of
those and the bottom of my guns I'll
show you that from a races so that was
pretty nice hey Jamie you're right um
I'm Pilar come in the phone so that was
my day anyway on with the video you know
sometimes you have those days and you're
really bored and you don't know what to
do with your life on those kind of days
I like to go and rearrange my room and I
always find little quirky little things
so today I was really bored and I
thought why not go through my room but
instead of doing it normally I decided
our video it so here we go now first up
you're probably wondering why there's a
shelf right here I don't normally have
it there I just wanted you to see all my
trophies don't me to show you that if
you insist
this one is sports champion for the
first year of my intermediate that's -
sports champion for my intermediate the
second year two years in a row and then
I got to high school and it kind of all
went downhill I don't really do anything
else now so those are the only trophies
iron but I make sure I put them on
display so everybody can see them and
know that I wasn't like that I have an
hour my rubber bands for my braces I
should probably put those over to it and
know that it's not a headless man
standing behind me that is my mannequin
her room is having these and I do I'm
working now holo hats and bags this is a
certificate I printed off the internet
and it's from the Disney Channel website
and I decided to print another frame it
because I don't get many certificates so
I got a 100 that's saying that was a
waste of time or something in there I'm
gonna take this head off National
Geographic bent pick everybody seen
these if you try get this off that's
pretty much it yeah are you ready for
this
another singing card I have a J that I
bought about a month ago and I still
haven't opened it
this is my very secret magic box I used
to want to be a magician lots of magic
stuff got a ball there's really badly
done you slice it with the coin this is
pretty cool this is me I'm this one here
with my little bob cut why mum did it to
me I will never know and that's my video
for today I hope you enjoyed it if not
then I apologize but if you did enjoy it
could you please give a thumbs up is it
would really help me out now my next
video is going to be a question and
answer video so we've got to do is to
ask the questions is go on Twitter ask
your question and hashtag it ask Jamie's
world why the aliens are Halloween thank
you for watching if you lasted this
whole video then thank you
if not then I should really start making
more interesting videos bye
