hello hello and welcome to the show I am
Jamie and today I'm going to be talking
about me yes that's right me I'm gonna
be talking about myself me not you me
it's all about me I just kind of think
that you guys think I'm some kind of
crazy person that runs around being
weird tell me or it I makes you a very
serious president is very serious things
that's my introduction let's get shot is
that annoying anyone else that that is
not in the center I'm exhausted
no I just rolled please get started my
name is Jamie Cara and no I do not like
curry you have no idea how many times
people ask me that question people are
so funny these days I am six and
three-quarters yes that three-quarters
counts Philip an hour and I live in New
Zealand if you can not tell by my accent
my family has made up of myself my
sister my mum and my dad a little thing
about my mom and you haven't noticed his
candles here and here she is obsessed
with candles we had them everywhere I
broke this one
she's over noon if some of you may not
know I do in fact actually have a
boyfriend we can wonder be shy look one
place that we shy you know he's just a
mannequin denier but he loves me yeah
Stuart I have a few fears but they kind
of weird I'm afraid of sharks I when I
was little I used to get scared that a
shot was going to come out from my
carpet and eat me I'm afraid of zombies
yes they are not real but I don't care
do they use rice discussed the last
thing I'm afraid of is Heights I get
scared just looking up some stairs to
the waterslide the waterslide part
doesn't actually frighten me it's just
the whole walking up the stairs I just
want to go the slide I like this I look
a little bit like this I feel like I'm
talking really fast in bed out of route
I am socially challenged you can come up
to me in the streets and say a lot of it
would probably go something with them oh
yeah I'm fine
I braces I sometimes cause me to spit
the room it and turbo and make things
very awkward as a sign that not a lot of
people know I enjoy heads
hey boys and that's it that's all you
need to know about me unless you're a
stalker then maybe you want to know some
more I just have one last thing to say
there is a guy as he was met Fife he is
a singer he is an amazing singer I love
listening to him
his Facebook page that he posts all his
other singing videos on if you could
please like it it would be really cool
link in the description I have a Twitter
I have a cake I have an Instagram I have
a personal account Jamie carrier also
have my Facebook page Jamie's world
please go on like that stuff sure sure
hello Jamie speaking the links are in
the description later
