I saw a tweet today and it said civility
is also white Anglo culture I have never
met a polite African or Jew that
insisted on manners / urgency so stop
forcing wasp culture on us
lmao that's quite interesting I actually
have done some videos on YouTube about
manners and morals and I bring up the
idea that I have experienced the left
have a disdain for etiquette for some
reason they think of it as a class
system and acting like you're more
bourgeois than these lower-class people
but they have etiquette totally wrong
that is not what etiquette and manners
is about Anika is about respect for
others I mean there is so much value in
walking around the world and interacting
with other people and being aware of
being respectful to others and it's not
about being pretentious and any of that
stuff now in fact the left have replaced
etiquette and manners with political
correctness we already have a mechanism
in place for social cohesion
and it is etiquette they are using
political correctness to replace that
and it's more of a control over speech
thoughts and behaviors I would really
like to see etiquette have a revival not
just to fight the left and their
degeneracy but I think on the right as
well we need to stop doing a lot of that
trolling it's kind of stuff that we did
in the 2016 election and start living
our culture and what is important for
the right to do is to live civilized a
really amazing story that I talked about
in one of my editing videos was about in
world war 1 there were French soldiers
and some
American Allied soldiers getting their
rations of food and the American
soldiers had more of a portion it was
their connect with this ration of food
in this village so they came up and
first and got all their portions of food
and they started hastily eating and
stuffing their faces standing around
with food and the French soldiers when
they got their meager portions of food
they sat down created a little table
with a flat rock and all sat together
talking and eating in a sort of fashion
and one of the American soldiers asked
the French soldier why do you guys say
make such a fuss over a little bit of
grub they give you to eat and the French
soldier replied we are making war for
civilization are we not we are therefore
we eat in a civilized way and I think
that's an important thing to remember we
are fighting this fight for civilization
for Humanity for women for children for
society in general so it is not just a
war to fight for the sake of fighting
and being barbarians it is a war to
fight for civilization and we should act
in a civilized manner if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
