hi everybody Amanda head here in
Jerusalem with the rebel and hi I'm here
with Ellie Pierce did I get that right
yes yes and what did you just tell me
about your three daughters three
daughters I'm like God gave me three
daughters so that the name pieps will go
away in a natural way get married off to
some nice normal name Smiths and Jones
and all of that yeah right
yes yes so I wanted to interview him
because he is from the States we have a
lot of American viewers Canadian as well
but I'm one of the few Americans on our
staff so I always like to bring the
interests of the United States in to
everything so tell me how you came to
Jerusalem when what we read what you
were doing your lobbyists work in DC
before you came here yeah so I was a tax
lobbyist in DC in the 90s and then
headed off to Seattle because after
spending all growing up within the
Beltway and telling the rest of the
country how to behave and what to do I
figured it might be best to live outside
of the Beltway for a little bit
became a real estate developer I lived
in Seattle worked for Microsoft as well
but then in 2008 2009 we had Obamacare
and all of the Obama activities the real
estate market really took a dive and I
was thinking of what I wanted to do and
I said I'm gonna sit out for a little
bit it was looking for a little bit more
meaning in my life and my wife and I
decided let's get up and move to Israel
and we did that in 2010 we came here so
President Obama helped us to move to
Israel and well we didn't realize what
actually was our lifelong dream to come
here as Jews that was the authentic
place to be it's Jews in our natural
habitat you could kind of say and surely
because I had a background in DC I was
asked to a head of International Affairs
for all of the Israeli mayor's in Judea
and Samaria in the most contentious part
of Israel the part of the Israel were
Palestinians want to try to create their
own States and try to displace those of
us who I like to say resettle the area
so you're saying there is something good
that Obama did
okay you're right
by proxy so I want to ask you and I've
been asking people here throughout our
trip your connection with Israel and of
course your connection with the United
States being here and having a new
administration someone in office who is
you know obviously not a politician not
someone who is beholding to stockholders
and well I guess he is behold the
stockholders but you know lobbyists and
people with special interest so it's
it's a whole new thing that's happening
over there in the Beltway than what any
of us are really used to what have you
felt a shift with this new
administration I know from my side it
feels like there's a whole lot more
support and not just politically but you
know within within the United States
just normal citizens it feels like even
normal Americans are more aware of the
issues that Israel faces and you do you
feel that do you feel not only the
political support but also just more
support from the American people I would
say I think the one thing that President
Trump is introduced into this conflict
in this conflict zone has been truth in
reality and you see that in the three
things that president has done the first
thing is Jerusalem
recognizing that Jerusalem is a capital
of Israel it's obvious to anybody who's
been here whether you like Israel you
don't like Israel Jerusalem has been the
capital and not to acknowledge that is
leading the Arabs and the Palestinians
to a point where they don't have to deal
with reality there's no way you can
achieve peace by living in a fake
utopian world you have to deal with
reality and the fact frankly the fact
that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel
doesn't harm the Palestinians it just
starts dealing with reality
second thing President Trump did is he
fulfilled the Taylor force act for those
of you aren't familiar with Taylor force
act Taylor force was an American former
Marine or there never is a former Marine
but he was in Israel that's part of a
group with Vanderbilt University
he was murdered a POW in a Palestinian
terror attack actually in Jaffa knots in
Israel proper
and when that happened it became an
awareness that the Palestinian Authority
sends hundreds of million of US taxpayer
dollars every year to pay the families
of terrorists and when that realization
hit obviously somewhat like President
Trump who's not a politician says that
seems pretty blatant that seems pretty
obvious that is intolerable let's get
rid of it and President Trump did that
and the third thing is I'll just say two
words nikki Haley could you is that was
gonna be my other question how do you
feel about nikki Haley there is just a
wondrous truth and a reality and now
there is you know Israelis for the first
time love the UN because it's the nikki
Haley show and there's so much truth and
I think that again the president gets
credit for that so I think if you want
to hear there's one thing that I would
say that you asked about is your a
difference here in Israel absolutely I
say my daughter my 16 year old daughter
has a blog and it's called making allies
great again because during the Obama
administration the us-israel
relationship was harmed and we were
great allies with President Trump coming
back all of a sudden we're now allies
and it's great again so I think there is
a real harmony in between America and
Israel and I think it's all based on
truth and I think when President Trump
talks about you know fake fake media and
fake news and stuff like that what he's
getting at is we want truth that
everybody wants truth and you look at
this conflict and you look what the
president has done here as he solved it
no but has he introduced a certain level
of truth and accountability yes that's
why the Palestinians are scared they've
never had that they've always been able
to blackmail when the president talked
about first back in December that he was
going to acknowledge that Jerusalem was
a capital of Israel Palestine and said
there's going to be a lot of violence
we're not going to guess what there was
no violence they can't get that anymore
there's the people the Arab people are
sick of that kind of leadership they
don't want that anymore and they
realized it's losing scenario so they're
just giving up
now that the there is no longer that
they don't no longer have that leverage
of throwing hey we can just turn on the
raise the heat and we can create a
certain level of violence all of a
sudden they don't have very much to go
against and the president call their
bluff I mean the truth is always the
best thing whether it's pretty or ugly
and and it's been both over they just so
making America great again is probably
helping to make Israel great again to
everybody thanks for watching
you
