esra Levante here for the rebel dot
media I'm standing in the Golan Heights
in the north of Israel about a kilometer
behind me is Syria town called kenitra
it's controlled by the Assad regime but
further to the east rebels of various
stripe who had been successfully holding
that territory for years
well the Assad regime with the help of
the Russians is snuffing them out now
that the ISIS threat for the north is
over you can hear I don't know if you
can hear it in the background but about
every couple of minutes you hear the
loud explosion probably an artillery
shell I don't see any air forces here
that's what's going on in Syria is the
Assad regime is snuffing out any rebels
whether they're Isis al-qaeda or some
ragtag militias this has been a peaceful
border for Israel since 1973 when they
had a dramatic battle here I don't know
if you can see you can see some old
british centurion tanks that's what the
israelis used to repel the syrians and
their more modern
t-62 russian-made tanks it's the same
players behind the scenes in some ways
militarily but this time unlike the 1973
war israel has an enormous Air Force
advantage i say again this border has
been peaceful peaceful for 40 years but
iran has been another another party in
the Syrian civil war Iran Iranian shock
troops as well as the iranian-backed
Shiite militia called Hizbollah Israel
has occasionally made surgical strikes
into Syria to knock out Iranian military
installations we heard today from locals
that this has been a very peaceful
border and they think it can be if it's
Assad that controls it but not if Iran
colonizes it that's a little update here
from the Syrian border of Israel I'm as
relevant for the rebel media to watch
all our videos on Israel go to rebel
Israel calm
we're here for ten days with some of our
on-air talents and more than 50 of our
most enthusiastic rebel viewers to find
out more go to rebel Israel calm
you
