during my time in Poland a young guy
called Adam helped us with translations
he's a Polish Swedish citizen who's seen
vast differences between unpatriotic
Sweden and conservative Poland I went to
Adams apartment in Warsaw to sit down
and talk more about Polish politics
youth patriotism and much more though
I'm with Adam a young conservative in
Poland who actually moved here from
Sweden thanks for joining me it's as you
know a part of this series I'm talking
to young conservatives and trying to
find out why on earth Poland is so
different to England and I think you've
got quite a good perspective on this
coming from Sweden right what not just
Sweden Malmo yeah I also had to a lot of
time of thinking about it since I moved
here from a place that is vastly
different and than what we have here in
Poland and I was born and raised in a
country which is one of the most a
theist countries in the world one of the
most left-leaning progressive and I was
used to always being the only
conservative in class in my tennis club
wherever it was hard to find other
people to talk to and it was often that
you felt that you were alone fighting a
lonely battle here when I when I came
initially to study at the University
what when did you come here when that
was in 2012 six six years ago now and I
got shocked immediately the the lectures
would say things that in Sweden would
get them fired very quickly I assumed
that even some people would be
prosecuted for for some of the things
they said and so I noticed that there
I'm imagine quite mundane stuff as well
it wasn't extreme right no no absolutely
not
things such as there are genetic or
biological differences between men and
women there there are certain problems
with certain ethnic groups here in
Eastern Europe for example a lot of
people have no problems talking about
the Roma population that they aren't
integrated there are several problems
that are associated with them
theft probably being the most this one
we see that in London as well but you
can't talk about it and a point that
people often make which I think it's
important is it's not the Romanians that
the problems raised the Roma gypsies
this is something that I've spoken about
with many Romanians and they have a very
very they aren't they aren't happy with
the situation and especially that for
them earlier they were differentiating
between gypsies and Romanians now its
Roma and Romanians so for them it feels
like whatever they do yeah unfortunately
the the Romanians pay the price but just
talking about that in university I mean
it's it would be shocking in Sweden and
really get imprisoned it sounds like a
unfortunately I think that England
Germany are at the forefront when it
comes to prosecuting people for hate
speech it's didn't used to be like this
in Sweden there there were certain norms
and unwritten rules that you shouldn't
talk about it but if you did you
wouldn't get prosecuted right the wave
of prosecutions started three four years
ago tops so it's still a fairly new
thing but there is a couple hundred
percentage increase each year on
prosecutions for hate speech and we had
a few cases recently that were really
nothing nothing special it doesn't take
a lot to get you prosecuted these days
but vastly different here in Poland
right absolutely here of course not
everybody is going to agree with you
when you say something in in university
for example but nobody's going to throw
you out of the room or tell you to stay
quiet so what is nice here that
everybody have their opinions and
nobody's afraid to voice them so it's a
very refreshing climate for studies for
academia what's amazing is workers it's
especially young people right I mean
young people in universities young
people even outside of universities and
the football clubs
even in the rap scene Patriots it's I
wonder why maybe through your experience
of living here for such a while it's
where's this coming from what why are
the the Polish youth so vastly different
to the rest of the West I think it
depends on two things the first one is
that we have a very good foundation in
Poland we've been fighting for
sovereignty for almost 200 years
we were partitioned by three European
powers Germany Russia and
austria-hungary and we didn't exist on
the map as a sovereign state for 123
years that was basically five
generations that were fighting for for
sovereignty after regaining our
independence in 1918 we had twenty years
of independence before being invaded by
Nazi Germany one of the most brutal
powers and in human history when the war
ended in other parts of Europe and
people went back to their own lives we
we came under the Stalinist rule and
Stalinism was together with Nazism the
second most brutal occupation power in
history and we had 50 years of communism
so we regained independence fairly
recently and the young generation they
haven't been brainwashed as much of the
older generations they they did what
they could they fought back but
oppression was so hard that on
unfortunately many people that are aged
40 50 and and older they still live
mentally in the communist times and the
young people though they they got the
experience growing up in in an
independent free Poland yeah and all
these old traditions started coming back
now you were able to talk about things
such as the so-called curse soldiers
then the the underground communist
anti-communist and the Communist
military underground which went went
fighting for another 20 years almost
after World War two had ended they spent
their time hiding out in the forest
small groups of five to ten people
usually that would give up their life
basically and spend ten years in the
forest they were all hunted down
they were killed merciless and these
were quite young fighters many of them
were 18 19 20 21 years old so young
people today identify with them for
their idealistic views for their
sacrifice and these were topics that
were of course forbidden to discuss in
the Communist times so I like to liken
it to a balloon being put on there
underwater it just comes up it's normal
yeah yeah it's it is a natural thing
that now has found an environment in
which it can blossom it's amazing isn't
it this is the one thing whilst being
here that I've been thinking about a lot
and it's you would assume logically that
the the people that grew up under
communism and saw these terrible things
will be the people now fighting back
against it some of them are but it's
really more the young people doing here
I mean we maybe we should talk about
these exit polls that are showing the
way that people vote in Poland the older
generations are voting more left-wing
than the younger generations right that
what are the the left-wing parties here
in what sort of support base yeah we
have something about reverse situation
to what we have in Sweden and in the UK
to where the young support labour in the
UK and Sweden either the Social
Democratic Party or our green party or
the other Nastasia or the new feminist
party which that very well not in the
last elections but the elections before
that while for example brexit
I think you keep support for your clip
is also similar and in Sweden for the
Swedish Democrats there is mainly people
that are 45 50 and above here in Poland
we have a situation in which the people
that are 70 and above either they vote
for the conservative ruling ruling party
the government party or they vote for
the the old Communist Party which in the
last few years have almost vanished
completely so so it's it's on a good
track of vanishing but there's a new
party or is it Rason yes there is a new
neo-marxist party i would i would call
it it's it's modeled on Western Western
Marxist parties it's a type of cultural
Marxism which didn't exist here in
Poland recently there is a Serbian
philosopher I think called Serge a
terrific of each who once very pointed
out an interesting fact that even if the
iron curtain was a curse in many ways
for Eastern Europe or in practically
every way but it's it stopped cultural
Marxism from penetrating our region we
had economic Marxism the classic Soviets
Marxism which is of course horrible -
but at least we get win and gets all the
postmodern crazy ideas we were we were
protected from that and what's amazing
about this this Rason party we were
looking at some of the exit polls
earlier weren't we and something around
5 percent of young people vote for this
party 5 percent
I mean it's astonishing there's a
statistic that I've been talking about a
lot while I'm while I'm here and it was
it well not so much a statistic it was a
poll of young people in the UK and it
showed that if young young people voted
600 Labour MPs will be elected and not a
single Conservative MP which I find
amazing by the way because the
Conservatives aren't conservative in the
slightest the young people will not even
vote for a non conservative
your party and yet it's the total
opposite the total opposite yes it's
another similar problem that Sweden
shares with the UK we also have an
alleged Conservative Party which
actually has conceded ground on in every
sphere when it comes to values due to
the left so they aren't conservative in
any way anymore but the pandering to the
left doesn't help the the young voters
they still prefer the original so thank
God here in Poland as you said the
situation is completely opposite the
vote is slightly more split on different
parties among young conservatives
there's a there's a few right-wing
parties right as the Republicans the
Cooky's which is led by a punk-rocker
right yes the Cooky's the law and
justice party and then there's kostas
Colvin yeah the libertarian Corvin is
quite famous and in the West he has a
very controversial statement yes we've
seen him a lot on the news but among the
young he has very high supports in in
the exit poll after the last elections
in 2015 it turned out that the
government's party the the ruling Law
and Justice Party has slightly above 20%
of support among people aged 18 to 29
the cookies party which is usually
described as a right-wing populist party
that wants more direct democracy but is
also fiercely anti-communist they also
got around 20% and cordovan which is
something of a strange mix of
conservatism and libertarianism so for
example therefore the death penalty but
also for free drugs they're also the
monarchists as well many of them are
monarchists they are anti-abortion and
the kind of a smaller state we're kind
of like the punk conservatives really
aren't they they they sure are inventing
something new and that party got around
16 or 17 percent among the young so
together all of these parties have it's
at least 60 and the Institute of Public
Affairs Council public they they
reported a 66 percent one
right or Center right I mean that's
seriously significant I think that's one
of the reasons why the media is targeted
to Poland so much in the UK the the
British media last year during the
Independence Day March I'm sure you saw
it lots of young people at that March
they reported but 60,000 neo-nazis on
the streets I mean the media just loves
to attack Poland the story to them is
this is look at this terrible racist
nation that's I don't know the
equivalent of Hitler rising all over
again but really it's it's a an
opposition to what happened under Hitler
right that's driving this absolutely I
think that they're getting scared simply
and they want to nip it in the bud they
want to stop this these developments
before they spread to neighboring
countries and maybe even to the West in
the future we have a similar situation
in Hungary where Viktor Orban is
supported by around 50% of the
population and the second-largest party
the epic party yogic party is also very
right-wing and conservative so I think
they are fairing that in our region of
Europe there is something brewing
something that could change the
political landscape of the entire
continent and unless they deal with it
now by quashing it through for example
putting finance financial sanctions on
our countries they are trying to I guess
it could also be compared to brexit
they're trying to press on voters so
much that like if you vote for these
people then we will punish you
financially yeah and make you vote for
globalist parties so that's we talk
about article 7 right yeah so can you
can you explain those sanctions that are
being put on Poland by the European
Union's so far they they're they haven't
been enforced it will be actually pretty
difficult to do it the normal way so
they're finding different ways of doing
it technically article 7 is
and EU EU law which allows to start a
process of placing sanctions in a
country if they think that rule of law
is threatened or human rights and for it
to reach the last and final stage in
which the sanctions are placed on the
country which technically aren't
financial sanctions its political
sanctions you lose your right to vote
the Voting Rights in Union and so they
won't be able to do it because this
needs to be on unanimous vote in the
European Council where all Member States
need to vote for sanctions and since
Poland is supported by Hungary by the
Baltic States probably by the Czech
Republic and a few other countries in
our region it won't be able to happen
that way recently they put the same
article 7 against Hungary but again
Hungary has allies in the region so that
won't happen but a new EU budget is
about to be negotiated for 20,000 and
for 2021 to 2027 and there they have
introduced a new proposition that funds
allocated to certain Member States so
called cohesion cohesion funds and
structural funds will be limited if if
they deem that the rule of law is
threatened in these countries so it
looks like financial sanctions will
happen but they will take a detour to
arrive to that goal not through our
article 7 do you think the young voters
who are electing people not just into
the same and your your political
institutions here but to the European
Union as well our young people anti-eu
here or do they want to see reform or
what's the situation with the ear was a
very difficult situation actually we are
not as lucky as
as you British people that we have a
seed that separates us from Germany and
we have them right across the border we
remember what they can do if they feel
threatened or if they have some kind of
emotions of grandeur or and then we have
Russia on the other side so for many
poles the EU is not primarily as it's
often portrayed in the West an economic
benefit it's the sense of security that
belonging to a bigger project gives
Poland and I guess after so long of
being invaded and independence taken
away and all that and then so suddenly
there's this institution that's in
theory trying to unite these countries
to stop war I guess I can see why some
people might find some security in that
but people know the the dirty tactics
that the EU plays right unfortunately
the e was changing and when Poland
started negotiating negotiating its
accession to the EU in the mid 90s and
late 90s the EU wasn't as centralized as
it is today it so the poles they we we
entered the EU in 2004 and a lot of
things have changed since we've seen
people voting in referendums and
referendums and they have to vote until
they get the vote right which is as
people in Brussels want to vote to be or
in Berlin and which they're gonna do in
England as well at least the trying this
this could very well will be what
happens for us brexit will be pretty
interesting to follow from afar and
because we will see how does berlin and
brussels treats the UK which as i said
is more distant from from from then than
we are and also it's a bigger financial
power that that you have to respect yeah
so if they treat Great Britain very
harshly then we can just imagine what
they would do with us if we would try to
leave the EU it must be pretty scary
actually especially when so many
Euroskeptic mp's members of European
Parliament in the EU are from Britain oh
yeah I'm they're gonna be leaving soon
and suddenly Poland I feel like we're
leaving you guys over on your own almost
this is unfortunately he more or less
how the situation looks like Poland many
support that breaks it's just out of
that same feeling that you got when
Trump won then this was just a system
yes but at the same time we're aware
that Britain for many years stopped any
initiatives to federalize the EU or
centralize it to a higher degree and now
with you gone it will be harder to stop
this development and this is again
coming back to article 7 and the
sanctions against our countries we feel
that this is also a way of making our
position weaker so that we won't have
influence on what Europe will be how it
will be reshaped once pressed is
finished because there will be some new
initiatives coming and I guess they want
Viktor Orban and our leaders here in
Poland to to not have a strong
negotiating position so in the near
future I mean there's an elections
coming up in the next few weeks right
but of course in elections going forward
it seems that this percentage of young
people voting conservative who is just
going up right well according to the
opinion polls it has risen I think now
it's reached above 70% so so it is going
higher and higher focus and I can only
imagine as well as the young people get
older and are replaced with new
generations of young people I mean now
we've been around in Warsaw and we've
met even a young lad of 10 who knows his
history he's comes from a patriotic
family this is a new generation of more
conservative people and it seems like
the directions just going up no no yeah
I mean I'm quite envious of that being
English I just see it going down and
down and down and I do wonder whether
some people might change their mind as
they get older but I find it hard to
believe that these young people who are
patriotic now will become less patriotic
in the future so it seems to me there's
a bright future for this country
especially with the GDP is going to be
overtaking Portugal per capita very soon
and as we see going around water there's
new buildings going up everywhere the
country is doing amazingly well
and it's a real message of hope for
Europe I think and for Britain but what
I'd like to know from you is what can
the British youth learn what can we take
from the young people of Poland when we
see crazy feminism and just follow
politics infiltrating every area of life
what can we reasonably do and what can
we actually learn from these young
people in Poland well I think everyone
has their breaking point
and I think that even in the UK even if
it looks dark at the moment it's
absolutely possible to turn it around in
a fairly short period of time
it's sad that that in a way the catalyst
for change is sometimes strategy tragedy
as I said here in Poland much of the
patriotism we have today is the result
of World War two and the harsh years of
Stalinism but as the situation is
deteriorating and much of Western Europe
you can see it in in France when they
were hit by terror attacks in a rapid
succession in ease in Paris with the
Charlie Hebdo and then the larger terror
attack in the UK you were also hit with
a few attacks in a very short period of
time and in Manchester and then twice in
London and now it's been kind of quiet
for a while but I'm sure that it's just
just a short break and once once you
have these things happening often enough
after a while people just say no we
won't take it anymore and so I believe
that you often hear this is something
you hear especially about Sweden they
say that Sweden is lost
yeah it doesn't exist anymore it's over
it's game over I don't think that is the
situation for any country and Western
Europe people the native native people
native Europeans are still the majority
in these countries and we have a history
of being very
determined being very crafty when it
comes to solving solutions so I think I
think they will come up with something
they just need the will their will needs
to come back and I'm sure that there are
young people working hard hard at
figuring out exactly how to have this
change taking place but it can only come
from within from you there is there is a
specific British solution to the issue
in in Great Britain
there is a French solution for the
situation in France I think the problem
is the British are known for having a
stiff upper lip
and actually it's our tolerance that's
been our downfall and we are a very
tolerant people we're very nice will
happily welcome in the world including
terrorists and I think maybe you're
right
maybe it's a matter of it getting darker
before the dawn I think this could be
the case when it comes to the
hospitality we have a similar situation
in Sweden where humanism became the it's
replaced Christianity basically there is
always something new that fills the void
in Sweden's case it was this altruistic
let's accept everyone but at a certain
moment everything ends it's the same
thing in Italy now where you have 60 or
70 percent supporting the new populist
government which wants to deport half a
million migrants that have arrived
recently so the question is just you
wouldn't see this in in Italy three
years ago or four years ago but now it's
it's very imaginable yeah so I think
that in Sweden in France in the UK there
will also be a moment in the next 5 10
15 years in which people will say that
this is the new normal we will be
conservative we will be very strong on
our borders we will deport terrorists no
matter what the European Convention of
Human Rights and their court things
about it and so I think that they are
there are
days ahead we just need to work hard to
make sure that we arrive there in time
what our young people doing here that's
kind of cool from right-wing you young
people other than just voting well there
is a lot of organic work I wouldn't
necessarily call it cool it's it's such
things such as taking care of the war
veterans you have a lot of young people
that are involved in helping people that
are often 18 19 years old and they have
no money at all yeah they they go
grocery shopping for them they carry
their bags up three flights of stairs
they renovate their apartments make sure
their walls are painted and a lot of the
football lads do that right from the
football yeah the football clubs are
very involved in activities like these
we have a pretty interesting situation
here in Poland in which there is
basically no left-wing influence on
football stadiums at all I've seen some
opinion polls saying that among football
fans is over 90% conservative so it's
very high and the 10% that aren't they
stay quiet about it while they are on
the stadium there is a long history to
this because the football stadium was
the only place in communist Poland where
you could voice your your opinion and
where you could criticize the regime why
was that you could criticize the regime
there's a whole crowd you're standing
with 20,000 people that are all willing
to fight it right honey so before the
fight you usually chant some
anti-communist slogans and they still do
that right they still also fight with
riot police but but yes the slogans are
still there the the the football fans
are very political and back a few years
ago when the Liberal government Donald
Tusk who is now president of the
European Council was the prime minister
of Poland he started a war against
football hooligans he claimed but
actually started a war against entire
football fan community right
and they fought back they they traveled
wherever he went didn't matter if it was
some small village or whatever they
ruined every media media event that he
held for a good few months they were
very determined
they had very good chance that were
making him look very silly and so in the
end he lost that battle and he used
quite well maybe not as bad as as the
Communist strategies but but people were
locked up for for a long time without
any evidence so you don't want to mess
up you don't want to provoke a fight
with with the football fans over here
they also said that they are the best
organized civil society organization or
Association and Poland and there's a lot
of them many of them are also very
religious which is quite interesting you
have have pilgrimages and you have
special priests that focused solely on
football fans and they go to our most
holy monastery in the city of chants
Tahoma yes nagura where the priests they
they throw sacred water on on the
scarves of the football fans and they
bless football fan related paraphernalia
or memorabilia and the people that go
there are not necessarily always the
most calm guys I mean most of them are
but even some of the so get a bit rowdy
I mean you've not seen the minute they
existed in England as well yes but but
here
they are sometimes rowdy too they might
send too but but still they go to these
events which in Sweden it would it would
be impossible they would never set their
foot in a church and this is another
very interesting factor in Poland that
Christianity and patriotism are so
tightly interlinked as a result of right
I was gonna say because the the glaring
difference I see here between the
football clubs in England and actually
many of the football clubs in England
are quite patriotic but I wouldn't say
anywhere near as much as here in fact
there's been scandals in the UK where
football codes of held up patriotic
stuff and it turned out that people
didn't like it and stuff but the glaring
difference here is the presence of
religion the the faith I mean people I
think in England have lost faith in
their faith through the the Church of
England from being so pathetically
left-wing maybe if the Church of England
went back to its roots and people got
involved with the church again and they
could be football guys and they could be
normal young people and they could be
cool normal young people cooler than me
and also be patriotic that's the
difference right absolutely I wouldn't
go as far as saying as that the church
here is is it's perfect we also have our
problems the church was quite heavily
infiltrated by the Communist Secret
Service during the 50 years of communism
and many of their leaders and the higher
echelon are are not fantastic but when
it comes to priests on lower levels
there are many very very enthusiastic
young priests that they they have a bond
with young people and and they know how
to motivate them how to make them
improve you could say that they are like
the local small Jordan Petersons of
rural Poland and again faith and
patriotism in Poland I think it comes
back it goes back to the fact that we
were partitioned by three powers that
had a different religion than us the
Germans were Protestants the Russians
were Orthodox so Catholicism naturally
for us
came the glue that held it all together
and this is something that helps today
especially as we're facing a new
religion expanding in Europe and very
aggressively demanding its place in the
public sphere Poland is used to
counteracting such ideas with their own
religion there's no void to be filled
here is there because people have their
faith whereas in England there's a void
there's quite a large void absolutely
those do tell me about these I found in
your apartment this tickets well these
these stickers they are part of this
little game that people sometimes play
if you see some leftist stickers I found
up in the city somewhere yeah you cover
them with your own these specific ones
are quite heavily targeting the so
called the post-communist click right
something that many people don't know
about Poland is that even though
communism fell in 1989 the people that
were influential in Poland before then
we're still very influential after 1989
they didn't just call themselves
communists openly yeah
but they exist in the media right they
still exist they kept their money they
stole a lot of money just before
communism fell and when things when
privatization started or similar as in
Russia with the oligarchs that came came
into power here people bought up
state-owned property state-owned
companies for very cheap and then sold
them off quickly gained a lot of money
and they invested that money in in
banking in India so the institutions are
essentially still communist yeah it's
the same people I don't think they have
any specific ideology they're very good
at adapting but there are definitely
people without morals without any values
and with no agenda and and they're very
corrupt and they are very protective of
their positions and influence yeah so
now that we have a Conservative
government
are trying to remove it as quickly as
possible and fill the positions with
people from their own crowd and that's
what these stickers are is these yes
they are they are pretty heavily against
so-called post-communist so you go to
war with the left and put these outputs
to the left really oppose this Anti
Corruption and they're opposing this and
putting their own stickers on they claim
that our narrative is completely false
we are scare mongers and that we are
just using this as an excuse to
introduce an authoritarian conservative
state right but they can they can think
whatever they want you just always need
to push back you can't allow them to run
around on the streets and do whatever
they want there's more of you than them
here unfortunately yes so you're talking
earlier about the the underground
anti-communist soldiers and how they
have an almost of cult following among
young people there's some of these
murals around the city can you tell me
about those because those feature these
anti-communist fighters right and it's
it's the young lads that paint these
isn't sure it's pretty common the closer
you get to a football stadium usually
the more of these large paintings you
will find on painted on unusually very
great houses or walls there's plenty of
great buildings around thanks to the
Communists unfortunately yes so to liven
it up a little bit young people are
quite fond of grouping together and and
painting these different patriotic
sometimes the motives are different it
doesn't always have to be soldiers but
it usually represents some kind some
period from polish history or some
specific polish region but there is
always this patriotic element to it at
least very often so it's it's an example
of the culture wars taking taking place
in the public arena some people do it
with stickers are there with with their
brushes right but the goal is the same
so the the raw I came here looking for
three elements of youth
patriotism the historic patriotism which
is abundant evidence and still visible
with even bullet holes in walls here the
political patriotism we met the leader
of the Republican Party which has quite
a large young following and is very
conservative and also the cultural side
of things and it's it goes beyond
stickers it's football lads it's
patriotic rapping it's it's these giant
murals it's something I've never seen
before this is something Petrella crap
especially something that coming from
Sweden is very unusual in Sweden rap is
something that belongs to the minority
groups in the in the no-go zones and
they would never rap about patriotic
Swedish the same in England I can't
say I'm a rap expert but I know it's all
about sex drugs and money it's pretty
similar in Sweden I'm not saying that it
doesn't exist here in Poland yeah but
there is quite a large community of
Polish patriotic rappers and the kids
that live in our estates they it's not
it might not be the only thing they
listen to but they will come across it
from time to time and it instills them
with this sense that you are supposed to
love your country you're supposed to be
willing to sacrifice your own well-being
for the country and and also it is a
vessel for conservative traditional
ideas in general so for a long time that
I've been trying to spread an
anti-clerical message to to the Polish
young but in many of these rap songs and
the priest is not the enemy but he is
your friend and he helps you in your
pathetic work yeah so for me it was very
surprising to do to be exposed to this
world of patriotic rappers yeah I think
it's amazing but I think what what this
tells me is that the the loss of good
role models in society is perhaps why
young people in Britain are increasingly
less patriotic it's it's a combination
of perhaps not seeing the impact of war
firsthand and a combination of young
people having no good role
anymore celebrities are famous for for
no reason
music is not only terrible but it's not
talking about particularly nice things
that's it I think what this shows me is
if people had good role models if people
can understand the history of their own
country and perhaps taught it better in
schools it might translate into more
political patriotism in the UK
unfortunately we're also fighting with
these problems
mass media here is dominated by
so-called garbage culture and but many
of these patriotic rappers it's
grassroots groups initiatives it's not
maybe what you will always see on the
television right but it's still what
people listen to in the States so it's
kind of like an online thing right
YouTube Internet has helped it a lot
it's also very localized so certain
rappers today they are only famous in in
a specific area or of the city but what
they are all over the country so many of
them aren't famous you've never heard
about him but in some local community
somebody knows about them so this is
it's it's kind of an educate educate or
warfare in that people are learning
about the history and know their history
and it's cultural warfare as well I
think that's really interesting yeah
we're hoping for the best
I want to discover the real story in
Poland not the story from the mainstream
press that Poland's just a racist
country but in fact the real story that
the Polish youth are voting more
conservatively than ever and standing up
in the face of far-left and EU tyranny
will you help me cover our modest
expenses for hotel airfare and cabs will
you help us raise a thousand pounds to
cover this important work please go to
rebel Poland calm thanks so much for
your support if you'd like to help us
cover our modest expenses for this trip
please go to rebel Poland calm
you
