you know I really pride myself on
maintaining the most comprehensive
Twitter lists of far-left accounts but
this time Red Alert politics beat me to
the punch the figurative punch of course
they're not actually an Tifa but an
Marco's is an Tifa and they apparently
believe that all cops the institution
deserve to die let's take a look
I feel like every time I turn around
there's a Texas ante Farooq inciting
violence we had the revolutionary
student front at UT Austin which said
bricks belong best thrown at pig heads
hosted self-defense classes and targeted
the mentally ill for recruitment then
there was the autonomous student Network
at UT Austin which suggested instead of
law enforcement Appreciation Day
law enforcement incineration day this
time it's a group called an Marcos which
I think means anarchists in San Marcos
Texas the group seems to be associated
with or at least preoccupied with Texas
State University and has taken to
Twitter posting this picture comparing
Trump supporters to Nazis both of them
on the verge of getting stabbed with
bayonets
they also said today we wish to bring
dishonor to the police force something
they do on their own daily as they are
nothing but the paid thugs of the ruling
class hashtag National Police week
hashtag ACAB hashtag Police week 2018
hash tag blue line hash tag blue lives
murder all cops the institution deserved
to die yes let's take our lesson in what
is and is not honorable from an T feh
that sounds like a very good idea and
blue lives murder you know that murder
is an unjustified killing right when the
suspect is beating the crap out of an
officer or ignores instructions and
reaches somewhere they're not supposed
to reach you can't really use that term
anymore anyways the anti-fur group
attached a longer note saying what I
mean when I say all cops are bastards is
literally every single cop is complicit
and participating in a system designed
to uphold the capitalist oligarchy we
live under and thus all cops are guilty
of that system sins if all cops it's
funny because most sane people who
aren't far left usually know that when
you say Asians get good grades Italians
like pasta or gingers have no soul
you're not talking about every single
person in that group you're just saying
that it's the norm you're generalizing
but these clowns are so
consumed by their Marxist ideology that
they literally do take the
generalization of evil cop which in this
case is not even a correct
generalization and then applied to every
single person in that group now and
Marcos seemed to back down a little bit
when asked to clarify their remarks they
said we of course do not advocate cop
killing as it is true that some of the
individuals who are underneath the badge
are wonderful people but then they say
it would be more proper to call a police
officer a terrorist than many other
groups that word is applied to seeing as
they lurk in our communities with the
task of instilling fear into the
populace and not one iota of serving and
protecting anyone except the ruling
capitalist class is anyone shocked that
anarchists people who want chaos are not
only opposed to law and order but
deliberately try to misrepresent law and
order as fear or terrorism to try to
achieve their lunatic goals no the only
shocking part here is that this is in
California this is Texas
for campus unmasked I'm Rob schrab shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
