I'm standing here over a part of the
wall that's in between the settlements
of Palestinian and Jewish side in
Jerusalem
now this israeli-palestinian conflict is
interesting for so many different
reasons because it refracts a whole set
of tensions around the world be it
religion be it through territory be it
through economics all of these get
refracted through this conflict it's
always very difficult to know what are
the real issues now we're hearing an
expert talking about an angle of this
conflict that I certainly wasn't aware
of and I'm sure you weren't either
many of the Palestinians on that side
are still classified as refugees even
though they've been living here for
decades now that's very unusual right
across the world if you've been staying
in the one country for a decade or more
you're no longer classified as refugees
now why does that matter while they have
refugee status then the United Nations
continues to fund many of their needs
including food health care education now
think about it in some of our countries
like Britain Australia Canada often when
there's high rates of welfare it
provides a real disincentive to work and
self-reliance and they they want to stay
on welfare sometimes in this scenario
that translates into many Palestinians
not wanting peace they don't want
necessarily necessarily wanting it into
conflict because the United Nations
provides an incentive for that for the
conflict to remain and it's an economic
incentive so here's a welfare versus
work angle to this conflict on top of so
many others I'm tan beeramid
visit rebel Israel calm to get more
videos like these
you
