hey everybody it is the classified live
I'm John Cardillo remember we can super
chat what's super chat a super chat
means you spend a couple of bucks and
you get the chat it me you get to chat
with me oh it's amazing
I bumped your chat up to the top of the
list you get a little nice little banner
up there but I really want to talk about
is the Muller investigation a couple of
really really interesting things
good morning Frank jalapeno couple of
very interesting things that are going
on
first and foremost BuzzFeed BuzzFeed
somehow managed I'm gonna tell you how
troubling this is somehow managed to
obtain Michael Cohen's shredded document
gonna pull the story up here and this is
incredibly troubling I'm gonna explain
why in in one second let me pull this
story up it's it's very very troubling
very very troubling because Michael
Cohen being an attorney if you don't
know how this process works with law
enforcement politically American lon
well of course communication between a
lawyer and client are privileged right
everybody knows that's pretty much the
same all over the world I tell my lawyer
something I expect that what I tell my
lawyer even if I said to my lawyer yeah
I killed that guy yeah I robbed that
bank it has to remain confidential my
lawyer can't know about a pending crime
my lawyer can for example help me plot a
crime
I can certainly say to my lawyer I did
that crime to figure out how to get out
of it if I tell my alarm and go kill
that guy he can't help me plan it he
can't help me get away with it Michael
Cohen was a business attorney wasn't a
criminal attorney so chances are clients
came to him ex post facto after the fact
said hey I'm in this lawsuit and in the
course of the lawsuit Michael Cohen
might have said to a client oops
you might have committed a criminal
fraud here but there's a way for us
solve the problem but you paying a fine
let me work this out you moron kill
people thanks weren't robbed it was just
an issue of sometimes people don't
realize in business they might violate a
regulatory rule or something of that
nature though these incan attorneys
records to go after somebody is highly
highly improper
highly highly unusual I mean beyond
improper beyond unusual what that
doesn't seem to matter to robert muller
ste it just does not seem to matter to
robert maline
so they go in and this from a BuzzFeed
story and this really infuriated here
are the documents recovered from Michael
Cohen shredder I'm in explain why this
is so disturbing but just give me the
back start explaining lawyer-client
privilege you understand it we all
understand the government in the United
States when it government when the
government does raid when federal law
enforcement does raid an attorney's off
what's required is what's called a
tinking and that taint team use me is
typically selected by the Department of
Justice which I don't like monitored by
those who might have privileged
documents and what the ting team is
supposed to do is sit in between the
government and those accused or those
affiliated with the accused whose
confidential information might have been
grabbed up by the government when they
see this records and the tane team does
what it sounds like it does they
determine which of the materials are
privileged which would be tainted if
they were viewed by the government has
that mean call the Tinky well in this
case some body within the Department of
Justice
book documents that were pieced back
together documents found in in paper
shredders in either Michael Cohen's home
office or hotel room
and they rebuilt them which is something
that forensic analysts do the FBI to DOJ
they do and they leaked them a BuzzFeed
this is incredibly troubling now if this
were just one incident we'd say fine
but with Robert Muller's team you have a
history a history of bias we have
multiple congressional investigations
and we just had a Department of Justice
officer inspector general investigation
into the the bias at the FBI at the FBI
and we are not we're not uh we have no
confidence left in the DOJ and the FBI
and I want to say I want to cover a lot
of topics so what I don't want to have
happen every show we want to help Tommy
Robinson but we can't do every single
show every day about Tommy Robinson and
I love that you guys are passionate
about it but I just want to set some
ground rules for declassify live and
that we're we're not gonna do Tommy
Robinson in real-time for an hour a day
every day
why something develops if something may
I esra is on this we here at the rebel
or on this conservative media is on this
but there's a lot going on here in the
US and I want to be able to cover it and
bring you the most current stories and
so I appreciate you guys with the
passion for Tommy we want to help Tommy
out i but every you know what I don't
want to do is get sidetracked
every show deviate from the content that
I think is very topical very relevant
every day and spend your the bulk of our
time on Tommy believe me we're on top of
it if something happens we're gonna go
there and we're gonna get to Mexico in a
second banana republic is asking me
about Mexico I'm gonna get into the new
President of Mexico shortly but I want
to go back to this so Muller Muller's
investigation now has very biased
prosecutors we know that wait a DOJ
investigation into members of the FBI
members of the DOJ plotting against
Trump via text message openly openly
viewing their hate and disdain for the
sitting president the United States we
know all this
these leaked documents to BuzzFeed
aren't you some anomaly they're not just
well oh it's one thing that happened and
with somebody inside the oj we're going
to investigate we're gonna fire them no
it's starting to look like it's starting
to look as if there is an effort here
let's throw a due process out the window
to throw all procedure out the window
and to tank Donald Trump at all costs it
doesn't matter if we violate privilege
it doesn't matter if the Department of
Justice decides to throw all of their
rules and procedures out the window and
quick the kent/des says why the most
conservatives just stand back and take
it the time is now brothers act don't
think well there's not we need Congress
it's a great question Clinton but we
need Congress to act what I want to see
happen is the president United States
appoint a second special counsel that's
what I'd like to see happen we need
Congress to act on this though because
they have oversight authority so calling
these hearings and all are great but
we've got rod Rosenstein the Deputy
Attorney General he might need to be
impeached if he doesn't comply with yes
but with what Congress is asking about
the intelligence and Judiciary
Committees we certainly we certainly
can't keep going down this road where
DOJ comes in they sit in these hour-long
hours long really meetings with members
of Congress they tell members of
Congress what they want to hear and
nothing happens so now you've got
Michael Cohen a guy who by the way
hasn't been charged with anything the
guy hasn't been charged with anything
doing this ridiculous interview with
George Stephanopoulos doing this silly
silly interview where he's implying that
he's gonna cooperate now I don't think
the president did anything wrong Michael
Cohen was a personal lawyer he'd cut
some deals maybe paid a little hush
money that's what lawyers do that's what
lawyers do and then on the heels of that
we have general Flynn going back in a
court and I'm gonna redo this story now
general Flynn's going back in a court
next week now people on both sides are
wondering what that means now I
personally feel that general Flynn was
railroaded I really truly do I truly
truly do it in general Flynn was the
victim of a very malicious prosecution
a terribly malicious prosecution and now
the judge judge let me read you this
from the Washington Examiner former
White House national security advisor
Michael Flynn is in order to appear at a
hearing actually by a federal judge now
the judge attorneys for prosecutors said
that delaying the sentencing would
provide delaying the sentencing would
provide expedited sentencing doesn't
make any sense it doesn't make any sense
and so the judge I think asked both
parties last week judge Emmett Sullivan
who has a long history of spanking down
the prosecution when they act wrong here
in the United States judge Sullivan last
week wanted to know why general Flynn's
hearings kept being postponed now people
on the right feel it's because Muller's
team is scrambling to cover their tracks
people on the Left feel it's because
general Flynn is cooperating with the
prosecution
against the President of the United
States and by the way 4th of July here
in the states tomorrow got my Captain
America mug happy fourth I won't be we
won't be here tomorrow happy cordula
bring fourth of July
so our American audience and happy in
Federation they happy late Confederation
so all of our Canadian friends but I
think I told you that yesterday
and so we've got now we've got Muller's
entire team bias and we've got what I
think was a very biased investigation
against general Flynn now full
disclosure I know general friend a very
general Flynn I'm very friendly with his
family but what I want to do here is
just give you an objective analysis of
what I think is going on my personal
feeling is that the judge judge Emmett
Sullivan is very uncomfortable very
uncomfortable with the investigation in
a general Flynn because inducted by
Peter struck who we now know in a text
message said no we'll stop him about
Trump Andrew McCabe ran the
investigation in general Flynn
beginning in 2016 general Flynn was
testifying against Andrew McCabe in a
sexual harassment case against the
female agent Robyn grits in 2014 now on
any other planet at any other time in
history with any other administration
Andrew McCabe would have been asked to
recuse himself from the Flynn
investigation he wasn't Peter stroke
should have been kicked off the
investigation
he was an Alexander the fourth says
Congrats on my new show Declassified
John Alexander thank you very much
really really a lot of fun to do this
live show and so I believe I believe and
I admit little bias I know the Flynn
family they're wonderful people great
patriotic Americans know what I'll also
say this every time I reach out the
general Flynn and say how are you doing
general he never once says I'm okay
not okay you know it's stressful he's
never once has spoken about himself
the only thing general Flynn has ever
said to me when I asked him he's doing
personal I don't ask him tells it the
case just how are you holding up he says
I don't care about me I'm worried about
the country I'm worried about what this
is doing to the country meaning this
this ridiculous witch on he's never said
that I'm saying that this ridiculous
witch hunt is this hoax this scam by
Robert Muller
it's disgusting it's disgusting but what
I suspect this happening the general
Flynn cases the judges finally said wait
a minute
there's a lot of evidence here that
indicates the investigators and the
prosecution were incredibly biased
against general Flint
Hilary Clinton got away with everything
her team was given immunity they
literally got away with felonies
multiple felonies nobody's even
disputing that anymore
representatives trey Gowdy and Jim
Jordan are saying it on open mics in
congressional hearings Hillary Clinton's
team got away of a crime that they did
we know they did
indisputable absolutely 100 indisputable
her team got away with crimes yet
general Flynn has been dragged through
the mud this has cost his family about
half a million dollars he's a not
wealthy people
but they're bringing him into court on
July 10 a week from Thursday uh winners
judge so till I tell the week from today
I'm sorry bringing them into court next
Tuesday and general Flynn we will find
out then what is going on now what I
hope happens what I hope happens is that
general Flynn's lawyers move for a full
dismissal of all charges based on a
tainted and biased or they asked
investigation by his investigation or
they asked the judge to vacate general
Flynn's play because with the new
evidence they have they want to go to
trial and fight this because I don't
think you're gonna find a jury that will
trust the word of Peter struck and
Andrew McCabe and they were the two lead
investigators on the Flynn case if I
regenerate
I'd want to go to trial now now this all
dovetails very well with what we know is
a long history of robert muller and his
team playing fast and loose with
exculpatory evidence and exculpatory
evidence if you don't know is evident
beneficial to the defense
mulder plays fast and loose with
exculpatory evidence andrew Weissman is
number two has been spanked downs
playing fast and loose with excoriates
and and we know that happened here
because in the mere fact that Muller
booted Peter struck off his team but
never disclosed
in terms of what we've been told what's
been reported that Peter stroke was so
biased the general Flynn's defense team
before they took the plate
that's important that's very very
important
and III really want to see what the
judge does on Tuesday now back to
michael cohen matter when you take that
the fact that looks like a cop Tory
evidence was played with fast and loose
in the Flynn case you take Michael Cohen
documents of Michael Collins being
released to BuzzFeed these could be
privileged communications we don't know
but somebody inside Department of
Justice who put these shredded documents
back together leaked them to the media
in any other investigation the
investigation would be shut down any
other investigation it would be shut
down there would be no investigation no
investigate
if we knew all of these things prior now
I feel Muller knew him I feel McCabe
knew him I feel stroke knew him
but it doesn't seem to matter we have no
leadership here in the Department of
Justice we have no leadership here in
the Department of Job and it is
very very unfortunate because we have a
crisis of confidence we have a crisis of
confidence
and it's it's it's tragic it's
absolutely absolutely tragic and so what
do we do here as Americans now what do
you think we should Jim Trowell except
Flynn is being railroaded yeah Jim I
agree he is I truly truly believe that
they went after general plan because he
was very close to the president the
president person likes him very much the
president respected him but but what I
think really went on here is that
general Flynn understood what the
globalists were all about general Flynn
understood what the globalists are all
about and general Flynn I think was the
scapegoat general Flynn was railroaded
federal Flynn was was basically his
testimony was honest I believe was
truthful and one of the statements
general Flynn said I don't recall he may
be the only person on the planet that
would be convicted or forced to plead
guilty was saying I don't recall but
general Flynn was
I believe made an example of via a
malicious and dishonest prosecution my
opinion who taint Donald Trump Donald in
general Flynn did anything wrong
politically incorrect says when the
government comes after you nobody has
the money to fight them normally that's
true but I want you to look into the
stories of Hank Greenberg the former CEO
of AIG insurance and Ken Langone one of
the founders of Home Depot they're
billionaires they fought the government
they put twenty thirty million into
their defense they won they won
they won when you have that kind of
money and you fight the government and
you're right you win general Flynn is in
a wealthy man general Flynn is not a
wealthy man steel anvil says general
Flynn Mughal debt will go down as the
greatest Patriot in the history of the
nation general Flynn is an outstanding
patriot and look Michael Cohen I don't
know much about Michael Cohen doesn't
have the 40-year history serving our
nation
general Flynn does
michael cohen i don't know what michael
calling did wrong it bothers me that
michael avenatti the lawyer for a porn
star had so much juice with our
department of justice and robert muller
that bothers me that sure seems like a
witch-hunt what in the world that stormy
Daniels have to do with russia collusion
why was robert muller even talking but
michael avenatti in stormy Daniels
didn't even Jim done no general Flynn
did not take bribe money from Turkey I'm
gonna dispense with your liberal
conspiracy theory but that is patently
patently untrue
he wasn't even accused of that it was
never one of the charges leveled against
it was never investigated for that
you're believing lunatic far-left mother
jones media we don't deal with
conspiracy here on this show
and el-shabazz says general Flint put
his neck we're a few wood and he hook
the hit yeah he went after the
globalists he went after the deep state
unfortunately it appears you're right
and the reason I'm talking quite a bit
about general Flynn is because it is it
is the fourth of July tomorrow and
Patriots like him could not be forgotten
the man gave almost forty years serving
this nation free speech Ferrell says
wouldn't it be great and President
Donald J Trump found a job for general
Flynn I gotta tell you I think the
general is probably done with government
service for
if I were the general I'd want to go out
there and make a lot of money sorry I
keep taking pranks my allergies are
raging so I need to
where do our inherited god-given rights
come from Allah their god-given their
answer Frederik von Wong says stormy
Daniels got money from Netflix
unsubscribe from Netflix I think that
flicks has always been a far left
network that's up to you if you want to
unsubscribe certainly certainly it let's
see what else we've Jem gone I'm gonna
answer this question why plea guilty
because when it's a minor charge like
that where you're facing no jail time or
you're facing millions of dollars in
legal fees that will bury you in crush
your retirement you should look into the
numbers many many people who are
probably innocent pled guilty to the
United States federal government because
they cannot afford to fight them but
again you go on believing your far left
conspiracy theories and Mother Jones and
Democratic Underground and all those
lefty loonies
but um it's it's it's tragic it's very
very tragic and we needed a guy like
general Flynn his national security
advisor we have a very very dangerous
world now I think John Bolton gonna do
an outstanding job I think general Flynn
would have done a better job but again
he wasn't a globalist they needed him
gone they needed him gone
and yeah trolls seem Alexander trolls
seem to love live broadcast don't they
but you know I ignore him I just ignore
him and because there had a Dom and they
don't do their homework and they just
come to disrupt unfortunately
unfortunately
there are people out there who engaged
in a steel anvil as a police officer you
were taught all seven into the fruit of
the poisonous tree everything gets
tossed exactly I was a cop too I'm sure
you know that thank you for your service
in law enforcement by the way let's talk
about that a little bit
great point I'm glad you brought it up
and remember you can super chat you can
donate a couple of bucks have your chat
jump right out at us the fruit of the
poisonous tree basically means the
search is bad everything's bad if the
investigation was initiated on bad faith
everything's bad and in this case it
really looks like we have an
investigation initiated on bad faith
part and parcel search is part and
parcel to that ridiculous steel dossier
the if the fights a warning was obtained
on legitimate information and still
anvils 100% right the entire case
everybody's cases Flynn manta Ford gates
even if they those guys did anything
wrong and their financial crimes 12
years ago it would it would in a in a
perfect world if the rules of procedure
were being followed it would necessitate
everything being thrown out everything
let's see what else we got here
I'm red ready for war says the truth is
Trump has done more to fix this country
that any president said geumsan JFK yeah
and I think faster I think Trump has
gotten more done in 17 18 months
none of the presidents have gotten done
in two terms
in two terms
and pockets and says how did it feel
getting bodied by Acacio Cortez I didn't
see the left is all all up in arms
because I called out socialist
Alexandria Cascio Cortez because she
grew up in a very ritzy area of
Westchester County and not in the Bronx
and for five minutes I got her alma
mater wrong it was Boston University I
said Brown University because media
outlets were reporting Brown double they
honed in of course the left does right
they honed in on that one little mistake
I I thought she went to 170 thousand
dollar-a-year school not another $70,000
years in New England both the New
England mud brown and Rhode Island you
beat you of course in Boston that's
Apple left focus on but the left because
they're focusing on that attacking me
because they don't want it to be known
that Alexandria
Acacio Cortez the socialism socialist
Jenny from the block really isn't she
grew up in New York Town Heights where
Holmes going to the millions of dollars
went to a $70,000 year a year university
and is not is not this downtrodden chick
from the ghetto
he actually hung out with the elite of
the elite and they're hysterical about
that so they attacked one little error
that I corrected by the way two minutes
later when the corrections were made in
media said I stand corrected she went to
Boston University not brown you would
have thought I put her in a two-year
Community College but no I made the
mistake between 170 grand a year school
to another 70 grand ears harp on that
they just seemed so so they're so
they're so
and let's see the US is considered the
best country in the world which country
do I consider the second-best and more
to the top five Michael ruse it's a good
question
well I think Canada's a great country I
hope you guys wind up with a better
president you'll be right up there with
you and
good countries it really depends you
know people in are inherently good
in most countries it's their leadership
so I don't even want to go with the best
I'll give Canada another top slot cuz
they're our neighbor we share NORAD
we're basically partners in a lot a lot
this tariff thing will go away very
quickly let's talk about another country
our Sal I don't think is a very good
country Mexico they elected themselves a
new president this guy Lopez Obrador Oh
Don Zeeland good question do I think
Trump already has is SCOTUS pick and who
do I think it is okay I will tell you
some inside baseball that I heard from
people in DC the two top choices I'm
being told right now this could change
or judge Amy Barrett and judge Kavanagh
those apparently are the two that are at
the top of the shortlist media outlets
are reporting that I spoke to some
people in DC they said the same I would
be happy with either of them
I do think he's leaning now this could
change don't hold me to this Ford's
judge Amy Barrett he's a woman he's
young he's 46 47 that gives her 30 40
years on the court uh staunch Catholic
very conservative very very smart
whip-smart
rarely overturned on appeal he checks
off a lot of boxes that gives Trump a
big boost going into the midterms and in
the 2020 if he nominates her but really
anybody anybody on his dirt short list
would be okay with me these are all very
conservative a strict constitutional
construction so let's go down to Mexico
because the Supreme Court pick I believe
is gonna affect that as well so Mexico
elects themselves this new leftist
president Lopez Obrador guy is basically
a committed far-left radical he feels
that illegal migration in the u.s. is a
human right things of that nature I
think this guy on our southern border
poses a lot of problems but on the flip
side the guy also doesn't like NAFTA and
he's got a very big problem very big
problem with the drug cartels tremendous
problem with the drug cartels to date
last count
132 politicians and candidates 132
politicians and candidates were murdered
in September now that tells you that
tells you that Mexico is is still very
much ruled by the drug cartels they're
ruling with fear I forget the name of
the town but you saw that an entire
police force in a Mexican town was
arrested and or detained last week
after the death I believe of a mayoral
candidate now when you have your police
killing people
that's a problem and El Chavez is
touching on this Hannity Alexandria
Acacio Cortez in New York I'll touch on
it one more time he's a Democratic
Socialist we're the United States of
America we don't elect socialists and
it's very telling that the areas that
her District covers congressional
district 14 in New York have large large
large populations of of immigrants 90
some odd percent English as a second
language at 97% and they want our
country to go social it if that isn't if
that isn't the strongest argument to
seal our borders and control very
strictly who we lend in this country I
don't know what is I do not know what is
terrible it's terrible in Mexico and the
reason I deviated there is that Mexico
has elected itself a socialist president
this guy might even be a little more
communist ending is socialist
and I I'm very very concerned that this
guy a socialist tend to think
everybody's equal
terrorists are equal to you and I you
and me
very concerned this guy is gonna cut it
deal with the drug cartels to curb the
violence and if the drug cartels have a
deal with the president then the drug
cartels get the corrupt factions of the
military with permission from the top
smuggle into the United States and
yesterday one of the one of you guys
asked me do I think we should run more
extended military drills on the border
absolutely and this is why we know the
Mexican military has made incursions
into the u.s. we know that we know that
they've made incursions into the US on
behalf of the drug cartel now I don't
know he's done this but socialists have
a history and when you look at South
America and Central America their
socialist leaders have a history of
cutting deals with the cartels
is Lopez Obrador gonna do it I don't
know but history says we would be nuts
if we didn't plan for that contingency
and if we don't plan for that
contingency and it happens we're gonna
be blindsided so yeah I think we need to
first of all we need to hire more Border
Patrol people we need to hire more ice
people the left wants to eradicate ice
they want to eradicate ice we need to
hire more bigwigs says the Liberals
never talk about ms-13 or fentanyl know
they can't well they missed their teen
brushes their narrative of peaceful
immigrants will do the jobs Americans
won't Bend didn't though most of the
illegal fentanyl out there comes from
China does not come from south of the
border for and foreign far and away the
majority of the illegal fentanyl comes
from China I'm very friendly with the
hierarchy of DEA and people that run the
offices here in South Florida and I have
dinner with them often and we were
talking about fentanyl just last week
and fentanyl the problem is coming from
China it's not not really coming south
of the border
Javan giant says rosie was squirming the
other day and he's meant to be one of
the heads of the FBI I mean Rob
Rosenstein Deputy Attorney General
well rod Rosen side is he yes number two
man at DOJ there's not one of the heads
of the FBI FBI is a subordinate agency
under the Department of Justice but yeah
point made he definitely has a lot of
control over what happens at the FBI but
back to Mexico president
River Smith said China knocks off
everything yeah they do even fentanyl
even fentanyl but fentanyl is no joke
killing people I did a segment on my old
show here off the company classified
about Flyers on police cars in Harris
County Texas Houston being laced with
fentanyl fentanyl is about 100 times
more powerful than heroin horror
fentanyl is about 10,000 times more
powerful than heroin these are some very
very nasty substances
very nasty substances they will kill you
they will kill you
know what I don't know what's gonna
happen with Mexico I really don't I
would like to see NAFTA renegotiated
I think this tariff or between the u.s.
and Canada it won't last long
Canada needs the us more than we need
Canada we're at 18 trillion dollar
economy
Canada's smaller Canada needs us for
national defense for economic defense I
think Trudeau is doing a tremendous
disservice to Canadians
he should cooperate with us because we
as a nation the United States wants
nothing more than a very strong very
healthy and very prosperous Canada but
Trudeau seems to be more beholden being
loved by European globalist than he does
wanting to do right for the Canadian
people
let's see el-shabazz I married an
American more in Mexican legal is that
King here the right way so did mine by
the way my dad is from Spain he came
here with half a medical degree your
first generation and your family is
exactly exactly who we want coming to
the United States who all Americans want
coming to the United States
well-educated doing it legally I told
your story yesterday had an uber driver
a couple of weekends ago guy is a Cuban
immigrant legally came here I was in the
you were at two o'clock in the morning
because he's working literally around
the clock raised the money to bring his
wife and daughters here legally that guy
will be a great American already is a
great American he's here legally his
family will be great American because
his daughters have his work ethic to
look up to you have your dad he came
here the right way your dad came with
half a medical degree you have his work
ethic his academic work ethic to look up
to this is what makes America great not
people that come across the border
illegally because I don't want to wait
in line and that's where we need to do a
better job on the right of messaging a
much better job it isn't about
immigration
it's about illegal immigration illegal
immigration what about the new seaport
in Wilmington Delaware gal Kotchman
asked me that they are saying will let
in anything no checksum what are in the
shipping and that's not true every
everything gets checked there's there
the Chinese want to buy an interest in a
port where they might be able to play
some games but we still have Immigration
and Customs Enforcement and Customs and
Border Patrol and there are a lot of
ways to check this I know nobody who's
just buying a piece of the US and
bringing stuff in uncheck it the media
likes to hyping quite a bit
Ruger Smith says immigrants who go
through the system of valuable to the
economy because they are already
respecting the system absolutely
absolutely and immigrants that go
through the system who go through the
system are spending a lot of money and
so they're already stepping foot in the
US with a work ethic they're stepping
foot invested in the United States River
and that's the most important thing when
you spend all that money travel here
legally the legal fees the thousands
upon thousands of on thousands of
dollars you've made an investment into
the United States into your succeeding
here and chances are you will you want
to blow all that money this is the point
of illegal immigration
show us you make an investment
Gavan giant says that he saw something
yesterday or she saw something yesterday
about most of the people that come into
this country not being able to go into
the military because of IQ levels I I
didn't see anything like that might have
been a blog post or something but that's
also not necessarily true but you do
need a certain legal level of
citizenship legal level of citizen you
could be in the military
um and so that could be why I don't know
if we've Collin qualified the IQs of
people coming in and determined they
were in a good fit for our military
that's coffee in my Captain America mug
I want to be energetic and do this early
free you but I want to see what problem
we now have on the Mexican border
I bet these elite peeps have been
watching all the signs since the day
they were born
well the elites are a part of the reason
we have these problems right with the
elites in New York DC and Los Angeles
are really out of touch with the rest of
the nation because they hang out at the
same parties with same people talking
about the same left-wing things and same
left wing talking points they are in
Wolverine says good morning everyone
well thank you I and Wolverine morning
to you as well and remember you could
super chat there's a little icon down
there low icon right under the chat it's
got a little dollar sign on it and we
will promote you everybody how handsome
you are how beautiful you are how you're
the most intelligent person in the world
how you are a question is the best
question out
JFK didn't have 17 months what I made
the comment that Donald Trump is then
more in 17 months and most of the
presidents have done in two terms great
point but if I recall correctly JFK was
shot in mood was November of 1963 and he
was inaugurated in January of 1961
so he actually did unless I've got my
dates wrong but I do not think I do so
he did have 17 months point being though
that Trump has been very successful as a
president Eric Smith says good morning
free speech for else is good afternoon
from Scotland I love my scotch I love my
eyeless Koch's beautiful beautiful
country Butlins good morning you and
thanks for joining us
let's say offer them a keep Mexicans
indentured servitude that's fair right
no that's not bill maher no I just want
people to come here legally and when you
come here legally I want you to have
every opportunity this country could
afford you
you have every opportunity this could
have for you up for this country could
afford you Philip on DS makes an
excellent point the military doesn't
have IQ tests per se but you have to
take the ASVAB is their aptitude test
which you too have to place at least
average exactly and it's an aptitude
test to decide whether or not you've got
the basic skills and make it in the
military I think that's a great point
let's see el shamah is my father
Pasquale alonso egg came chief of
Medicine in Missouri loved his patients
you miss you dad Louisa dad sounds like
an incredibly impressive and again
somebody who didn't just add to the
United States but they've lives in the
United States exactly the kind of person
that makes this nation exactly I'm sure
you miss him condolences on the loss new
daddy sounds like an absolutely great
guy Louisa sounds like an absolutely
great guy more people and follow his
example
um let's see hi from Hong Kong Rhys
tortilla Wow all the way from Hong Kong
I love it I love how international our
audience was talking to one of our
producers via email last night we were
just saying how cool it was to see all
these countries that people come from so
yesterday we had Australia New Zealand
Canada the US the UK today I've got
Scotland I've got Hongkong banana
republics leaving us going off to work
yeah you're a great American your a
great Canadian I don't know where you
from
don't have to work you're a great human
being
let's see how did I like that fire
rainbow that floated over Charleston
South Carolina did not see that Ralston
is an awesome City though it's probably
just the weather phenomena but I love
Charleston you've never been in
Charleston South Carolina I strongly
suggest you go King Street and
Charleston has some of the best
restaurants I've never me
but back down to Mexico so you got
Mexico a country that has population
one-third the us they've about 100
million u.s. has about 330 million set
with Mexico about three times population
of Canada but Mexico has 30 million 30
million
I'm sorry 30 thousand murders here both
to the US haven't about 11 pounds
they have one-third our population and
they have three times the amount of
murders pretty dangerous place steel
anvil says great work donated thank you
steel handle like I said you are the
best looking most intelligent yes at
this second
absolutely but some Mexico very
dangerous place right one-third the
population of the US hundred could you
imagine if in the US or Canada we had a
hundred and thirty two politicians or
political candidates murdered in the
span of ten months that's thirteen a
month
that's 1300 minutes three two that's
three a week three and a half a week
that's insanity insanity so that the
cartels can say we control we control
this country you don't we control
Trish Morrison has an excellent question
little digression so I think Japan
should get offensive capabilities
because of China's claim of the South
China Sea uh I would object to it they
don't need it
China's not going to go to war in the
South China Sea because it would mean a
shooting war with the United States Navy
and that is a war the Chinese Navy could
never win they're a generation behind us
in technology but at the end of the day
China would be bankrupt would not be
able to feed their people if they had a
true conflict with the United States
wouldn't be able to poach tea MACC says
my mom emigrated Canada back in the
1950s she didn't ask her receive a dime
from the kitchen government why should
all these illegal immigrants get
anything now would not agree more a
migrate that my great-great grandparents
came on one side my great-grandparents
on the other but both already had
traveled through the u.s. or their
parents had to establish businesses and
buy property here from Italy both sides
from Italy they when they came here they
had owned they owned homes one owned a
commercial building with an apartment
above it they had already started their
businesses but they didn't need anything
when they got here they worked in Italy
they came here they built something and
then when they got off that boat at
Ellis Island literally they didn't uh
they weren't scrambling for work or
begging for work or Italians need not
apply they went into their businesses
turned the key opened them up and set up
shop
the illegals are not doing that that I'm
doing that coach your mom did that came
legally didn't ask the government friend
the illegals are coming here and they
want the government to support them so
they want to come to the US because
their countries are horrible because
they did nothing to make their country
better and then they're saying Americans
we want to be supported by you know some
work not saying they don't some work but
the Democrats want want Americans to
support these people the RN Wolverine
says Mexico equals super Chicago thing
Mexico equals are more dangerous Chicago
it's not super far more dangerous
hada Machiavelli sucks his all
immigration hurts Americans that's not
true that is not true I have friends in
New York they're immigrants one is a
dental surgeon the other is medical
doctor they both teach at one of the
most prestigious medical schools in the
United States I don't know how many
people they've helped how many people
they've saved they're brilliant so I I
have to fundamentally just there
Oh Hamid says my parents immigrated here
for my rock my dad as a doctor my mom
was a civil engineer before they had my
brothers enough bingo there you go there
you go
a doctor and a civil engineer and their
kids clearly are gonna follow those
example their kids are gonna follow
those examples you are your children
will outstanding work Jian Jilin asked
me do I think the cartels are running
Mexico according to the some of the new
El Prezi goes comments I do of course I
do
when 132 politicians and candidates are
killed in 10 months cartels are making
it very clear they run Mexico we know
they run Mexico why can't say I'm
Vicente Fox then sent they Fox was a guy
who the cartels been trolled and now he
has the audacity to come in and salt
Trump give me a break with that what am
i thoughts I don't legals crossing any
come back I don't and rumor sac asked me
I don't want to see illegals crossing it
anywhere I don't want to see them get in
the u.s. they can cross in and come back
I don't want to see it let's see I got a
lot of comments coming in now um let's
see let's see--let's bill anvil says my
whole family became cops in his day amen
brother
back the blue uh yeah I uh I missed the
job every day I really I started about I
left law enforcement I started a
business and it started to grow and it
was related we were tracking sex
offenders pedophile in large online
communities I just couldn't do both
anymore I was my business for taking up
too much of my time I was taking too
many vacation days it wasn't right so I
retired early and really worked
alongside law enforcement I and quite
frankly I went from the NYPD into my
business with my business still worked
alongside in my PD but got to work
alongside the US Marshals Department
Homeland Security the FBI it was really
really interesting works like noir to
stayed in it and though I left I retired
officially I sort of stayed doing the
same investigative work just on the
private side working with the agencies
not for the ages
I never really left
as the cartels are in power I yeah I
believe they are they have tremendous
tremendous way in Mexico tremendous it's
uh it's sad actually how much power the
cartels have in Mexico
and
River Smith says that they heard a very
low flying c-130 over their home at B
a.m. that's worrying well I don't think
that's too worrying especially we're in
the Charleston area
Charleston's military town you have
naval bases of naval air stations
hearing a military cargo plane fly low
over the city at 3 a.m. but just mean
that they had a flight path diversion
because of air traffic
I wouldn't worry too much about that
wouldn't worry too much I don't you know
the government look the government like
I told you yesterday can't get you out
of the Department of Motor Vehicles in
two hours believe me they're not
engaging in the Basques renkins
they're not have I seen Sicario day of
the Soldado John spaces no but I'm dying
to I loved the first Sicario movie I'm
watching the second one Oh River Smith
you're in the UK you live by the SAS
base
well the SAS is moving in and out of the
Middle East of course you sorry about
that by the way I saw a question from
Charleston I wouldn't worry about P 130
coming in loaded when SAS base that's
what they do I'm sure the SAS has
running a lot of missions know about
back to us kario Davis held I don't know
I've not seen it dying to see it I
wanted to try and catch it this weekend
my week you busy love the first one
being great great great reviews on the
second
outstanding reviews on the second
Chavez Oh doctor uh slappy says it loves
the show but has to go to work thanks
for watching
el chavo says el shamah said you can't
just sit by on the cartel's run you over
you must stand up and take that power
back door door but the cartels are
pretty brutal and the Mexican police and
military a corrupt the nation has let it
get out of control for too long or too
long the federales do a decent enough
job but I think the institutional the
institutional uh corruption there I
don't know how you overcome that I just
don't and ruber SEC says that you know
that Canadians an American women are not
safe at all in Mexico I don't think
everybody's safe anybody say from Mexico
Andrew I think it's very dangerous
country I won't go back down I just
won't go back down River Smith said
that's Armed Forces day not to worry not
to worry not to worry good dorm forces
day and hope the SAS is out there on
that c-130 doing some damage to
terrorists that's a yes
rock stars in the SAS feel Anvil's
Bridgeport Connecticut you guys are busy
in Bridgeport man if you're a brief or
cop no joke that city guys have your
share of crime
you have your share of crime stay safe
out there watch your six man no joke we
have a travel ban from Mexico not only
is that bad yet
Boston bort mishaps make sure we have a
travel ban from Mexico and travel from
Mexico
I just think Mexico needs to clean their
act up and get it together but now I'm
not a travel ban kind of guy I don't
think we need to go there but I do want
to see our neighbor to the south step it
up in terms of enforcement what I will
tell you is I don't know how Mexico
I don't know how Mexico cleans up its
institutional corruption
I don't know I just don't know how they
do it it's so pervasive it runs so deep
stampy bear says will this be a Daily
Show sure we'll be here every morning
7:30 day 30 ab-absolutely
but I don't know how my co cleans up its
institutional corruption I just don't it
runs so deep we think we have a deep
state
I think Mexico's corruption deep state
runs much deeper goes back much longer
Mexico's an older country than the
United States so they're deep state runs
so
I don't know how you weed out that kind
of corruption the our deep state I'm
sorry but a screen a screen they're
jumping around guys you can see that was
jumping around a bit
that was the software I was using just
did a little weird thing but the screen
but it seems to be fine now we'll
monitor that for you
Argyle Magoo bean says Mexico equals
Venezuela 2.0 well you know I don't know
because Mexico at least has the the
illusion of democracy and the cartels
can't have Mexico fall into a total
narco terrorist state because the
cartels need to hide because of mix of
Mexico element a total narco terrorist
then the US could possibly invade that's
the one thing the cartels are terrified
of the United States they know once our
military or special operators combine
with DEA and CIA get involved all bets
are off for Mexico they don't want to
have that happen that's something they
don't want to have
um what do I know about the claims of
Justin Trudeau groping that girl
eighteen years ago you know they're out
there Ezra's reporting on it other
outlets are reporting on it Trudeau is
claiming he doesn't remember beams
legitimate to me he seems like he did it
beam's like he did it
and I I don't know I don't know it's
gonna be very interesting to see how
this all shakes out it all goes down the
iron bowl for reading today I'll be out
of driver training so I can watch the
stream when it starts you're on the job
as well Wolverine if so stay safe out
there
well Shabbos was in the military for
eight years thank you very much for your
service
thank you very much John Zeeland says -
great show thanks John thank you John
for watching by the way you asked
excellent question
closed excellent excellent points only
one we're gonna do is we're gonna market
this show we're gonna promote it there's
only the second one but I think we've
got our format down pat we're gonna try
a couple of different things couple of
different formats some days we're gonna
be more free-flowing with your comments
other days I want to hit a couple of
topics but I want your feedback what do
you like better would you rather me take
your comments and run with those but you
rather me bring you analysis of a couple
of topics gonna be really important
because I want to make this a different
online experience I want to make this a
really different digital experience much
more unique Guy Fawkes is impeach Dustin
Trudeau that is up to the Canadian
people
now I'm not sure I gotta research this
but the process is you guys could
educate me either to remove a head of
state in Canada in the US we obviously
have impeachment assuming you guys do
something similar but just because he's
a beta male socialist I don't think
that's grounds for impeachment
unfortunately people ask me that all the
time you know we were talking about
removing the Sheriff of Broward County
and I said initially down here after the
Parkland shooting and
happy beer likes topics better than
chitchat some show clips all great I he
isn't gonna talk to the about him but
we're talking about removing the Sheriff
of Broward County in how he failed that
he did fail and his failures caused
parkland but there's a process and that
process is happening now and what you
need to when somebody's duly elected
even if they turn out to be an absolute
disaster
I'm not a fan of summary removal we need
a very thorough process remove those
people ifox says Justin Trudeau and Bill
Clinton can share a jail cell well
hey Steff Mariani sergeant Mariani from
the 46 precinct thank you very much
Steve that you have a safe and Patriot
forth as well thanks we're gonna be
doing this every day man you gotta tune
in and you see his chats that Mariani
was a four six sergeant and the Bronx
Break guy very well respected very
well-liked couldn't be happier that he's
watching why and Wolverine says with to
a couple of topics for the first half
hour and then comments the other half I
like that idea I like that I like the
comments because they're free-flowing I
can engage with you guys but I think the
topics are important as well because
we've got a lot of a lot of really well
topical things happening a lot of really
topical things happening here's where I
draw the line though see Bateman forest
has impeached Trudeau's eyebrows you
leave Trudeau's eyebrows Alone's they
are the best thing about Justin I will
never eat his eyebrows didn't want me to
either they make Canada great again you
can get rid of him
just keep the crawling brows hey guys
but yeah so I'm really glad you guys
gave me some input on the format it's um
gonna be very very important you have
enjoyin says mix and match as well you
know I'm liking that I'm liking that I
think we get some really solid
information out and then we do some
quick and rapid engagement in the second
half of the show I'm gonna talk to the
producers about it I really really like
it stampy bare says is there a tariff on
fake eyebrows I don't know if I gonna
call the White House about that I'm
gonna have to call the White House about
that did we impose what would you hey
Stephanie what do you think the tariff
should be we're going to impose a tariff
on for those eyebrows what would you say
it should be
waiting to your answer waiting for your
answer
and there goes you guys could see that
screen went a little hinky again
River Smith likes to mix and match
format throwing on me
mix and match is growing on me well guys
listen it has been absolutely absolutely
fun it's gonna be fun every single day
I'm gonna be with you every morning 7:30
a.m. I think we'll uh everybody else
seems to like the chit-chatting topics
as well I think we're gonna be doing
that I think that's the way we're
leaning I think fake eyebrows were huge
these days girl paint them on like girls
paint them on like rainbows
hmm
rainbows fake eyebrows tariffs on sake
eyebrows I really like half a million
dollar tariffs on fake eyebrows coach
says well I think we're gonna be doing
that that I'm gonna talk to my producers
see when we hone in the format it really
seems like everybody likes mix and match
thanks by the way for the input you guys
here in America have a great fourth you
guys have an awesome fourth it has been
absolutely fun to be with you I'll be
back we I won't be here tomorrow
that's fourth of July I'm gonna take the
day off I'll be back with you Thursday
morning 7:30 a.m. thank you so much for
watching
