it's our fifth day here in Israel and
you know we were here last year at the
top of the Golan Heights and we can
overlook Syria right behind us is the
Syrian city of Quneitra now that city
has actually been rebuilt since the Yom
Kippur War over here is the old city of
Quneitra and they've left it the Syrians
have as a propaganda tool they left it
bombed out and destroyed they didn't
rebuild the city there they built a
whole new city because they leave this
city here as a testament to the apparent
Israeli aggression when the Israelis
pushed back the Syrian incursion at the
valley of Tears
another thing I wanted to check back in
on from last year is the presence of the
UN up here at the top of the Golan
Heights I remember last year I wanted to
do a piece in front of the UN observer
but because I started my piece at about
4:45 the UN observer had already left
his spot where he was bird-watching into
the Syrian civil war and he had started
to walk back down the mountain and today
is Saturday here in Israel and the UN
outposts where they look and watched the
Syrian civil war is again empty as we
can hear in the background if we're
quiet and if we're here long enough as
I'm standing here I can hear the
artillery shelling in the background of
the Syrian civil war and yet the UN
observers aren't even here because
apparently they believe that civil wars
are fought on bankers hours for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gunnery it's day
five here in Israel and I'm at the top
of the Golan Heights to see all of our
coverage from here on the ground in the
holy land go to rebel Israel calm
you
