I'm here at the Israeli Lebanese border
so you can see out to sea there a
demarcation line and that D marks that
are Lebanese waters vs. Israeli waters
and in order to defend their waters they
also position missile ships just off the
coast they're fairly useful evidently
when they're in action and I guess it's
just one of those strange things you
observe of an outsider living at all
times
sharing borders with people who are not
your friends you know we talk in Europe
about open borders but actually every
border there's tension and conflict and
here that is very apparent and very
obvious the United Nations are here the
Lebanese are just around the corner and
missile ships are required to protect
the people of Israel the rebel media
team are here in Israel at the Lebanese
border bringing you the truce that the
mainstream media won't if you want to
hear more from us join our journey at
rebel is real calm
