you know the United States has really
fallen behind in worldwide education
rankings over the past few decades
policymakers discussed school curriculum
teachers testing but one thing they
haven't considered is motivating
students by placing tanks outside like a
certain Chinese school has let's take a
look
take a visit to the he bei province of
China and you might run into a school
named hang schooi at number one high
school China's Ministry of Education has
investigated the school in the past for
treating students too harshly the kids
are apparently required to study at
least 15 hours a day with 15-minute
breaks for food but this militaristic
approach to education got a bit more
intense this week when hang should we
held a ceremony to welcome two tanks
from the People's Liberation Army onto
the school property this of course
brings to mind the 1989 Tiananmen Square
protests which resulted in a death toll
ranging from several hundred to over ten
thousand people depending on whether you
ask the Chinese government or if you
look at a British cable which was secret
until recently the tanks have serial
numbers on them representing two of
China's most prestigious universities
and an unnamed school staff member said
we hope that each student and teacher
will carry forward the spirit of
fearlessness towards any difficulties
and of making sacrifices and fight
bravely never taking a break in studying
in fighting and in contributing I'm
really wondering if these things just
sit outside or if the administration
drives them around to the windows and
maybe pokes the turrets inside on test
day that would really inspire
fearlessness there's another branch with
a hang schooi school in China's Zhejiang
province I'm probably butchering all of
these names and that branch apparently
rewards students who get into China's
top two universities with five hundred
thousand yuan or seventy-six thousand
dollars the director of the Education
Bureau over there said that hang Kiwi is
a typical exam oriented case in which
grades are more important than humans
they believe this is advanced but we
think it's outdated and we don't need it
in Zhejiang but is it outdated or just
not in line with left-wing feeling over
facts sensibilities after all there must
be a reason why Asian students are
vastly over-represented at top
universities no video games until
homework is done no participation
trophies and scolding if you get a B+
what if tanks at school are just the
latest manifestation of the tiger mom
parenting method
campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
