seek motorcyclists in Ontario can now
ride their choppers without wearing a
helmet I'm gonna explain why this
religious exemption might not be such a
great idea
well since taking office in June the
Ford pcs have been doing a fantastic job
when it comes to living up to their
campaign promises but here's one promise
I wish they hadn't kept or at least I
wish they had modified it so that it
would be fair to all namely it's now
legal for Sikhs to ride motorcycles
without wearing a helmet in doing so
religious considerations have trumped
personal safety something that isn't
supposed to happen if you follow the law
to a tee in fact when Sikhs have gone to
court in Canada in the past to challenge
the helmet law on religious grounds
they have always failed the reason while
the courts agree that Sikh men are
mandated to wear a turban due to their
faith there's absolutely nothing in the
Sikh faith that requires them to ride a
Harley yet so it is that an N Theriot
and a few other provinces a helmet
exemption rule now applies to Sikhs
based on political as opposed to legal
reasons but there was such a simple way
around this issue to begin with namely
Ontario could have made helmet use
optional for all motorcyclists just as
helmet use for bicyclists in just about
every jurisdiction in the world is also
optional and why not leave it up to the
individual to go helmetless especially
given that if an accident should occur a
motorcyclist without a helmet doesn't
really harm anyone else except
potentially himself you want to play it
safe by wearing a helmet
fine by me you'll want to roll the dice
go for it
now the argument in favor of the
exemption is this how does such a
religious exemption hurt other
motorcyclists well it potentially does
in terms of higher insurance rates for
all bikers I reached out to the would-be
bass Mitchell and whale
Insurance Brokers Limited which
specializes in motorcycle insurance
president Adam Mitchell told me that if
you have more riders without helmets
there will definitely be an upswing in
injuries and number of deaths he likens
a motorcyclist riding without a helmet
to be like a car driver removing the
vehicle seat belts and airbags in that
the removal of any safety device will
invariably lead to more claims of a
serious nature
Mitchell suspects the insurance industry
will analyze the data in Ontario in the
months ahead and if there's a spike in
injuries and fatalities then the
insurance industry will surely submit an
application to raise rates and such a
rate increase will likely affect all
riders across the board there's another
issue at play here too if a non Sikh
motorcyclist wants to go helmetless I
presume he could state that he
identifies as a Sikh and is therefore
exempt from the helmet rule do you think
any cop would charge such a person do
you think any court would convict him
not now but again there was an easy and
fair solution for this issue namely
implement one law for all whether it
calls for helmet used to be mandatory or
helmets to be optional regardless of
one's faith I think that would be called
doing the right thing for the rebels on
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the Breville has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
