can you tell us your name and your role
along the vide the mill of thought and
sterile tell us a little bit about
stirrup for people that wouldn't have a
clue living in the UK living in the
States
what is it that's unique about this
place it's not especially especially
town because the because they rely and
because the situation this is I think
this is where I don't find another city
all over the free world that been under
this at work of Te'o more than 10 years
more than 10,000 rockets to the area
organization and the Hamas and the GI
jihad and the ISIS that put billion of
billions of dollars to try to kill us
they tried it to do it from the sky now
they tried to do it in the under the
ground and now we see what do what they
do every day and it's really I not I not
understand these people I can think
about solution that we know that this is
not about the ground this is not about
piece of land this is not about the
price of oil or something this is a
dialogic very very bad the logic that
believed that if they will bring a bad
and bad things to the area they will a
solution their problem you you live here
you're the mayor of this town and you
live under a constant state of attack
you you live in a zone called the 15
second zone yes and what does that mean
for you your people the main I can give
you example two days ago two days ago in
four o'clock in the in the night and the
alarm system started shouting severed
Ahmedabad caller yes and I have seven
kids with my why my wife we need to in
15 seconds we need to get 17 wake up
wake wake them up and you know we call
Maria we call her here we call all the
names and we need to take them everyone
together to go to the shelter in 15
seconds
Tibet's dolly I was gonna ask you
exactly that question as a mum how when
you go to sleep at night how do you go
to so if we we say we had a good sleep
we say oh I had a deep sleep can you
ever have a deep sleep can you ever do
you sleep with like one I like open
first in my seven seven kids I have two
two children two daughter that's often
from post-trauma problem they mean is
that yes trauma the mean is that very
fighting and like example if you are in
this situation in the last one this
month they sleep with us very close to
us fighting to get out from the house
fighting and always looking and call
father mother will allow you you know
I'm very busy I'm with the male and my
wife she's walking outside from the town
so it's very difficult a difficult
situation but we are not feel that we
are miserable people we feel that we are
the front line on the battle of against
this tale because I know when I sit and
live instead and when you and you can go
around surrounds the OT if you will see
all the buildings and all the new
neighborhood and all the happy people
that live here you will understand that
this is not a local bottle it's not a
local wall each wall from one side the
the jihad and Isis and all in - and all
these Hamas and all this organization
that few country it gives them a lot of
money and from the other side I think we
are the free world and I'm I think that
I am ambassador of United States of
Europe that if you will not stand and
give them back a fight and the army good
and make a good job with with this
situation and we have a I will fight the
civilian fight and for us when I wake up
and I know that every morning people
come to the walk living is the Lord no
no run away and a new neighborhood their
building so I think that we want and I
wanted to ask you
what the question that maybe people
would ask at home would be why does
anyone come live here if you build a new
house why would people come what gives
you that I hear it in you this I'm on
the front line of this fight
a regular family why do they come are
they joining that fight are they
standing up what what is it why do
people come here it's because of me I
mean good male
no I'm kidding I'm kidding look we have
just one country the Jewish nation of
just it's too United state in Israel no
I'm kidding the way of just one country
and we see what's happened to the Jewish
nation in Europe when someone want to
kill them and they cannot run in the
Holocaust no one can help them and this
is our lonely country very small country
very strong country very country that
believed that this our land we think
that we bring to the world a good a good
things you know everyone that using a
computer in the United State in all over
the world use with the mind of the
Israeli people we know about the cyber
the Israeli cyber we know about the itec
of Israel so we give to the world
very good things beside that where the
problem that we are surrounded with
country that believe in till we see
what's happening so we see what's
happened in Lebanon we see what's
happened in Gaza and I hope that the
leadership of the world understand this
situation and will not and will stop to
pressure on the leadership of Israel and
my last question I know you're very busy
man is in the UK where I come from
our leadership thinks that the idea with
terrorists is to hug them to love them
to bring them closer to let them come
back to give them actually school places
and homes your view on what needs to be
done with terrorists that try to hurt
your people I suffered for the one side
you need with we tell you must destroyed
if there is a leadership in Gaza hanya a
No
this guy that teach the children and
support until and make though you need
to kill them this is the thing that you
can you can do for the other side
I need that we need an economic solution
but I can give you advice tell to your
leadership and tell your people invest
the money not in Gaza we can build
school we can build the hospital we can
build factory very close to Gaza make an
international place that you will be in
child with Israel in Egypt and with that
way we can help them but to take money
to an organization like Indra an
organization that in the end the money
they said that they sent the money to
the hospital and to the school but we
see what what they do they invest
billions of dollar and a lot of time to
just if I make tunnels under the gun for
what to go outside after two Hills and
to try to kill our children I think this
is a not a good a good a good goal and
you know I understand why the Hamas do
it because you have a problem you cannot
give a good answer to their people but I
cannot understand organization from
Europe that support in this in the Hamas
and support and send money they send
money more than 40 years to this area
and something changed nothing change the
Hamas continue the education they teach
the children that if you will if you
will blow a bus in Jerusalem and JN of
Tel Aviv if you will send rocket if you
will send a balloon to the Tuesday Lord
what's the balloon in the end my
children can touch in this balloon and
blow so this is your goal so I hope that
the people of few of the people of all
over the world understand and push the a
leadership to find another way
absolutely and I just wanted to say you
are on the
line you are leading a fight back is
your view that you will win this fight
as you sit here on the front line with
15 seconds warning we won we will not
win every day that you can come to is
the Lord and go around drink coffee go
to the market enjoy with enjoy enjoy
this is our one this is when it's not
win
- like hanya a nice guy the leadership
of Gaza when the army go back in against
Gaza they go under the ground in the
shelter and send the people to today to
the border to send tinge angel to the
border and say to them go and try to
kidnap a soldier this is not to be a
hero Pilsen this to be very very stupid
the leadership evil evil leadership that
really don't have any answer for the
people of Gaza last question I promise
will you come and lead the UK because we
really need someone like you could you
come and be our mayor in London please
because it's really rubbish I believe
that I have my trouble and my people I
prefer to say to continue with our
people you can you can they put you in
my pocket and take your home if you take
one of seven kids in charge of them
thank you very much indeed for your time
I really appreciate it thank you
you
