I'm on a hill overlooking Gaza we're in
a town called the Surat which is right
on the edge the people here daily
exposed to the potential of missiles
coming over from Gaza now for me this is
a very interesting trip I was raised a
Muslim in some ways I was raised to be
certainly angry or suspicious of other
Jews and to some extent outright despise
them I was surrounded by anti-semitism
growing up and it was until I but
probably went to high school that I got
to know Jews had Jews as friends
attended bar mitzvahs and later went to
Jewish weddings and and I guess had a
mixed orientation where I had lots of
friends with Jews I understood the human
side of some of their experiences but at
the same time I was from a community
where significant numbers certainly not
all but they'll certainly an underbelly
of real anti-semitism and outright hate
to some extent but amongst a group of
people who had very little contact with
actual Jews and in some ways as overlaps
with that here with a similar problem
where today there's a real competition
for victimhood if you like in this area
it was interesting seeing an academic
yesterday in on towards Jerusalem
towards the Forgotten the actual name of
the town a Jewish University and he said
most of this is not necessarily about
religion but I actually found
interesting because I think historically
it hasn't been about religion it's been
about territory whereas more recently
it's been refracted through religion
partly reflecting our age of terrorism
if you like I'm sound view I mean I'll
keep doing updates on what should be a
fascinating trip here in Israel if you
like this video subscribe to rebel media
for this particular trip go to rebel
Israel calm for more content
you
