this is basic to the propaganda that
started with the false flag terror event
on 9/11 which was of course a Zionist
job Israel first neocon job with a
Benjamin Netanyahu having laid out the
scenario way back in 1979
well that bloke was University of
Lethbridge professor Anthony Hall he's
been a distinguished guest on very
reputable outlets like Press TV owned by
the completely unbiased Islamic Republic
of Iran broadcasting is it funny when
these hacks try to use excessively
generic names to normalize their
ridiculous ideas like oh hey we're not
Iranian propaganda or Press TV or just
the press or oh hey I'm Richard Spencer
I'm advocating a white ethnos day
through the National Policy Institute
anyway back to Professor Anthony Hall
the guy doesn't only think 9/11 was a
Zionist job no he also thinks Isis is in
bed with Israel this is la McStay is a
proxy army it is sponsored funded armed
especially by Saudi Arabia which is very
closely connected to Israel now the
University of Lethbridge suspended
Anthony but then reinstated him the
professor was back to talk about one of
his favorite topics
Islamophobia earlier this month go to
the Islamophobia industry this is the
name given to like the Pam Keller's the
David Horowitz is the Daniel Pipes all
these think tanks and you know media
initiatives cite intelligence Rita cots
I mean there's a whole complex of
funding agencies often philanthropic
families you know Jewish background who
fund these think tanks these publicity
centers it's been dubbed by some the
Islamophobia industry and of course you
know false flag terrorism is a possible
related subject I would argue this is of
course what the left does with every
privileged identity group you can write
a completely straight news piece just
sticking to the facts but if it makes
one of their special pet victim groups
look bad you're no longer espousing
truth you're suddenly preaching hatred
but let's talk a bit about Anthony's
obsession with false Flags Joshua Blake
and one of the guys graduate students
received with 7700
$14 scholarship to study 9/11 conspiracy
theories oh and look here the ongoing
financial commitment of the province of
Alberta made this possible well that's
money from all of you our burdens out
there who actually contribute to society
in meaningful ways and it's not just
scholarships the University of
Lethbridge itself is publicly funded as
for Anthony he has a pretty Mitylene
rate my professor score some people
praised him for being extremely
passionate and an energetic hippie with
fascinating concepts but then he gets
the reviews noting his left-wing bias
claiming he abuses the stage he receives
as a teacher and suggesting he's not too
tolerant saying you cannot tell people
that they are wrong just because they
disagree with you and that's really the
gist with these far-left scholars dare
to bring conservative or libertarian
speakers to the campus and you get
called a Nazi but call them out when
they claim Israel did 9/11 or that white
supremacist patriarchy caused the Vegas
Massacre and then you are violating
their academic freedom or free speech
rights for campus unmasked I'm Rob Simms
Jacque if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
