social media giant Facebook has taken
down over 800 accounts just a month out
from midterms did they target
conservatives let's talk about that
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel
okay we all know social media censoring
happens a lot and as many of us also
know more often than not it is
conservatives who are getting censored
it's happened to me and practically
every other vocal or high profile
conservative on the Internet I have even
had Google censor my own website not my
social media pages my website itself and
a month out for midterm elections
Facebook decided to do a fun little
purge of about 800 Facebook pages now
they said that they purged pages on both
sides of the aisle but declined to
comment on whether conservative pages
were more heavily censored and removed
of course they really don't need to
comment because we all know it was most
certainly more conservative pages that
were taken down Facebook claims that
these pages were taken down because they
were spreading sensational political
content oh so you mean like reporting
stories that don't look good for the
left yeah that's the kind of content
they love to suppress and D monetize and
remove I have literally had hundreds of
posts from Facebook taken down saying
that they violate community standards
blah blah blah blah blah of course when
I email them back to find out exactly
which community standard it violated I
never get a response some of the pages
taken down were nation in distress a
page called snowflakes one called
reasonable people unite another one
called the resistance and right wing
news now frankly I have never heard of
any of those but maybe it's because I
only follow reputable people and news
sources with the exception of New York
Times and basically all of mainstream
media because as we all know their
credibility is seriously in question
right now as reported by ABC Facebook
said it doesn't look at the content of
the posts and photos that the accounts
are spreading but rather the behavior of
the pages such as whether they are using
fake accounts or sending spam when
deciding whether to remove them so I
don't know if I buy the reasoning behind
it or their criteria for the pages and
counts that counts that they delete so
what do you think do you think that this
is yet another coordinated
temped by the left to silence
conservatives before the midterms or do
you think that it's legitimate let us
know in the comments thanks so much for
watching everybody i'm amanda head the
hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com i'm amanda
head for the rebel
