if you make a triangle between Tel Aviv
on the coast Jerusalem counted down in
the middle you go north of Jerusalem you
hit REO you go east of Tel Aviv you hit
RL as well you see that okay
Arielle is equidistant between the
natural borders of Israel on the one
hand the Jordan River on the other hand
the Mediterranean Sea I say natural
borders of Israel because there actually
aren't to this day clear borders for the
State of Israel there aren't clear
borders for the State of Israel when we
say settlements when we say West Bank
neither of those neither of those are
terms that I'm comfortable using I refer
to the region where we are right now as
judea and samaria rani mentioned it
before we're in samaria what does that
mean so we're gonna do a quick synopsis
and again questions as you feel
comfortable so we have to remember that
Israel is not an afterthought to the
Holocaust Israel isn't a modern-day
invention Israel is a return in in
gathering of exiles who for thousands of
years were not permitted to be here or
establish their Commonwealth so back in
biblical times this area was referred to
as Judea and Samaria and there's all
sorts of biblical characters that lived
in and walked around these areas if
you're familiar with scripture you'd be
familiar with the names of the places
around you that's where the the historic
terminology judea samaria is born
fast-forward to 1947 before the
establishment of the state of israel
1947 the international community under
the united nations is trying to figure
out what are we going to do with Tova
can be there can we try to get the
lights back on so you just give a holler
up there thank you what are we the
international community not the people
living in Israel going to do with Israel
after all we the international community
promised to establish the State of
Israel a Jewish state
a Jewish state not only including all of
this area between the Jordan and the
Mediterranean but also further to the
east modern-day Jordan was supposed to
be part of the Jewish state it's very
confusing though because the term used
back in 1917 1920 and 1922 first in the
Balfour Declaration then in the San Remo
conference of the late League of Nations
was not Israel it was called the British
Mandate for Palestine today we think
that Palestine is designed to be an Arab
state but Palestine the original term
Palestine was associated with what would
be a Jewish state so very very confusing
we haven't even gotten to 2018 we're
already confused Jennie I'll give you a
holler when we're ready for the video
okay no not just yet I'll let you know
not yet no you can breathe poor Jenny
she's working very hard folks there's a
lot of people involved in making sure
that your visit is a success thank you
Jennie a Latino
so we've already confused ourselves so
let's try to D D confuse ourselves in
1947 that same United Nations comes up
with something called the partition plan
the partition plan is a plan to break
down part of Israel into parts and say
let's make an Arab state and a Jewish
state and Jerusalem will be an
international capital an international
City excuse me that is a plan that has
been regurgitated for generation after
generation 71 years later people still
talk about what they call a two-state
solution have you heard that term before
Tuesday's solution they're talking about
a plan from 1947 1947 well 17 in 2022
let's leave that aside because I don't
want to confuse too much 1947 before the
establishment of the State of Israel how
good was that plan that - State Planning
back in 1947 it was such a great idea
the Jews said yeah well let's do that
because some of a state is better than
no state let's do that but the Arabs
said not a good idea instead we're just
gonna push all the Jews into the sea
that was back in 1947
the beginning of our war of independence
began before we declared our
independence the day of the United
Nations Declaration General Assembly
partition plan the Arab nations
particularly locally here in this area
started to fight with Israel our War of
Independence had began the two-state
solution has never been more successful
than that it always ends up with
bloodshed the end of that war is in 1949
and I need us to look at our maps
because there's a line going through
your map in the color green it goes
right through Israel right through those
natural borders of Israel you see that
green line okay
can I get some nods if you see the green
line okay because the lighting isn't
great because if we want to show a
little quick film does anyone know what
the Green Line is called the Green Line
good answer
100% accurate the Green Line is called
the Green Line that's why we made a
green it has other names as well the
reason it was called the Green Line it's
because at the end of our War of
Independence
a line was drawn a ceasefire line was
drawn with a green pen ceasefire line
what does that mean it means that that's
not a border that son an internationally
recognized border that means that in
1947 we all agreed to 1949 we all agreed
to stop fighting here and everything
that was north south and west of that
line is internationally recognized
Israel everything to the east or right
side of that line is disputed
territories we're in that area that is
considered disputed territories now it's
how a lot of different names to it a lot
of the names are associated with it are
they called the West Bank why do they
call the West Bank because Jordan which
by then already was a nation laid claim
to this area was their Jordanian legion
who had a military presence here from 48
until 1967 and so they were in control
of the area but it's interesting to note
that a term that was never used back
then was occupied territories nobody
said that the Jordanians are occupied
this area what happened in 1967 is the
Jordanians were no longer here because
there was another war we've had a bunch
of those around here wars are a
recurring phenomenon and so there was
another war was called a six-day war now
I asked this question to the last group
with heritage tours that came and not
everybody was was correct in answering
this question how long was the six-day
war six days I heard seven days is
actually not a completely bad answer but
it's basically six days okay if you told
me was 14 days and I have to send you
guys back to have a better breakfast the
six-day war turned us from an extreme
underdog into a position where we
actually had control over this area and
Israel and next or applied sovereignty
to East Jerusalem remember that green
line you see how it goes through
Jerusalem when they talk about East and
West Jerusalem they're talking about
that green line from 1949 and then in
1967 when Israel gets controlled and
unifies the city so we have sovereignty
over that area
but other areas like arielle like most
of this region have not yet been
resolved
internationally Israel has not
officially applied its sovereignty and
there are many powers that be that are
trying to create another Arab state over
here and call it a Palestine which would
be not a Jewish Palestine but an Arab
Palestine that would be the theory again
that gets back down the road of the
two-state solution I would argue that
it's not a solution but that's kind of
the terminology I want to just ask by a
show of hands or not even by a show of
hands does anyone have any questions
about this because it's really important
that we understand the map in order to
understand why it's so significant that
we do this visit Ari oh please I'm still
trying to understand a phrase I've heard
over the years that's trans Jordan is
that prior to 1967 1947 right so
Transjordan was the name given to Jordan
before it was Jordan was originally
called trans Jordan because was the
other side of the Jordan River
this now it's called a Jordan
a country Jordan there was their attempt
to extend themselves to the West which
is where we are now and that was that
their attempt at sovereignty here was
not recognized by the international
community and even they themselves
rescinded that claim they have no claims
now to this area and yet still the world
prefers to use the term West Bank a
Jordanian term right referring to the
west bank of the Jordan River because
the alternative to calling it the West
Bank is calling it the historic term
Judea and Samaria you can call the
historic term well then it becomes
really clear who the Judean czar right
they're not Arabs right they're not
anyone other than the Jewish people and
so it's not PC in the in the pro
two-state community to call this area
Judea Samaria please you make a great
point and the answer and just to your
point and I don't normally get into this
level of specificity but I'm glad that
you asked with the gentlemen your name
Graham Levine is explaining is that the
Israel gets a bad rap in the
international community because they say
that Israel is in transgression of
international law and if you say that
often enough oh I guess it must be true
the only problem with that is that
international law only makes sense if
it's standard for everyone if
international law singles out only one
country it's not international law
anymore its prejudice
so the standard operating procedure
around the world is when you want to get
to a point of
understanding what nation is sovereign
in a certain area you go back to the
pre-war status before everyone started
fighting the pre-war status as you
mentioned Israel upon his Declaration of
Independence included this area as well
and if that was also based upon that
same League of Nations documentation the
San Remo conference which said that this
whole area is Israel and so you go to
the status quo if the status quo is this
is Israel
so by international law this needs to
actually be Israel unless determine
otherwise a named interim situation
post-war ceasefire line certainly can't
prevent it from being Israel but people
don't like to talk about that they try
to get that out of the international law
discussion but you're correct in your in
your assessment please well for two
reasons you can't actually occupy
yourself but more than that you can't
occupy an area that doesn't have its own
sovereignty this region was previously
under the Ottoman Empire it wasn't a
country by the way it was the West who
made all the countries here in the
Middle East and that hasn't worked out
so well in case you haven't been
following the news for the last 100
years you know the war ended more the
World War 1 ended more than 100 years
ago it hasn't gone so well but anyway
the whole country thing there was no
country here the Ottoman Empire was
followed by the British Mandate which
was followed by Israel's Declaration of
Independence and Jordans interim
presence here which they again no longer
made claim to so the default is
obviously Israel and so obviously you
cannot occupy an area that's yours you
also can't occupy an area that's not a
country so well well said I want to take
two more questions before we get into
the please yeah so I want a great
question who's providing the services
here so this area is actually broke
up into three sub areas called areas a B
and C simple enough to remember areas
and by the way this was broken up in
1993 under the Oslo Accords also a
failed attempt at creating at being a
precursor to a two-state solution they
said let's give as much independence to
a Palestinian Authority a government
without a state let's give them as much
as much power as possible and so in that
theory area a is under complete
Palestinian Authority control we're
going to go out to the balcony before we
head onto the buses we're going to get a
glimpse to area a a nearby community
that's under area a full Palestinian
Authority control area C like re L where
you're sitting is under full Israeli
control an area B is under Israeli
security control and Palestinian
Authority municipal control we can get
into actually how the services work but
I can tell you as a taxpaying Israeli
living in RAL I get all the services
necessary and whatever services I don't
get so I personally run the Arielle
foundation to make sure that we can
raise funds to build wonderful places
like the Center for the Performing Arts
where you're sitting now so that we can
do more than what government provides
whether the Palestinian of the residents
under the auspices of the Palestinian
Authority whether they that get those
sort of same opportunities unfortunately
history is proven that that's not the
case and they are disenfranchised by
their own government but it is their own
government in those areas and government
without a state I saw hands please
okay great question there's no such
thing as Palestine there's never been a
Palestine and personally I hope there
never is a Palestine that's my personal
point but the first two points are not
personal they're fact okay Palestine the
origin of the term Palestine goes back
to the Romans which go back to the
Philistines anyone here ever read the
Bible a bunch of you
okay so we've opened a hotel right so
you've had a chance to read the bible
and in the bible the kind of incessant
challenger to a jewish israeli
sovereignty thousands of years ago with
the philistines the philistines came in
from the sea for the mediterranean sea
they largely assembled themselves along
the coastal plain and there were certain
attempts for them to constantly move
over towards the east and i'm not going
to go in all the battles but that again
happened frequently and so when the
Romans destroyed Jerusalem 2,000 years
ago they said how do we rebrand
Jerusalem right the Palestinian
narrative the concept of rebranding this
area as an area other than Israel was
not invented in the last 70 years or 100
years it was invented by the Romans
the Romans rebranded Jerusalem they
called Israel they called the region
Capitolina deep Palestina the word
Palestina was a reference again let's
talk about the Philistines instead of
Jerusalem let's talk about the West Bank
instead of Judea Samaria same deal and
so when this area has been referred to
by many different terms over time the
Levant as a geographical region part of
the Ottoman Empire as I mentioned before
and so the war of terminology is
constant you're all here not only with
heritage tours but rebel media and you
understand the sensitivity of
terminology terminology is is the front
lines of the the media war if you will
about what goes on here I actually want
to use that point as a segue into
getting more specifically into arielle
okay because arielle is founded anyone
want to guess what birthday we're
celebrating this year
right as a state we are celebrating 70
in re L we're celebrating the 40th
birthday of the city okay re I was 40
years old 40 years young we're not over
the hill but we are at the top of the
hill as we travel around you will see us
Minh range and so we are at the top of
the hill and 40 years let's think about
that for a second let's go back to 1978
what was happening in 78 so Israel was
then beginning to broker its first peace
treaty in the region with Egypt does
everybody remember the Camp David
Accords Menachem Begin was the Prime
Minister of Israel Jimmy Carter the
president of the United States and Anwar
Sadat the president of Egypt and Sadat
and Carter had a proposition for begging
they said let's make peace we're gonna
we got a great formula for you we've
called it land for peace you give us
land we give you peace there are some
people who think that the better formula
is peace for peace but anyway let's
leave that aside that was the formula
back then we've got a great idea first
of all you Israel got control over the
Sinai Peninsula in 1967 we Egypt wanted
back we'll stop fighting with you if you
just give us the Sinai oh and another
thing we want to take control we want to
create another Arab state in an area
called the West Bank where we are right
now what is big in respond he says to
request number one I will give you the
Sinai Peninsula in return I will remove
all the Israelis living there I will
destroy their communities you can have
the Sinai but Israel is too small for me
to give you also the so-called West Bank
oh and by the way and this is clearly in
the minutes of those meetings it's not
the West Bank
it's called Judea and Samaria that goes
back to beggin let's look at our maps
again for a second what is bacon saying
you don't see the Sinai on the map but
you can look at it on your Google Maps
at your earliest opportunity it's a big
landmass and by losing the Sinai we've
significantly shrunk Israel to these
very very tight borders that barely we
can survive in a challenging
neighborhood
but what happens if we shrunk more let's
imagine that we went back to the Green
Line look at the distance between the
Mediterranean Sea by Netanya and the
Green Line what's that distance nine
miles okay was Abba Eban
our kind of foreign minister or a
legendary minister who said that those
were the Asch wits borders of the Israel
those are indefensible borders there's
no way that any country can live with a
nine mile width and our neighbors are
not the Americans or the Canadians kind
of you know or even the Japanese we have
we live in a challenging neighborhood
and this is not something that we can
survive and therefore says Prime
Minister begging instead of leaving this
region I'm actually going to see to it
that Israelis have an opportunity to
move here and so on August 17th 1978
were just a month and a half away from
our 40th birthday the first 40 families
come to arielle on September 17th 1978
one month to the day later the Camp
David Accords are signed Camp David
Accords are signed on with an
understanding that in order to create
peace in this area especially with a
land for peace model Israel must have
security that's why our yell is located
is identified as the prime location
there are other locations at the time as
well but Arielle is slated to grow to a
city okay so if the first founders of
arielle come here out of a security need
not for Arielle but to secure tel-aviv
in the rest of Israel the city begins to
grow from a small community of 40
families
slowly but surely into what will become
a city it's 20 years later I'm giving
you the 40 year history of Arielle now
in four minutes or less then we can
break for some questions and hopefully
understand what we're about to see today
so the 40 year history in four years or
less is first august seventeenth
nineteen forty nine teen seventy eight
Arielle is founded as a city 20 years
later in 1998 Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu yes
he was the Prime Minister then also
Prime Minister Netanyahu recognizes
Arielle as a city
as a full municipality in Israel whether
or not this is part of internationally
recognized Israel not it has a city
status and that begins to bring us from
a security orientation to being here
into the next phase of our ELLs Genesis
which is a consensus community in Israel
an area that no one in Israel will
compromise or be willing to compromise
when I say no one and I say consensus
those are relative terms I know that you
guys are on your first full day in
Israel today so have you heard what they
say about Jewish folks in general that
if you have two Jews you have three
opinions you heard that before okay
that's an exponential factor when you
talk about Israelis okay so you've got
two Israelis you've got a very
interesting conversation going on so
there's no such thing as consensus
meaning everyone agrees consensus means
look at Israeli policy look at Israeli
government's when Israel has a say so
they do a lot of things to make sure
that arielle isn't going anywhere
won't be compromised even if this is a
huge if with many many question marks
even if a Palestinian state will ever be
created so even under those
circumstances Israel develops
infrastructure in such a way to make
sure that Arielle is part and parcel of
the State of Israel when peace deals
quote-unquote land for peace deals were
put on the table to offer up to you
ninety-nine percent of disputed
territories to the Palestinian Authority
please take a state and they of course
always said no the one percent the small
percentage that always would remain part
of Israel included Arielle so we have
many many examples why Israeli policy
will not compromise this location
remember the basic thesis you can't
compromise this location if you're going
to secure the State of Israel and then I
fast forward to the 2018 we started with
78 we went to 98 now in 2018 Arielle is
not only a city that's providing for the
local residents and you're going to see
as we travel around the city we provide
not only for the local residents but for
all of the Israeli communities in the
area we're the regional hub we also
provide for our Arab or Palestinian
neighbors and that again terminology is
sensitive
people call the Arabs of the region
Arabs other people call them
Palestinians because that's how some of
them self-identify as a people I will
use the terms interchangeably please
forgive me if either of the terms is
offensive to you I have to be PC a
little bit every now and then so the
point is though that our Arab neighbors
have many more opportunities because our
al is here from the founding of the city
when Israel connected our yellow to the
water grid and the electric grid that
was the first opportunity for our
neighbors to be connected as well and
most of them took advantage of the
opportunity those who didn't complain
decades later Oh Israel's not giving us
water or like or electric well that's
because you said no moving right along
Arielle when we go to the industrial
park we're going to see industries where
thousands of Arab Palestinians are
employed they have employment they have
food on their table with full Israeli
grade salaries and social benefits
because there are Israeli industrialists
here when we go to the other end of the
of the city by the time we get to the
University we'll see that there's a new
medical campus being built on the
University campus which is intentionally
built by the east exit to the city so
that there's easy access for both
Israeli and Palestinian populations
alike and so in 2018 we already see that
Arielle is not only a source of
prosperity for the locals not only for
all the air the Israelis of the region
but for our neighbors as well and so in
lieu of some sort of magical piece
that's going to come from heaven we're
doing things from the ground up that are
benefiting everyone ladies and gentlemen
we have a couple moments for questions
and then I want to introduce you to
another gentleman one just we have an
opportunity to get your viewpoint on the
BDS movement
I'll give you something a little kernel
of that and hopefully you'll get that
over the over the course of this visit
is everyone familiar with the acronym
BDS ok good every time we say BD
we legitimize the D legitimize errs I'll
explain very briefly the boycott divest
and sanctions movement is an amorphous
movement it's not an organization it's a
movement lots of college kids buy their
computers and others we're doing
everything they can to boycott Israel
and within Israel I'm proud to say that
you are all sitting in the boycotted
capital of the world even the seats that
you're sitting in right now have been
boycotted did you know that you guys
came to the boycott capital first day in
this well Roni has a great plan for you
guys I'm telling you
one is the boycott capital so we know
that me as well as the most boycotted
country in the world and when academics
are asked for why Israel the only
democracy in the Middle East the only
place where all the liberal rights that
the academia is looking for our present
and available anywhere in this region so
the answer is of course whoa I don't
know we've decided to start by
boycotting someone a very awkward answer
indeed so the boycott movement singles
out Israel and then within signaling out
Israel it singles out specifically the
region of Judea Samaria aka West Bank
and within this area you're not just
going to boycott every five and dime on
a corner you have to boycott things that
are boycott worthy sowhat's boycott
worthy well our University with 15,000
students that's worth boycotting that
gives you a lot of attention because
we're always in international
conferences let's boycott the people
going to the international conferences
our industrial park which we're going to
see shortly is also boycotted the
products coming from the area are
boycotted because let's see if we can
undermine the economy and the Center for
the Performing Arts was boycotted by all
performing artists they didn't want to
perform here by the way there were 36
people who boycotted us back in 2010
when this Center was open and as a
reaction we've been the most popular
Center for the Performing Arts in Israel
no Israeli wants to be caught boycotting
us it's bad for business
because Israelis know that a artists
aren't supposed to be boycotters the
if you're gonna boycott an area don't
boycott the consensus area in Judea
Samaria that everyone every or every
average Israeli understands is non
compromisable for the the very simple
reason that israel needs to continue to
survive so you're boycotting the wrong
place
instead of 36 people who boycotted us
back then we have 185 performances a
year with another 550 on the waitlist
that's been the case in 2010 it's the
case today as well so the boycott
actually helped us a little bit we've
had way more things our boycott and I'm
not going to go into all the examples
but we've built enough things in RAL to
draw attention and so we're boycotted
what do we do about that first of all we
try not to talk about the boycott
because the game that the boycotters are
playing this has everything to do with
communications the game that they're
trying to play is a game of D
legitimization they know that they will
not paralyze Israel economically we'll
see some examples of that when we go to
the industrial park
they will not paralyze us they probably
won't even harm us economically not
significantly but who wants to do
business with somebody who's being
boycotted they want to drag our
reputation through the mud they want to
make us sound like South Africa of the
apartheid regime they want to make it
sound that the opportunities that we're
giving to our neighbours are in some
twisted kind of way some form of
apartheid this is a problem momentarily
I'm going to introduce you guys to
someone who's actually doing videos to
combat this BDS stuff but every time we
say BDS we give legitimacy to a movement
which is designed to deal agenda mize us
I prefer not to mention them I only
mention it so I get it yes no.4 we're in
good company here you guys are the good
guys I get it I get it we're good yes
great question so when I say a B and C a
B and C we would think well somebody
wants to join a map or a is here and B
is here and C is there but you have to
think of a B and C as alphabet soup ok
it's a mix a we I do have larger maps
where you can see a B and C and those
maps are available but you can't
possibly see it here because it's such a
mix it's a patchwork and even as we
drive to the industrial park we're going
to see area
a B and C just on the smaller will drive
and you'll see how how close-knit
everything is so it's not like you can
just draw a line and say hey you folks
go there and you folks go there last yes
so checkpoints have been receding over
the last several years Israel is trying
to implement a policy of maximum
mobility for Palestinians the primary
checkpoints are the ones between both
sides of the Green Line and they're one
directional in other word this morning
so you drove past the checkpoint you
didn't notice it cuz going this way it's
fine it's like I grew up in New Jersey
okay if you wanted to go from New Jersey
to New York you had to pay a toll on the
George Washington Bridge but if you went
on the other direction there's no toll
you get to go to New Jersey for free New
Jersey also has parking and shopping
malls but if you want to wait online and
pay a higher tax in New York you have to
pay to get inside I'm not sure why it is
that way but it is okay so it's kind of
a one directional thing and those
checkpoints are still active folks yes
please great question kyboots movement
was the cooperative's
or socialist cooperatives which much of
israel's agriculture was developed by
the kibbutz movement and much of this
was essentially the economy the
beginning of the state was largely
started by keeping the kibbutz movement
today in 22 2018
most of those kibbutz seem the ones that
still exist and they usually exist in
one form or another they've been
privatized they've moved from socialism
to capitalism and apparently that just
works better but it was it was not the
case for the beginning of the State of
Israel but we've we try to keep up with
the times
you
