the BBC told us today that the EU
definitely isn't punishing the UK for
braixen but we know that they are
the BBC reported about the disappointing
lack of progress with negotiations in
the EU today and they reported brexit
may warned over disappointing progress
in talks to resume has been warned that
time is running out to secure a brexit
deal as she prepares to face the other
27 EU leaders at a summit in Brussels
the PM will brief all her counterparts
for the last time before October when
both sides hope a deal will be done on
the UK's March 2019 departure but Irish
leader Leo Varenka said the lack of
progress was disappointing now the claim
here is that the politicians aren't
making enough progress on EU brexit
negotiations and you know what I'd
probably agree with that in fact I
definitely agree with that because we
know the politicians haven't been doing
a great job of this they've been
bickering about what kind of breaks it
heart breaks its off breaks it in
between breaks it what kind of break is
it are we gonna get you know they seem
very very confused about an extremely
simple question that was asked of the
British public in 2016 they asked us do
you want to leave the European Union or
would you like to remain in the European
Union we voted to leave so given the
wording of the the referendum given the
entire narrative throughout the campaign
leaving the EU means leaving the customs
union the single market everything okay
that's what even David Cameron and all
the remainders told us so now we voted
to leave the EU we better get on with
doing it but the politicians seem
extremely confused you know
oh I'll actually let's be honest here
they're not confused they're being
purposely misleading because they don't
want breaks it to happen but the fact
that the politicians aren't making good
progress on negotiations does not mean
that the EU isn't betraying us it just
means that the problems being
exacerbated we've got difficulty with
the European Union not wanting us to
leave and trying to punish us and we've
got a problem with our own politicians
betraying the will of the people and not
getting on with it let's take a look at
this video by the way from the BBC today
they produced a video that was in the
article I'm referencing talking about
why the EU isn't punishing the UK
they're wrong we know they're wrong take
a look at this bracelet negotiations are
also hard going because
pure self-interest think about it in any
deal whether it's business or political
each side naturally once they come out
on top I was described by one of my
colleagues as a bloody difficult woman
but if people will not be bullied so the
EU would say it's not punishing the UK
in negotiations it's just looking after
itself this claim that the EU isn't
punishing the UK and that instead
they're just looking out for their own
interests is ludicrous I'm fine with
people looking out for their own
interests I mean that's the whole point
of Trump that's what were meant to be
doing now we've left the European Union
in Britain but it doesn't seem to be
happening there are multiple examples of
the EU punishing the UK ever since we
voted breaks it in 2016 the first one
being when a senior German MEP accused
Michel Barnier who's the chief brexit
negotiator of planning to impose a bad
exit agreement on Britain to make an
example of us to other EU member states
other politicians are seeing this
there's another story as well of leaked
papers that were revealed showing the
European Union was planning to impose
sanctions and tax black lists now this
is an interesting one so let's go into a
bit more the Express reported on this
and they said EU chiefs claimed in a
presentation last week that they wanted
a quote level playing field to ensure
they counter clear risks to stop the UK
slashing taxes and relaxing regulation
how dare the UK make its own decisions
and relax some taxes how dare the UK try
and become competitive on the world
stage that's what I mean when I say
they're punishing us they don't want us
to be more competitive they want us
under their control it goes on but
astonishing papers reveal Eurocrats
believed that the UK is too big and too
close to treat it like a normal trading
partner so they are keen to enforce
restrictions on state aid so the uric
rats believe that the UK is too big
potentially too competitive so why
exactly do they think that we couldn't
survive on our own it's interesting
isn't it the documents seen by the
Financial Times reads quote
international rules do not adequately
address the potential distortive effects
of subsidies on investment trade and
competition the EU UK agreement will
have to include robust provisions on
state aid to ensure a level playing
field but this isn't a level playing
field this is about punishing us this is
punishment Clause and this is an attempt
by the EU to create an environment
artificially where the UK doesn't have
any advantage over them this not just
looking at self-interest it's it's
punishment its bitterness it's it's a
reaction to the fact that we decided no
we don't want to be restricted by
European Union regulations anymore and
this is the nature of the EU it's what
they've always done
if you dissent against the EU rules if
you dissent against the EU at plans and
agendas then they're going to punish you
I remember in Poland the Polish
government decided to approve new
legislation that gave them more controls
over their own Supreme Court and
appointing judges and things like that
and as a result what did the EU do well
they threatened to remove their voting
rights so they'd be members of the
European Union but they wouldn't even
get their Emmett MEP s just rubber
stamping the laws they don't even get
the illusion of democracy if they dare
to challenge the rules of the EU there's
another case here as well of the
Luxembourg finance minister when he told
CNBC that many in Europe were looking to
punish the UK he spoke at the World
Economic Forum and he said there are
many people out there who were trying to
punish the United Kingdom without saying
it if you ask them they will deny it
let's try to be more positive let's try
to de dramatize the whole negotiation I
see it the rest of the British public
sees it and other ministers and members
of European Parliament and politicians
from across Europe see it as well the EU
is vindictive and spiteful and it wants
to punish the UK
the EU punishes member states who want
to take control over their own
legislative issues it happened in Poland
they threatened to take away their
voting rights and they threatened the UK
with punishment causes if we dare try
and compete with them after breaks it
now make no mistake the European Union
is punishing the UK and nothing the BBC
can say will change that fact when the
BBC smugly tells you that the EU isn't
trying to punish the UK and that the
only problem is Westminster then
remember this remember Poland and
remember the fact that the entire
European Parliament system is designed
so that any PS have zero control on
proposing laws all they get to do is
rubber stamp things the entire EU is set
up designed and structured to be
authoritarian and top-down dissent and
you're in a lot of trouble the EU
definitely is punishing us and the
traitors in Westminster are just making
it easier for them
you
