if you need an eight kaput and you know
usually when you say to people in
foreign lands that you from Canada so
you got a big thumbs up or they blow you
a kiss but I said I was from Canada and
the chef here the master chef you gave
me around I take it because that's a
perfect place the best place one of the
best place after Australia Australia we
don't like Justin Trudeau either but why
don't you like I think it's bad for
Canada and what way it's going against
us which is very important for the
Canadian that the idea that is
pro-islamic
to ferry 10,000
for everybody yeah it's nice it's good
but the trouble with youth for the
country I don't we've got like 250
people coming back to Canada that we're
fighting for Isis and we're supposed to
be his idea is to reintegrate them by
giving them by having poetry classes for
Isis fighters do you think that would
work as it is really I think that all I
did all the research showing that they
try to when the Muslim came to whatever
country is coming
with the time is trying to become and
it's because they're not working do you
degrade hoping to control do you know
Justin Trudeau was here right now
hearing you say that Hillard pass out it
would be not anything it's nothing
personal
absolutely not just in the ideals doing
good for the countries and so the people
need to vote well I'll tell you
something anybody in Israel that doesn't
like Justin Trudeau and serves a falafel
and asrama like you did I get some
five-star rating of the mentors yeah
thank you so much
you
