well a couple of weeks ago I had a very
interesting conversation with Gerard
batten the new leader of you Kip the UK
Independence Party the parties had a bit
of turmoil lately going through a number
of interim leaders after the departure
of Nigel Farage the heroic and
charismatic leader of that party who
will ever forever be loved by Brits who
respect their own sovereignty for his
pressuring the British Conservative
Party to call a referendum on brexit and
championing that brexit to a successful
vote now of course there's been quite a
battle to get that vote respected but I
think whatever else Nigel Faraj does in
his life we owe him for that achievement
Gerard batten has taken over the lead of
the you Kip and we had a far ranging
discussion on everything from the
party's prospects in the future and to
Nigel Faraj himself to tommy robinson
and islam in the UK and one of the
things I asked gerard about was about
another party called for britain started
by anne marie waters shortly after she
ran for but did not win the leadership
of you Kim I really enjoyed my
conversation with Gerard and I had a
deep respect for him we emailed that
video to our 152,000 supporters in the
United Kingdom and a number of them said
well why don't you have an interview
with anne-marie waters too and I said
absolutely and in fact Amory reached out
to me via Twitter so I'm delighted to
present to you now a full show where we
have an in-depth discussion with
anne-marie waters and she joins us now
via Skype from the UK and what a
pleasure to meet you thank you for
taking the time with us I'm sure as well
thank you very much for having me it's
pleasure to be well I've followed you
with great interest before you were even
in partisan politics you've always been
on the watch for jihad and not just the
violence you had of terrorism but the
slow creep of Sharia law which in my
view is a greater risk why don't you
tell our viewers a little bit about
yourself and how you came into politics
where we what did you do before you were
in partisan politics well I was in the I
was in the Labour Party actually for
quite a long time for about nine years
when I lived in London I came to this
politics I guess that my life hasn't
taken their roots I didn't expect it to
take I was a law student about ten years
ago attempt to make perhaps long about
15 years ago now I'm getting old
and I met a girl I became friends with a
girl a woman on this course who was a
devout Muslim and I was completely naive
about all of these things at that point
and knew nothing about Islam but while a
student I both discovered that there
were Sharia councils operating in the UK
I discovered details about Sharia law
and I became friends with someone who
explains to me
the pressures on her in her life her
family's treatment of her the fact that
her sister was on the run from a some
her brothers who kill her if they found
her this stuff was really shocking to me
so I began looking into Sharia law I
began looking into Islam I read the
Quran and I was half I'd horrified and
I'm not a person who can sit still so I
started to sort of gets active I started
off with one law for all and that's went
wrong when I realized that left-wing
politics was actually the problem like I
don't know an extreme lefty but I was on
I was laborer and I realized quite over
that over - over time the things like
FGM that was being what not taken
seriously by labour and they were
colluding in in covering this stuff up
and there the rape time alone I didn't
know about the rape claims at the time
but is it's that was where it was going
and I was seeing more and more of this
from labor and the Sun the left so I
parted ways with one last law which was
very left-wing based and began exploring
and talking to different people I spoke
to some people who had been involved
with the ETL and my world's really just
changed I joined YouTube months or so
after I left labour
it was the only party talking about
multiculturalism for example I very much
admired Nigel ferocious outspokenness as
I think a lot of people did and I it
went from there really I was I was
decent I was selected as a poly
- candidate for new clip in 2015 I was
selected again in 2017 for the same seat
and the next day I selected by the then
leader poets also my views on Islam I
then decided what the hell I will go for
the leadership they you keep her there
terrible results in that in 2017
election and poor not sore resigned and
I thought well look let's see I'll sound
for the leadership will see where the
land lies really where the land lies
regarding Islam for a while it looked
like I could win and there was I'm
afraid to say a smear smearing campaign
against me by many in nuclear including
the eventual victor Henry Bolton who had
to try to take me get not James tried to
have me taken off the ballot paper um
and I have no choice but to leave I I
was tired frankly of trying to battle
inside parties to get people to listen
about Islam and why the clip was the
best it just wasn't good enough and it
wouldn't let us speak openly and words
uncomfortable truths so I thought the
only way I'm going to be able to speak
openly the way we are going to go to
speak openly without having to win
internal battles is to form your party
and that's right you see a lot of
interesting things there and I'd like to
unpack a little bit of that there's an
irony in the man who won that leadership
Henry Bolton you mentioned him
Henry Bolton's argument against you is
you're too extreme you to focus on the
issue of Islam I have to note the irony
that it was Henry Bolton who his
dalliance with a girlfriend many years
his junior and who herself made a large
number of racist comments online
it was Bolton and I suppose you can't
blame him for what his girlfriend says
but what irony that his warning against
you he was the one we needed or you keep
voters needed to be warned about that he
imploded and and left in disgrace now
I'm glad he's gone because I admired
Gerald batten but there's a bit of an
irony there I just felt like I needed to
mention
I think he was a faker in in so many
ways and he was he was a great
disappointment yes and I think Tiger is
probably quite a harsh but quite
accurate word I saw a lot of that during
the hustings and the initial stages I
was getting a lot of claws throughout
what I'm saying about Islam and I didn't
always talk about Islam but I can assure
you people from the audience always did
I was getting a letter of applause for
this and I suddenly Henry Bolton found
an interest in Islam I don't trust
politicians who changed their tune with
the wind and it proved that he was not
serious about this when he tried to get
me taken off the ballot paper having of
course said that he would listen to the
to the members and he was all about the
members and then tried to get me taken
off about it and then he won and then he
won by quite a significant jump so there
was nothing else really for me to do you
know I admire the British singer
Morrissey and the Smiths
the band he had I mean I grew up here in
Canada but of course he's world famous
and I always found him an interesting
and peculiar political figure
an unconventional mix of things that
would sometimes startle his fans because
he's not a traditional down the line
liberal leftist as most entertainers in
Hollywood are because I think he
actually thinks about it he doesn't just
say I'm gonna go with the flow and say
I'm against global warming I'm for world
peace like that the the boring
platitudes I think Morrissey broods on
things and your battle and you Kipp was
if you know I'm not insulting you to say
there was an obscure internal battle but
Morrissey noted it and when he rolled
out his his new album recently he talked
about you and your case and and how he
felt you were robbed of the win what do
you make about Morrissey and his more
recent statements that that you are the
closest thing I mean aided by a have you
had any dealings with Morrissey what do
you make of the fact that he supports
you I'm do I sit I'm delighted and it
shows and it's giving the party
the scope and the identity that I wanted
it to have we're attracting people from
all walks of life I think one of the
things that Tamar sees particularly
attracted to us and is something that he
and I have in common and I don't know
him as well I've never met him I think
one of the things we have in common is
is animal welfare and that's something
that millions of people in this country
are very very concerned about they want
an end to halal and kosher slaughter and
we're the only party to talk about that
and to campaign for an end to this
cruelty to animals I think that was one
big thing that that's attracted him to
us and I'm very pleased I'm very pleased
to be appealing to all kinds of people
this is what I wanted to do and what I
want a party to be I have a question
some of your critics and I hope you
don't mind putting a criticism to you
but it gives you an opportunity to
answer it say you're outstanding on the
subject of Islam and I've seen your
political brochures you recently ran in
a in a by-election we could talk about
that by-election in a moment but your
critics would say on issues other than
Islam you you remain you have an overlap
with let's say a Jeremy Corbyn you're
you're a leftist social justice activist
I don't know if I would put animal
welfare in that category what would you
say to that that criticism is it well
found where do you stand on other issues
other than Islam would you characterize
yourself as a conservative a Labour
right a green party member who are you
I don't characterize myself as any of
those I don't need a label I think
political labels are damaging I'm a
policy by policy person some of the
things I believe in I guess would come
on from on the left like the National
Health Service I'm a huge supporter of
the national concept I'm very very clear
and unequivocal on that because I don't
want the poorest people in our country
having to worry about health care bills
I think the NHS is a good thing I on I'm
very patriotic I love the country I
believe in the nation state I believe in
the free market so that would put me on
the right but I also believe in public
sector and I believe in an efficient
public sector and I believe in a public
sector run by the public I don't for
example believe that taxpayers money
should be paid and with ridiculous
procurement prices if you look at the
NHS for example they're paying hundreds
of pounds for things that cost a couple
of parents this kind of thing goes
across across the public sector and huge
amounts of public money it's being spent
to private companies and it hasn't made
it any more efficient and I think if the
taxpayer is paying for something the
taxpayer should be prioritised that will
probably put me on the left I am Who I
am we have I think these are
common-sense policies and I think these
are there's a sort of unfair middle
ground you know we believe in employee
rights but we also believe in the rights
of businesses to fire inept employees
without fair middle ground which is
neither on the left or the right and
it's really how my my own politics is
how I am as a person and how I want and
hope the party will develop because I
think I'm like most people I think most
people are neither on the Animus power
end of anything did we need to reach the
decent middle ground and I'd be fair and
just and that's what I wanted to do I
want to talk about the absence of the
social left in tackling Islam it is a
fact that women are not free under
Sharia law that gays are stoned to death
that actually happens in in places like
Iran and Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan
and Pakistan feminism does not exist
homosexuality
well I remember Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of
Iran simply declaring that it doesn't
exist in Iran well that's because if he
finds that he kills it where's our the
leftists identity politics activists
from the 80s and 90s where are they now
when the threat comes not from the
Catholic Church or the Protestant church
but rather from Islam where are they
well we've sunk into a pits a real pit
where people are terrified I'm so what
happened if you speak up without any
position even if you feel it if you
speak up you will you will get it you
know they will turn on you the extreme
left dominates rage on AIDS trade unions
are dominate the Labor Party and
afraid ordinary non hard leftists in
these organizations are afraid to say
anything because you'll immediately be a
sort of wait system fascists and you
lose your position so some people are
afraid other people are still just too
wedded to that that oppressor oppressed
notion that the white man is the
oppressor
no matter and the brown skinned person
is the oppressed no matter the
circumstances no matter who the brown
skinned person is or what they advocate
they are still the oppressed and no
matter what the word person advocates
they are still the oppressor these
identity politics is isn't is so
ingrained that some people just can't
seem to get out of it but I think
overwhelmingly it's in common anti
Western anti-capitalist anti-democracy
that unites them you can see it back
said they don't date the vote has
inconvenienced them it happened to a
trump that happened with brexit there
this pesky democracy keeps producing
results we don't like therefore we'll
have to go after democracy and of course
Islam is anti democracy and the left is
anti democracy and they make great
allies and they were looting each other
they're using each other which of course
Islam is injecting that element of fear
and things which the left loves and
everyone can close it any objections
down any dissent is crushed and because
Muslims aren't white or overwhelmingly
aren't white the race card is strong
it's a mess it's an absolute mess I
don't know where they are I know they're
doing the if there are any genuine ones
left who actually do care about women's
rights or gay rights I suggest they find
some guts and some courage because we're
getting if this is we're in this is
dangerous stuff that's going on but
people are being killed people are
living in fear in our country and Great
Britain and when political candidates
such as myself try to speak out about it
we are physically shut down our events
are physically shut down by violent
parts while the please do very beautiful
that's the situation we're in if there
are any genuine feminists or gay rights
campaigners out there now's the time to
notice mm-hmm when when Tommy Robinson
used to work for us I would visit him I
don't know but once every month or so
and we would go out I mean Tommy didn't
like to stay in the studio we would go
out in the street we would go to other
cities
example of sunderland which is near
Newcastle it feels like a completely
labor city yeah I'd have to check I
don't think any politician in that whole
town is anything other than labor so
obviously the local citizens vote for
labor that's how that happened but Tommy
support there and I remember we had the
case of Chelsea right who was targeted
by a Muslim predator we won't go in the
details of that case now but they're
voting for labour yeah what is why is it
or how is it the same people who are the
most victimized by Muslim rape gangs to
quote Morrissey working-class people who
are nobodies nothing's they don't have a
friend in Parliament they're not fancy
people they don't have a wealthy friend
they're not connected to the power
establishment it's I think it's a
classist thing the people that are the
targets of these rape gang predators are
invariably working-class girls but those
same working-class Brits who say they
support Tommy and who are the victims of
these rape kings
I think they're voting labour am I wrong
no they must be as that someone must be
because they keep winning seats in
Rotherham in Rotherham they after the
scandal had broke about rather they went
out and voted for labour again knowing
fully that this was the local council
the the social workers the police in
this heavily labor town all essentially
allowed this to happen I don't want the
people of rather and voted for labour
again it is a mystery it's a mystery
it's a mystery I would like to celebrate
there are different aspect there are
several aspects to it I suspect one is
hard
one is habit we are very much a
two-party country two major parties and
people are allied aligned to them we
have people who are who grew up in
labour areas with ever dream of voting
Tory and vice versa
we have this habit we also have the
electoral system which a lot of people
worry about because it's
first-past-the-post and if people were
worried that if they don't
vote for labor that the Tories look at
in and that people worry if they don't
don't vote Tory labour will get in it so
as long as tactical voting goes on but I
see it as as our job I also think that a
large reason that people still vote
Labour is because they haven't actually
had a real decent alternative for a very
long time someone who really speaks to
and for the working class and who
actually cares about the working-class
labour disappeared from the working
class decades ago and I think people are
realizing that more and more it's an
enormous task though for a smaller party
to break through largely because of the
media the media smears and lies the
media is establishment it see it's the
same establishment as the establishment
parties and they don't much want the
status quo being disturbed by obviously
little party so it's very very difficult
but it's definitely doable if you know
labour itself came out of nowhere and
became very successful very quickly 100
or so years ago and Scottish National
Party back in 2015
swept labor out of Scotland absolutely
labour out of Scotland so it is doable
and I think politics are change and I
think people are changing I guess I
suspect the next 20 years will be a big
change in electoral politics in this
country it's a hope but I do
well in a way the you Kip was that
challenger and they did have at least a
partial focus on open borders and
immigration I I don't think they embrace
the Islamic question is squarely and
they didn't start that way I mean their
symbol was the British Pound which I
think summarised so much of their of
their provenance but there are
anti-immigration anti-islam parties in
Europe look at Italy their new
government here at builders in Holland
the second largest party the AFD the
alternative for Deutschland party the
ascendant party in Germany look at
Hungary Austria Poland so parties have
come from from nowhere even in Sweden
the anti-immigrant parties is on the
ascent in Norway it's part of the
governing coalition so it is possible
for something to come from nowhere if
the incumbent parties continue to ignore
the cry
I got a question for you you ran as the
candidate in a recent by-election in is
the is the district called East lewisham
is that right notion east yeah you Lucia
nice thank you and I'm going from memory
here I'm sorry I don't have it in front
of me
I think the you Kip candidate got one
point seven percent and you got one
point two percent yeah them together
that's almost three percent but you add
them together and you maybe you get a
feeling of momentum and maybe you're not
three percent so maybe you're six
percent and so maybe next time you're
ten percent and then you're on the radar
and I guess what I'm saying is the split
ISM there's so many little parties I
looked at the results there must have
been ten candidates running there is
there any chance and I'm saying this as
an outsider I'm sure there's lots of
internal politics but I can't help but
notice that you and the you Kip were
both in the same zone is there any
chance that there could be a unite a
unity or are you just too biologically
different as parties the DNA of your
parties to difference for Britain and
you kept under chair I've been yes I
think it is too different I think you
keep this the past and I think for
Britain is the future and I think that
the electorate sees you keep as the past
I think post referendum it was seen as
having done its job and I don't see
anything truly inspiring coming out of
it I don't really think it can be
reinvigorated I don't envisage that
Jared button will be leader for very
long actually I think the lives are
already coming out for him because of
his stance on Islam and I've been in new
clip I know the battle the internal
bubbles that go on about this issue we
don't need it we don't need it no we
were women excitingly party and
membership has grown since lotion and
we're looking forward and I jumped I
think on on issues that were very
different to you keep such as the NHS
the end it just is a huge issue for
people and you can have a banner of a or
individuals within it have talked about
privatizing the NHS these are these are
things that the working-class public in
particular and I don't see that you keep
was the vehicle to take the
working-class voters away from labor as
well it was seen as a big business party
because my
Nigel Faraj was a big businessman and
there was certainly no relationship
strong relationship with abandoned by
labor working-class communities I don't
see us as being the same we made with
Jared button in charge have similar
views on Islam but we do not have
similar views on immigration and we do
not have similar views on how to talk
about and how to tackle Islam I want us
to talk about the religion itself I want
us to talk about immigration 47% of the
British public wants a ban on
immigration from Muslim countries that's
a strong position and if almost half the
country feels that way
someone's got to talk to them and
someone's got to talk about it these are
not people who hate immigrants these are
not people who don't want to complete
antal immigration they see the problems
they see the FGM they see the child map
they see the fact that the police are
bowing down literally bearing down in
some cases at mosques to Islam but day
after the Manchester bombing he's senior
police being photographed inside a
mosque holding the Koran smiling people
are furious about this they're furious
and they don't want platitudes about how
it's the ideology it's not the people we
mustn't upset the moderate majority
neither Faraj appears to believe that
the vast majority of the world's Muslims
believe in secular democracy they don't
they don't and every survey of Muslims
around the world will show you that and
we're talking about Muslim immigration
so it matters if people in Pakistan for
example support stoning to death as a
matter of routine which they do and then
you're opening up your country to people
who believe there was so in such a
different not just a different country
but a different century that they
actually believe you should stand a
woman to death even if she was raped
you're opening your border to people I
don't do people who believe it is a
different it's just so incompatible with
our society and people know this and
they're tired of dancing around it and I
don't want to unite with you clip so we
can have another internal row that will
drag on and on and on about what we can
say about Islam and what we can't
I'm tired of we need to move on to a new
future and that is us that is progress
we're talking with anne-marie waters
she's the leader of for Britain a former
Canada
for the leadership of you Kip you
recently shared a stage in London at a
rally to support our old friend Tommy
Robinson you shared that stage if I'm
not mistaken with Jared batten the
leader of you Kip and I think Lord
Pearson a you Kip peer a member of the
House of Lords if I'm not mistaken he
was there he certainly has shown a soft
spot for Tommy I understand he took
Tommy through the House of Lords had him
to lunch in a very ostentatious taking
him around the dining room to shock all
his more mild mannered colleagues I like
the style of that guy the fact you knew
you had these you Kipp individual
personalities share a stage with you for
Tommy Robinson tells me that there is
some courage there have you had any
personal interactions with Pearson or
baton and I and I say this band I'm not
trying to meddle from 2,000 miles away
or however many miles we are here I'm
not trying to meddle I'm just trying to
learn what's going on because I admire
that and then I admire Lord Pearson very
much actually I think he was very brave
he's asked very pressing questions about
Islam in the House of Lords I've seen
the videotape of it and he certainly
doesn't seem to be shy
have you had in any interactions with
these men even if you can't divulge the
confidentiality of the subject matter
have you talked to them at least I've
known odd person for some years it was
not person who actually persuaded me to
join UK I've known him for some time I'd
like and admire him like you I like and
admire Jared button but they're the only
two they've been saying this yes but
they're the only two and that internal
buck they've been denounced for it
and I hear again that the knives are
coming out for bath and Nigel Faraj has
spoken up saying it was a mistake to
support Tommy Robinson and as far as I'm
aware there are so many peas now
expressing concerns about this and
wanting this Pro to meet campaign hot it
but what we go you know I still over the
years this hesitation about Tommy
Robinson has been there and now suddenly
it's disappeared
I was told not to be photographed with
Tommy Robinson there by people who are
now being photographed with Tommy
Robinson I just don't trust it it's it
is it's quality
sure but it's a cynical politics and
it's it's a it's a it's about it's about
grabbing exercise I'm sorry to say you
know I I have to tell you I mean
remember the first time I interviewed
Tommy Robinson on TV I had heard a
thousand lies about him and I was
nervous I won't lie to you I remember
ask him I remember saying how do you
feel about the Jews like that's a weird
question to put to someone but I I just
thought let me just ask it and so I had
to work my way through this bodyguard of
lies that his enemies had put around it
you know it was Churchill who said the
truth is so precious it must be
protected by a bodyguard of lies but the
bodyguard of lies around Tommy Robinson
was by his enemies who didn't want you
to find out the truth lest you realize
he's actually a good man and and so I
was trepidatious at first but then I
guess I got to do well as you know the
rest is history we hired him and we we
turned him into a journalist for better
for worse now we inflicted upon the
world let me ask you I mentioned that
you shared a platform with here at
builders of the party for freedom have
you and again I'm not asking you to
reveal confidences but have you had any
guidance or best practices or here's how
we did it
from wielders or any of these other
continental parties that started as
obscure fringes but now our serious
players or even governments have you
talked to the five-star Northern League
types have you talked to alternative for
Deutschland no but it's a huge priority
I haven't spoken to our turf or
Deutschland yet but we are having a
conference this year and one huge
priority for me is a pan-european
campaign against the European Union I
don't have much faith in brexit so I'm
not sure what kind of breads that we're
going to get next March I suspect not a
very substantial one but I believe that
we can't escape the EU while the EU
exists so it's very important for
anti-eu people across Europe to to get
together and to aim as high yes as
bringing down the European Union so we
can restore our nation states and be
Europe again this is a very high
priority for me and we will it's
something I was in France recently I'm
in
I'm in contact with people it's a huge
priority I have met get build as I spent
a week with him in Australia a few years
ago he is a wonderful man a wonderful
brave man I met his wife lovely woman
he's a hero he's a hero he did tell me
it gets give me one tip about interviews
he said we will always have one clear
punch you want to land in every
Institute and make sure that you do it
so I decided to not set up - but he is a
wonderful man and a great hero and I'm
honored to expect yeah I've had the
pleasure of speaking with him on a bit
of a Canadian tour some years ago as
well you've been with us for half an
hour I appreciate your time I want to
ask a couple more questions I before I
got into the rebel and the Sun News
Network before that I was involved with
a series of political parties in Canada
including a grassroots startup that we
called the Reform Party that grew into
the Canadian Alliance and it finally
merged with our rivals on the right and
it formed the Conservative Party of
Canada which formed government and it
had not been able to form government
until it merged with its rivals on the
right so that that's in the back of my
mind as a conservative in Canada I don't
think you would call yourself a
conservative except on the matter of
Islam if I'm hearing you right I think
I'm agreeing on national nationalism
I've grown quite I feel like I'm a
strong strong believer in the
nation-state
and I love this nation-state very very
deeply which would probably be a
conservative value yeah I accept that
and I and I would put it to you that
especially in 2018 especially in the UK
national identity is more important than
a few points higher or lower in the tax
rate I absolutely would acknowledge that
I want to ask you though when I was
referring to my own experience in a
start-up grassroots party party
organization infrastructure fundraising
people who know how to put on a proper
event people who know how to run a
website a mailing list people behind the
scenes are critically important not
just the front-of-house talent and can
you speak to because we're going to send
this email out to our UK supporters so
we're gonna send this out to 150 mm
Brits I'm a Canadian I'm just a an
observer from afar but if there's
someone in Lewisham East if there's
someone in Sunderland who's saying well
I've heard of the samory water so then I
like the cut of her jib but do you even
have a capacity to absorb them put them
in a machine and go to battle to win
what do you have to say about your party
structure and the people backing you do
you have a team of course we have a
committee and our committee is made up
of some people with great political
experience some from UK came over from
UK all those who have never been
involved in politics before and I'm
quite excited about that I like the fact
that I regularly receive messages from
people telling me they've never been
involved in politics before and this is
the first time I'm quite excited about
that it's it's a difficult job we
started off with a few people sitting in
a living room and you're not honestly I
would say history is made by a few
people in a living room we will people
need to come on board and make it happen
and that's the message I really want to
get out but we want everyone you know if
people no matter what their past if they
were involved in the EDL if they were
involved in various groups which are
which you keep and for example I want
them to come to us we will judge
everyone as an individual I want people
from all walks of life to come to us and
make it happen in terms of our branches
we have more not opening up each week
I'm doing my diary's fault in visiting
areas of the country where people want
me to come and speak and then we're
setting up branches on the night so more
and more branches are developing it's
not easy it's not easy none of this is
going to be easy but if people get on
board and make it happen
rather than waiting for it to happen
we'll get there a lot sooner but we
don't I one last question you mentioned
the EDL which was rather rambunctious so
much rambunctious not just in style but
Tommy left them the group he founded
because he felt they were being
overtaken by elements that were racist
and Tommy's not a racist so you're
saying you want to bring these
people in from the cold and I understand
that message to give them a more
legitimate vehicle so they're not forced
to the fringes I get that and that's
that's an excellent message but it also
makes you vulnerable to what the Left
calls D platforming so you have an event
somewhere Tommy faced this all the time
Tommy had book events scheduled sign a
contract paid a deposit an Tifa
threatens the bar the club the the
conference center they cave in and rip
out the contra even we in Canada have
faced deep platforming how do you deal
with people who don't debate you but
rather who silenced you either through
threatening physical venues or the
censorship of social media deep
platforming you off
I don't you still on all these platforms
but Facebook Twitter and YouTube what
about the threats of censorship well one
thing we don't do is give in to them we
can't allow far-left bullies to dictate
what we do with our party we are
vulnerable to these smears from the left
but not because we don't ban people from
from the EDL but because we criticize
Islam all you have to do to be far-right
in this country is criticize Islam you
could be from the Green Party the moment
you open your mouth about Islam in a
negative manner your far right so we're
vulnerable to this anyway this is going
to happen anyway but what I won't let
them do its dictate what goes on inside
our party and who can join and who can't
and that's for a XP MP we get a lot of
this criticism from from the hard left
because we don't find X BMP well first
of all people change people were never
it was a racist party yes but many
people voted for it for example you were
not racist but if they were concerned
about immigration they had absolutely
nowhere else to go I want those people
to know that they are welcome and
there's also an inconsistency
surprise-surprise aren't from the left
on this let's look at much as Nawaz he
was a member of his brought to here a
group far far worse than the BNP and yet
he's a hero who stood for the Liberal
Democrats as a parliamentary candidate
for the Liberal Democrats he's not only
forgiven but treated as a hero
whereas if anyone was
the BMP for a week they'll never ever be
forgiven they'll always be a fascist and
racist
I won't indulge in that people are
individuals and of course we don't want
actual racist or anti-semites or any of
these lasting people they will come and
we'll throw them out and they'll come
largely because the press lies about us
and causes these things that's why
they're attracted to us and we will
throw them out but there are decent
people who were either voted for or
we're involved in activism with the BNP
who are not racist or anti-semites but
who had absolutely nowhere to go and my
worry is that if moderate voices like
mine don't deal with this issue you will
see a rise of the real far right because
this Islam problems are not going away
they're going to get worse and worse the
our political our politicians their
response is disgraceful
I was prevented I was a legitimate bona
fide a parliamentary candidate who was
prevented from going to a hosting this
event for my own safety an event which
the leaflets of which were supported by
the Labour Party this is the way the
party of opposition a party that could
be in government and they are endorsing
this mob mentality that shuts people
down but we are unable to it regardless
I was unable to it because we talk about
dis la and what I certainly won't let
them dictate to me who can't or can't
join sorry when I leave it there and
Murray waters what a pleasure to spend
some time with you today I appreciate
you talking with us thank you very much
yes it's been a pleasure well thank you
well there you have it a feature
interview with the leader of for Britain
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra lavance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
