we still have more than four months left
before the 2018 u.s. midterm elections
and the most prestigious universities in
the country have already donated more to
the Democrats than they did during the
entire 2014 cycle it's whack but what
else did you expect on campus unmasked
you know how sometimes companies use
electronic boards to put up huge numbers
of sales they've done and shock and awe
everyone well Ivy League universities
might want to consider doing that with
the amount of money they donate to
Democrat politicians for the 2018
election cycle so far Harvard Yale and
the other six have donated over two and
a half million dollars to Democrat
candidates and a grand total of a little
over $150,000 to Republicans that right
there is an over 17 to 1 ratio even
larger than the twelve to one liberal to
conservative professor ratio we usually
hear about if the percentages these
schools have donated to Democrats this
year were test scores the lowest test
score would be an 85 percent for Harvard
and the highest one would be a 98
percent for Dartmouth we just
contributed zero dollars to 2018
Republican candidates I think the extra
two percent went to third party
individuals it seems like the average
college donation graph on
opensecrets.org which scrupulously
tracks these things looks a bit like
this for the last three decades giant
blue bars representing donations to
left-wing politicians and then if you
zoom in a little bit on your computer
you can see some of the Republican ones
because shocker this is by no means a
new trend I reported last year on money
spent by these same eight schools on
Hillary versus Trump Hillary got about
the same amount two point six million
dollars and our future president while
he received $15,000
Obama received roughly 10 times more
than Romney in 2012 but the Hillary
Trump divide was by a factor of over a
hundred and seventy the heck's the
matter of these people if they're so
smart why aren't they funding the right
candidate
I'm kidding but you would think that
just perhaps these institutions that
spend so much time and cash
pontificating about diversity and
equality would apply those values to
differences in viewpoints not just
melanin and genitalia for campus
unmasked I'm Rob from shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
