as if things couldn't get any weirder
concerning Obama gate Spygate trump
russia collegiate coal whatever you will
at this point without finding out really
good story out of Daily Caller from a
few days back
Obama's cyber chief an Obama cyber chief
testified that Susan Rice gave a stand
down order in response to Russian
meddling why would she do that
now this went down last Wednesday
all right last Wednesday from the Daily
Caller former President Barack Obama's
cyber security czar confirmed Wednesday
that former national security adviser
Susan Rice told him to stand down in
response to Russian cyber attacks during
the 2016 presidential campaign the guy's
name is Michael Daniel his official
title was his official title was
cybersecurity coordinator and he
confirmed the stand down order during an
SSCI a Senate Select Committee on
Intelligence hearing held a review Obama
and Donald Trump's administration's
policy responds to election interference
by Russia now
this is just incredible incredible so
here is the alleged exchange between the
sky Michael Daniel ins and right rice
opposed the proposals don't get ahead of
us he told this is all from a book
called Russian roulette by Michael
Isikoff and David corn they allege
they're not conservative guys that
Daniel was developing strategies to
respond the Russian cyber attacks on US
companies and political campaigns he
proposed using what's known as DDoS
dedicated denial of service attacks to
take down Russian propaganda news sites
and to attack Russian intelligence
services in other words we were gonna
hack them we're gonna hit him with video
s attacks trashing their sites I'm
pretty common tactic nation do it to one
another if you're not familiar another
idea was to announce a bogus cyber
exercise against Eurasian country the
goal was to put the Kremen on notice
that its infrastructure it easily be
targeted by the US but according to the
book Susan Rice opposed he said quote
don't get ahead of us end quote
he told Daniel in a meeting in August
2016 Daniel informed his staff of the
order much to their frustration I was in
credit
I was incredulous and in disbelief
Daniel Prieto who worked under Michael
Daniel and this is looking using the
name but Daniel Prieto and Michael
Daniel Michael Daniel being the boss the
cybersecurity cord
why the hell are we standing down
Michael can you help us understand this
guy Pretoria and
you were told nobody knows so a senator
Jim Risch asked Michael Daniel Obama's
former cybersecurity chord
to stand down
that is an accurate rendering of the
conversation of that staff meeting as
what he testified though he was asked by
Senator Jim Risch you were told to stand
down and he basically said yes that that
is an accurate rendering of the
conversation at the staff meeting
those actions were put on the back
burner yes he told the senator that was
not the focus of our activity during
that time period
he noted that the White House
cybersecurity team did continue working
to respond to Russia with a smaller
staff and less aggressive approach he
said quote it's not accurate to say that
all activity ceased at that point and
declining to describe the activities
that did go on in an unclassified
setting or hearing now why would Susan
Rice
why would Susan Rice Obama's National
Security Adviser one to allow Russia to
keep on using active measures against us
in the cyber world would it be because
she knew again speculation trying to be
conspiratorial but she knew they needed
Russian meddling because that was
remember what Peter stroke said excuse
me
remember what James Comey said
they had an insurance policy was this
part of that insurance policy there's a
very important story I want to bring you
more like this every day critically
important let me do that by subscribing
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org the rebel app as always
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
