well I'm with Evie Zimmerman he is with
the Ariel foundation and first of all
Abby what exactly is the Ariel
Foundation as with all areas we'd like
to make sure that the residents of
Arielle have more opportunities than
what government provides and so it's a
nonprofit organization that raises funds
promotes awareness and generally make
sure that the citizens of Arielle and
the region have additional services
whether it's the arts education seniors
university etcetera etc and very briefly
I know this is the 40th anniversary of
Ariel what makes Ariel special when it
comes to Israel Arielle is the capital
of the modern day the modern day capital
of a region known as samaria much of the
world calls Judea Samaria the West Bank
it's a startup city it's providing not
only security a wider waistline for the
State of Israel but it's providing
opportunity whether it's on an
innovative and entrepreneurial level for
the residents or it's bigger industry
and academia for the entire region and
you have an accredited university here
you have an industrial park of what over
a hundred firms operating and yet you
know when you follow the mainstream
media you would think that we are in I
guess what they would refer to as the
disputed territories the occupied lands
what is the you know difference
avi between the myth and the reality of
Ariel great question there's much longer
than the scope of this interview to go
into that but very basically what you're
referring to is how the world will talk
about an area like this one as a
settlement settlement sounds like
something very transient very very kind
of two here one day gone tomorrow and
there are some people who would like to
see that but the reality is that
Arielle's they can sense this city in
israel it's an area that israel will not
compromise even if there's another arab
state created in this region Israel will
insist on keeping arielle is part and
parcel of Israel because it's so central
a again to Israel's security and be the
critical mass that's been developed here
is a contributor it contributes not only
to the residence of Arielle and the
Israelis of the region but to the Arab
Palestinians as well
and you know do you think that I mean
when you think of the BDS movement which
a lot of people and I would subscribe to
this is really an anti-semitic movement
more than anything else but if those
people that subscribe to that that
believe the propaganda if they were to
come to Ariel and see what's been done
here and the fact that when we look over
at the industrial park so many of the
employees are indeed Palestinian Arabs
that when you subscribe to something
like BDS you're really hurting
ostensibly the people you're supposedly
trying to help the only people that the
boycott is harming are the Palestinian
again employees of these factories
seventy to eighty percent of the
employees in the factories and the
industrial parks here are Palestinian
Arabs that means that they're not only
production employees but they're
managers they're engineers they have
opportunities to move up the corporate
ladder within their given industries
they earn full Israeli grade salaries
and social benefits things that are
unheard of in the Palestinian Authority
controlled areas and so the the greatest
quote-unquote success of a boycott is to
force a factory to leave this area and
to go to the other side of the green
line that means that all the
Palestinians lose their jobs and
Israelis get those jobs instead and one
last question Evie this community Ariel
began in 1978 just a handful of families
coming over
it's your 40th anniversary now what is
the future of this so-called settlement
of course it's not a settlement as much
more than that but what is the future of
Ariel even within the confines of the
city there are plans to develop another
16,000 homes within the city more homes
means more public services that we plan
to provide as well and REO will continue
to be a provider or catalyst for
positive developments for the residence
of REO the Israelis of the region and
the Palestinian Arabs as well thank you
so much for your time sir thank you hey
folks if you want to see more of our
coverage from the Holy Land please go to
rebel Israel calm and don't forget to
Like and subscribe
you
