I think it's impossible to do the kind
of serious vetting when you're bringing
in people by the thousands very
difficult to do the kind of vetting that
would allow you to separate you know the
Lambs from the wolves so I heard a
similar story on Sunday when I went to
an educational meeting about the Azizi
situation and there I met two Yazidi
women from London and the the priests
and and councilor who had come with them
who interpreted for me as they told me
their stories and one I wrote about in
my column this week and it was a pretty
gruesome story very much along the lines
of what you just told me and she in
August 2014 when the Islamic state came
for the CDs she was she and her two
little children she was 29 at the time
were separated from the men she never
saw her father-in-law and her husband
again they were Douglas killed almost
immediately and she was taken and with
the other girls most of them teenagers
they're not supposed to tell you their
own code says they're not supposed to
take married women as sex slaves but she
was very attractive and she too for
months and months and months she was
sold back and forth to many many men and
the man who organized the the auction
the met the man who organized the sales
of the girls and women she was also his
sex late for a while too so eventually
it's a quite a long story but eventually
she did manage to escape to to return to
Kurdistan to her her relatives there and
eventually to come to Canada with her
children I met her I spoke to her for
about an hour and she told me that
recently she was on a bus in London
Ontario and she was shocked and
horrified see that the man who had
organize the sex slavery ring that she
had been part of was sitting on the same
bus she got off the bus he got off at
the same stop he she stared at him he
stared back at her realize who she was
covered his face and ran away she
immediately went to the refugee center
to tell the the people there what had
happened she told them she told them his
name his real name and his his Islamic
state name and their response was oh
you've been very traumatized you can't
trust yourself to have recognized him
with reliability and they also said
according to her this woman or the
person who said to her don't tell anyone
and that kind of just made me real is
that that's the response I guess the the
senses
hey this is embarrassing if an Isis guy
is here in Canada well what's our first
response not find the guy but tell the
victim to be quiet that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the yeas relevant
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
