well folks after 12 hours in the air
we're finally here in beautiful Tel Aviv
Israel but you know the flying part
that's just one segment of the journey
here the other segment of course is
going through security now I got lucky
this time around I only had a 15 minute
interview with security but some people
on the trip they had a two-hour
interview and I remember the last time I
was in Israel oh man
at one point I was in a busy airport
waiting to fly back to Toronto the next
I was in a basement led into a dark room
shady curtains a wastepaper basket
overflowing with latex gloves I'll let
your imagination fill in the rest but
here's the deal folks I'm here not to
complain but to say to anyone ever
flying here cut the security @ll some
slack because this beautiful little
democracy in the Middle East surrounded
by so much hatred and intolerance well
that's the reason they have to be so
secure they have to prevent the bad guys
from blowing aircraft and the people in
those aircraft out of the air such is
the intolerance in this region so like I
said don't get upset don't get you know
impatient just know that they're looking
out for your best interests and believe
me once you get here you'll see why it
is such a beautiful place
in any event folks we're down here for
ten whole days on a fact-finding mission
please visit the rebel dog media to get
your daily update of our Israel trip and
in the mean time I'm David the man's
ointment a signing off from gorgeous Tel
Aviv
hey folks if you'd like to see more of
our content from Israel please like and
subscribe to rebel dot media
