it's our first night here in Israel
actually I'm along the beach in Tel Aviv
and I want to talk to you about fake
news because Israel with is where fake
news was first incubated as an idea
where it was first workshopped and where
it was first perfected and we're seeing
a play out right now in the western
world when we see those images of
children in cages being used to attack
the Trump administration even though
they were put in cages
in 2014 or when we see Time magazine run
a cover of a crying little girl
supposedly separated from her mother at
the border but she wasn't those images
and that strategy to attack an
administration on an issue
well that was perfected right here in
Israel in fact there's a cottage
industry built around it it's called
Hollywood a play on the word Hollywood
and it's the production of propaganda
and propaganda images to bolster Hamas
and attack the Israelis and the Israeli
government to portray them as
heavy-handed or malicious or violent
towards the Palestinians and this week
I'm going to show you that that's just
not true
for the rebel media I'm Shiela gonna
read to see more of our fact-finding
mission here in Israel to see reports
from the rest of the team go to rebel
Israel's calm
you
