three years ago a Philadelphia police
officer 30 years old was murdered in
cold blood this happen in March 2015 and
today only days ago a far-left District
Attorney of Philadelphia Robert crasner
denied his memory and his family justice
I'm gonna tell you about a story and
it's a story you might remember from oh
about three years ago that has a very
very recent twist and a terrible
terrible twist now I don't know if you
remember this I certainly do mmm excuse
me all too vividly because it was the
murder of a Philadelphia police officer
a young one into 30 years old beloved by
the other cops optional police officer
DEP tional guy his name was Robert
Wilson and he's member of the
Philadelphia Police Department and
officer Wilson Robert Wilson the third
was it he was in a store buying a video
game a Game Stop store his son son I've
been well in school this was back in
March of 2015 a little over three years
ago and while officer Wilson was in that
GameStop's
who absolute savages a guy named Ramon
Wilson and Ramon Williams and a guy
named Carlton hips entered the store
with the intention of robbing it
and uh what officer Wilson did next
gives me chills
he was in uniform take a break to go buy
a Sun of video game his partner was
outside when he saw that these guys were
gonna start robbing robbing this store
at gunpoint he realized they had turned
their weapons to him seeing him as a
uniformed police officer he could have
sought cover but to do that he would
have had to move past the civilians
waiting in line putting their lives in
danger if these guys started shooting so
instead went the other way
exposed himself him out from behind
cover and absorbed the gunfire he fired
back he absorbed the gunfire but that
villians that he was paid to protect
wouldn't have to he literally he
literally gave his life for the people
of Philadelphia literally we use it as a
platitude police officers and firemen go
out there and it would give their lives
and they would
but sergeant he was promoted
posthumously as sergeant sergeant Robert
Wilson did one of the most heroic
courageous things I've ever seen I get
chills get my arms in the camera telling
this story and reminiscing with some of
the Philly PD guys I know about this
this is one of the most heroic things
I've ever seen anybody do it absolutely
is now it just so happens he was a young
black officer and his killers were black
men they're being treated better than he
is
back to the K sir as I said it was
toward the end of the day and Wilson
just went into this GameStop stores were
5 p.m. mr. Baez son a video game it's
son at them well in school he wanted to
buy him a game he had two young sons he
had been on the job for eight years much
like me he came on to job in his very
very early twenties he had eight years
on the job he was an experienced street
cop a young young guy at 30 years old
engage these two savages through their
fire away from the innocence and took a
bullet to the head and died luckily his
partner was outside he was able to
exchange gunfire with the bad guys and
he caught they were called
but this entire story is very very
tragic I at the time the police
commissioner of Philadelphia and Charles
Ramsey said and I couldn't agree with
Commissioner Ramsey Morris going three
years ago he said quote when you look at
the actions of the officer I think he
redefines what a hero is all about we
use that word hero a lot they're a hero
there
sometimes it's warranted sometimes it
isn't it might be too weak of a word to
describe what sergeant Wilson here what
he did he stepped out into a clear area
they draw a gun far away from a few feet
knew he knew he was taking those bullets
he knew that it was impossible for these
guys to miss but protecting those
innocent people was more importantly he
knew what he signed up for he know what
the job was about he did it Commission I
went on to say one he stepped away from
the counter there was civilians there
and the Commissioner I'd watch the
videos I counted for behind the counter
a couple in line he stepped away so the
shots weren't going directly at BAM but
instead were going toward him
it's a hard story for me to actually
bring you it's emotional
I missed is Wilson's partner Damien
Stephens and I'm reading me back pattern
from a daily news article back then
Wilson's partner Damien Stevenson
encountered the suspects they were
fleeing the store sparking at another
gunfight his partner Stevenson a Stephen
Sons a shot
Carlton hips in the leg they were both
caught now Williams from on Williams one
of the two savages he'll be ha killed
bargain Wilson James his clothes and
went back into the store tried to blend
into the customer but by that point the
investigators they had seen the video
they knew who he was and they grabbed
him at the scene
and you know here's so many stories
about young black kids onna dads or a
are not doing well academically they're
just not on the right track here was a
guy who had excelled in law enforcement
whose son was excelling in school and
he's buying him a video game
and he saved lives and took a bullet to
the head
apparently that doesn't matter didn't
matter he was a role model in the black
community didn't matter that I even hate
saying that his race didn't matter but
it does for this story because of the
way the bad guys are being treated you
know black lives don't matter when they
wear blue they certainly don't at least
not too far left Billy Dee a Larry
Krasner well few days ago now the fact
pattern of the cases I gave it to you
it's exactly the fact pattern of the
case I didn't add anything for drama I
don't have any hyperbole
I didn't exaggerate the details I didn't
try to make it seem worse than it was to
make my point
research it sergeant Robert Wilson
GameStop sergeant Robert Wilson murdered
Philadelphia go out there do a web
search
heed the case yourself you'll see that I
gave you the details and aseptically
exactly as they happen yeah he was that
heroic this murder was that bold bloody
well a couple of days ago couple of days
ago Friday or Saturday actually
maybe Thursday
or far left
our left radical Philadelphia district
attorney Larry krasner
against well not even against the wishes
of Sergeant Wilson's family
he never even consulted with them in
fact the family says he's treated them
like dirt he cut a deal with the killers
sergeant Wilson's family's infuriated
this from an NBC affiliate in
Philadelphia let me read you this
uh-huh and bear with me because the
story is an emotional story whenever a
cop is killed I had to respond to those
um huh you know the family of slain
Philadelphia Police Sergeant Robert
Wilson the third got a call from the
district attorney's office late Friday
this just happened shopping on Friday or
five days ago
late Friday telling them that the men
implicated in his murder will not stand
trial or face the death penalty
law enforcement sources are saying that
Larry Krasner's office is allowing Ramon
Williams and Carlton hips these savage
cold-blooded murderers who accept
between 50 life sentences plus 50 to 100
years in prison in exchange for guilty
number one they should get the death
penalty number two but this now allows
is years upon years of AI upon years of
Appeals and the chance that a far left
parole board will let them out of prison
hips and Williams will formally accept
the deal at Philadelphia's Criminal
Justice Center and that apparently
happened yesterday morning
the deal was cut I haven't seen any news
anything to indicate it wasn't and I
actually waited until today to do the
story because I was hoping at the
eleventh hour the please the family
would have mattered that maybe the
district attorney in Philadelphia Larry
crasner would have had a common-sense
change of heart but he didn't and when I
checked in with some sources in Philly
PD yesterday they told me the deal went
through
the DA's office communications director
last comment from them was they had no
pending comet
ah yeah the plea did not go over well
with Sergeant Wilson's family
they feel justice isn't being served his
sister Akira Wilson burrows that she was
speechless when she got the call from
the district attorney's office he simply
said they failed my brother and she was
right actually miss Wilson burrows is
far more dignified than I would have
been far more dignified than I would
Iza
he's a class act I certainly wouldn't
have been that polite
rassner is a a terrible terrible
far-left guy and many many families many
families who were the victims of murder
they lost somebody
feel that crasner I'm gonna tell you all
about crasner and who backs him and then
in a little bit I'm gonna bring on Ben
Manish you seen Ben he's a former local
and federal law enforcement officer
lives in Philadelphia there's a lot with
law enforcement a lot with politics he
actually was uh in your campaign staff
of the Republican who ran against by red
crabs net for District Attorney
but unfortunately lost so Ben has some
some very deep insights into the
Philadelphia District Attorney's Office
which are us it's really a story of
national little international imp
because in just a second I'm gonna tell
you who backed who funded a Philly
District Attorney and why
but
Krasner has pledged never to seek the
death penalty for murders now a secured
Wilson burrows sergeant Wilson sister
said she was told the committee you
ah determine the appropriate sentence in
this case convene for two hours last
week but their family the Wilson family
she's a Barolo she's married family was
never asked to even comment they knew
nothing about this they were never
called they were never consulted
he said quote no one even got a
statement from us even present
everything is hush-hush it feels as
though the district attorney's hand is
covering their mouth
now the Fraternal Order Police President
John McCain is be he said this is a
message Philadelphia police officers be
careful you don't have the support from
the Philadelphia district attorney's off
and Sergeant Wilson's grandmother and
I've seen the family and press
conferences he's a good people a good
family
they had all the evidence for Robbie's
trial they had the gun they had the
murderers they had the surveillance
tapes they had the store where they went
in and killed him all this they had they
were ready to go to trial no sooner than
krasner gets into office and things back
up why that's plain police officer now
posthumously promoted to sergeant Robert
Wilson's grandmother and he's hundred
percent right Connie Wilson is her name
is paternal grandmother understand
and and mrs. Wilson is is a hundred and
fifty percent correct
both women Wilson sister Shapiro Wilson
burrows and his grandmother Connie
Wilson they had called for crasner to
step aside in this case they knew he was
rapidly far left they knew he was gonna
go soft on crime and say this case is is
blessed about politics there's an
african-american family from
Philadelphia
this is not a white family from the deep
south and even they could say that this
district attorney was way too soft on
crime because their son their grandson
their brother a police officer was was
murdered and three years laters family
waited three years
and three months for justice in this
case three years and three months he was
gunned down early March to 2015 in this
case resolved in June 2018 three years
and three months they didn't get it they
didn't get it
terrible absolutely terrible
well who is Larry krasna you know who
funded Larry Krasner's run for da and
and Ben Maness when he joins me in a bit
is gonna be able to tell us so much more
Lari Krasner's run for district attorney
was funded by George Soros
two million dollars in contributions
from various
PACS and family members associates and
hard money from George Soros
and when he was elected when crasner was
elected this is a story from the free
beacon from back in January of this year
when crasner took office
Democrat Larry krasner Philadelphia's
new district attorney who was backed
almost exclusively by nearly two million
dollars in contributions from liberal
billionaire George Soros has purged more
than 30 prosecutors from the district
attorney's office
within days of taking over the position
browser who was sworn in on January 2nd
as 31 prosecutors to resign on his
fourth day on the job and has given no
explanation for the requests a list of
those who were purged from the office
shows that a number of them came from
the Homicide Division drug enforcement
and civil asset forfeiture unit
these terminations have stalled cases or
one judge on Monday criticized the
office after they asked them asked a
murder trial be postponed due to the
assistant attorney general being one of
the dozens of people let go by crasner
incredible now crabs room before he was
elected was a far far left defense
lawyer rapidly farland bad bad I mean
maybe a cou and the Southern Poverty Law
Center looked conservative he resented
groups like Occupy Wall Street and black
lives matter he had sued the police
department more than 75 times and joked
that he had built a career that made him
completely unelectable
he hates the police and now he runs it
this is uh really really mmm just
terrible now Beth Grossman was his
Republican challenger as a Republican
opponent that's who our friend Ben
Maness work for Ben's gonna tell us all
about this race when he joins me enough
in just a few minutes but a Beth
Grossman at the time told the free
beacon quote I have concerns if he gets
elected my opponent my opponent I don't
want us to turn into a Baltimore I don't
want us to turn into a Chicago it's
really disturbing we have one of the
finest public defenders offices in the
country we don't need to in other words
saying that if he becomes the district
attorney
he would turn the DA's office into a
safe haven that coddled and protected
criminals but he beat her in the
election for District Attorney by more
than 40 percent when I say he runs the
police department the commissioner and
the mayor really run the police
department but at the district
attorney's office isn't gonna prosecute
cases then the police aren't gonna
arrest for those cases though the
district attorney has a lot of influence
over how police police a tremendous
amount in a city like Philly where it's
an elected da
yeah now Soros is pumping money into
DA's races around the country he wants
the Ville unrest in this country he
wants things like no cash bail light
sentences for violent offenders George
Soros is an arbitrage guy he makes money
when the US has destabilized in the
dollars.we this is a terrible terrible
sinister man terrible terrible guy
and
he's a pumping money into da races in
Florida Ohio Illinois Texas Louisiana
New Mexico and Mississippi among others
Florida and Ohio the two most
significant swing states in the US and
Pennsylvania the third where he pumped
money into its largest cities the a race
Burroughs has a plan it destabilized the
swing states to get felons out of prison
and give them the restore their rights
to vote he wants this country blue he
wants civil unrest in the u.s. we're
gonna do a whole segment on that but
this case is about the lack of justice
for the family of Sergeant Robert Wilson
they waited three years and three months
they got no justice
I'm gonna bring on Ben Madison a little
bit like I said he's gonna tell us all
about Krasner's gonna tell us all about
what he's done to the city and how and
why he won in being so far left hating
good working people good decent people
and loving and coddling bugs and
criminals I'll tell you one thing family
of Sergeant Robert Wilson deserved
better memory of sergeant Robert Wilson
deserved better the men and women of the
Philadelphia Police Department his
brothers and sisters deserve better and
sergeant Robert Wilson he deserved
justice he deserved much much better
there's a very important story I want to
bring you more like this every day
critically important let me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
