Anjem Choudary is set to be released
from prison this week and we're going to
be landed with a bail of two million
quid every year
Anjem Choudary is due to be released
from prison this week it's not just him
and a few videos previously I've talked
about the other people coming out as
well but specifically Anjem Choudary one
of the most monstrous evil men in this
country is set to be released from
prison this week and that's why I
started the jail and Jim calm campaign
it's a petition of an opinion poll which
we commissioned and hopefully a
billboard campaign
hopefully I've update you on that in a
minute but upon Anjem Choudary is
released we already knew that he was
going to be given a safe house and would
allegedly be monitored by the
authorities and we know now that
actually all of this is gonna cost us
two million quid every year ask yourself
is Anjem Choudary worth that is turning
our streets into more dangerous places
worth that I'm not so sure the Daily
Mail reports Chowdhury will be forced to
abide by 25 separate conditions while
out unlicensed and the cost for keeping
him safe are likely to exceed 2 million
pounds per year the limits on his
movement are thought to include an
evening curfew the wearing of a GPS
electronic tag and a ban on visiting
specific venues such as Regions Park
mosque in central London where he used
to worship he will also be banned from
communicating with a number of his
former associates interestingly he's
banned from Regents Park mosque but that
kind of implies that maybe he's meeting
radical people there which maybe implies
that the police is saying there's a
problem with Regents Park mosque the
police Islamophobic now hmm and I asked
you all on Twitter by the way I asked
you whether you thought the authorities
would actually be effectively able to
keep a lid on Anjem Choudary to
effectively monitor him and I think it's
safe to say that you weren't all that
optimistic look at these results I quite
agree with you there's no way in hell
that the authorities are really going to
be able to keep a close eye on this man
how can they keep an eye on him when
he's worked with the network of
extremists who used secretive social
networks and clever internet tricks to
hide their identities for so long this
man is motivated there's no way in hell
he's gonna stop and as taxpayers are
being lumped with a bill of 2 million
quid every year this isn't what we want
we want Anjem Choudary to be
hop back in prison and I proved that by
the way because with your help I
commissioned a public opinion poll by
reputable opinion polling company one
poll which is used by ITV and Sky and we
found that 68% of the British public
disagree with Anjan being released from
prison
early and I'm delivering that petition
this week this week when Anjem Choudary
is being released from prison I'm
delivering that petition to Downing
Street
I'm handing it straight into the
government so please share it far and
wide jail engine calm if you haven't
signed already please sign but if you
haven't already chipped in to their
campaign jail and Jim calm please
consider doing so because we've already
commissioned the professional public
opinion poll which I'm gonna hand in to
Downing Street but if we can raise
enough money I'd love to get a billboard
up in central London if they'll let me
do it trust me
we'll get that up if if we can raise
enough funds I will get that billboard
up so please go to jail and Jim calm and
consider chipping in and if you already
have chipped in thank you you made this
happen we can't take this lying down two
million pounds a year is obscene that's
a huge amount of money that could be
spent much more wisely it could be spent
on our elderly on our armed forces on
vulnerable children you name it it's a
better way of spending it than giving it
to protect a monitor and Jim Chowdhury
who should frankly be rotting for the
rest of his life in prison we can't be
housing this evil man on on our own
pounds so please go to jail and Jim calm
support the campaign and thank you to
everybody who's helped already I want
the government to hear us they have to
act so we must act we must tell them to
act will you help me with this please
head over to jail and Jim calm and let's
get this monster locked back
you
