so Twitter and the rest of the interwebs
are still reverberating with shockwaves
after the Red Hen restaurant kicked Sara
Sanders out on Friday and it won't come
as too big of a surprise what side of
the skirmish some university professors
renowned for their tolerance and
inclusion have found themselves on let's
take a look
let me introduce you to University of
New Brunswick professor Matthew Sears
now I'm not going to say Matthew looks
like the kind of dude who has some lewd
current I can wall tear tentacle porn
stashed under his bed
but honestly what's with that grin
here's professor Sears very scholarly
analysis of the Sanders situation forget
respectability politics forget the
politics of division forget civility
let's denormalize these folks and their
ideas every single chance we get
including throwing them the hell out of
restaurants like we should have done
from the very beginning right because of
course the best way to prove that your
ideas are superior to someone elses
isn't smashing them in debate no no it's
denying those people food the esteemed
professor says that kicking the press
secretary out of a restaurant isn't what
made Trump win and then posted this
pretty cryptic message for my fellow
Christians who asked what would Jesus do
he would make a whip with materials
lying around and violently drive them
from the temple while denouncing them in
no uncertain terms here Matthew of no
relation to the disciple that's for sure
here Matthew appears to be referencing a
Bible verse in which Jesus used a whip
to herd sheep and cattle out of a temple
so aside from adding that little
violently which some could interpret as
incitement Matthew appears to be
comparing Trump cabinet members to
animals and here I thought that was
taboo given the left's hysteria when the
president compared ms-13 members to
animals but I guess attempting to
maintain a nation's borders makes you
worse than raping people and cutting out
their hearts I don't know
but Matthew who's also previously
compared rebel media shirts and Magga
hats to Ku Klux Klan hoods and Nazi
banners wasn't the only Canadian
professor with a woke take on Sanders
responding to another academic who
thought that kicking Sanders out of a
restaurant pointed towards segregation
university of waterloo professor Emmett
McFarland said -1000 screw the fascists
it's 1934 and pundits are complaining
that a restaurant refused to serve
durables comparing the press secretary
to the Nazi propaganda minister now what
does the erudite Emmett teach well in an
ironic twist that shouldn't come as a
shock if you're a regular campus
unmasked viewer it turns out he's a
political science professor I'm guessing
his classes have two units progressive
good think and then conservatism
libertarianism and classical liberalism
in the unit titled Nazi for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
