unless fake news narrative on
immigration is crumbling and Trump picks
up and unlikely and probably inadvertent
a lie in Obama's Homeland Security
Secretary jeh Johnson President Donald
Trump is fighting back against the fake
news on immigration being pushed by
Democrats on left-wing media and he had
an unlikely and inadvertent ally in Jed
Johnson Obama's former homeland security
chief he former secretary of Department
Homeland Security under Barack Obama I'm
gonna get to all that in just a minute
but Trump finally finally had enough now
I'm ready for a Daily Mail story they
did a very good job summarizing all of
this but Trump is finally taking the
gloves off and he's tweeting and I love
when the president tweet and he says
Drudge Report referring to a story on
The Drudge Report Obama kept them in
cages wrapped them in foil we do a much
better job while at the same time
maintaining a much stronger border
mainstream fake media hates this story
did it again it's very sad that Nancy
Pelosi and her sidekick cryin Chuck
Schumer want to protect illegal
immigrants are more than the citizens of
our country United States cannot stand
for this we want safety and security at
our borders now the images that the
president was talking about showed
you've probably seen the images by now
they sure look like a warehouse with
some very basic like foam pads I didn't
really mattresses on the floor on these
illegals in these cages spells where
they should have been because they're
illegal wrapped in those foil space
blank and it was very it was very bright
in there many of them were young kids
now look I've said time and again nobody
is out there gloating about young
children being held in any kind of
facility no one is no one is but this is
a tough issue
now from the Daily Mail story that's
actually printing some honesty in 2014
Obama responded to a huge rush of
unaccompanied child migrants from
Central America by establishing large
centers to hold the youngsters while
they were being processed
and it goes to say those are the images
to which Trump is referring in it reads
now he's trying to show the difference
in condition Obama really did have these
kids in pretty abysmal conditions and
these are little kids I don't blame the
kids it's heartbreaking
I blame their parents it's not all of
these people are seeking asylum and not
all of the people speaking asylum are
legitimate the vast majority are not the
vast majority of these asylum seekers
are well illegals trying to use the
claim of asylum to and in the United
States legitimately we know all this but
I'm glad to see the president finally
finally fighting back now
yeah they're supposedly according to far
left erupt woman with her own problems
oh I say allegedly corrupt because of
the Awan brothers scandal Debbie
wasserman-schultz one with their own
problems and there's another story here
in the Miami Herald those babies
separated from parents or an immigrant
shelters near Miami lawmaker says now
that lawmaker is of course debbie
Wasserman Schultz and it says at least
10 babies and toddlers taken away from
their parents after crossing the
us-mexico border are being housed in
quote tender-age shelters in miami-dade
US Rep w oz Herman chill told the Miami
Herald on Saturday now Miami Herald
doesn't going to be a wand scandal
doesn't go into all of the V Wasserman
Schultz's problems Miami Herald is now
using debbie Wasserman Schultz as some
kind of hero some kind of crusader for
these babies
now be they're saying that these kids
who range in age from newborns to
five-year-olds being sheltered at his
house children's home in Miami Gardens
and Catholic Charities Children's
Village and Cutler Bay formerly known as
Boys Town I've driven by the ladder
facility I've never driven by the former
but both of these facilities apparently
are certified who house shelter feed
care for little kids or better far
better than the conditions they would
otherwise be in coming across the border
now Debbie wasserman-schultz
is saying that she was given a document
by federal officials and she's making
all kinds of claims but a guy named Mark
Weber who'd says spokesman for the
Department of Health and Human Services
would not immediately confirm the
figures provided by Wasserman Schultz he
later described tender age shelters as
facilities for kids 12 and under and
they he said quote these are specialized
facilities licensed by the state that
are fully capable of taking care of very
young children
very young children of course separated
by at the border their parent broke
federal law now one of the priests I'm
sorry a woman named Mary Ross Agosta
he's a spokeswoman for the Archdiocese
of Miami she said quote I cannot know
they run the Boys Town they run another
facility the one down in Cutler Bay
which is Cutler Bay is on the east side
of miami-dade County it runs along
Biscayne Bay south and you get pretty
Cutler Bay is pretty far south before
you hit area it's like homestead
eventually winding up in the Upper
Florida Keys oh it's down there it's
pretty far down there actually a very
very nice area very safe area parts of
the area you're very affluent so it's
all these kids are being sent do some
kind of Detention Center in a bad
neighborhood there are mega mansions
down there near Cutler Bay
professional athletes live there there's
a nice nice part of miami-dade County
middle class parts as well but some very
very affluent areas they're very low
crime pretty safe and so if you were
going to send children somewhere this is
a place you had to send them this is a
place where they'd be very safe if you
send them he said Mary Ross Agosto
spokeswoman for the archdiocese man I
cannot confirm the exact age of the
children but I do know that we do have
children who are younger than what we
normally have we normally take in
children or past the age of 10 I do know
that we have children from the border
who are younger than that quite a bit
younger than 10
she also says this facility is capable
of handling 81 children
that's the capacity he doesn't know how
many recently amen
now this facility was originally opened
who over five decades ago the house kids
coming in from Cuba so it's it was built
from the ground up or child immigrants
without their parents again if you're
going to send a kid somewhere to be safe
while we try to get things in order here
in terms of immigration their status
their parents this is a place you'd want
to send them
again no shelter is a better option for
a child than being with their parents so
as the parents are abusive or harmful
ISM
but the parents chose to break federal
immigration law here in the US so this
is a good good way handle a terrible
terrible situation
now of course no matter what Debbie
wasserman-schultz saw no matter what she
saw she was going to find a reason to
politicize it but criticized crumpit
ministry and as expected the far left
Miami heralds gonna help her along so
they right following Wasserman Schultz's
tour of the homeland temporary shelter
for unaccompanied children on Saturday
homestead temporary shelter for
unaccompanied children on Saturday
Wasserman shall just this pass out it if
you did Saturday a few days ago
why shouldn't Wasserman Schultz
criticized the Trump administration's
lack of clear instruction on how to
reunify more than 2300 children
separated from their parents at the US
border since Trump's zero tolerance
policy was enacted in April by US
Attorney Deb sessions now now how does
she know that that is
lassic are left political lip service
let's read it again
he said the administration lacks clear
instruction on how to reunify the more
than 2300 children separated from their
parents at the US border Vince Trump's
zero tolerance policy was enacted in
April by US attorney Jeff Sessions how
does she know that she's in the minority
party debbie Wasserman Schultz has a ton
of her own legal issues right now a ton
I think she should be indicted for what
she left the Awan brothers do I believe
they've always been under the thumb of
Pakistani intelligence the ISI I believe
that she gave them access to
congressional computers that compromise
national security but she's not sitting
in meetings the Department of Homeland
Security he's not read in on this
doesn't know any of the things she's
doing
now while Simon Schultz is also saying
that the three miami-dade shelters
appeared to be the only ones in Florida
currently housing migrant children
separated from their families
as of Friday there were 1179 migrant
children aged 13 to 17 at the homestead
florida shelter that's down on the
southern end of miami-dade county homes
792 boys 387 girls including 70 but
we've been separated from their families
at the US Mexican border and let's think
about that not the story that debbie
Wasserman Schultz is telling and that
number came from the a program director
at the shelter a woman named Leslie wood
the Debbie wasserman-schultz is saying
that all these kids are separated from
their families and the Trump
administration lacks clear direction to
reunify them the director of the shelter
where their kids actually are the person
in the know is saying no of the 1179
migrant kids aged 13 to 17 at my shelter
only 70 were separated from their
families at the border because their
parents either
uh we're entrusted to be able to take
care of them the kid was in danger the
parent committed another crime or
authorities couldn't prove it was the
parent or legal guardian 70 though 1,100
1,100 and nine kids of that shelter out
of the 1179 the 1109 were already alone
they were unaccompanied minors at the
border
seventy of that number 70 not even it's
it's about 5% of the 1170 just around
95% we're not separated from their
families at the border Wow does that
throw a wrench in the Democrats gears a
big wrench in the Democrats gears
Wow
there are
another 125 children separated at the
border in the house the shelter up in
Miami Gardens area of Florida and
another 70 at the Children's Village
home
so I'll be about 1,500 to 2,000 kids
being sheltered in the miami-dade area
now this says 2300 children separated
from their parents at the border but we
have no confirmation on that but just in
the Miami area let's say there are 1500
kids separated from their families of
1500 kids being sheltered only a hundred
two hundred and sixty five of those were
separated at the border
only about 265 of 15 to 1700 that really
throws a wrench in the left's narrative
but there's more here's a story from
Breitbart nine times ms-13 gang members
that's documented
he's the ones who were caught nine times
ms-13 gang members posed as minors or
used kids who enter the US illegally
number one ms-13 gang members smuggles
himself and a child into the u.s. may
2nd 2018 my mother's birthday not 2018 a
second
Border Patrol apprehended an adult male
who was traveling with a one-year-old
son he is a known ms-13 gang member who
was previously removed from the country
in 2012 the next line is critically
important the minor child was released
to his uncle but the kids have another
legal guardian here in the u.s. they
don't get put into a shelter it go with
family
number two ms-13 gang member who posed
as an unaccompanied minor accused of
murder
number 7 2013 Border Patrol apprehended
an unaccompanied alien child he was
given a notice to appear and released in
the United States on September 2016 the
subject was one of the 11 ms-13 gang
members involved in the killing of
teenage girls in Long Island New York I
brought you that story and you saw the
families of those girls sitting with
President Trump at his immigration and
ms-13 roundtable in Long Island last
month number three ms-13 gang member
uses her woman child to try to enter the
US illegally
may 8th May 1st rather 27 2018 Border
Patrol apprehended a known female ms-13
gang member who was traveling with her
minor daughter
after being processed both mother and
child were released under their own
recognizance after 18 days
in the US and known ms-13 gang member
ms-13 gang member illegally enters us as
an unaccompanied minor
number third 2014 same story
unaccompanied alien child known ms-13
gang member he was also listed on the
state of Texas ten most wanted fugitives
list compiled by the Texas Department of
Public Safety
it was located and arrested in Virginia
and is currently awaiting trial of the
murder of two people in Houston Texas
ms-13 gang member brings child to the
border gets released May 9th 2018
female and a 13 gang member traveling
with her minor daughter they were
released after just under a month
and the list goes on previously deported
illegal aliens
use immigration loophole to try to enter
the u.s. he brought his seven-year-old
daughter along
several more about ms-13 gang members
bringing their kids to the border and
being released no we're not separating
every family indiscriminately we're just
not doing it now you would think if you
only listen to the media and the
Democrats that Trump is doing something
unprecedented big bad evil Donald Trump
is in an unprecedented fashion removing
kids from their parents mmm creating
orphans basically right but no worry
from media Fox News Sunday yesterday
morning
Obama's Homeland Security Secretary jeh
Johnson on Chris Wallace's show on Fox
News really admitted here's the title
Obama DHS sec jeh johnson freely admits
that detained children family may detain
children and families he said we
believed it was necessary now the ACO
you blasted Obama for this mainstream
media doesn't to hear it
Jay Johnson Obama's homeland security
secretary said this vote without a doubt
the images and the reality from 2014
just like 2018 are not pretty we
expanded it I freely admit it was
controversial we believed it was
necessary at the time I still believe it
is necessary to remain a certain
capability for families
Wow
John's hood also addressed another
phrase that has come up many times in
the last week saying directly we can't
have catch and release and stating that
under his Department Homeland Security
the Obama administration quote deported
or repatriated over a million people
when obama did it it was fine there was
a media blackout Trump does it he's an
evil Nazi pain policies fame numbers
same facilities same kinds of attention
same family separations when one party
does it it's ok when the other party
does it it's not and that is the very
definition of sake news
reporting something you didn't report on
previously and make me believe the prior
incidents didn't happen because they
were perpetrated by those who share your
political beliefs
America's lost all trust in the media
and like I said I didn't mind what Obama
did it I don't mind when Trump did it
what does it law enforcement is law
enforcement Obama's Department of
Homeland Security enforced the law Trump
says both were right
none were wrong shame on Democrats in
the mainstream media for telling two
entirely different stories about the
same policy carried out and in almost
identical if not an identical way this
immigration story is constantly evolving
and very important I want to bring you
the latest on it every day so help me do
that by subscribing to our premium
service at WWWE Lorde / shows go to your
app store download the rebel app and as
always thank you so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
