a little bit of an update on what I'm
going to be doing for the next few weeks
and one last bit of Hollywood political
news before I head out of the country
coming up today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel by the time
this video hits the rebel website I will
probably be about 35,000 feet above the
Atlantic somewhere in between the US and
Israel I'm heading there with some of my
favorite people on earth and some of
your favorite rebels it will be me Katie
Hopkins our fearless leader Ezra LaVon
David Menzies I am so so excited we will
be all over Israel and I will be
reporting from there I will try to
follow what's happening in the US but
most of my videos will consist of
covering what we are doing and seeing
and experiencing while in Israel so I'm
really looking forward to sharing that
with you but a little bit of news before
I leave a Hollywood icon someone who
some of the most elite and creative
minds in Hollywood have the utmost
respect for David Lynch had some pretty
interesting comments in an interview
with The Guardian a little bit about
David Lynch if you don't know who he is
he is a writer and director and he is
the genius and strange mind behind Twin
Peaks and Mulholland Drive my boyfriend
tried to get me to watch Twin Peaks Once
Upon a Time and it was far too strange
for me but he has a huge fan base people
love his stuff it's so weird anyway in
the past Lynch has supported Bernie
Sanders and Gary Johnson but in an
interview with The Guardian he told them
this about Trump I'm not really a
political person but I really like the
freedom to do what you want to do Trump
could could go down as one of the
greatest presidents in history because
he has disrupted the thing so much no
one is able to counter this guy in an
intelligent way our so-called leaders
can't take the country forward can't get
anything done like children they are
Trump has shown all of this now he's
safe like a lot of the openly
conservative folks in Hollywood he's
sort of untouchable especially within
his genre of freaky stuff but I find it
really impressive that he had the guts
to say this and he's a hundred percent
right Trump came in and
shook things up and he's not like any of
the leaders we have ever had David Lynch
saying this gives me hope and I feel
like I say this probably every time a
celebrity comes out and says something
even remotely positive about Trump but
maybe this will be the impetus or the
beginning of a domino reaction where
celebrities who might not hate Trump
will start speaking their minds and not
be terrified of the repercussions within
their industry okay I'm out I'm heading
to the airport I will see you guys in
Israel thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at WWWE a forward
slash shows make sure you're following
us on Facebook and Twitter for all of
our latest news and download our new app
for the rebel media on the App Store
that way you will have instant and easy
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching I'm Amanda head for the
rebel
