good evening sneezing but when I give
love a quick update of where we are at
with that I am soldier X campaign and
also I want to give a message to any
soldiers who are being called in for
disciplinary action or anything one of
my good friends of good friends for
years when we when I was younger he's in
the army he has a picture of me in him
obviously on his social media I haven't
seen him for a few years now but as a
picture of us together
wedding years ago he's been called in
called in and threatened with
disciplinary and forced to remove that
picture so I'm aware the lots of people
being threatened with disciplinary in
fact I have evidence which I was sharing
with people very soon what I want people
to know him
our contact is a slit up some of you may
remember Daniel Burke Daniel Burke was
the lawyer who took up the Chelsea white
case Chelsea was the young girl in
Sunderland who was attacked and raped by
migrants and Iraqi refugees if I'm right
now
Daniel Burke has agreed to take on any
of these cases and those costs will be
covered so he's currently had
conversations already with three members
of our armed forces are in contact with
they're waiting to find out what the
army you're gonna do so the if you're in
the military and you're being called in
there be no you don't have contact with
me everything you say will be covered in
the strictest confidence so an email
address for anyone which I want you to
share with them if people if they're
going to be disciplinary people which I
don't believe they can there's nothing
in the Queen's regulations that prevent
them having a photograph with a
journalist for example so the email
address if you if you are in the armed
services is soldier at the rebel dot
media if you contact that you'll be
linked up with a lawyer and the lawyers
will fight anything and everything
that's per you so I've already made this
offer to the young gentleman 17 year old
who is sold X is where this has come
from this has now developed under I've
been seeing it welling up a torn off let
me just one sec so I'm still waiting to
hear how do you guys discharge Dayton
the top brass what's come out of this
and I hope you all see in the messages
of support from the people in the Armed
Services who are making it very clear
where they stand on this issue I've had
captain's contacted me telling me how
disgusted they all are and how in that
captain's exact words were he should've
been made to give to do 50 press ops and
clean the toilet so I think this out for
a week that's it when you've got people
convicted of sexual assaults when you've
got drug dealers
none of them losing their jobs for those
coins but losing your job that shows how
politically correct the top brass are
becoming within the armed services no
they must be witnessing this notice how
no media have talked about this campaign
yet none of them no no but this is
campaign isn't gonna stop even so we'll
have a go at the minute we're 175,000
signatures and that's with all of you
now if you've tried sign me the
attempted block in by many of the big
tech companies of the websites to do to
do the petition that's with that how
many were how many people would have
signed a petition if they could have got
on when they tried to kill so we're
gonna keep the petition go we're asking
you to keep sign-in it and then I'll
plan we'll see what happens over the
next seven days and if we have to rally
on mass outside the Ministry of Defense
oh I can't believe and you know what
I've been sitting at times
well enough read in these stories and
reading these messages because they're
coming in I mean I'm getting thousands
of messages it's hard for me to keep up
it's impossible it's keep up we're
trying to read to see just how low
morale is and I'm a supporter of our
armed forces and some people would say
that I've read some people saying this
could be damaging against the Armed
Forces it may be damaging against people
want in the joint I'm sorry we need a
complete overhaul of what's currently
happening the way people are just
chucked down on with post make stress
disorder just left on a scrap heap with
no help from those support I had one
person come to me said within their
regimen there's two suicides a month I
well said that the other day if you had
eight suicides in the last week in the
Armed Forces that's a national disgrace
what is happening the way they're
treated it's a national disgrace and if
it does have become so public and if it
does have to to bring about the change
for them to come out and tell people
they're gonna give change then that's
how it has to happen and the only I
don't have a little worried that I'm in
court on the 23rd so I want to plan
whether this on the plan a date for
demonstration if we need to demonstrate
we now have 135,000 people that we can
contact say let's go this is the new
campaign this is what we're planning on
doing we plan on marching plan will
evaluate all out over the next week I'm
actually at the Old Bailey next week for
on the 23rd of this month for my reat
role in a politically driven case where
they want to put me back in prison
because I read the news outside of a
courtroom in England didn't prejudice
the trial at all in fact the evidence
will says that doesn't matter we'll try
and do it and then what one thing is if
they weren't already annoyed with me and
then when they were we know there were
but this this campaign
definitely triggered a lot within the
establishment they'll be watching this
is saying oh my god the Armed Forces are
revolting or speaking out across the
country I'm merely traveling all week me
and lots more so many people coming
forward now after will after the two
lads who I've been blacking out every
every soldier I've met what videos have
lots of them but black dildo because I
don't want to I didn't want to be in the
position where if they can lose their
careers and jobs but to the made a
decision yesterday to say no we need to
make a stand Amanda point on this and
they actually have called other soldiers
and other people serving saying show
where you stand on this do it bare face
and tell them that we're entitled to our
own opinion as well I'm not political
figure they keep saying political figure
I'm involved in a political party I'm a
journalist I'm a journalist and if
they're good enough to if you have them
to fight and serve and possibly die then
we'll be there and that their own
opinion and then yeah anyway so that's
it but that's what I was worrying about
if that what they made on the tour
because I'm sure this is worrying them
very much and I think this is our you
just the start of it this I am soldier X
can become a voice for all the people
serving if all the problems are going on
I know enough and to be honest I've only
seen rude or ignorant people when people
are messaging me is impossible to keep
up so when one stop for a few days I've
been on stuff the next few days but had
the last 24 hours
with my wife and kids up her in in the
will of Liverpool so I just erm that's
it the purpose of this was really an
update to tell people that if they need
if they need if they need lawyers will
get them um that's it I've got another
okie got David as a week goes on because
of are lots of people to see and lots of
other stories come in
but this needs rear-wheel planning and
it become can become a vehicle a vehicle
for you to have your say and that's what
I said then when people are writing down
their messages they're so powerful when
you're reading them and seeing these
pictures of injured personnel with all
the trucks they've been there having to
take and their support not there for
them this has come become way more than
just about soldier X who they're trying
to discharge the top brass in the
country the top brass in the military
you have to be listening to this you
have to be seeing this and you should be
demand change yourself so if for any
armed forces keep getting contacts keep
getting contact keep sending your
pictures in walking point no lie in them
I'll need to get as I said I go away
because I'm in court Friday because I'm
in court next Tuesday I'm away I go away
Friday with my wife and kids because I
think I'm probably I think I'm putting
me back in jail on Tuesday so positive
so um but as much as I can from next
seven days and then work out a way of
leaving it that gets ready to run walk
they can continue sorry contempt a call
yeah it's another thing what why
remember there's a video online of the
police bring a Somali migrant onto a
train onto a plane because he's being
deployed he's been deployed because
there's a court order to deport him
if you affect that call order which is
what the passengers on the plane done
the Muslim passengers on the plane
prevented him from being deployed let
him know what his crime was but the
police officer told them is a violent
offender yeah and he's been deployed at
his country for the safety of the
British public they prevented him being
deported on they're all on camera
preventing it they had to take him back
off the plane he was not deployed it
turns out he's a gang rapists he's a
gang rapists so he gang raped a woman
with his Somalian friends an
Englishwoman
doubt of his Somalian friends those men
who prevented that deportation on the
plane they're gonna get arrested the
briefer going against the court order
they're gonna get punished it's just
ridiculous and even even though I've
just found they have a little another
case like Mike order though I'm supposed
to have breached well I got which I was
sends to 13 months in prison for Levi
bellingfield who as a pedophile rapist
no he murdered a child when he was on
trial for murdering that child The Daily
Mirror cause prejudice to the trial with
their report actually caps the trial so
the family of the young girl murdered
who watched it they will had to go
through the trial again with a new jury
yeah far worse than anything I'm accused
of doing they got a 10,000 pound fine
I've just been going through two lists
all looking forward the cases to just
think why am I going back to jail this
one what for well kids be annoying
anyway so see you later
you
