hey sports fans this just in apparently
the use of sassy language is now deemed
to be a safety issue and just wait until
you hear what happened to former Toronto
Blue Jays player Kelly Gruber
why is everything that's deemed as being
the slightest bit offensive is now
classified as some sort of a safety
issue these days you know the drill free
speech on campus is routinely shut down
if the speech in question involves
right-of-center viewpoints oh it's not a
censorship issue or anything like that
you see folks it's a safety issue given
that some social justice snowflakes
might get triggered and that might make
them act out violently
and that will lead to a safe space on
campus becoming an unsafe space and
since employing enough security to deal
with the malcontents would be terribly
expensive it's perhaps best we're all
concerned that the event gets scuttled
safety first after all but it would
appear that when it comes to something
as innocuous as a retired baseball
player busting the chops of a couple of
sports casters well this too is
supposedly a safety issue as well case
in point earlier this month the Canadian
Baseball Hall of Fame actually removed
former Toronto Blue Jay star Kelly
Gruber from its induction festivities
after he uttered so-called controversial
comments during a panel discussion oh my
that sounds serious
what did Kelly Gruber do advocate
genocide that he mocked the holy quran
Oh hardly here's an excerpt of Kelly
just being Kelly and trying to inject
some frivolity into a panel discussion
that seemed to be about as exciting as
paint drying they want you yeah you know
so I we don't really need this girl here
right Wow respect at an all-time high I
see yo and I'm not buying for a job oh
you're in a pleasant mood today
Kelly hi nice to meet you so yeah what's
your show sorry do you I'm just kidding
just by way from Texas weird
where we play we have flying boots
actually you know hanging out with guys
like moe
there's a lot of ribbon going on and if
you give it you got to be willing to
take it so I can take whatever you got
but you my friend real quick you replace
Donnie
who's that okay we got to work on the
wardrobe with it's wrong with a big
shoot of feel with Wow
no yeah is it good whoo I just found out
Moe told me you took whatever that guy's
name yeah I choose to plead the fifth on
that and it's good it's working yeah is
it fun
what yeah the job oh man I'm living in
Texas I'm just trying to catch up yes
fun okay thanks for asking
she got a break now see she's good I
think I just need a drink before I'm
because that was an interesting
introduction okay let's talk a little
bit of Blue Jays baseball you guys Kevin
I'm gonna start with you we're gonna
talk about the Jays hey as far as I can
tell Kelly was just hamming it up maybe
it was funny maybe it was
unintentionally funny which by the way
is the best kind of funny maybe it was
downright embarrassing but whether it
was unfunny or cringe inducing at the
very least that was entertaining at
least by the current benchmark by which
we now measure interviews with athletes
these days which goes like this how's it
going out there Johnny
and Johnny's answer is inevitably
cliched crap along the lines of it's do
or die but we're playing to win or
everyone on this team is giving a
hundred and ten percent whoa riveting
now Gruber obviously wanted to shake
things up a tad but get this just for
uttering those comments Gruber was
actually later frog marched out of the
venue just for doing what did he do
exactly but check out the statement from
homeland sports founder Kevin Kennedy
who actually thought it was incumbent
upon him to issue a press release to
address this so-called incident quote it
is our firm belief that no one should be
made to feel uncomfortable
safe or should into our forms of
harassment whether it be in the
workplace at home or on the street end
quote
unsafe there's that word again and in
relation to what in polite language gee
I thought doing electrical work without
turning the power off was a safety issue
or swimming in shark-infested waters but
a retired baseball player taking a few
playful jabs that seemed to be a safety
issue give me a break
and for what it's worth I thought the
host handled themselves just fine
actually docking didn't curl up into the
fetal position and weep rather she shot
right back at Gruber sarcastically
stating respect at an all-time high I
see and you're in a good mood today
Kelly clearly docking was no damsel in
distress but you'd think that was the
case given the language used in the
press release apologizing for this day
of baseball infamy quote the homestand
team including talent and crew is a
family with a shared love for sports we
look out for each other and we have a
zero-tolerance policy for hatred and
bullying including sexism and harassment
of any kind
end quote holy Harvey Weinstein sexism
hatred harassment bullying you know I
think these descriptors are tossed
around in such a Cavalier manner these
days that they've actually lost all
their meaning
maybe it's because Sports has become
such a huge business these days that
there's no room for characters or
colorful comments anymore
or maybe because the current generation
of broadcasters were schooled in such a
politically correct bubble wrap by smear
that they can't even cope with a
conversation that's not dripping and
mind-numbing cliches and feel-good
poppycock what a shame because at the
end of the day Sports is all about
entertainment and in the entertainment
business you've got to be good or bad or
so bad that you're good but the cardinal
sin the unforgivable fault is to be
boring and that's what political
correctness
ultimately leads to mind-numbing
soul-destroying
boredom for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
