I mean they really do hate us they
basically don't want us to buy tickets
to their movies they don't want us to
patronize what they produce and now pro
sports is creeping Anna's former NBA
legend Boston Celtics legend Kevin
McHale was seen at the Trump rally in
Duluth Minnesota a couple of nights ago
there are people actually calling for
McHale to be ostracized from basketball
the way Pete Rose was from baseball for
gambling on the game here to discuss it
all with me is our very own the
Hollywood conservative Amanda head
Amanda it's getting ridiculous we saw
DeNiro a couple of weeks ago at the
Tony's acting like a moron well I expect
that right he's in an echo chamber he's
at the Tony Awards arguably the most
left-wing room on the planet outside of
the Chinese Communist Politburo whatever
they call it or Kim Jong Un's inner
circle that I expected then we have
Peter Fonda calling for violence against
children and now the NBA or I should say
sports sports casters right calling for
McHale would be Kevin McHale of this
formerly of the Boston Celtics to be
basically ostracized from baseball let
me review this Amanda what if Kevin
McHale actually showed up to Trump's
rally in Duluth today what everything
this is happening now and with Trump's
Dunnan stands for yeah he's canceled
wrote sports talk radio host Henry Lake
one of my childhood idols Kevin McHale
just kicked picture old me right in the
guts and I felt it 32 years later with
interest wrote a fan and a widely shared
tweet adding fu Kevin me this is
unhinged behavior isn't it yeah but you
know I mean we we've actually seen
instances of this very recently we saw
it on social media with Jack Dorsey
tweeting that he went to chick-fil-a and
he was right to apologize we are we are
at a point where if you if you are not
violently opposed to the Trump
administration and I talked about this
in a video this
you know we blurred the lines between so
much stuff and we've we've gone so far
to appease people and especially with
like identity politics and such we've
gone so far that if you don't violently
oppose this administration then you are
far right and you should be Doc's on the
internet removed from the job and your
life should be destroyed I want to bring
you these interviews pretty much every
day if I can I want to bring you Kurt at
the end of every week so we can recap so
you got to help me keep doing that by
subscribing to our premium service at
wwww forward slash goes go to the App
Store download the outstanding rebel app
and as always thank you so much for
watching you have a great great weekend
I'll be back with you on Monday
