well there's been a spike of pedestrian
and cycling accidents involving cars in
Toronto
so the solution according to the stats
being bandied about by one advocacy
group is to ban cars turning right on a
red light alas yet again we face another
well intentioned but useless idea that
is being propped up by junk science
sadly there's been an upward blip in the
number of traffic deaths in Toronto
involving cars colliding with
pedestrians and cyclists so far this
year 18 pedestrians and four cyclists
have been killed every death is tragic
of course but a coalition of traffic
safety advocates is proposing a solution
that's not only misguided but one that
will only lead to further traffic
congestion and their whiz-bang ideas
this ban cars from turning right on a
red light now as reported in the Toronto
Star a coalition a coalition called 880
cities whatever that means
notes that 13% of all pedestrian
injuries or deaths are a result of
right-turning vehicles at intersections
Wow 13% sounds daunting so it goes
without saying that banning right turns
on red will surely take a bite out of
pedestrian and cyclist deaths right well
actually no because while 13% sounds
dramatic according to my math what this
stat really says is that 87% of
accidents occur when a car is driving
straight or making a left turn I'm going
out on a limb here by assuming precious
few accidents occur while a car is
driving in Reverse on city streets and
it gets more intriguing in the
department of the devil is in the
details the right turn set being cited
by 880 cities does not specifically
state that those cars involved in right
turn collisions were indeed turning
right on a red just that the cars were
turning right period so that 13% figure
is further diminished and while there's
certainly a power imbalance when it
comes to a car versus a pedestrian or a
cyclist
it would be folly to assume that only
cars are to blame for such accidents I
frequently Drive in downtown Toronto I
can tell you folks that so many
pedestrians simply just don't care about
safety anymore I frequently see
pedestrians dressed in dark clothing at
nighttime merely waltzing off the curb
right into oncoming traffic oblivious to
any and all danger and invariably their
faces are buried in their mobile devices
it's enough to make Ella more the safety
elephant weep meanwhile many cyclists
also consider the rules of the road as
being simply suggested guidelines oh and
I've got news for cyclists who ride at
night without the mandated front and
rear illumination when you do this your
bicycle is instantly transformed into
into the ground-level version of a
stealth fighter jet virtually invisible
for anyone else to see even so yet again
another anti car group lays all the
blame on car drivers that's not to say
motors are entirely without blame of
course but there are already Highway
Traffic Act penalties on the books for
those drivers who make any kind of
unsafe turn so sorry nanny state
advocates Toronto doesn't need a blanket
ban on a commonplace maneuver that far
more often than not is completed without
any sort of unfortunate incident
occurring whatsoever for the rebel media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey folks
the rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
