here's another little baby we don't know
the name of the baby we don't know the
face we don't know much about the baby
this is a baby that was killed by a
Muslim terrorists in Nice France when
that terrorist drove a massive truck
down the promenade murdering more than
80 wounding nearly 500 we don't know
this kid's name her image will not be
politicized or weaponized unlike en ella
hernandez two-year-old girl her picture
has been everywhere front page of the
New York Times front page countless
papers especially those on the left here
the New York Daily News calls Trump and
animal for abusing this little girl half
a million people on Facebook crowd
funded a campaign to fight against this
racism they've raised almost 20 million
bucks so far that evil Donald Trump I
mean who is so evil that he separates a
crying child from her own parents well
not Trump actually and not Trump's
police the girl was in fact never
separated from her mom and the story is
almost as weird as Aylan Kurdi 'he's dad
going for free dental work in germany
here's the first fact a statement by ice
that stands for Immigration and Customs
Enforcement police this is a note that
they sent to journalists yesterday on
June 12 2018 sandra maria sanchez 32 a
previously deported woman from honduras
illegally re-entered the united states
she was arrested by agents with the US
Customs and Border Protection's border
patrol near Hidalgo Texas while
traveling with a family member on June
17th 2018 Sanchez was transferred to ice
custody and is currently housed at the
South Texas family residential center in
Dili Texas her immigration proceedings
are ongoing but look at this on July 3
Sanchez was encountered by immigration
officials in hebbronville Texas on July
9th 2013 she was transferred to IC ro
custody on July 18th 2013 Sanchez was
removed to Honduras under expedited
removal oh so she hasn't been separated
from her daughter they're together in a
family facility after all and not just
that the mum Sundra Maria Sanchez
she's illegally entering America for a
second time having been caught and
deported five years ago by Barack Obama
but the story get sweeter dental trip
thoughts die weird even weird and that
the father of this two-year-old Honduran
girl he's got something to say about
this he was interviewed at length by the
Daily Mail a uk-based newspaper he says
Sandra Sanchez his wife the girl's
mother basically kidnapped her he says
he disagreed with her decision to try to
sneak into the US illegally again he
disagreed with her taking their daughter
on such a dangerous trip he disagreed
with her paying $6,000 to a human
trafficker called a coyote surely a gang
member
remember that up to 60% of women and
children smuggled across the border are
sexually assaulted including by their
human traffickers and the evil Donald
Trump yeah no he saved them here's the
father in that exclusive interview with
Daily Mail and an undistorted s Honduras
says that he was told yesterday that his
wife and child are being detained at a
family residential center in Texas but
if together in doing fine
you can imagine how I felt when I saw
that photo of my daughter it broke my
heart it's difficult as a father to see
that but I know now they are not in
danger they are safer now than when they
were making that journey to the border
he said let me read some more I'm not
sure if this is mother of the year
material here Dennis that's the dad said
that his wife had previously mentioned
her wish to go to the United States for
a better future but did not tell him or
any of their family members that she was
planning to make the trek I didn't
support it I asked her why why would she
want to put our little girl through that
but it was her decision at the end of
the day and this I don't have any
resentment for my wife but I do think it
was irresponsible of her to take the
baby with her in her arms because we
don't know what could happen the couple
has three other children son Wesley 14
daughter Cindy 11 and Brianna 6 so we
have a mom who basically walked away
from her family her husband who has a
respectable job and her three other kids
she wants to be a big star in America
literally took a two-year-old through a
coyote smuggler to break the law and
sneak into America again after Barack
Obama deport her and she was captured
and is in a family facility now every
single thing about the story that was
reported in Time magazine and in the New
York Times and on Canada's CBC every
single thing they said about it was fake
news that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including all ways
to interview today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
