the hypocrisy surrounding Roseanne and
Peter Fonda shows the dark underbelly of
popular media in America after Roseanne
was booted from ABC for some
questionable tweets a convenient excuse
for the networks I'm sure the question
of the contracts of the rest of the cast
was asked the Press reported that Laura
Metcalf Sara Gilbert and John Goodman
were all expected to be paid out tens of
millions of dollars owing to the fact
that they had already signed up for
another season
The Lost ad revenue alone could have
totaled another 60 million dollars in
losses for ABC so the decision to drop
Roseanne became a battle between
appeasing the politically correct masses
who were already seething that a pro
Trump actress was being given a platform
and accepting tens of millions in losses
ABC seems to have found the best of both
worlds by allowing the show to go on
just without Roseanne ABC's plan for a
Roseanne spin-off that focuses on the
family the Conners the plan is to create
a multi-camera comedy that will premiere
in the fall and focus on the Connors
family efforts to cope with daily
struggles of life in Lanford in a way
they never have before who knows exactly
what that means
maybe Roseanne dies maybe they kicked
her out of the family because they
finally got tired of her disgusting
racism or maybe she just awkwardly
disappears and is never mentioned on
screen the most sickening part of all
this though is the fact that ABC
explicitly sought a solution that would
not financially benefit bar in any way
not only did they want her off this
series they wanted to ensure that she
didn't make any money from the new show
The Hollywood Reporter explained a major
point of contention was to find a way to
reinvent Roseanne that would not
financially benefit bar which was said
to be a top demand from ABC
Entertainment president these sickening
and vindictive nature of this industry
has been shown not just with the attack
on Roseanne but with the
hypocrisy following the peter fonda case
I don't want to rehash old news we all
know what happened by now Peter Fonda
wrote sickening tweets about kidnapping
the son of the President and leaving him
in a cage with pedophiles it sparked
outrage and did far worse damage than
Rosie Ann's tweet the Secret Service
were involved and once again young
Barron Trump became the focus of
national media and a far left swarm
foaming at the mouth it was one of the
most despicable attacks against the
president's family so far and that is
saying something
but somehow Vonda managed to keep his
movie deal Sony Pictures classic
announced on Wednesday that they will be
moving forward with their plans to
release the new feature film boundaries
in which Fonda plays a supporting role
they condemned his remarks calling them
abhorrent reckless and dangerous but
obviously weren't quite as concerned as
ABC was for Rosen's tweet there's a
pattern here on one side lives are
ruined when minor offenses caused
conservatives are targeted and hounded
relentlessly by the press and anti feh
performers like me are forced out of our
industries for daring to break the mold
and on the other side of the aisle the
businesses controlling popular culture
give constant breaks to the most
venomous and wicked representatives of
the left at this point I am beginning to
wonder just how many actors comedians
and performers are disgusted by all this
but no they can't speak out or their
lives will be ruined
unfortunately though the only way this
industry is going to change is if big
names start speaking out against
affecting the livelihood of fellow
artists no matter what side of the
political spectrum they are on and
consumers begin responding to the
madness to see more from me and the rest
of the rebel team like and subscribe
you
