George Mason University Student Senate
passed a resolution on anti-semitism
after a local Jewish Community Center
got vandalized a second time with nearly
20 swastikas earlier in October but
anti-jewish anti-israel or plain old
left-wing bias on campus doesn't seem
just to be taking place in the shadows
let's check it out so George Mason
Student Senate said that it would not
tolerate hatred and acts of malice and
called its Jewish community a vital part
of the Mason community in a resolution
last week but what's really interesting
is what the GMU Student Senate speaker
pro tempore McKenna Bates said on the
subject apparently while she was holding
a kiosk on media bias McKenna was told
that Palestinian lives matter more than
Jewish lives and that the murder of Jews
is justified because Palestinians are at
the bottom of the oppression system and
thus any expressions of resistance are
ultimately justified and see this is the
really dangerous thing about oppression
Olympics perceived victimhood becomes a
kind of currency that justifies not just
bigger platforms for certain people on
critical issues not just affirmative
action that could make or break an
academic or professional career but yes
actual violence anyways McKenna was a
fan of the anti-semitism resolution as
was George Mason's Hillel group now GMU
doesn't often come on my radar for
anti-israel or left-wing bias but you
may remember professor Noura Erakat over
there who complained about a Washington
Post headline reading Israel's use of
fatal fire in Gaza excessive force or
justified mob control with the tweet
saying mob can we please try to
acknowledge Palestinians as human not
bugs to be exterminated this is a
freedom struggle while it might shock
you to learn that Nora is a little bit
of a hypocrite or maybe not she's a
professor after all the professor has
seemed to have no problem using the term
mob while referring to groups of
Israelis and Jewish people on Twitter
George Mason is also the same school
where hundreds of staff and faculty
freaked out when the school decided to
honor the late conservative Justice
Antonin Scalia by naming its law school
after him they didn't stop the renaming
with their petition and that renaming as
well as accepting millions of bucks from
Republican donor Charles Koch does seem
to point to GM use administration being
slightly more sane than that of other
universities for campus unmasked I'm
Robson funk
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
