oh here we go again the pay gap in
movies well here's a quick test I
invented to shed some light on this
charade of an issue um have you heard of
Chris Pratt oh really almost a hundred
percent of everybody around the world
next have you heard of Bryce Dallas
Howard oh really almost none of you and
there ladies and gentlemen is the pay
gap explained I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood all right and to begin
Bryce Dallas Howard is a fantastic
actress I love her love Chris Pratt and
I love the Jurassic world movie but I'm
using them as an example because
everyone on the Left is using this
movies pay gap as proof that this is
discrimination but a few things right
off the bat first for each budget movie
there is a minimum sag wage that you
must pay every single person you're not
allowed to pay them less and everyone is
compensated very well but that's never
talked about but what is talked about
our Hollywood superstars some being paid
more when they negotiate giant contracts
- if you know any producers involved in
making movies you'll know the hardest
thing to get is money for your budget to
make the movie so if the pay gap was
strictly discrimination against women as
it's constantly shown to be then
theoretically you could just cast all
women in the roles for three-quarters of
the price and save millions likewise all
these men and women who are in one of
the most risky business endeavors in the
world movie making are just handing out
free extra money to dudes just because
they're dudes
that's insane that's not how movies work
and really if you think about it for
five seconds this is clearly insane but
this is the narrative that continues
case in point
Chris Pratt was drugged back into the
wage gap political football controversy
for being paid more than his co-star
Bryce Dallas Howard in the Jurassic
world sequel also to perpetuate this
narrative Amy Adams was drugged back in
the spotlight for the salary paid
differentials in the cast for American
hustle in a recent interview amy adams
was asked point blank about the project
and the salaries and said quote the
truth is we hire people to negotiate on
behalf of men and women you just have to
decide if it's worth it for you it
doesn't mean I like it unquote in the
same movie with Amy Jennifer Lawrence
was paid less and had a much more direct
approach and sit on an open letter
condemning the pay disparities and this
is all ridiculous because what Amy said
is right
there isn't a
set salary four stars in film it's not
like okay you're a female star you get
this much and if your guys star you get
paid this much it's negotiated and
completely done by star power what is
their draw to the movie how many people
can they get in the seats for hiring
this person and the star is who gets
everyone paid it's not just on talent
sorry it's not and that box-office draw
from audiences into the theater is what
gives these agents negotiating power yes
Jennifer Lawrence is the highest-paid
actress in Hollywood and has been for
years and deservingly so cuz a lot of
people go see movies just because she's
in it and yes when she is the lead the
central character in the movie she is
paid more than the men on screen and
this is true for any a-list actress on
screen when she's the lead character not
just a co-star or the girlfriend and an
American hustle the movie that Jennifer
Lawrence was complaining about she was
in way less scenes than her male
counterparts who happened to be
Christian Bale and Bradley Cooper and
that gives us or agent less leverage to
negotiate a bigger salary again if
you're just a regular girl of God and
said you all get paid the same Forbes
puts out a list of the top grossing
actors in the world every year but
rarely puts the men and women
side-by-side for example other than
Robert Downey jr. in 2014 Jennifer
Lawrence was the second highest paid
person in the world to act in movies
tied with Dwayne the rock Johnson and
Robert only took the top spot because
all the crazy Iron Man money that he was
making oh and remember the passengers
movie that following year Jennifer
Lawrence was paid 20% of the total
production budget to get her in that
movie which happens to be double what
her co-star who was actually on screen
more with more lines and and more scenes
of the movie Chris Pratt who that year
was the most bankable actor in the world
all of his movies made more money than
anyone else how is that possible because
her agent negotiated and drew a line in
the sand and this is the same guy Chris
Pratt who is currently being drug
through the mud for being in the fifth
highest grossing movie of all time
Jurassic world and because of him in the
movies massive success more people have
jobs and Hina's co-stars will all be
paid more but we're supposed to be
outraged because Bryce Dallas Harper is
being paid two million dollars less than
Chris Pratt's ridiculous salary which he
earned look all these actors and
actresses are super talented and they're
being compensated for their work but
these mega salaries are not negotiated
on competence or ability it's all
box-office draw which is why at the time
Jennifer
could rake the studios for double what
chris pratt was making in the movie
passengers if i had the privilege of
being in a movie with amy adams Chris
Pratt or Jennifer Lawrence
I would never expect to be paid more
than them because they are the draw
they're the reasons the movie is going
to get funded and I get to be paid along
with thousands of other people their
presence or notoriety give me or other
actors this spotlight to help make our
careers just because Jennifer Lawrence's
or Chris Pratt's character in the script
needs a love interest or best friend
doesn't mean that me as their co-star
deserves whether they make or bring to
the film this selective outrage and lack
of understanding how wages work in the
entertainment world is divisive and
villainize --is the success of actors
and performers that we all love to watch
plus it's just a lie I've been tabes
this is pure Olli and another fantastic
news you can now download the rebel up
and take me with you wherever you go to
get exclusive content and the entire
rebel lineup
you
