in Warsaw I met Christoph Bozak who was
formerly the youngest elected member of
the Polish Parliament before we sat down
for a full interview Christophe took me
across the street to show me some
history a hundred year old beautiful
university building inside we saw
plaques and memorials dedicated to young
people who fought and died for Poland I
asked Chris tough to tell me more we are
in the main building of Warsaw Technical
University it's more than 100 years old
and it was built before a First World
War when we were a part of Russian
Empire and I think it's one of the most
beautiful buildings in Warsaw it is used
every month for big conferences and some
events this place where we are
commercial events also but it's a still
academic building we have students
around and what is interesting that this
building is also deeply connected with
our history for example we have around
many many inscriptions on the walls
about how it is it is connected with
history there were patriotic gatherings
here before the First World War after
for example here was commander in chief
of the army when we defended our country
in to 1920 against Soviet Army and also
there were there were many patriotic
gatherings and also during Second World
War as well it was destroyed like also
after the Second World War when we had
Warsaw Uprising but it was rebuilt in a
very beautiful way as we can see and it
was also inspired by architecture of
polish palaces you can definitely see
that because what I like about this is
the ceiling it almost makes you feel
that you're outside it's like a giant
courtyard but because you tell me a
little more about the the architecture
generally across the rest of Warsaw
these days because this
really beautiful places but there's also
some not so beautiful places right
our architecture of Warsaw is very mixed
in styles for example this building is a
typical eclectic building from this time
of late 19th century early 20th century
when Poland was not independent
after second after first world war
Poland became independent and this
historical architecture of the center of
Warsaw was a part of our heritage but we
also started to develop fast and we
built in a modern way more modern way
but it was still quite classical and
Warsaw were completely destroyed
especially in the center by Germans
during the Warsaw Uprising they
intentionally destroyed all historical
buildings so a part of them were rebuilt
after the after the war and part of them
were destroyed and communists built a
new one in a modern way from 40s and 50s
and it looks like modern socialism
socialist building so we have big big
suburbs in Warsaw with blocks of flats
and it's not nice it's not classical but
now we built a new new new flat so if we
which are much better but still not
classical so so maybe we will have some
neoclassical buildings but it's not it's
not the case now you said something
quite funny earlier about obviously it
was terrible under Russian rule but
actually the buildings under Russian
rule were better than under the EU rule
right yes unfortunately we got some
money from the EU especially Polish
universities and they built in
this stupid way that everything should
be modern and they think it's modern
when it is very similar to industrial
buildings or even industrial
technological stuff so we do not have
new buildings which could look like this
unfortunately and when we were this part
of Russian Empire this this part of
Poland with Warsaw Russian Russians were
supporting the classical architecture so
for example not only university
buildings but also churches were built
in this manner that we still think that
they are very beautiful and if you are
not well-educated in history of
architecture you could even don't
recognize that from 19th century or
maybe is it from 17th century you should
be a fan of architecture to recognize
what is what well you know as you know
as part of this film that I'm doing I'm
talking about the the young people of
Poland I'm talking about the cultural
patriotism political patriotism both of
the historic patriotism of young people
in Poland and there's a there's a plaque
here that I was wondering if you might
translate for me which i think is really
interesting if we go and take a look so
I believe this is about the young Boy
Scouts right who fought during the
uprising yes we had a very developed
conspiration against German occupation
during Second World War and before
Warsaw Uprising and this is the placard
that commemorates one of the heroes of
this Boy Scouts movement he was a
student of Warsaw Technical University
and one of the leaders of this youth
conspiration against German Nazi
occupation he was the devil's a vodka
sauce guy it was his name and his
pseudonym sashka and he was let's say
both both Boy Scout Master Boy Scouts
leader this is the rank in the Boy
Scouts movement and we have also here
the symbol of Polish underground state
it was
post cabochon that means fighting Poland
Poland fights yes and he died in 1943 so
before we were surprising in one action
against Germans there were thousands of
actions for example they attacked trains
with transports with equipment with they
made they organized explosives and
attacked trains attacked railways
attacked some transports to destroy the
logistics of our enemies and it was
organized not by only Home Army he was
also a soldier of Home Army but you've
helped in this actions for example
getting the information observing some
objects and so on so it was a kind of
let's say intelligence he of
intelligence movement and and sabotage
movement very well developed and it was
after the war it was described in many
books and now also in movies and it
inspires young people still before these
guys were very brave
they were the actions were quite
spectacular because Germans were very
strong so if you were not smart you can
you did nothing but if you were smart if
you were observing Germans in a very
prudent way you can succeed with some
actions which made Germans very angry
very angry and of course it was very sad
because they destroyed all all the city
and killed so many people that it is
hard to count it was hundreds of
thousand people that they killed not
only Jews but many Poles and people of
different origins who lived here in
Warsaw because we believe in Poland that
that's in other countries and people are
focused especially on
this Holocaust and it was of course very
very sad but people don't know that
Germans took Polish people from the
streets also to Auschwitz and killed
them so one thing I find quite amazing
is that this shows that even back then
the young people were quite savvy they
fought in different ways they were
underground and they were stopping the
logistics of these things rather than
just normal flat-out war right and today
whether it's the young footballers or
even the rappers who are doing it
through culture or even through politics
young people are doing things in
different ways that are really pushing
this patriotism in Poland not through
conventional methods yes that's true and
what is important to understand that the
situation in Poland is to see that for
example this symbol now it is on many
t-shirts and it is in the video clips of
rappers of his people who football fans
on the flags so it is still living
history among us and also we do not see
this chapter of our history as closed
because for example now we as a country
demand reparations from Germany because
Germany never paid for what they did to
Poland there were a communist government
after Second World War and this
communist government of Poland said to
communist government of Germany that we
don't want any reparation but we do not
agree with these communists puppets
so now Polish government is putting this
into the international debate that maybe
Germany should pay something for what
they did to Polish people and to polish
cities because it was not only war so
that it was it was destroyed it was
hundreds of Polish cities that were
destroyed were German Germans well thank
you so much for showing me this I want
to discover the real story in Poland not
the faint news from the mainstream press
that just says Poland is racist I want
to find out why the young people in
Poland of voting conservatively and
standing up in the face of EU and far
left here
will you help me do that will you help
me cover our modest expenses for this
trip please go to rebel Poland com help
us raise a thousand pounds for modest
airfare cabs and of course hotel thank
you so much for your support without you
our media organization simply wouldn't
exist I wouldn't be here in Poland
bringing you the story about the
patriotic Polish youth the story the
media simply doesn't want you to know
about thank you for your support and if
you'd like to support us in this trip to
Poland please go to rebel Poland calm
you
