Prime Minister Teresa May is buying into
the fake outrage and hysteria over the
kids being kept in camps story
people all over the world are being
fooled by this blatant lie about
children being kept in concentration
camps and separated unjustly from their
family I mean there's multiple lies to
this story which we'll talk about in a
little while but the fact that Theresa
Mays book you know got in on the
hysteria
says a lot Sky News reports Theresa May
has criticized Donald Trump's
immigration policy saying she finds
pictures of child migrants being kept in
cages in the u.s. quote deeply
disturbing she called the detention
policy wrong and not something we agree
with challenged by the SMPS Ian
Blackford to condemn the move mrs. May
told the House of Commons on Wednesday
the pictures of children being held in
what appeared to be cages are deeply
disturbing this is wrong this is not
something we agree with and this is not
the UK's approach when I was Home
Secretary I ended the routine detention
of families with children but then she
went on to talk about the Trump visit
next month and she said it's important
that when we see the President of the US
here in the UK were able to have those
discussions that means when we disagree
with what they're doing we say so but
before I go on about all this let's talk
about the facts here first off these
photographs of kids in cages are either
fake or they're from the Obama era and
even the very fake News CNN had to admit
that the first photo used was faked
remember the kid in in the in the cage
holding the bars and he looked like he
was crying well no actually it was taken
during a June 10th
protest against the White House
immigration policies and there's other
pictures of this little kitty rink
running around in and outside the cage
blatant propaganda blatant lie and
something that people just lap up and
just accept as true as noticed that
Gavin McInnes actually shared a tweet
with those pictures and Twitter made it
sensitive so you had to click a button
to actually see it so you know the the
whole social media industries in on this
as well they don't really care about
fake news and propaganda as long as it's
coming from the left I mean I'm not in
favor of fake news and propaganda from
the right either but you know you see a
clear bias here but secondly the other
photos that are doing the rounds
actually show kids in cages
they're from 2014 and these photographs
show kids in cages we're not talking
little cages here that you might keep a
dog in or something we're talking about
large areas of space that are basically
large prison cells because of the people
that came from Mexico to the US
illegally are you guessed it criminals
they're being kept in these large spaces
there's beds on the floor they've got
blankets and I seemed fine to me but
actually that was 2014 and in recent
times if you look at these photographs
actually the camps these days are even
better and when Laura Ingraham called
them summer camps she wasn't far wrong
these are not concentration camps these
are not camps where kids are going to
get killed these are not camps where
kids are going to get punished these are
camps were kids are separated because
their parents broke the law and the
system has to figure out what to do with
them and then what to do with the
children this is actually about
protecting kids because don't forget
many of the kids that come across the
border end up being sex trafficked and
that's I mean it's incredible that we
even have to talk about this do we even
have to defend the fact that these kids
have been separated for their own good
and by the way Trump not only under
Trump's administration do these camps
actually look a million times better
than they did in 2014 but Trump has now
also signed a new executive order to
keep these families together so I mean
Trump's got a heart over this stuff
Trump's not as mean as people say is and
Trump's more of a Democrat than people
think he is
Trump's just signed this executive order
to keep these families together again
it's more than what I would do but we
know that this appeasement won't work
but logic reason facts none of this
means anything to the far left and
evidently it doesn't mean much to the
Prime Minister either
if Prime Minister Teresa Mae wants to
push a false narrative about children
being kept in camps in America she can
but her public attacks against Trump for
his pro America policies are already
damaging our special relationship and I
think everybody would agree that in a
post brexit Britain we rely on these
relationships more than ever if our
Prime Minister goes down a route of
calling out the President of the United
States saying he's running child
concentration camps then to be honest I
wouldn't blame Trump for just cancelling
his visit to the UK all together but
perhaps that's Teresa Mays goal we know
Teresa may doesn't like Donald Trump as
much as actually Sadiq Khan doesn't like
Donald Trump so perhaps when Teresa may
engages in these attacks perhaps when
she pushes a false narrative about the
President of the United States in
turning illegally children and punishing
them which is all nonsense when she
pushes this false narrative perhaps she
is once again trying to delay the visit
to the United Kingdom by President Trump
and to be honest if the president
decides not to come I'm not going to
blame him if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
