once again Lord Sugar's in trouble for a
tweet he's made that some people have
called racists getting boring this isn't
it everything's racist now and I'm
getting sick of even reporting on it it
sounds so cliched to come on camera and
go look another thing being called
racist but it's what all you ever see
I'm what I saw recently and probably you
saw it as well was the tweet by Lord
Sugar which I thought was pretty funny
so he got a picture of a football team I
not entirely sure which team I don't
like football but obviously probably not
European it's just black guys and he
photoshopped bags and sunglasses at the
bottom to make them look like the lucky
me lucky men you know the guys you see
on holiday that I've got watches up
their arms trying to fog things to you
and he says I recognize some of these
guys from the beach in Marbella
multitasking resourceful chaps I mean
not the height of comedy but not unfunny
either kind of funny and I very much
doubt any of those guys they are
offended Ivo much doubt any of them
would have even seen it and I doubt
actually that all the people that are
moaning about it and calling it racist
are really offended themselves they
probably looked a bit in thought huh
kind of true so I saw this article about
it by someone called dawn Butler on the
Guardian if Alan sugar can't see why is
snaggle joke is racist then sack him
there's no question that Alan Sugar's
tweet comparing the plays in the Senegal
Senegal hang on
Senegal Senegal Senegal say I was almost
that but it says Alan Sugar's tweet
comparing the plays in the Senegal
national football team to people selling
sunglasses and handbags on beaches is
racist and deeply offensive he tweeted a
photo of them saying I recognize some of
these chaps blah blah blah whether it's
intended to be a joke or not is
irrelevant she says it's an unacceptable
thing for anyone to say but it's
particularly distressing to see from a
member of the House of Lords and someone
with their own program on the BBC of
course of course of course if you're in
the BBC you're not allowed an opinion
in the House of Lords you're not allowed
an opinion unless it's strictly
left-wing let's not forget by the way
that Lord Sugar's not exactly on our
side he's not the kind of person that
would watch my videos Lord Sugar became
a peer for the Labour Party but that
doesn't stop the far-left from accusing
him of being racist in fact you've got a
long history of being accused of being
racist as an article here from December
18 to 2016 Lord Sugar hits back at
racist backlash in Twitter rant ahead of
The Apprentice final it says here
posting to his five point two seven
million followers the 69 year old said
Danny Rose looks a bit like the guy who
once strictly last night watching the
football match between Tottenham Hotspur
and Burnley FC sugar decided to share
his thoughts publicly sparking shocked
replies quotes just because he's black
asked one before another declared racist
quickly hitting back the TV businessman
replied shut up you idiot I look like
Sid James because I am white what is the
matter with you people
fair point another one here back in 2013
police probe racist Lord Sugar tweets
Lord Sugar's been investigated by police
after he's accused of posting a racist
message on Twitter the businessman and
star of The Apprentice posted the Pitts
photo of a child apparently of Chinese
origin crying and he wrote the kid in
the middle is upset because he was told
off the leaving the production line of
the iPhone 5 I mean it's you know comedy
is usually based on some kind of fact
some kind of truth and is it not true
that Apple has long used these factories
that have been accused of abusing
certain rights it's that not true in
which case it's funny and accurate
boring my god and then there's another
one here during the EU referendum Lord
Sugar accused of racism over blasting
immigrant kids of a Stewart brags it
Cole and he said I find it strange that
Gizella shader a 1974 immigrant from
Germany is on the brexit panel telling
does British what we should do I mean
obviously given that geezer Stewart was
actually Pro brexit and sugar I don't
think is he was kind of playing on the
idea that levers think you know Britain
should be British again not the height
of comedy but racist no I'm getting sick
of this you know
you racist is Ray
is racist it doesn't matter whether
you're left-wing or right-wing these
hard left cereal complaining nagging
morons will accuse anybody even people
on their own side of being sexist racist
Islamophobic the lot and I find it
amazing that we live in a world now
where people like me agree with people
like Germaine Greer old-school feminists
who say no women are women
it's amazing we're living in a world
where left-wing peers in the House of
Lords are being accused of being racist
we're all we can do at this point is
laugh and watch these people eat their
own because ultimately the left is going
to destroy themselves and we don't
really have to do much to help them do
it
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team be sure to
download the brand new app from the
Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
