during the nine-day stay last February
the government paid hundreds of
thousands of dollars for the rental of
rooms and meeting rooms in hotels nearly
$60,000 for chauffeur driven car rentals
and even $17,000 for a Canadian chef's
trip to India to prepare a meal at a
party so they're crazy
he literally spent seventeen thousand
dollars to bring an Indian chef with him
to India from Canada because I I guess
Indians don't know how to make Indian
food as well as Trudeau's Liberal Party
chef friend so drop 60 grand on him for
that I've got an idea for Canada's
wounded military vets they should
retrain his Indian chefs
maybe Trudeau would have a few more
bucks for them then first of all why are
we still fighting against certain
veterans groups in court because they
are asking for more than we are able to
give right now
but nothing is too luxurious for Prince
Justin let me read some of the facts of
how we spent your money reading from
Journal of the memory all the most
expensive bill excluding the price of
the plane of the prime minister is
definitely that of eighty nine thousand
one hundred and forty seven dollars paid
to the Taj Palace Hotel for the
accommodation rental Canadian wines
Ottawa spent five thousand one hundred
dollars for the purchase of Canadian
wines for official use fruits and
vegetables six thousand seven hundred
fifty four dollars for the reception at
the official residence meat chicken and
fish five thousand six hundred thirty
five dollars for the reception at the
official residence Mumbai 38 thousand
seven hundred and thirteen dollars for
the business networking reception gifts
3581 dollars in official presence
impression four thousand two hundred and
seventy three dollars for the printing
costs of the official program that saps
fancy invitation that the terrorists got
chef the government has invited all
expenses paid at a cost of seventeen
thousand and forty four dollars Indian
Canadian chef Vikram veg to come and
cook a meal at the Canadian High
Commission in
that's a hell of a pricey meal dis
Ramallah this was an eight-day trip but
seven days of it were a family vacation
for him one day of which was work so 1.5
million dollars for one day of work and
a lot of selfies and a lot of footage of
the Liberals can use for ethnic
advertising in the next election you
paid for that and if we happen to nuke
our diplomatic relations with India the
world's largest democracy in the process
by inviting it Terrace well do you think
she don't even knows or cares about that
but here's the thing like I say this is
a public documents not actually azure
now the moral scoop it's a public
document released to the world by
Parliament it was just ignored by
everyone else in the media party so take
a look on page 25 alright
it's the item-by-item breakdown of the
1.5 million now you can see the chef in
there you can see the printing in there
the wines in there but look what's this
what's this what's this eric Massenet
fourteen thousand eight hundred and
ninety eight dollars to fly from Los
Angeles to India and look at this nine
thousand six hundred and forty nine
dollars to fly Benoit Cloutier to India
Mario Lemire twelve thousand eight
hundred and thirteen dollars for a
flight from LA Erik Tremblay ten
thousand five hundred and forty seven
dollars for a flight who are these guys
now that's first-class luxury travel ten
grand 12 grand for one flight I don't
know if you remember a few years ago we
sent for rebel staff to India in 2016 to
cover a UN conference in New Delhi
we spent $1,200 each on the flights and
they were fine I mean our staff got up
and stretched a little bit $1,200 to fly
from Toronto to New Delhi who are these
people spending ten times that on a
luxury suite
they are junior staff their tour staff
of the prison cancel look at at the
bottom you see that preview cancel
office tour at the bottom there with the
tour group there their assistants this
is a government's phone drag their
assistants
since when do junior assistants fly
first-class to India for 12
thousand dollars for a plane ticket who
on earth approved that is there any
private sector company in the world that
would send a junior assistant
first-class the India they're asking for
more than we are able to give right now
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the yeas relevant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
