gimme which is it is justin trudeau
right we simply don't do that in Canada
or it's the state broadcaster right we
do that more than a hundred times well
we do that quite often and we've been
doing it for as long as I've been
practicing which is over 30 years
in fact my particular area of specialty
is detention work so I spend a lot of
time at the immigration detention
centers and the provincial holding
facilities the truth is that not only do
we detain migrant children that is
children who are not a Canadian citizens
or permanent residents but we actually
do house Canadian children and you say
how can that be the immigration
authorities have no jurisdiction over
Canadian citizens that's true but the
practical reality is that when you
arrest a couple that are here without
its status there's no one quite often
there's no one to look after the kids
and so the kids are in health in the
detention center just like their parents
and of course children without status
are held in our immigration in our
holding centres with their parents all
the time now about a year ago or so
there was some litigation that led to
the court ruling that the IRB the
immigration refugee board has to be more
sensitive to the best interests of the
children in the context of detention
heroes they can't just simply decide
that the family or the child or whatever
is a flight risk for a danger to the
public they also have to give attention
to whether or not this is going to
somehow impact on the best interests of
the children the other thing is that
again in another context we we separate
children from their parents all the time
how many stories have you read in the
Canadian media media where we deport
parents and their Canadian children are
here and we say to them well we don't
care
you know your spouse can file a
sponsorship or something and bring it
back but you're gonna have to go
nonetheless and those sponsorships can
take a year or two years and we separate
children from their parents all of the
time let alone in the criminal context
where you know somebody commits a crime
and they're put in jail and they're
separated from their children as well so
I'm not so sure that Justin Trudeau is
speaking factually in this context
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
