there's supposed to be a separation
between government and religion the
Supreme Court of Canada says so but
judging by activities taking place at
Toronto City Hall it appears one
particular religion has been given an
exemption to the Zedek and can you
possibly guess which faith that would be
in 2015 the Supreme Court of Canada
ruled that the City Council in saguenay
Quebec could no longer open its meetings
with a prayer in a unanimous decision
the court said reciting a Catholic
prayer at council meetings actually
infringes on freedom of conscience and
religion the ruling was in response to
an eight-year long legal battle it began
with a complaint against the town filed
by Allan Simoneau who is an atheist
along with a secular rights organization
the Supreme Court eventually ordered the
city of saguenay to end the prayers and
it also ordered the city and the mayor
to pay Semih no more than thirty
thousand dollars in damages and costs at
the end of the day the court stated that
religious neutrality quote requires at
the state neither favor nor hinder any
particular belief end quote
but apparently what's good for the
Catholic duce doesn't apply to the
Islamic gander that's because recently
in Toronto according to a fascinating
story in the quicken report Toronto City
Hall recently hosted a religious
ceremony celebrating the breaking of the
Ramadan fast here check it out
Oh
Oh
Oh dig that groovy beat but by allowing
this ceremony to take place Toronto City
Hall appears to be violating the Supreme
Court ruling in terms of merging church
and state or Moscone state as the case
may be the holding of these prayers was
the brainchild of Nathan Shan the
councillor for Ward 42 and former
Ontario NDP candidate and it was done in
conjunction with Toronto Mayor John Tory
but this story gets even more intriguing
you may recall in 2015 the voices of the
nation's Christian gospel choir was
refused to permit to sing their hymns at
Toronto's Yonge Dundas Square something
they had been doing for a decade
why were they refused well they were
told by the events manager Natalie
bellman that singing Christian hymns
amounted to proselytize ation here's
what she said quote it doesn't matter if
it's speaking or singing either way if
you're praising Jesus or praise the Lord
that's proselytizing end quote and keep
in mind this choir wasn't performing at
City Hall but at a public square but
that was then and this is now for on May
29th an imam was invited into toronto
city hall chambers and issued a call to
prayer and for those who don't speak
arabic they might be surprised by the
english translation of that Islamic call
to prayer quote Allah is greatest I bear
witness that there is no god but Allah I
bear witness that Muhammad is the
Messenger of Allah hurry to the prayer
hurry to success hurry to salvation
Allah is the greatest there is no god
but Allah end quote
no proselytization there a indeed a
Christian group singing gospel music in
a town square is verboten but an imam
making an Islamic call to prayer right
in the chambers of Toronto City Hall and
apparently in direct violation of a
Supreme Court edik that's somehow okay
what the hell but wait there's more what
was also brought into City Hall chambers
that day was a poster displaying the
logo of his Lamech relief kin
whose parent organization Islamic Relief
International was outed as being a front
for Islamic terrorist groups in 2014
lovely then again champion Islam appears
to be job one at Toronto City Hall these
days in fact if the name Nathan Shan
rings a bell that might be because Ezra
Levent
exposed this counselor last November for
proposing a motion that supported a
Muslim only youth fellowship program in
counselors offices and the motion passed
of course meaning that this politically
correct version of apartheid ie the idea
that only Muslims are being hired to
support city staff there's okay
and get this they're not even chosen by
the city but rather are being selected
by Muslim Imams who are committed to
getting infidels to convert to Islam
yeah folks your taxpayer dollars hard at
work yet again and where are the
internship programs for Christians Jews
Hindus Sikhs Buddhists and anyone else
oh well those programs don't exist oh
well so much for that diversity thing as
well you may recall how last November
City Hall was also the venue for a
Muslim propaganda oh sorry I mean a
Muslim information session to drum up
sympathy for the RO hanga refugees in
Myanmar but just look what happened to
Rick Heinzmann from San Francisco
someone who supports the Buddhist of
Myanmar who continued to deal with
Islamic terrorism watch the video Rob
the Holocaust and I are awesome yeah
you're denying this genocide because
you're also a Holocaust denier then you
have to leave oh you should get out
yeah he was frog-marched right out of
the chamber and if you have an opinion
that goes against the narrative of the
religion of peace well you are obviously
in islamaphobe so what is the city's
response to what appears to be a glaring
double standard councilor Shan did not
respond to interview requests meanwhile
Don peat the spokesman for meritorious
ed that quote not for profit slash
charitable faith-based groups are
entitled to permit facilities for use at
City Hall provided the use is inclusive
of all ending compliance with anti
harassment / discrimination legislation
and city policy end quote
maybe that complies with City of Toronto
policy but it sure doesn't seem to
comply with the Supreme Court edict at
least not to me and really what is
inclusive about policies and sermons
that are all about promoting Islamic
exceptionalism assuming that's not an
oxymoron of course and finally why won't
anyone at City Hall answer the question
as to why the logo of an organization
that's being linked to terrorism was
displayed in the chamber in summary the
ongoing capitulation to Islam in Toronto
is both disturbing and shameful
something that seems aided and abetted
and accelerated by Islamic fifth
columnists and their liberal allies who
are presumably consumed with white guilt
Toronto City Hall seems to be dismissive
of Canadian law yet increasingly
beholden to Sharia law gee what next
perhaps a motion to change Toronto's
unofficial nickname of hog town after
all that Monica
doesn't sound very halal and in Mayor
Tori's Toronto the ongoing mantra' these
days seems to be if it's good its
Islamic and if it's Islamic it's good
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a brand new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
