hilariously named organization Canadian
journalists for free expression are
wondering if maybe the government should
be in charge of deciding what's real
news and what's fake
what could possibly go wrong now we've
talked about the Canadian journalists
for free expression oh I don't know at
least a dozen or so times here on the
rebel they have an Orwellian name
because they so often advocate for
anything but free expression and free
speech and they rarely run a campaign
these days that doesn't end in shame
derision or deletion for that matter but
I'll get to that in a minute let's talk
about what they're doing right now
Canadian journalists for free expression
in conjunction with pollster Nick nanos
conducted a survey asking Canadians
their opinions on fake news they found
that a strong majority of Canadians are
concerned that fake news is making it
more difficult to find accurate sources
of information and Canadians want the
government to do something about it this
statement from Tom hen heifer the CJ Fe
vice-president is well it's unreal he
says this is a clear message to
governments that Canadians are concerned
about the effect of fake news on our
democracy hen heifer then goes on to say
that the survey also found that citizens
believe the government could do a better
job of informing Canadians about its
operations no expression of concern
about those supposed findings nothing at
all seems like the CJ Fe is okay with
the federal government censoring what
Justin Trudeau decides to be fake news
but they just want to make sure you know
exactly how Justin Trudeau is doing it
to you okay and this is laughable from
the same press release cjf he boldly
champions the free expression rights of
all people
and encourages and supports individuals
and groups in the protection of their
own and others free expression rights
sure sure you do accept when of course
the CJ Fe is calling on the federal
government to censor what the federal
government determines to be fake news
seems totally legit how about the CJ if
you just stay in their own damn lane for
once on the heels of Justin Trudeau
calling on Facebook to censor what
Justin Trudeau thinks as mean old fake
news which probably includes me and the
rebel instead of issuing a statement
decrying any form of government
censorship against anyone for any reason
CJ Fe goes looking for evidence and
reasoning and public sentiment to make
it easier for Justin Trudeau to censor
his political enemies like me but this
isn't the first time that CJ Fe has
completely overstepped their mandate and
became a political tool for the left the
CJ Fe actually has a long and storied
history of censorship
who could forget their ill-fated call to
censor and ban President Trump from
attending the g7 meetings earlier this
month CJ Fe called on the government to
censor Canada's greatest ally and
largest trading partner you know in the
middle of contentious trade negotiations
eventually the CJ Fe used their own
proclivities for censorship and censored
their own stupidity and deleted the
campaign so at least they could use
their skills I don't know for good for
once I guess and then there was that
time that the CJ Fe condemned the
interruptions of Vice Quebec's offices
by an anti-immigration group again the
statement from CJ Fe lacks any
self-awareness at all
CJ Fe stands by journalist Simon Koo -
and vice Quebec and will vehemently
denounced anyone who tries to silence
journalists and thus attack the public's
right to be informed so they're against
attacks on the public's right to be
informed but they also want the
government to censor fake news like what
there's one more
CJ Fe greatest hit
from earlier this year it's another
campaign that they had to end and delete
in shame they sent a letter to the
Government of Canada asking Canada to
condemn Israel for defending itself
against an armed incursion at the Gaza
border because apparently Israel is like
really good at war and the Gazans aren't
but that's not exactly within the sea
jfe mandate is at solving Middle East
tensions but then there are things that
do fall within their mandate of
defending journalists from censorship
and attack that the siege AFE doesn't
really seem to notice or care about
because the victims of these attacks
aren't left wingers for example CJ Fe
has a specific fund called the Women's
Fund designed to protect women
journalists from violence and abuse fine
good enough cause I guess almost
chivalrous even but if you go to the CJ
Fe website and search there are no
denouncements of the violence that has
happened against female journalists in
Canada like they had for that brief
inconvenience at the vice Quebec office
that's because that very real violence
is happening against right-wing female
journalists there is no denouncement of
the violent assault that happened
against independent journalist faith
Goldie and Rock some Road a few weeks
ago by an Tifa there was no denouncement
of the violence that happened against me
at the Women's March in Edmonton despite
a criminal conviction and a civil court
award levied against my attacker
there's no denouncement of violence that
happened against Lawrence southern or
one of our camera women no denouncement
no mention of it at all because we're
the wrong kind of lady journalist for
the folks at CJ Fe they won't vehemently
denounced anyone who tries to silence
journalists if they're conservative
especially if they're female
conservatives and that's because the CJ
Fe has been colonized by left-wing nuts
using the organization to further their
left-wing agendas and it has been that
way for a very long time
which is fine I don't really care
unlike the CJ Effie I don't want to
censor people but let's be honest with
the public about who they are when they
go around jangling for handouts and
donations from you they aren't really
journalists for free expression that
name is just way too broad for this
organization now Canadian journalists
for free expression are really just left
wingers for left-wing speech and even
their name is fake news for the rebel
media
I'm Sheila gun Reid I have a new book
out it's called the case against David
Suzuki and unauthorized biography it
will be always available for free at
Suzuki book.com but if you want to help
me stay at the top of the Amazon charts
you can get my book there for two
dollars and 57 cents that's the case
against David Suzuki and unauthorized
biography
