bbc3 is pushing anti English propaganda
again last night I was scrolling through
my social media and BBC three popped up
somehow I'm not sure entirely why I
unfollowed BBC 3 a long time ago but
this came up and it's a video about the
English flag now the World Cup going on
I don't know much about the World Cup
I'm not interested in football at all
but I do know it's cool seeing the
English flag everywhere but there's a
video from the BBC 3 and that well he
argues or at least gives platform to a
person who argues that the English flag
is really terrible and I figured I'll
take a look at this on camera and see
what we think of it please stop flying
that terrible flag every week my name is
Colin I'm here to argue in favor of
things and flag
did you notice by the way that they had
to get a guy in the background with the
Skinit and try and you know try and
choose somebody he's the guy's actually
really well-spoken from immediately from
the length from the sounds of it but
they've they've got a guy that looks
like the real standard you know horrible
English Patriots skin that horrible
person I cannot for the life of me see
why our national flag should not be
flown by a great majority of good honest
and decent people of this country and I
feel some people have an agenda to stop
this you see the way the guy is giggling
he sat there giggling some people have
an agenda to stop this and he sat there
giggling well he's not he's not gonna
deny this because he's about to tell us
all the terrible things about the
English flag and he is one of the people
who is a part of the agenda to stop this
you know I hate that smug attitude of
these people on the left there's a lot
of people on the right that do as well
and especially the OLT right they're
very smug self-entitled giggling when
someone opposes something they say
rather than having a reasoned response
and I very much doubt we're gonna get
anything reasonable from this guy we
shouldn't really wish the Saint George's
Cross and be demonized in our patriotism
for doing so there's a kind of Paragons
that ignores that he's claiming he's
arrogant really what this flag has been
useful and the history of actually its
usage in this country we remember the
National Front flying the Saint George's
Cross oh I say so the National the
National Front flies the st. George's
Cross that makes it racist of course
well the National Front used to drink
him pubs as well crap I guess I've gotta
stop going there pretty sure the
National Front wore Doc Martens as well
that's another one off the list
I think they wore jeans that's another
one
skin editor and no know as well because
the National Front used those the
National Front also breathed air and
really this flag has come to represent
something like the Confederate flag in
America nothing to do with the
Confederate flag at all where it's a
very narrow very white and very English
nationalism well I'm very sorry that
them
Georgiy people of england are white but
every country's got a native people and
we happen to be white already and if I
see this flag on a pub they means to me
don't go in if you see the English flag
on a pub go in go in have a pint and I
bet you the people in that pub are a
million times nicer than the kind of
people that you'll meet in some central
London hipster bar trust me so we can't
just ignore the fact that this flag has
been adopted by the far-right and that
is why it is actually quite exclusive
but do you not think that by allowing
such a small minority of the country to
take this flag off a large proportion of
the country who feel very strongly that
is their flag I think it's very
oppressive does not compute does not
compute I thought the whole point of the
left was not judging people by a small
minority and then suddenly a small
minority used the English flag and
everyone who's using it is propagating
racism I mean this is the hypocrisy of
these people and he's got the cheek to
call this nice Pleasant young lad
arrogant when he sat sits there giggling
giggling as he says something entirely
reasonable a price quite insidious to
take the flag off so many people didn't
have any of those connotations
beforehand well I actually did it did
not have any other connotations when
they were flying this flag during the
Crusades and going around for the Muslim
country for instance right well it's
true actually the flag does come from
the Crusades I believe these and
Georgia's crosses the origins from the
12th century in the Middle Ages it
became connected to San Jorge and it's
connected to the well the Crusades it
was used in the Crusades but let's not
forget the Crusades were not some kind
of immoral just war that took place
because of oil or something light
happens these days the Crusades were a
moral war or a series of moral was
basically responding to Islamic
aggression these were Wars to protect
innocent Christians this wasn't a
crusade where people just went into
other countries and raped and pillaged
and destroyed these were a moral war but
of course history and facts mean nothing
to the left
tried to convert the English does not
have these things were flying it when I
was trying to enslave my ancestors they
did not have these connotations when he
was flown around the colony
there's a reason why the English flag
has been picked off by the far-right and
isn't just this tiny minority the
quote-unquote far-right used the English
flag because of their english in sweden
the quote-unquote far-right use the
swedish flag and guess what the
quote-unquote far-right use in America
you guessed it the American flag British
cultural identity is not based on the
Crusades it's in fact for so many
definitely actually I think this war
against Islam the war against it is that
still there it's still there because
that ideology is literally raping our
children transforming on legal structure
and changing society as we know it if
the real question is why do you feel so
connected to this flag I mean it's just
a it's a bits of flag if you understand
the history of this flag you understand
why is so offensive to millions of
people in this country just make a new
single oh thank you get in day we'll
just pick a new symbol thanks for
telling me and every other English
person out there that we shouldn't be
connected to our own flag Thank You K
Hindi for your your reason your
knowledge and your wisdom you know it's
not like this flag has been connected to
son George since I don't know the Middle
Ages it's not like this flag has been
connected to the English people for
generations you know this is something
we've feel strongly about and when you
just to pick a new single symbol pick a
new flag I think Hindi here knows
exactly what he's doing he knows he's
not just changing a national symbol he
knows he's not just changing something
that might appear on the odd pub he
knows that he's changing something that
is deep within the English psyche he's
changing a part of our own souls and
that's the goal of the far left why does
it have to be this particular place what
would be your proposition of a new
symbol then we ditched England flag well
I mean I'm probably the worst person to
ask what is Britain what is this this
idea of empire and Empire we've come a
long way since Empire I think this
country is built now on inclusivity
freedom of speech respect for the law I
am actually quite surprised I didn't
turn around I know quite a lot of
self-restraint
which is not usual for me your
accusations of Empire and the Crusades
took to normal people's sound frankly
ridiculous he looks like a skinhead but
he's nothing like what they probably
expected him to B's he's totally true
and the connotations of vampire Crusades
all these thing
whether you argue they're right or wrong
have got nothing to do with normal
people
today the English flag represents who we
are we're not going to be changing it
anytime soon
trust me put this to a national vote
people will not vote for it and if try
and do it stealthily try and do it
without a vote there will be uproar this
this kind of stuff is not nothing that
surprises me especially from BBC three I
did documentary with BBC three once
called is Britain racist they told me it
was a documentary about British culture
and suddenly they made it all about race
and at the end this Mona woman who's now
on the the comedy circuit which I just
find hilarious because she's not funny
if she's not a comedian
Mona Salah be salami something like that
she's now on the circuit and she just
ended the documentary by saying oh well
Jack refused to accept that I was
British which is watch the documentary
for yourself is not what I said
BBC 3 really needs burying at this point
it's really dreadful the only good thing
to come out at the BBC 3 is a really
good show called this country which is
about these teenagers in in Norwich but
just by the by watch it it's funny at
this point the BBC really shows what
kind of institution it is it's no longer
the Bibi you know anti beebe that we
used to know the BBC is a propaganda
machine and I would advise you to go
through the legal route of stopping
paying for it I don't pay for the BBC I
don't watch the BBC and neither should
you if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe or
download the rebel act from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
