United States has finally left the
United Nations Human Rights Council
President Trump said we have no doubt
there was once a noble vision for this
council but today we need to be honest
the Human Rights Council is a poor
defender of human rights the ambassador
to the UN nikki Haley went a step
further she said for too long the UN HRC
has been a protector of human rights
abusers and a cesspool of political bias
she's not wrong its membership includes
China Cuba and Venezuela who disappear
political protesters even faster than
Teresa may managed with the activist
Tommy Robinson in the UK he was got rid
of in just five hours
naturally the UK have a comfy seat on
the council too and Boris Johnson's not
planning to do anything about leaving
their bias against Israel is off the
charts
Israel is the only country in the world
whose rights records comes up for
discussion at every council session
under item 7 on the agenda like the
bully child in the room all the others
are prepared to kick to hide the fact
that they've got issues of their own 192
UN member states are considered together
under a separate item if they discussed
at all
bear in mind half those pointing the
finger at Israel have a human rights
record of which Goebbels would be proud
soundy sits there looking all pleased
with itself and a tea towel whilst
simultaneously executing people for
being gay banning protests and using
torture as punishment
sandy authorities have carried out
amputations including cross amputations
where the opposite hand and foot are
removed for people guilty of robbery
not to mention bombing the crap out of
Yemen and the Congo has a comfy seat
despite its atrocious record for doing
away with government opposition or
lawyers that don't do what they're told
in marked
17 the UN sent to investigators to see
if there was really a problem my core
and Zaida
a Swedish and Chilean citizen they were
summarily executed by a group of armed
men whilst investigating serious rights
abuses in the region which probably
tells you all you need to know about
just how safe it is
and a sign from all that the UN Human
Rights Council also had a go at little
old me of all the problems in this big
world of ours from torture to people
trafficking to the execution of gays and
the imprisonment of lawyer somehow I was
to blame for all the human rights issues
in the world today the human rights boss
at the time they'd has a hata accused me
of vilifying migrants with my hurty
words and I was interviewed and a
caution by the major crime and homicide
command of the Metropolitan Police and
referred to the Crown Prosecution
Service for words in a newspaper give me
strength
leaving the UN HRC is a strong move by
the USA and a step in the right
direction
the United Nations Human Rights Council
are the equivalent of kiddie care run by
pedophiles it's time for other decent
democratic countries to follow the lead
of the USA and step away from the serial
abusers right there at your side we are
a hundred percent viewer-supported if
you can help us cover and if the costs
of our travel or expenses please donate
at hopkins worldcom
you
