finally we've got some resolution in a
case that should have been resolved a
while back you remember this guy a West
Point graduate a guy named Spencer repo
and Commission is an officer in the
United States military who in a photo
had his cadet cap on his chest with the
inside turn to the camera and in that
was written communism will win communism
will win he was also wearing a Che
Guevara t-shirt underneath his military
uniform making a communism fist in that
photo with communism will win on the Hat
however he is now no longer part of the
US military after top brasses from fox
news at fort drums tenth Mountain
Division accepted his resignation on
Monday after an earlier warning for
conduct unbecoming an officer he's
leaving the military with an other than
honorable discharge
now last year an army statement West
Point statement Reds quote second
lieutenant Ramones actions in no way
reflect the values of the US Military
Academy or the US Army this guy was an
open advocate of communism there were
photos of him giving the finger as a
sign at Fort Drum in the US Army he was
advocating when the army investigated
him he was found to be advocating for
socialist revolution disparaging
high-level military officers and US
officials the army says it took
appropriate action but he remained
unabashed and like I said this past
Monday showed him giving a finger to the
sign at Fort Drum captioned one final
salute and then he asked for soldiers to
lay down their arms it was ridiculous
now Senator Marco Rubio Marco Rubio AG
I've been critical of was actually great
on this issue he said quote while in
uniform
Spencer apone advocated for communism
and political violence and expressed
support and sympathies for enemies of
the United States I'm glad to say that
they have given him an other than
honorable discharge
now military experts are saying
according to Fox that it's rare for an
officer out of West Point to be given
that other than honorable discharge
status that opens the opportunity for
the military to seek money back from him
for the education he was given at West
Point that's about a half a million
dollar education because he couldn't
then fulfill his subsequent military
commitment five years that was a service
obligation to repay the military and he
said I knew there could be repercussions
he's becoming a prominent far-left
advocate who will be speaking out of
socialism conference next month he said
quote of course my military career is
dead in the water on the other hand many
people reached out and showed me support
there are a lot of veterans both active
duty and not that feel like I do well
what needs to happen is a sweeping
investigation into those who are active
duty those who are reserve their severed
military retired military let them
believe what they want they want to be
socialist that's on them but if they're
in the United States Armed Forces there
needs to be a thorough investigation
these people need to be found and need
to be dishonorably discharged or other
than honorably discharged and kicked out
of the military there's really important
content I want to bring it to every day
so subscribe to our premium service WWWE
forward slash shows go to the App Store
download the rebel app as always thanks
so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
