our story of the hate preacher getting a
summer jobs grant from the federal
government has hit the House of Commons
now and you won't believe what Justin
Trudeau had to say when he was finally
questioned about it a day will come when
we will see justice throughout the world
the eradication of the unjust powers
such as the American Empire such as the
Israelis and scientists and same way
that we saw the British Empire wither
away the Sun never set on it the Sun
sets on it we will see a day coming in
sha Allah God willing in our lifetime
where this Empire the Zionist Empire the
American Empire will be down in the
dustbin of history insha'Allah God
willing what man they're calling for the
destruction of Israel and calling for
the destruction of Canada's closest
friend and Ally America is named Sheik
Shafiq Judah and he said those
disgusting hateful words at this month's
alkyds Day event in Toronto now for
those of you who don't know alkyds is a
worldwide day of protest that calls for
the destruction of the State of Israel
and the event was founded by the Iranian
regime in 1979 it is by any definition a
hate rally it's the promotion of
genocide and I'll say it again because I
always say it all the time of all the
out cuts Day celebrations across Canada
Toronto is consistently the most
horrible of them all this year was no
different as you can surmise from the
hateful language used by Hooda on the
streets of Toronto actually Hooda said
that right behind the Ontario
legislature to be a little more precise
and last week I told you that this
hateful guy Sheik Shafiq Hooda heads an
organization called the Islamic
humanitarian service of Kitchener
Ontario and that thing is a registered
Canadian charity but appallingly this
registered Canadian charity also
received a summer jobs grant this year
while the Trudeau Liberals were denying
Christian organizations from accessing
the summer jobs grant program because
though
organizations refused to sign an
attestation to the values of the Liberal
Party of Canada on issues like LGBTQ and
abortion rights chic Shafiq Hooda
received tax payer money from that
program for his Islamic ministry and now
the story has finally reached the House
of Commons I'm going to show you an
exchange between Conservative MP one of
my favorites Candice Bergen and the
Prime Minister of Canada on this issue
of who does or ghen ization getting a
summer jobs grant while Christian
organisations were left high and dry you
will not believe the Prime Minister's
bumbling and accusatory remarks directed
at Christians just see for yourself last
Saturday in downtown Toronto and what
can only be described as a rally
intended to entice hatred towards Jews
and others Sheik Shafiq OODA of the
Islamic humanitarian service called for
the eradication of Israelis and genocide
some of his anti-semitic hate speech
aimed at the Jewish community included
telling them you will leave in body bags
mr. speaker will the Prime Minister
condemned these hate-filled anti-semitic
comments anti-semitic or anti homophobic
or anti Islamophobe an anti hate filled
speech of all types across this country
Canada is a welcoming diverse country of
a broad range of views and perspectives
but we do not allow hate speech we do
not allow the incitement of hatred we
are a country that is built on mutual
respect on openness and compassion and
we reject the politics of division and
hate wherever they come from laughter
from hosting the Prime Minister's
actions speak otherwise and on one hand
he is giving these anti-semitic
religious extremists taxpayers dollars
to actively promote hatred using funds
from the Canada summer job program on
the other he's denying funding to faith
groups that want to help those in
why is the Prime Minister allowing
certain religious organizations to be
funded to promote hatred towards Jews
but say no to churches that want to help
the homeless we can tell they're still
Stephen Harper's Conservatives when they
advocate for organizations like the
Center for bioethical Reform to receive
public funds when they then used to
attack a woman's right to choose we
believe that public funds should never
be used to actively fight against the
rights of Canadians we will ensure that
no money from Canada summer jobs program
is refunded to organizations that
violate the Charter of Rights of freedom
besides how stupefyingly inarticulate he
is did you notice what happened there
the Prime Minister could not denounce
Sheik Shafiq Hooda as hateful by name
despite Bergen quoting Hooda directly to
the Prime Minister
instead the Prime Minister obfuscated
and deflected and proceeded to call
Christian and pro-life organizations
hateful and divisive somehow also
invoking Harper for some strange reason
Hooda is calling for genocide in a
public park right behind the Ontario
legislature and the Liberals have
absolutely nothing to say about it but
lots and lots of criticism for people
who just want to feed the hungry and
clothe the poor but who incidentally
believes that life begins at conception
in their private lives or in other parts
of their ministry or work these liberals
are the intolerant bigots
they are absolutely bigoted towards
Christians even redirecting a response
about calls for genocide by an Islamic
preacher against Jews and our friends
the Americans on the streets of Toronto
to sum something about how mean those
baby loving pro-lifers are for their
privately held religious views it is
unbelievable
do you think for a second the Prime
Minister would have a problem denouncing
those exact same words uttered by Hooda
if they were said by some alt-right
neo-nazi loser on the streets of Toronto
do you think the federal government
would
of a problem yanking the summer jobs
grant money from an all-right neo-nazi
organization had they uttered those
exact same words there's a double
standard here and the Liberals need to
explain it to us why can one man say
these hateful things about Jews and our
ally the Americans and still get paid by
the taxpayer while another man would be
investigated for a hate crime for saying
it and why does this government think
Christians Christians are worse than a
genocide on maniac like hooda for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid
what you just saw there is my daily
video that I do here at the rebel but I
also do a weekly full-length show it
airs on Wednesday it is aptly called the
gun show and we talk about issues just
like this issues facing Canadians like
the totalitarian censorship brought on
us by liberals to get access to my show
and the rest of our incredible premium
content treat yourself to a rebel
subscription today
