the Buckingham Palace samurai sword
attacker has told a court room that the
Queen is the enemy of Allah and Allah
tells him to fight
do you remember that guy who had a
samurai sword outside Buckingham Palace
and it turns out that he was an uber
driver and he slashed a police officer
and they wrestled him to the ground and
well it was all forgotten very quickly
as usual remember that well The Guardian
reported this at the time they said a
man arrested outside Buckingham Palace
armed with a four foot sword repeatedly
shouted Allahu Akbar or as the press
would tell you these days god is great
as police struggled to subdue him
Scotland Yard has said these unarmed
officers were injured to receiving cuts
to their hands while the detaining the
man just after 8:30 p.m. on Friday
police are treating the incident and
suspected terrorism
Scotland Yard said the man drove over a
police van just outside Buckingham
Palace in a blue Toyota Prius and
stopped in front of it officers subdued
the suspect - 26 year-old from Luton
Bedfordshire there's a surprise with CS
spray and now the man's going through
the court process I so he's 27 now he's
denied preparing acts of terrorism I
mean what is turning up outside
Buckingham Palace with a what a 4-foot
sword slashing people outside the head
of State's home obviously terrorism but
he claims that he only wanted to get
killed but jurors were told during the
court case that he changed his social
media profile pictures before he went
out and did it to a green bird which is
referencing himself becoming a martyr so
if he's referring to himself as a martyr
before he goes out and gets killed
obviously he's gonna do more than just
get killed obviously he wants to go out
and do something so denying preparing
acts of terrorism who knows might well
work we know what the justice system is
like these days people get off as it
reported yesterday you can rape kids
systematically for long periods of time
and hold people hostage and only get 12
years in prison meaning you'll probably
leave after six so I don't suspect
there's gonna be that much of a sentence
for this guy anyway but the BBC reports
on this story they say that he allegedly
wrote to his sister in a suicide note
that he left her before he went out and
did this he said the Queen and her
soldiers will all be in the Hellfire
they go to war with Muslims around the
world and kill them without any mercy a
child now
continues but I guess the Queen's former
chaplain remember this
when he quit over a passage of the Quran
being read in church was right I guess
he was right in 2017 the Queen's
chaplain resigned and the Express
reported on it at the time they said the
Reverend dr. Gavin Ashenden stepped down
from his role following after a section
from the Quran that teaches Jesus is not
the Son of God was read during a service
to mark Epiphany Reverend Ashenden said
the reading it's mary's episcopal
cathedral in glasgow could be viewed as
blasphemy and is indicative of the rise
of islam in britain good on him good on
him speaking to express doctor at UK
revered Ashenden said my first thoughts
were astonishment that any Christian
Church let alone a Cathedral would
consider introducing not only a reading
from the Quran instead of the Bible but
one which denied the Bible's record of
who Christ really was wouldn't you have
thought people have taken the warning
from from the the Queen's very own
chaplain when he talked about this stuff
but no of course he was laughed off by
the far left he was demonized by the
press
you know Islamophobe that's how it goes
these days recognise the real threat
against our own queen and you're just a
mental crazy Islamophobe
the Queen and the institution of
monarchy is one of the most recognizable
English institutions all over the world
the Queen is loved not just by Brits but
by her subjects from all over the world
from all over the Commonwealth and from
people who aren't even her subjects
people in America still adore and love
this institution and the Queen for being
such an amazing servant of the people
and jihad is committing terror in the
name of our haters they hate this they
hate our institutions they hate our
queen they hate the monarchy and they
are willing to destroy everything that
makes us uniquely British from slashing
police officers with samurai swords
outside of Buckingham Palace to reading
passages that deny the existence of
Jesus in our own churches this is what
they're doing to destroy everything
that's uniquely British Western and
Christian and I would hope I would hope
that events like this would change the
minds of representatives of the Church
of England and members of the Church of
England but unfortunately I don't really
see that happening anytime soon if you
like that and want to see more remember
to like and subscribe and download the
new rebel app from the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store
you
