I'm here in done avert a small German
town in Bavaria and it's everything you
would want a Bavarian town to be it's
historically significant the buildings
are beautiful there's a dolls Museum
here and at the top of the hill is the
church where there is a piece of the
cross that allegedly came from the time
of the Crusaders it is everything you
would want from Bavaria and so here in
her infinite wisdom Angela Merkel
decided to place a migrant hotspot that
is now an anchor center the anchor
center for migrants at Dunn Evert so
this pretty little German town is the
town that Angela Merkel decided in her
infinite wisdom to turn into an anchor
center it's a place that migrants are
placed inside whilst they wait a
decision on whether they're going to be
deported or whether they're going to be
granted asylum but I think one of the
things that we notice every time with
migrants is they typically hang together
in large groups and for people that live
in the town here and for Bavarian locals
I think it's one of the very
intimidating things is this lack of
integration between the migrants that
are put in the anchor center here and
the local population themselves I'm here
at the anchor center which is one of the
centers there seven here in Bavaria and
basically they've come about as a
compromise agreement there was a kind of
a massive fight in parliament between
Merkel's
interior minister Horst SIA Hoffa and
Merkel in fact it nearly collapsed the
government and the result of it was
these anchor centers and they're
basically about keeping migrants in one
place while a decision is made will they
be allowed to stay or will they be
deported for most of the individuals
here in these anchor centers they will
be deported but it's a question of when
to where by whom and the other thing
that's really interesting about these
anchor centers of course is that they
are
comfortable they're given food they're
given accommodation they get lessons in
German and other languages and they're
also given about 95 euros a month
there's about 650 migrants in this Anka
Center and one of the things I think
that's most interesting from a political
perspective is the sign which if we take
a look at over the road
now clearly says anchor it says anchor
Center dull woth it used to say first
line reception centre so in 2015 when
about a million migrants came through
Bavaria this is where they ended up but
to please the interior minister to save
Merkel's government it's now become an
anchor centre where people can be here
as long as 18 months before perhaps
being deported to the first country that
they arrived in when they fled Africa or
other countries in the Middle East I am
here to bring you the news that the
mainstream media won't to join me in my
reports go to rebel Bavaria calm and if
you can help chip in with any of our
costs just to cover our basics expenses
I'd really appreciate it go to rebel
Bavaria calm
you
