Oh
so in a profound display of tolerance
compassion and all of those other lefty
buzzwords pro-palestinian students and
others at UCLA disrupted an event hosted
by the school students support an Israel
chapter okay first of all can we discuss
those whistles for a second free free
Palestine is a meaningless slogan since
Palestinians have rejected a two-state
solution numerous times but at least
it's a platitude made up of words
whereas when you use whistles you're not
even shutting down others speech with
your own speech you're shutting down
others speech with senseless noise and
proving that you have absolutely nothing
not even an infantile chance with which
you can replace it you are demanding
justice
from whom twenty-year-old Californian
students don't exactly have it in their
power to give your Palestinian people
whose hardships you've ironically
probably never experienced if you're at
UCLA eighty at ninety or a hundred
percent of Israel
see these people don't really seem to
care about a conversation that might
lead to their stated objectives as
wishy-washy as those are or even a
compromise they want power submission
dominance the Lewis D brandy a Center
which fights anti-semitism on college
campuses sent a letter to UCLA alleging
that the disruption violated three parts
of the California criminal code for
deliberate disruption malicious
disturbance of the peace and conspiracy
to violate the other two but UCLA
decided not to file a criminal
complaints against the individuals who
disrupted the event so now at least six
students are filing them a prosecutor
will address the case in July and
hopefully this event will teach
left-wing students that free speech does
not include the right to shut down other
speech for campus unmasked I'm Rob trim
shocked if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
