so what's the latest example of me to
hysteria would you believe there's now a
wine that's being yanked from store
shelves because its name which happens
to be a common catchphrase is now deemed
to be misogynistic oh you're gonna need
a drink to get through this one folks
according to Vancouver radio station
news 11:30 the now suddenly ironically
named church and state winery is pulling
it's boys will be boys wine because
evidently this moniker promotes rape
culture
lastly perpetually offended snowflakes
on social media believe this well-worn
phrase is insensitive when it comes to
sexual assault victims or as the case
may be these days alleged victims of
sexual assault so it is that boys will
be boys no longer refers to the
elementary school set getting involved
in some innocent shenanigans rather this
is now code speak pertaining to male
chauvinist pigs going full out 50 shades
of grey on non-consenting females check
out what de Nica Jeffery the wineries
operations manager had to say quote I
just knew right away we had to get on
top of this it's super sensitive
I was shocked we even had this label end
quote
funny what shocks people these days they
then Jeffrey threw the previous owners
of the winery under the bus by noting
this name was all their idea had it been
up to her it never would have been
approved and much like Jeffrey Anthony
puree the wineries general manager says
he didn't know this brand was part of
the company's inventory either you know
I think we have a clip of burry at the
press conference
in any event the winery is now hunting
down every last remaining bottle of boys
will be boys wine
pay attention ona files if you can
stomach the misogyny grab yourself this
instant collector's item before it
evaporates forever still if the virus of
political correctness has now spread to
wine labels what's the next target
how about Fat Bastard wine speaking as
an overweight male born out of wedlock
when a when can I expect the SJW Brigade
to go on a jihad against this particular
vino I mean fat bastard's have feelings
too you know
and while we're at it I guess we now
have to go about expunging the boys will
be boys phrase from every single facet
of pop culture who's gonna break the
news to paulina Rubio
so sorry Paulina true enough your boys
will be boys video has garnered some 23
million YouTube views so far but we must
retire this odious raise because even
when it comes to the name of a wine
social justice whiners will be social
justice whiners forever beholden to the
toxic tyranny of political correctness
as the rest of us stand back and watch
our very language disappear for all the
wrong reasons for the rebel dog media
I'm David the men's I'd men's hey folks
the Breville has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
