the debate over separating illegal alien
children from their parents at the
border rages but is the Trump
administration doing what the media
tells you and could the Obama
administration have been much much worse
we'll discuss Donald Trump is horrible
the most terrible human being ever to
live right I mean his policy is his Nazi
jackbooted thugs white supremacist hater
of brown people from south of the border
policy is to rip babies from their
mother's arms screaming without reaching
for one another as they're crossing the
border except that's really not true
that's what the mainstream media the
Washington Post CNN MSNBC The New York
Times is telling you they've gone as far
they've gone as far as to disgracefully
and disgustingly use the term
concentration camp what an insult to the
memory of six million Jews killed during
the Holocaust and to add insult to
injury it wasn't just our left
commentators on MSNBC former RNC
Republican National Committee Chair
Michael Steele one of the worst RNC
chairs in history he used the term
concentration camp but wait there's more
General Michael Hayden the former CIA
and NSA director he used the term
concentration camp on Twitter actually
put up a photo of train tracks leading
to a concentration camp more than use
the term I and many others resoundingly
called out General Michael Hayden for
daring to compare the honest ethical
hard-working men and women of Department
of Homeland Security Customs and Border
Protection and ice Nazi SS Gestapo this
the Trump derangement syndrome is off
the charts it's disgusting people are
unhinged but let's break this down and
explain what's really going on here or
first and foremost first and foremost
the Secretary of Homeland Security
Kirsten Nielsen hold the media
irresponsible let me read you a tweet
from Secretary Nielsen quote this
misreporting by members meaning members
of Congress on the left press and
advocacy groups must stop it is
irresponsible and unproductive if I as I
have said many times before if you are
seeking asylum for your family there is
no reason to break the law and illegally
cross between ports of entry and this is
what's critically important here and I
need to spend some time on this the left
is trying to tell you that the people
crossing illegally are asylum speakers
Secretary of Homeland Security is saying
if you're an asylum seeker you don't
need to cross illegally come to a legal
port of entry ie a border a Customs and
Border Protection or immigration and
customs enforcement station at a marina
an airport and ask for asylum request
asylum the Refugee Protection Act of
1967 and it's update of 1980 affords you
protections if you do that
there is no need to swim across the Rio
Grande when you swim across the Rio
Grande with your baby in your arms you
risk having your child taken away if you
walk up to a border checkpoint speak to
a nice agent or a border patrol agent
and say I'm seeking asylum I'm
persecuted in my country
your protections begin this is very very
simple
very very simple now from administration
this from a Fox News piece but I'm just
parroting what the president said last
week he did an impromptu press
conference on Friday morning brilliant
on the lawn of the White House and the
driveway of the White House
Fox Rights the Trump administration
which has called it quote horrible that
illegal immigrant children are sometimes
separated from their parents when their
parents enter criminal proceedings has
been criticized in recent weeks for
increasing the prosecutions of illegal
aliens under a zero-tolerance policy
that critics say lead to those
separations however
that was very important in there another
bit of my new show that's being ignored
in most cases when someone does come
illegally
and then request asylum they're not
supposed to do
the kids that are being removed when you
dig into the data are typically kids of
parents who have another issue they've
been deported multiple times they are
suspected of a crime in the United
States or in their home country there's
an ice detainer for them they're on some
intelligence watchlist for crime for
terror for narcotics trafficking for
human trafficking
and at that point authorities have no
choice I cannot tell you how many times
as a cop I had to remove kids from their
parents if you go to jail we don't send
the children to jail with you we don't
leave them sitting in the house by
themselves we don't leave them on a
sidewalk alone
what are these people on the Left in the
mainstream media expect ice to do say to
a toddler well your mom has an
immigration detainer and ice detainer
here and she's expect them to suspect
they're working with the Sinaloa cartel
here we go kid here's a bottle of water
and some crackers Mexico's that way
we're some shade in the desert I'll get
some sunscreen no no can't do that to a
four-year-old unfortunately we have to
take these children and put them into a
shelter to safeguard them well then the
critics say these shelters are locked
there are steel gates well yeah we don't
want these four-year-olds running out at
the middle of the night into traffic of
course we're gonna lock the doors
that's what safe guarding is these are
not concentration camps people aren't
being put to work then systematically
wholesale exterminated it is disgusting
use that term reprehensible you use that
term
child illegal and illegally entering the
US has generally separated from adults
at the border the child is in danger has
no clear relationship to the adult or if
the adult enters criminal proceedings
the same exact criteria that domestic
law enforcement here in the US
file follow every single day hundreds if
not thousands of times a day when
removing children from American citizens
who endanger the child are not related
through the child is no legal
guardianship or enter criminal
proceedings again I can't tell you how
many kids I had to bring down through
Department of Children and Family
Services in New York City because I
arrested a parent and there was no other
guardian there we can't take them on
patrol with us can't leave them in an
NYPD police precinct can't leave the kid
in the house by themselves are on the
sidewalk they have to go somewhere safe
this is common sense this has been
established law enforcement practice for
decades upon decades minutes tablet read
for centuries at this point this is just
moronic secretary Neilson went on to say
unequivocally in a tweet quote we do not
have a policy of separating families at
the border period
and she went on to say you are not
breaking the law by seeking asylum at a
port of entry for those these are tweets
from secretary Olsen for those seeking
asylum at ports of entry we have
continued the policy from previous
administrations and will only separate
if the child is in danger again
there is no custodial relationship
between family members or if the adult
has broken a law but the mere
presentation of yourself of the illegal
who authorities at the border requesting
asylum is not under the refugee
protection acts of 67 and 80 the
addendum the amendment that is not
considered breaking the law you're being
lied to by the mainstream media you are
this is one of the worst cases of fake
news I've ever come across you are being
lied to
you're being lied to
now Democrats I've been trying to go
into detention facilities were gonna
talk about that in a moment but let's
talk about the deafening silence
on the left back in 2015 in front of me
I have a Washington Post story Mexican
kids held for months this is the
important part as punishment for border
crossing and you know when this story
was from not last week not this weekend
March 11th 2015 during the Obama
administration the Obama
Wow
and these are kids that were smuggled
here these are kids that were smuggled
all right
tragic they're little kids
now let me read this to you last spring
a Central American children flooded into
Texas from their owner it was March of
they're talking about 2014 this is March
of 2015 they're talking about last
spring that's very important because
that was bringing up 2014 any member all
those photos we saw of children in cages
from the hill and other places trying to
make it seem like it was under Donald
Trump no those photos were mostly from
around April 2014 so I'm reading this
story and remember the context and the
date of those photos last spring a
Central American children flooded into
Texas in a way he had never seen in his
three-decade career border agent Robert
Harris decided to experiment his
intelligence analysts estimated as
analysts estimated that 78 percent of
the guide smuggling other migrants were
Mexicans younger than 18 for the Coyotes
bringing others across the border
illegally were themselves Mexican minors
Mexicans under 18 teenagers often hired
or conscripted by the drug cartels who
knew they would not be prosecuted if
caught and he wanted to attack this
loophole
why don't we remove these juveniles from
the smuggling cycle Harris the outgoing
commander of the Laredo sector of
Customs and Border Protection recall
pinking now as a result of that decision
young Mexicans are being held for months
without charge and shelters across the
u.s. back three years ago more than
three three years is three months ago
sometimes without their parents
knowledge since the program began in May
536 juveniles had been held 248 of whom
have been deported to Mexico after an
average day of 75 days that's according
to the Border Patrol
okay the Obama administration began this
policy it's important to note that when
you see the current photos of these
Ibiza but look at cams tents but the
tents of air conditioning and high speed
wireless and video games and and other
buildings are one shelter now one big
shelter for these kids was in a form of
Walmart building with bedrooms and look
I'm not gonna say he's a wonderful
places these are still shelters and
these little kids are ripped from their
parents right they are I mean we are
taking them from their parents but it's
necessary my heart goes out to the I
want to see a little boo year-old girl
we've seen the image of her crying
hysterically for her mom my heart bleeds
for that key the mom broke the law and
and we can't send that little girl
across the desert by herself it's it's a
terrible situation for law enforcement
to be put in but doing the right thing
they're doing the right thing they're
putting the kid in a safe facility in a
bed there with air conditioning with
food with water with doctors with
security it's far safer than the country
that kid came from
door one of the problems is they're not
allowed to touch the children either
these crying kids nobody can give them a
hug
it's heartbreaking it really really is
heartbreaking but the mom or the dad are
the ones to blame
they came illegally possibly knowing
they had committed other crimes or on an
anti-terror or a or a cartel watchlist
this policy began under Barack Obama the
reason I bring up the shelter is that an
it's important note
Department of Homeland Security data
tells us that in those shelters
90% were unaccompanied minors 90% were
these scenarios that I just read you
kids coming to the border alone or we're
working for the cartels to smuggle only
10% of the kids you're seeing in those
shelters these images the mainstream
media is trying to use to paint Trump as
a Nazi and a white supremacist and and
this oppressive dictator only 10 percent
were separated from their parents at the
border
right and in those instances as
secretary Neilson notes there was a
reason authorities felt the child was in
danger the parent couldn't care for them
authorities felt that the parent wasn't
really the parent there was no custodial
relationship there so that individual
adult had no right to have that child
with him in the first place or the
parent broke the law had a warrant had
an ice detainer had some some thing that
required a criminal proceeding look we
can't send the kids to jail can't leave
them on the street
can't give him a bottle of water and
send him back across the desert right
can't do it now everybody everybody is
concerned about them everybody
First Lady Melania Trump rarely rarely
makes policy statement Melania Trump
made a policy statement she said that
both sides of the aisle need to come
together to achieve successful
immigration reform that's a quote he
said she hates to see children separated
from their parents our communications
director Stephanie Gresham told CNN
quote mrs. Trump hates to see children
separated from their families and hopes
both sides of the aisle and finally come
together to achieve successful
immigration reform he believes we need
to be a country that follows all laws
but also a country that governs with
heart he's right everyone wants this
problem solved everyone now
first lady Laura Bush former first lady
Laura Bush wrote an op-ed in the
Washington Post excuse me yesterday and
she said basically the same
he said she lives in a border state he
appreciates the need to enforce and
protect our international boundaries but
the zero tolerance policy is cruel it is
immoral and it breaks her heart well
Obama had the same policy mrs. Bush and
let me say I always thought Laura Bush
was a dignified graceful first lady
oh he's admired her think she's very
nice woman still do he's dead wrong on
this is Laura Bush and her husband
George W Bush somebody that I voted for
twice somebody I respected I don't
anymore
I believe he loves America but I don't
respect is George and Laura Bush hmm
remained dead silent while Obama tried
to impose socialism
in this nation they remain dead silent
while day in and day out he sat in the
in the Oval Office and via executive
order in caveat tried to erode the
Constitution they didn't say a word when
Obama was punitive Lee and it's the big
difference here okay Obama's
administration was punitive Lee jailing
these kids
from administration is doing it in in
certain circumstances and it's not jail
it's a shelter the Obama adminstration
actually putting it on would look more
like jails in cages
George and Laura Bush that dead silent
didn't say a word not a word
but now because they don't like Trump
because Trump called Jeb Bush low-energy
they're out there criticizing
going back on reversing violating decade
upon decade upon decade of Bush family
policy to never comment on another
administration when a Bush is out of
office whether it's Congress for the
presidency but when it's Trump all bets
are off gotta take him down
gotta take Trump down now Democratic
lawmakers in New Jersey decided to
launch a stunt the other day and there
were New York and New Jersey lawmakers
old Bam's all far left they went to an
ice detention center in yesterday for a
surprise fathers Davis and they included
a who's who of four left morons
representative Kim Jeffrey
representative Hakeem Jeffries of New
York Jerrold Nadler of New York
Adriana Wescott from New York carolyn
Maloney from New York Frank pallone jr.
from New Jersey a bo Cirrus from New
Jersey and Bill crass about a scroll
from knee jerk
the the around arrived around 9 a.m. for
their publicity stunt with cameras in
tow and intelligently and appropriately
they were denied entry screaming and
yelling and stomping their feet
eventually they were allowed more and
more than an hour later after they were
banging on the door telling ice and
local police they would not move after
here's what represented carolyn Maloney
who wants to take everybody's gun said
now these people just quote after being
made to wait over an hour after having a
deal with local PD after banging on the
door and making clear that we will not
move in capitals until all out in ice is
finally granting us access to see
individuals who have been separated from
their families we are now speaking with
detainees who are separated from their
children when they sought asylum in the
u.s. from terrible violence and danger
at home but that's really not it came
illegally they didn't properly go
through the asylum process ok the new
excuse on the left is well they don't
have access to the Internet they don't
know how to mean to seek asylum no guy
thinking 2018 you could find out because
they seem to make their way through a
thousand whatever miles of Mexico maybe
more and I'm guessing that along the way
you could probably stop and find out how
to ask for asylum in the United States
now these people are choosing to cross
illegally the Trump administration is
being eviscerated it's being vilified as
being called Nazi white supremacists
rule dictatorial is Laura Tyrion all of
these horrible horrible things for
having the audacity to do something they
should be doing which is enforce federal
immigration law
that's what they're doing wrong they're
enforcing federal immigration law
and they're being roundly roundly
criticized by the left for doing so
unfortunately from some neocons and and
rhinos on the right as well
but I say this to the Trump
administration keep on keeping on this
is a is a drastic problem and it's gonna
take drastic measures and law
enforcement I often say does not look
pleasant
because you're enforcing a law that
someone broke the optics of that
pretty much ten times out of ten are
gonna look bad but it needs to be done I
always tell you xiety falls down that's
why I want the Trump administration to
keep doing what they're doing
IIT falls down we put political
correctness before public safety there's
a really important topic one of the most
important I think we've ever covered
nobody nobody wants to see little
children separated from their families
it's important to understand the
difference between fact and fiction I'm
gonna bring it to you every day help me
do that
i subscribing to a premium service at
www.melrosemoving.com tent hope you guys
had a great weekend as always thanks so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
