in addition to being a never-ending
drain on the taxpayer teat how's this
for our revelation public sector unions
can actually be hazardous for your
health the proof
well one need look any further than
convicted serial killer Elizabeth wet
Laufer who it turns out was indirectly
aided and abetted by her Union the
interior Nurses Association by
definition a nurse is a trained medical
professional who helps those who are
ailing to get better and then there's
Elizabeth wet Laufer she didn't cure
patients she killed them last summer
nurse wet loafer was convicted of
murdering eight patients under her care
she also attempted to kill six others
the killing spree took place over
several years as well offer worked in
various Ontario nursing homes
check out this demented nurse in a taped
confession to police in which he
describes how she chose one of her
victims
it's chilling how she speaks in such an
unemotional matter-of-fact manner
equally disturbing is how little remorse
she harbors for the victim when they she
said you know knit a nice name there's
one yes and at all the yelling to give
me the audience's the death bed so I can
die and three shirts get something to
bed at a time so I said okay that went
to the other nurse that was working with
me
and she said I'm okay I'll put in the
finest care and that's what she want
so he did and then I thought well she
won't see the next one I had a feeling
the 51 year old wet loafer is a textbook
psychopath to be sure but that's only
part of this sordid story the other
crucial element is a role that the
Ontario Nurses Association took in terms
of unwittingly prolonging wet law furs
killing spree an inquiry is now underway
to determine how wet law fur flew under
the radar for so long and what's emerged
so far is how her public sector union
didn't condemn wet law fur but rather
repeat repeatedly went to bat for her
for example between 2007 and 2014 wet
Laufer was reprimanded nine times for
numerous medical errors and outright
incompetence
there were also dozens of complaints
filed against her ranging from the
mundane such as wet Laufer
eating her patient's food to the
outrageous ie that she made numerous
medication mistakes and even harassed
people she was finally fired in 2014
from terrace on Kerr in Woodstock well
sort of because part of her termination
deal was a two thousand dollar
settlement and a letter of
recommendation indeed it turns out that
the interior Nurses Association had
fought wet loafers first dismissal for
an entire year and so it was that her
dismissal wouldn't be classified as a
firing but rather as a resignation for
personal medical issues why well that
would make it far more easy for her to
snag another gig thereby prolonging her
murder spree now in fairness nobody knew
at the time that wet Laufer was in
reality a serial killer
but here's the rub surely this
information wasn't needed in terms of
banning this person from the nursing
profession after all given what was
known about her
surely that had to be enough to keep her
out of Nursing forever after all in
addition to everything already mentioned
the inquiry was also told that wet
Lawford took drugs she took extra long
breaks she was often late for work and
she was a bear
unpleasant person and sort she was a
sort of cat you probably wouldn't
entrust walking your dog let alone
having her take care of a loved one look
I understand unions wanting to protect
the rank-and-file that's the very
mission statement of a union but what a
member of the rank-and-file is
identified as toxic why would the Union
still go to bat for such an odious
individual that not only makes the Union
look bad but it also does agrave the
service to the competent and hardworking
people who are also part of that very
same Union yet why is it so hard for
Union brass to understand this truism
are they that entitled that untouchable
that above reproach that they simply
don't care and too bad that in the wet
Lawford case the outright stubbornness
of the interior Nurses Association and
protecting Elizabeth well offer turned
out to be a matter of life and death
eight times over no less for the rebel
dog media I'm David the men's I'd
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
