it's June 18th I'm as for levan and
you're watching battleground
well hello my friends I'm Azrael avance
every weekday at 12 noon Eastern Time we
have a one-hour super chat that's a
fancy word YouTube gives to a live chat
where you can give me instant feedback
on the right-hand side of the screen 62
people are watching already and dozens
of comments so far I have a little bit
of news today from Tommy Robinson his
family had a meeting with him on the
weekend and I received an update from
Tommy's wife and I'm gonna keep most of
it confidential but there was one line
there that I'm absolutely certain Tommy
would like to be made public because it
relates to the public support he's
received and I want to just quickly read
that note to me
I'm just good and and I don't why I'm
cautious when I talk about things that
I've heard from the family because I do
not want to break their confidences and
I don't want to I don't want to pretend
that I'm an official spokesman for the
family because I'm not but there was one
line in the note from Jenna that I
believe that it's appropriate to Sharon
is this it was great to see Stephen
today that's where they Thomas real name
is he wasn't too bad considering his
situation people's supportive emails and
your crowdfunding have given him so much
hope so I believe that it's appropriate
for me to share that message with you
and I will do my best to maintain the
confidentiality and my respect for the
family and their privacy but I think
would you agree with me that that
message is appropriate to share with the
general public
Tommy spirits are high all things
considered and there you have it as of
last night now what's interesting is
that we've received a copy of a letter
that Tommy has sent to the public and we
have scanned a copy of the letter and we
blacked out the name of one of Tommy's
kids because I don't know if those are
if that's public information but I'd
like to go through Tommy's letter and
read it with you because it's touching
and it's heartbreaking but it's also
encouraging and hopeful and I think you
see Tommy's spirit his courageous
fighting spirit and I think you see the
tender side of Tommy that I don't think
most people know the sense of humor for
sure I think everyone knows that but
also how Tommy loved his family I've had
the pleasure of meeting them on a few
occasions and he keeps them out of
things he refers to his wife in public
and he uses her name in public which is
why I'm not afraid to do so I don't
believe I'm violating many confidences
from saying that but we've redacted by
the name of his child in the PDF that we
have scanned of the letter and we'll put
that up on our rebel website go ahead
okay so we're gonna upload that very
shortly let me before we upload that
letter we're just redacting a name on it
right now we'll have that very shortly
so that's what I'm gonna do today I'm
gonna read through Tommy's official that
I just sent that one private I read that
one private note to let you know that
Tommy there's two things that are
boiling his spirits one is public
support in the form of letters and the
second is knowing that we've got is back
on the crowdfunding side and that's sort
of the our specialty here at the rebel
and that's a pleasure to do if you
haven't shipped into Tommy you can go to
save Tommy calm and as you know from our
video in that site 100% of all the funds
of the proceeds go to cover Tommy's
legal fees and if there's any surplus
there after a hundred percent of the
funds will go to Tommy's family at the
sole discretion of his wife and in my
view that's a good thing if Tommy gets
out on appeal that's great give him some
money pay for future legal defense if
Tommy doesn't get out early okay that
funds those funds could be used by the
family just to pay the bills while he's
in prison and then the final and third
awful option is what if Tommy what if
something terrible happens to him well
this would help have a future for his
wife and especially his beautiful kids
so that's what that fund is I want to
distinguish that just by the way because
the other day people were confused when
you do a super chat on this chat that
just goes to the rebel that's not going
at Tommy's so if you want to make a
Tommy donation go to save Tommy calm
super chats when you chip in two bucks
five bucks 20 bucks here that just goes
to youtube and we get a large cut of
that and that helps us pay our bills
here at the company so if you want to
donate to Tommy do it at save Tommy calm
if you chip in with a super chat here
that's helpful to us at the red balm we
appreciate it I see that the corker is
chipped in five bucks disgraceful that
liberals approved student funding for an
outpour term you're talking about the AL
could stay protests in Toronto which is
fomented by the government of Iran they
do this around the world and yes of
course Justin Trudeau won't give summer
jobs funding for Christian summer camps
but he'll pay it for an Islamist
organization
you're right about that okay if you read
a few regular chat comments and then
we'll get into the letter Kevin my co
says nothing terrible is gonna happen
Tommy well I hope you're right but you
can't say that with any certainty fact
number one
Tommy has been attacked in prison before
by Muslim extremists fact number two
Tommy has been attacked outside a person
on the street so of course I hope what
you're saying is true but I know
historically it's not stefano fava free
Tommy I agree with you Tommy if he's
going to be freed will have to be freed
by a legal process that is a legal
appeal protests outside the prison or a
downtown in London I think are great
because they show political support but
as you know with the rule of law in the
United Kingdom a protest is not legally
sufficient to get someone busted out of
jail it has to be a legal appeal and
hopefully that will happen this week I
see another super shot for mr. ghost how
close are we to covering Tommy's legal
cost thank you for supporting our
modern-day Robin Hood hero who dares to
be brave I really think that is a good
analogy Robin Hood except for Robin Hood
was more about financial matters and
Taxation right Rob from the rich give to
the poor Tommy you know I've actually
never heard him talk about financial
matters ever I don't even know if he's
right-wing financially if my observation
is that most of Tommy's supporters would
probably historically be labour voters
who were a little bit socialist on the
economic stuff Tommy is about Nats
national identity culture pride and most
acutely about protecting young British
girls from Muslim rankings and it was
also infuriated by the Lee Rigby
situation where a British officer on the
street literally had his was literally
murdered on the street buying a Muslim
extremist let me see there's another
super chat big fan has anyone in the
Canadian government spoken out about
this I'm sorry I laughed out loud there
yeah the Canadian government would put
put Tommy in jail a long time ago the
Canadian government is just
is bad as the UK government and we in
many ways have a more long-standing
speech code series of laws the Human
Rights Commission's etc okay our we're
ready with the letter and where can
people find the letter Hanna okay we're
gonna put the we'll put the letter up
right now on the screen and I'll read
through it okay so let's start this is a
letter from Tommy Robinson so here we go
again it's Sunday night 10:00 618 the
news of the amazing scenes yesterday in
London are just filtering their way to
me but before I start on the positives
of yesterday's demonstration let me
first start with some negatives let me
share with you part of my wife's letter
I received yesterday so this is quoting
his wife's letter nail school rang me
today though before I went to work and
said my child was really upset at school
to be honest he isn't managing that well
he cries at every opportunity there is
his mate
Sam said to him I'm doing a 5k run with
my dad and my child said well I can't do
it with my dad and ran off crying he
cries himself to sleep
sleeps with your pillow and asked me 50
times a day what day is dad coming home
I can't even give him a rough date yet
because you haven't been given any just
hope to keep telling him it's not for
long
nothing will change and he needs to be
brave to make you proud he said to me
last night I'm going to go and do
something bad so I can be put in jail
with dad at least then I will be with
him
how sad is that how absolutely sad is
that that Tommy's son and I've seen them
I've seen their rap whore and Tommy
teaches him boxing and he's such a
wonderful dad it's fun to see I my feet
you know it's like with crazy Gavin
McInnes my favorite Gavin is Gavin with
his family I have the opportunity of
having a dinner at his family home with
my family and Gavin the dad is the best
Gavin I think Tommy the dad is the best
Tommy as a man but as a personal person
but of course Tommy has a large public
role how sad is that that your that your
boy says well maybe I'll break the law
just to go and be in prison with my dad
it's so heartbreaking on Father's Day to
have read that all right I'm going to be
reading a little bit more I'm not going
to lie
reading this broke my heart so this is
Tommy now this is not Tommy quoting his
wife's letter so put the letter back up
Tommy says I'm not going to lie reading
this broke my heart the prison removed
my wife's phone number over a week ago
so I have not even been able to speak
with my children it also upsets me that
in my son's head he must think his dad
has done something bad to end up in
prison before I sit and feel so sorry
for myself I should put it into
perspective I'm away from my family for
a short duration members of our armed
forces children must go through this all
the time which is why I admire the
sacrifices they make past and present
I'm not going to go to I'm not going to
know too much into my case as my appeal
is just being lodged what I will talk
about is the difference you have all
made to me when I landed in this prison
I was truly gutted got heard about what
my family were about to go through
gutted for those who I was in
discussions with who rely on me to tell
their stories I was also adamant I would
be killed on this prison sentence when I
was leaving the EDL I was sentenced to
10 months in prison in 2012 I was
separated from everyone
for my own protection and kept on
solitary confinement for 22 weeks I
believe this was because the government
feared what may happen on the streets if
I was murdered in prison let's take a
short break there and let me give you
some thoughts in this I mean I'm reading
his handwriting which is why I'm going a
little bit slow so first of all it's
shocking to me that anyone would have to
endure 22 months of solitary confinement
that I don't know how strong you would
have to be psychologically to get
through that without being stunted and
damaged that is usually reserved for
terrorists for murderers for prisoners
who are an enormous danger to other
prisoners or guards tommy is none of
those things he was put in there for his
own safety but it I mean I don't want to
say that solitary confinement is a form
of torture because I'm not sure if
that's quite true the left certainly
says that all the time they want to
abolish solitary confinement but for
Tommy it was simply so he wasn't
murdered and I think Tommy's exactly
right if God forbid Tommy were killed in
prison that probably would be Ryan's on
the street okay let's go back to the
letter Lee Rigby was beheaded in 2013
and our government witnessed that a
soldier can be beheaded and no one will
really react I was then sent to prison
in 2014 for 18 months I was literally
fed to the wolves I was lucky to escape
alive finding my way through violent
beatings at the hands of Muslim inmates
the government knew I could be killed
and no one would really do anything it
was a sad moment for myself realizing
that if I murdered my death wouldn't
make much difference or change I also
realized my family would not be looked
after I would go on to struggle for
safety and stability
oh what a change four years makes let's
take a short break there it's exactly
right first of all can you believe how
many months tommy has served in prison
over technicalities and trifles I'm not
going to get into his whole legal his
three you can get that in his
best-selling book enemy of the state you
know read that book for the precise
facts of it but just to paraphrase when
Tommy was doing a mortgage deal he swore
he was part of a deal that swore all of
the deposit was his as opposed to some
that was born by a family member and
that was deemed mortgage fraud let me
ask you what percentage of mortgage
homeowners in North America in the UK
borrow fifty thousand bucks or a hundred
thousand bucks maybe from their parents
or from friends to help scrounge
together their downpayment and say yeah
that's our money which it sort of is if
it's your family money if it's not like
money from a bank but that technicality
was enough to call Tommy a mortgage
fraud and have him thrown away in prison
for such a long time I'm not getting the
exact details of that accurate please
read the book enemy in the state for the
precise for precise details but my point
is what a technicality it was used to
get him off the streets and of course
when he was finally released on bail
his bail requirements I think they call
it a license is what they call in the UK
were that he not have any political and
interactions with the English Defence
leave well hang on was this about
mortgage fraud or was this about
politics then if it's about mortgage
fraud why are the conditions on his bail
that he not engaged in politics do you
see what I mean what a crock and Tommy
is exactly right that in the past he
probably could his murder probably could
have been swept under the carpet and no
one would have reacted let me read a few
quick super chats gas Jones says
Liverpool has Tommy's back thanks for
your help Ezra
right on Liverpool thank you for that
and I saw another super chat Ruth Sammy
chipped in 299 Australian I think thank
you for that I only met Tommy about a
year and a half ago I think well I mean
I met I I think I might have interviewed
him by a Skype but he really only joined
us here and a half cope and when he was
arrested in Canterbury 13 months ago we
gave him really top-notch legal
assistance
and he said to me afterwards that had he
had really top-notch legal assistants
back in the day he probably never would
have been in prison and I agree with
that and all of the slings and arrows
that not only the actual punishment of
being in prison and the insults against
them but the time out of his life if
only we would have had top-notch lawyers
for Tommy back then I really wish we had
the Tommy had had support like that I
mean I only met the guy a year and a
half ago and I felt like we did keep him
out of prison once we're gonna try and
get him out the second time here okay
let's go back to the letter in the so he
just said what a difference four years
makes in the first few days here I began
to hear that thousands are protesting
outside 10 Downing Street this was
within 24 hours of my abduction by the
state I was told your petition has a
hundred thousand then it is now at three
hundred thousand and then half a million
I heard people were climbing the gates
of Downing Street I thought the people
telling me must be getting it wrong they
must be confused with our day for
freedom demo I was completely unaware
what was unfolding outside the prison
was a worldwide free Tommie movement I
was in danger in my first days in this
prison house with Muslim prisoners then
something changed I was wished for my
cell and wing and taken and separated to
safety I believe now this was the moment
Lord Pearson spoke up about my safety
his actions could have literally saved
my life then I heard protests were
spreading across the globe
I heard politicians police and
barristers were speaking out I've heard
so many people who have sat on the fence
for years we're now speaking out to hear
that twenty to thirty thousand people
travelled to London this weekend to
stand in solidarity with me is an
amazing feeling I truly in gobsmacked at
the reaction from the public I feel so
loved loved and appreciated I receive a
bag of letters and emails every day I
read every one I'm so grateful I want to
thank you to every single person who has
supported me okay let's take a break
there we've written we've read half the
letter now it's a four-page letter and
do we do we have a link we're gonna put
that up on our page somewhere okay it's
the link underneath the video Hannah
yeah okay so if you want to read the
letter in full you can see the link
underneath the video it's true so many
people who were shy about supporting
Tommy I think Tommy's reputation has
increased in the last couple years and
the crisis has gotten worse and the
particular facts of Tommy's arrests are
so egregious that indeed people did come
off the fence not everyone and I'm not
going to name names because there are
some people who I hope will yet come off
the fence and support Tommy very Nigel
Faraj but until that happens we just
have to encourage them Tommy is not just
about Tommy Tommy is about the rule of
law freedom in the press and the ability
of Brits and indeed many around the
world to speak candidly about things
like Muslim rape gangs and open borders
immigration even you have if you have a
personal quarrel with Tommy I think it
behooves us all to support his freedom
for Tommy is the precedent that will be
applied to the rest of us
Sydney Mick C Cindy MC says I sent email
to Tommy address is on You Tube channel
Brian London ok thank you ally Clarke
says Ezra noted on top of letters said
the hospital wing is Tommy hurt no I
think that's I think that's the wing
where he was to be kept safe I think
that's what that means ok let's go back
to the letter it's 12:20 and we want to
get through it were through half the
letter so I'm reading from the top of
page 3 now I understand how difficult
that is to speak out I understand that
many people would have faced a backlash
from friends or even from work for
speaking out on my behalf and I am truly
grateful to people for standing with me
free speech is not free when it has
social consequences I sit here happy
happy that this sentence has backfired
on the establishment happy that the
public reaction has sent a message
of the consequences if they have me
murdered on this sentence I have said
for so long that there will be a moment
in our country none of us know what that
moment will be but it will change the
direction of our nation I think deeply
about this and for a while now I've been
sure that I will be murdered for
opposing Islam a scary thought but not
as scary as thinking it will make no
difference although now I sit here
smiling with a belief that my murder
would literally start a revolution I'm
standing laughing out loud that may seem
mad but knowing this is so satisfying
I've always said I'd sacrifice my life
tomorrow if it would end the Islamic
takeover of our beautiful land our
battle is not as simple as against flesh
and blood but we battle a system a
corrupt system sitting here gives you so
much time to think we can no longer be
looking from the outside in
we must involve our voice and our
movement into politics I mean take a
break and give you some thoughts on that
Tommy has said as much to me and to many
other friends in fact it changes a man's
activities and if if he believes he's
going to be murdered within the year and
Tommy Tommy did believe that you know
that slogan that Drake and others made
famous Yolo you only live once there's
different ways to interpret that slogan
it's in go out man you only go around
once Lonely Island did a parody video we
said be careful you only live once be
careful you can take that slogan to heat
in different ways but imagine if you
truly believed you had one year left in
your life how would it change what you
do what would it change the risks you
take
how much alive you were in your last
year I think it made Tommy more risk
oriented not risk-averse it was you know
it's a little bit hard working with him
we were corporate we were risk-averse we
checked things with lawyers we we didn't
like him out on the streets so much but
Tommy if he felt the
one year left to live he was going to be
he was going to live it to the max and I
think he thinks about death a lot but
not a foolish death not a death he
wishes but just one that he's been lucky
to avoid so farm I really like the fact
don't you that he started off his lever
letter by saying whatever hardships I'm
enduring or my family's enduring it's
really nothing compared to what the
British military and other Western
allied military families go through
that's it's not interesting even in
there's only imprisonment Tommy is
thinking about others okay let's get
back to the letter I have so many plans
on what I want to do when I get out to
hear that gear welders traveled and
spoke in London and is so exciting for
me when I started my activism I looked
to Geert and the life-changing decisions
he made to speak out against Islam
he has been an inspiration to me I can
list all the people I need to thank
sorry I can't list all the people I need
to think there are so many but I know
Alex Jones and Infowars
would be leading the the shout for my
freedom I love him he cracks me up
Gerrard baton of you Kip Lord Pearson
Raheem Ezra oh that's me thanks honey
Katie Hopkins my cousin Kevin Carroll
jumping straight in with the demo I
think that says Danny or Davey for
organizing it Donald Trump jr. for
tweeting haha I'd have been done six
months just for that recognition the
list could go on and on I'll do my
proper thank-yous upon my release let's
stop for a second there we're at the top
of the fourth page isn't Tommy funny I
that cracked me up when he said I would
have done six months in prison just for
that Donald Trump jr. tweet that made me
laugh very hard when I read that here I
think I missed a super chat
mark will it says Nigel Farage is a wet
blanket I am a super fan of Nigel Faraj
if it's not clear Nigel Farage will
forever be out of debt by Brits for
championing brexit and taking it from a
fringe fantasy
to a referendum success and I think he's
already had achieved entry to the
pantheon of the greats I think he's been
very wary of Tommy because he doesn't
want to be called far-right racist
whatever and it's an unfair appellation
for Tommy but who said the world is fair
and I know that Nigel Faraj has been
keeping an arm's length from Tommy and
in fact you keep itself did until Jared
batten and Lord Pearson and others who
either say well there's enough people
there so I can be courageous because
there's enough numbers of supporters or
they say look this is serious enough I
have to stand up for Tom even if I have
some reservations I hope that Nigel
Faraj makes the final conversion to a
Tommy supporter again you don't have to
be a Tommy fan you have to be a fan you
can stand up for someone even if you
have some disagreements with them if
there's a larger point of principle
which I believe there is okay I think
we're on the last page of the letter
right let's finish up the letter one
person I have to thank my wife when I
finally got through to her on the phone
from prison I asked her have you had
enough yet haha I've not been a great
husband but she has been a perfect wife
and on an amazing mother I simply
couldn't get through any of this without
my family so Jenna if you were reading
this letter online then no I love you
and I miss you my mates will ruin me for
this sappy shite haha
lots of people say I give them hope but
I want you all to know that your
reaction whether I be supportive be
supporting my family paying for legal
costs or even just sharing videos of or
tweets you have all given me hope and an
absolutely priceless feeling please
excuse my handwriting but my hand is
killing me I'm using my time to put pen
to paper and detail out my next book oh
I was already working on it before this
sentence I didn't know that working
title the battle for Britain that's
great
basically bringing enemy of the state up
to date and also looking into the future
so I'd like to thank her Majesty for
giving me the time alone on my own to
work on
knowing that there are more plans for
demonstrations until my release is great
it's great to know that I've not been
forgotten and that their attempts to
silence me won't work it's now Monday
evening and I've just watched love
island haha my wife's number was put
back on the system so I have spoke with
my children today so I'm less stressed
and more relaxed my children will come
to visit me in the near future thank you
all for the support
it's your something and reaction that
will keep me safe please know how
inspired and grateful I am I'm hoping
Lord Pearson and Jared batten will also
be visiting me here and lads if you were
reading this asked geared to pop into
Her Majesty's Prison hallo with you my
appeals have gone in appeal sentence
appeal conviction and bail application
oh yeah thank you
Pauline Hanson thank you AFD for the
offer of asylum okay just take a break
here Pauline Hanson for those of you who
might not know she is the leader of a
political party in Australia called one
nation and AFD is a party in Germany it
stands for alternative for Deutschland
or alternative for Germany and they are
sort of like the you Kipp party of their
respective countries Australia and
Germany and I think an aft politician
mentioned something about getting
political asylum for Tommy and maybe
Pauline Hanson said the same I didn't
watch that let me take a quick look I
think I've missed some super chats the
corker ten bucks says this past weekend
CBC News Network spent hours giving
negative Trump coverage to his
immigration policies funding that CBC
didn't have any coverage to the illegal
immigration happening in Canada
well the CBC is the worst they're a
state broadcaster in every sense of the
term yeah so they're they're just being
directed by Justin Trudeau to engage in
anti Trump mania which frankly they
would have done without his instruction
I'm quite sure they don't have a single
word online about Tommy
Robinson I could check that to be
completely sure mmm just a confirmation
you can read the full letter from Tommy
Robinson I see that now underneath the
video screen if you want to see it for
yourself
where the last couple of paragraphs of
that do we have an ad for today because
I want some done the letter I'm gonna
call for an ad okay great
so let me read the last of this the
establishment thought I'm reading the
last paragraphs of Tommy's letter the
establishment thought this would close
the book instead the public have just
turned the page to continue the next
chapter I love and thank you all mom and
dad sorry about the stress I give you
haha thank you to the free world and
then he writes under the bottom it's
Tuesday I'm being moved prison so my
kids won't see me this weekend and then
that's the last of it so that's the full
letter that was released I don't know
the exact provenance of this letter I
don't know exactly how it made its way
to the public I've seen it several
places
the version we had I've redacted the
name of Tommy's kid because I don't know
if I mean obviously Tommy wrote it
himself but I don't know if that's
public information what do you think
about letter or anything the letter all
right let me tell you a few of my quick
reactions and then we're going to take a
very short break my first reaction is
that Tommy's a great writer isn't he
it's a very clear thinker you have to be
a clear thinking to be a clear writer
second of all he's got a sense of humor
to him I mean everyone knows that but I
don't know if I'd be in such good humor
if I were in prison separated from my
family not even being able to see my
kids at by the at the time he wrote this
I don't think he saw his kids until
yesterday frankly can you imagine that's
23 days and Tommy once told me about
what rumors are like in prison and how
they go crazy and insane and people who
have agendas so for him to get a pretty
fair read of the world outside I think
he's he's in high spirits and I guess
he's done this before but I can't
believe it gets any easier
of course this was right before he was
transferred out of the
prison hall - another prison so they're
still playing games with him but I do
think it's clear that Lord Pearson's
intervention is help we're gonna take a
very short break let me play for you a
promo of John Cardillo show from tonight
and I'll be back in about 30 seconds
stay with us today an off-the-cuff
Declassified the battle rages over
separating illegal alien children from
their parents at the border
we'll discuss political analysts Ned
Ryan joins me to discuss the latest on
the molar probe immigration and
Congress's war with the DOJ a mass
shooting in New Jersey that you didn't
hear about and the New Jersey governor's
ludicrous response and new privacy
concerns over how police are using
driver license photos we'll talk all
about it
that's our show tonight with John
Cardillo he's a former New York PD cop
who does great commentary for us very
interesting stuff so tune in if you're a
premium subscribe if you're not a
premium subscriber you should consider
becoming one we have a lot of great
shows behind the paywall I want to read
some more Super chats just to remind you
for those of you who are not familiar
with it a super chat is when you make a
comment and you chip in a few bucks to
YouTube we get most of that dough so it
helps us pay our bills here and as you
can see the comments in question are
made in bright colors so I see them out
of the corner of my eye and they're
appended to the top for a period of time
so Sydney MC says we need to all send
support to Tommy in prison now we have
the address to keep his spirits up
YouTube written London I guess I read
that already and then Willy Darren
chipped in 20 bucks Thank You Willy I
don't think I saw your question or
comments so please send it again if you
want me to read it literally a
pot-bellied goblin says glad Tommy is
doing well keep up the good work I'm
just scrolling through to see if I
missed anything Emma ever missed any
Super chats no okay let me give you some
more thoughts on the letter if I may and
then and I'll read I'll read some of
your thoughts too the first thing is at
least at the moment of that writing and
with his family visit yesterday so until
24 hours ago we know that he physically
has not been harmed I think it is fair
to say that the prison system which is
different from the court system you know
the judge who put Tommy in prison is not
the same as the decision-makers who say
what cell he's in what ward he's in what
prison he's in so those are internal
decisions that are notoriously opaque
and it's clear that there's people in
the prison system who hate Tommy the
people who put him in a dangerous Ward
to begin with the people that he was
moved to the hospital ward I think
that's where he went for safety but then
they moved him to a different prison for
no reason or at least no discernible
reason and in fact that move as you saw
delayed Tommy's family from visiting him
it makes me very sad the saddest part of
that letter and I've
read it for three four times now is it
Tommy's kids say well gee maybe I should
do something bad to go to prison to be
with my dad when I read that on Father's
Day that made me so sad
that's tough ain't Tommy really tries to
shield his family from the politics but
you can't especially when they get to a
certain age I'm glad he's hearing about
the public support and I'm glad we're
crowdfunding for him uh and I read you
that little note from Jenna earlier I
guess I didn't need it to read it to you
cuz Tommy made the same points in his
public letter but the fact that the
crowdfunding is happening not just for
his legal bills but that all the surplus
is going to his family I think that's
got to be important to a man you heard
him say how important his wife and kids
are to him obviously it goes without
saying but the fact that Tommy
emphasized it shows that that's deeply
on his mind
so our crowdfunding is I believe I know
that Tommy has said it's one of the
things that's helped him keep his
spirits high and I'm very grateful to
you for chipping in I'm in constant
touch with the family by email at least
and also by telephone occasionally I
don't want to bug them on the phone that
much but I'm in constant touch with them
giving them updates and checking things
with them checking decisions with them
I'm trying to strike the balance between
pestering them too much but also I want
to make sure that I'm properly
reflecting their wishes it's a you know
it's a difficult thing because I'm not
the boss when we helped Tommy 13 months
ago it's the boss I didn't need to check
with anybody but not the boss now David
Lincoln chipped in 5 bucks Tommy shows
that a sense of humor is necessary in
taking on the globalists absolutely I've
known a few friends who've gone to jail
all of whom went to jail for fairly
political purposes and I admire their
courage for keeping their sense of humor
because I don't know if I would do as
well as my various friends have done
Tommy he's one of them in the Conrad
black there's another one who kept his
sense of humor after and clearly
political
execution it's amazing to me that the
that he did as well as he did
Tommy's done this before but I can't
imagine what it's like being in solitary
confinement all right I'm gonna read
some it's 1237 we got some time if you
want to make some comments put them in a
super chat if you want me to see them
for sure otherwise I'm just gonna pick
some random comments
Lenny Harry says well we'll also made me
wake up some people watching the
football - we can only hope yeah well I
mean Tommy was big into football or as
we say on this side of the Atlantic
soccer any Frank's but that letter was
on the 10th of June before or Sajid
Javid had moved him yes that's right
that's right
but I can confirm that his family met
him yesterday and that little excerpt I
read from Jenna's letter to me was sent
last night
so I'm not going to divulge most of the
letter I just read that one sentence
where Tommy said thanks for the emails
and thanks for the crowdfunding so as of
last night he's fine
universal peace says fake isis attacks
are covered by no diss infocomm they
were banned by YouTube okay but that's a
little bit off off point for the message
so threaded Hugh James you Kip is the
only partner in Britain that is common
sense I like you Kip a lot and they've
achieved a lot but this weekend are we
interviewing anne-marie waters this week
we're interviewing anne-marie waters
this week she's the leader of a new
party called for Britain in the East
lewisham by-election if I'm pronouncing
that right I think you Kip got like 1.7
percent and for Britain got like 1.2
percent so they're both small parties
and I think there has to be a
unification on the right in the UK for
the minica difference
Frank Ewing chips in 10 bucks and says
all this money should go to the security
of Tommy's wife and kids they are the
targets now mm-hmm
well Frank the terms of the save Tommy
crowd fund are clear and they will not
change all of the money raised will go
to cover the legal fees if there is a
surplus that money will go to a fund for
the family that will be directed by
Jenna Tommy's wife so those are the
terms and they will not change
so I guess what I'm saying is I agree
with you but only once the lawyers are
paid fending up I can't decide whether
to join for Britain or you Kip well I've
heard that from a number of people I
think there is a policy difference for
Britain is much more focused on Islam
you Kipp has been wary of that in the
past it's now part of their theme I
don't know if the two can be reconciled
because you keep it's about more than
just Islam much more whereas for Britain
and I'll put the question annamarie
waters when I talk to her this week
fast Heinz o3 nine says freedom from
your stupid religion well even being
able to say the phrase stupid religion I
don't even know which religion you're
referring to that is part of freedom of
speech and that is a form of freedom of
religion to criticize religion and
unfortunately in the UK and in Canada
and elsewhere criticizing Islam seems to
be the one form of religious critique
that's no longer allowed hmm
Tami Putin Suzanne Bell says taking over
the streets to pray is illegal well
Hammond didn't snow this do it anyway in
France well nuts just in France I saw an
image over the weekend of a hundred and
forty thousand people in a public park I
think in Birmingham or Liverpool praying
for the end of Ramadan a hundred and
forty thousand but what was most
interesting was pointed out by the tweet
that i retweeted is there wasn't one
woman in the crowd that's a
transformation in the United Kingdom
John Smith for Britain UK Paul Joseph
Jones Nigel frozen Tommy should join up
I'm sure you mean pollen source of
Watson join up and do what though these
are very different people Tommy is an
activist he said activist journalist
Paul Joseph Watson who I very much
appreciate he's not really an activist
he's a pundit who uses videos and
written news stories it's a very
different from being a street activist
and Nigel Faraj is a member of the
European Parliament for you Kip very
different jobs so team up well but they
do
different things and I think they have a
Venn diagram of overlap but it's not
total Kyle Vincent Zog hydrous some
Muslims are decent people some a part of
the communist design is to occupied
government that's really boring and
stupid and it does not go to the point
of how do we get Tommy out of prison and
it doesn't go to the challenges that
Tommy is against the rape gang trial in
Leeds that Tommy was covering had 29
defendants 27 men two women and the
victims if I'm not mistaken we're all
British girls as young as age 11 what on
earth does zog which is BS stands for
the zionist occupational government what
on earth does communism have to do with
a Pakistani Muslim rape gang raping
raping white and some Sikh British girls
I think I mean it's really tiresome it's
really tiresome man Tom see chipped in
one pound thank you very much I see
Wayne Johnson says Faraj said party
should not be based on religion WTF he's
talking about well that's the thing I
don't think for Britain is based on
religion I think it's sort of the
opposite I mean I don't know what
anne-marie Watters own religion is I
don't think she's particularly religious
she's sort of based on the separation of
mosque and state and how could you not
agree with that andrew senior says hey
ezra do you think the persecution that
tommy has received over the years might
calm down after all this have they
underestimated his support Tommy's
letter is very thoughtful on that don't
you think
he says Lee Rigby was murdered and I
mean Tommy did a video for us on the
subject I think it was I think Tommy did
that for us on the local councillor
whatever won't even allow a memorial for
Lee Rigby on the spot he was murdered so
if he won't even allow a memorial
because it would offend people I think
Tommy went there and talked about was
that Tommy who did that Tommy I'm Tommy
we find it on our can you find the link
to that in fact it's 12:43 can we play
some of that so if if Tommy went to the
memorial for leaving
and there was no memorial because the
local council said we don't want to
upset people if that's what you do for a
British soldier being murdered on the
street is literally as head being sawn
off with a machete by a jihadist then
they'll abide anything and Tommy is
exactly right they want him murdered on
the inside I think there would be riots
in the streets if that happened I don't
want riots in the streets but I think
that would happen
Tommy is of the size where I mean if you
see the rallies right now where he's
just in jail imagine the size of them if
God forbid something bad were to happen
to him that would be awful but that is
one of the reasons we're doing the crowd
fund because that what if is a real
possibility it is a nonzero chance the
Tommy he'll be murdered in prison and a
nonzero chance that he'll be murdered
even if he's out of prison there's a
nonzero chance that police or prison
authorities would be happy that that
happened certainly some people in the
British penal penitentiary system would
like that
the media would be gleeful I put it to
you most journalists would like to see
Tommy Robinson dead most British
journalists yeah most absolutely I think
you can count on one hand fingers the
number of journalists in the UK who are
at all even give Tommy a fair shake let
alone support him I mean really you got
a couple of folks at Breitbart you got
Douglas Murray you got James deling pol
have I listed them all almost I think so
I see another super chat lockni gamers
says Amory waters back to Tommy from the
start you Kip were slamming her
association with him until recently
better late than never for you Kip and
that's why I say that I like Nigel Faraj
and maybe things have to get worse for
Tommy maybe the crowds have to get
bigger before Nigel Frost feel
comfortable I don't know if he will over
and for the reasons I suggested let me
be a little bit more see Marshall says
same before the Rigby I didn't really
pay any attention to politics after he
died I slowly got more involved Hugh
James says about anne-marie waters I
think she's Irish Britain is not I
I think she made the tape well that's
true she's Irish but she said she loves
the UK and I believe she does mrs. Mac
says oh sorry that got bumped another
way but I see a super chat from Keith
Mackintosh need a story on London
cabbies on recent trip I took them
exclusively and they painted the sad
story it's explained to me 50k new uber
vehicles in London making gridlock
obscene in 99% migrants end of a
tradition sad there's a lot of truth to
that there's a lot of truth to that it
used to be UK cabbies in those little
black cabs were a special breed weren't
they and they knew every and yet to take
an exam aunt you know every street and
now uber drivers they using that now I
use uber I won't lie I use uber it's I
love the GPS I love the fact you don't
need to fiddle with a credit card or a
tip or there be a sigh love the fact
that you get the rating of your driver
you know their name you get the emailed
receipt there's a lot of good things
about it but it is true they're killing
a tradition and there is a real ethnic
divide as well there really is I don't
know what to make of it though because
in general and I support Ober I support
this I mean last time I was in the UK I
did take a black cab up to Luton
and it was extraordinarily expensive I
think it was like a 200 pound roundtrip
ticket I can't remember exactly and I
know an uber would have been half man
what are you gonna do David risen air
says just want to say thank you to you
as what you're doing so much for Tommy
god bless you I am doing something but
really all we've done is put in place a
system that hundreds of ordinary people
have done so if you've chipped in money
at save Tommy calm you are part of the
praise that Tommy is is giving from
people who have helped him out
financially and I'm pleased he mentioned
that in this letter from prison
Willy Darren chipped in five boxes as
hot see previous posts look for the leaf
being there with the rebel from day one
Tommy since pre rebel prayers from True
North strong and free thanks for that
I think I'm caught up with the super
chest do we have the tummy video it's a
it's a short periscope video but we'll
play it right now at least a portion of
here's Tommy investigating the Lee Rigby
Memorial so if you just come in live
I'll wait for some people to log on
initially how's your luck we are in
village why are we in Willets we're at
the destination and the point that Lee
Rigby was horrific Liam brutally
murdered the reason for that is that
yesterday the day before village council
come and they removed things that people
would let believe Rigby why are people
leaving things here this all could be
solved if we'll each council put a
permanent memorial to Lee Rigby and the
destination that he was butchered and
murdered similar to the laden odometer
the Stephen Lawrence Memorial where
Stephen Lawrence was killed
they took paving stone up like this they
put Stephen Lawrence's name there and
lightly so lightly so okay now what
you've seen put up in the last day since
they've removed now we've just come
because what I think this is about it's
about we'll each council who wants to
remove any history of lyric B's name in
this area so we've just put this and
we'll continue to put this until they
get a memorial for leaving be at the
destination we've just put this up fine
I can
sorry wait so every live in your white
so hello buddy are you like warrior how
you doing you're hey domain are you
local to this area Tommy couldn't find
anyone who was opposed to a proper
memorial Tommy did a show on the subject
- but I don't propose to show you a clip
from that because he was in studio
talking about it that showed he was
right there yeah what's the point why do
we show that because if they're not
willing to even have a plaque marking
where Lee Rigby was murdered the
government thinks they can just throw
Lee Rigby down the memory hold you
remember that word that's a weird word
isn't it it's it's a word from the book
1984 by George Orwell the hero of that
book it's been a few years since I've
read that I should read it again the
hero of the book his name is Winston no
surprise Orwell wasn't subtle about that
so Winston's job on going from memory
here he worked in the Ministry of Truth
which of course was the propaganda
ministry and you remember what his job
was his job was to take newspapers cut
out the news stories that were suddenly
to be revised
throw that in down the memory hole and
paste in a new story to revise history
so if airstrip one which is I think what
they called the UK was at war with
Eastasia or Eurasia forget what the
countries were called so if they were at
war with country number one and then
they stopped being a war with country
number one made an alliance and had war
with country number two Winston's job
was to go through all the newspapers cut
out the old news stories throw them down
the memory hole that's what the cup he
incinerator and put in a new news story
or we've always been a war with Eurasia
oh we've always been a peace with
Eurasia his job was to revise history
and to do so so many times he never
really even remembered what the original
truth was because when you just clipped
out a fake news story to put in a new
fake news story well which one was the
original one you don't even know
it's you know I'm gonna reread that book
it's a very short book I recommended
Animal Farm is another outstanding book
by or well Tommy's point is would people
even remember if Lee Rigby was thrown
down the memory hole would people
remember if Tommy was thrown down the
memory hole can I say one more thing
about 1984 its 1252 so I got a few
minutes it's a terrifying book it's it's
the article book about authoritarianism
that book is actually in my I remember
telling someone about this book and I
said it's not it's not even about that
it's mainly I said about new speak and
you know what I think that's there's
something to it
new speak was the language that they
invented in 1984 to replace regular
English and the purpose of new speak was
to focus focus focus and narrow the
bandwidth for what you were allowed to
think because if there was no word for
freedom let's say then you couldn't
articulate a feeling or a value or a
principle and the idea of Newspeak was
how many words are there in the English
language do you think there's 40,000
words that anyone really uses probably
the average person uses only 10,000
words most of the time 20,000 words that
they're a bit of a show-off maybe so how
many words are there in English I mean
if you use obscure where let's say
40,000 words the idea of Newspeak was to
get that down to maybe 2,000 words and
just to use lots of like double plus
ungood so you just have good and you
wouldn't have the word bad you would
have good and then ungood and then if
something was super ungood it would be
double ungood and then the worst thing
would be double plus on good you see
what I mean
so you just have one word good and it's
either good or not and good and ungood
and double on good and double plus on
good you see what I mean just get the
language down to almost nothing and
there was this one passage in 1984 I'm
going from memory maybe it's been 10
years since I'm ready where did this
where the discussion of this was that
you could not even say things like we
the people
hold these truths to be self-evident one
people united under God I'm just going
yeah I'm starting misquoting there but
you know something like the American
Declaration of Independence or the
American Constitution or any document of
freedom he'll Braveheart and some of his
you couldn't say those you wouldn't have
the vocabulary so the idea of Newspeak
was to homogenize and regulate all our
words well can you tell me if there's
any difference between new speakers or
well described it versus how Facebook
YouTube Google Twitter are narrowing the
bandwidth for what you can say and what
you can't say and they're being enforced
by social media Titans and by the police
908 speech cops in the metropolitan
London area
would you say would you agree with me
that so many aspects of 1984 have come
true including I think the central story
of neither the central subtext which is
the destruction of the freedom of
language its 12:55 we've got five more
minutes let me read some more comments
lauren southern spot the masculine way
Danny but they will rewrite the truth in
that way well that's why they're trying
to crack down on alternative media
because that's where people have fled
whether it's brexit Donald Trump or in
Ontario Doug Ford people just they're
turning off the state broadcasters in
the corporate media that's why the
censorship has moved from the state was
still there with the state but it has
spread into social media
John MSS London London is the original
shithole I know a lot of Londoners who
would agree obviously it's still one of
the world's most amazing cities but it
is allowing itself to be undone and in
many ways I saw a meme the other day
Sadek can says terrorism is just part
and parcel of life in a big city
remember he said that part and parcel of
a big city and then the other panel on
the meme was Tokyo Japan
I don't think they've had a terrorist
incident there since that crazy subway
attacker that you know cult leaders name
I can't remember it's been like 30 years
have they had a terrorist incident since
that one kooky cult member like 30 years
ago
part-and-parcel life in tokyo is it
Mango Tango Tomi is a hero
end of the line Joel thanks for the lime
stream Ezra you're welcome
VM Parliament answer is there way that
liberals can force a carbon tax in
Ontario well there will they will try to
do so and just the same way they're
gonna try and force it on Saskatchewan
it looks to me like Doug Ford in Ontario
Scott Moe in Saskatchewan and next year
Jason Kenney and Alberta will take the
other side of that legal argument I'm
sure it will go to court and I hope the
provinces when I don't know the answer
in advance but I'm glad they're fighting
Tara Aldo 24 says Farley mob we need
more popcorn do flourescent says saticon
is a slim wall corrupt official I don't
know if he's corrupt but I know he's
ideologically contrary to British
traditions and of course before he was
mayor he was a lawyer for accused
terrorists or their associates Jay a
says yes brother double plus good you
see what I mean
I mean sometimes people are show-offs
with language I I sometimes use big
words just because I use the word
defenestration the other day to talk
about Patrick brand it's a beautiful
word it comes from the word for window
you know what window is in France
fenetre so to defenestrate someone is to
throw them out the window is that a
great word Patrick Brown was
defenestrated thrown out the window so
you know a word like that how you're not
gonna use it I think one of my favorite
words I ever used I used it in the Sun
column they took it out cuz there's too
fancy was the Greek word for a navel
gazer and arm fallow skeptic as someone
who's literally gazing at their
umbilical cord okay that's too that's
too ridiculous a word to use but besides
just showing off and as mind exercises
and stretches there's a reason there are
that there are tens of thousands of
words in the English language is a
reason why Shakespeare had to create so
many words had to claim them is because
the human mind the human imagination the
human experience the human heart has so
many different thoughts and feelings and
emotions and desires and ideas and life
is so full of things that you need to
describe them as they are
whereas Newspeak is no know that
is dangerous you've had too much to
think sir so we have to restrict you to
these thousand words and you can't say
you can't speak outside of those limits
and that's what they're doing on key
subjects like radicalism they're doing
on other subjects too transgenderism
there's no faster way to get banned on
Twitter than to say the word tranny
that's just the word that's just how it
is
we got one minute left I'll read one
more comment oh yeah I think I missed
some super Chester we read them quickly
Andrews senior says come on England
there you go cop ID this hour says the
average English vocabulary is about
22,000 words
yeah that sounds about right to me and I
and there are some people we all know
them who love using fancy words and
sometimes they don't even use them right
I probably plead guilty to that bit
myself that's not the point the point is
imagine someone who says I don't want to
create words I want to destroy them I
don't want to you know I don't want
poetry I don't want Shakespeare who
probably wrote more words coined more
words than anyone else in history no we
want to be the anti Shakespeare's we
want to retire words destroy words make
them unusable that's who we're up
against my friends it's almost 1:00
o'clock but I think this is a good point
to end if you want to read Tommy's
letter in full you can see the link
underneath the video panel here and it
made me feel good that Tommy in his
letter of a week or so ago and in his
private note the missus sent to me last
night said the two things that are
keeping his spirits high besides his
family of course was the public shows of
support including emails and the
crowdfunding I didn't realize it was so
important to his spirits but he thinks
about his family and I feel great that
we've got his family we were supporting
them while Tommy is out of action
hopefully he'll be back in the action
soon I see by the clock on my computer
it's 1:00 p.m.
let me have all of us here rubber world
headquarters to you around the world
goodbye keep fighting for freedom
you
