the World Cup kicked off on Thursday and
there seems to be many intriguing
storylines pertaining to those countries
that begin with the letter I
from the inexplicable rise of Iceland to
the inglorious exclusion of Israel I
shall explain I'm not a soccer fan but
every four years I give the so-called
beautiful game another shot much like
Charlie Brown believing that this time
Lucy will actually hold the football in
place hope abounds and disappointment
usually takes lease this time around I
think many of the intriguing storylines
pertain to those nations that begin with
the letter I for starters Italy Toronto
has a huge Italian population so it just
doesn't seem like a typical World Cup
turn even that Italy shockingly failed
to qualify this year indeed for the
first time in six decades the Azzurri
are a wall and one can still feel the
sadness emanating from the cafes of hog
towns Little Italy yet how did the
winner of four previous World Cups
failed to make the grade this year
essentially the Italian failure speaks
to what happens when one embraces
nepotism over merit Italian fans tell me
the team's management was way too loyal
to veteran players who were too aged to
compete in a game that is increasingly
beholden to speed like the Cormac
McCarthy novel No Country for Old Men
soccer is no sport for old men either
the second eye is Iceland
how can a European nation of just 335
thousand people possibly be competitive
with countries on that continent that
boasts 20 times that population
you just gotta cheer on the statistical
anomaly that is Iceland
soccer's version of the NHL's Vegas
Golden Knights next on the I list Iran
as a casual fan the question arises does
one boo Iran do
to that country's odious regime or does
one cheer for Iran to show solidarity
with the oppressed Iranians many of whom
are pro West and greatly desire regime
change I'm going to cheer Iran the
Persian population deserves an
opportunity to get excited over
something in a good way
besides I somehow ended up with Iran and
the rebels world cup the final eye is
Israel alas Israel as per usual is not
one of the 32 countries competing in
this year's tournament and this speaks
to the everlasting shame of FIFA the
world's governing body of soccer
even though geographically Israel is
situated in the Middle East
incredibly Israel must qualify for the
World Cup as a European team why well to
appease those Islamist Republic's in the
Mideast that will not share the same
pitch with those who the Quran refers to
as the sons of pigs and apes it is an
absolute disgrace that FIFA would allow
itself to be corrupted by the odious
bullies of the Middle East and it is an
added tragedy that Israel the only true
democracy in the Middle East will likely
never qualify for the World Cup given
the strength of European teams indeed
the hate on for Israel is so great and
the capitulation to bullying is so due
rigueur that last week
Argentina canceled its final World Cup
exhibition match against Israel the game
was to take place in Jerusalem but the
professional Palestinian protesters well
they ramped up their rhetoric stating it
was a very bad idea for Argentina to
come to Jerusalem
translation hey amigos you don't want to
end up going to Russia via air ambulance
do you
now what's profoundly said about that
game being canceled is the number of
Palestinian soccer fans who were denied
a chance to see a world-class soccer
powerhouse like Argentina headed up by a
superstar like Lionel Messi alas yet
again the Palestinian leadership proven
they are world
when it comes to two things spreading
toxic propaganda and spreading around
misery for their own people
even so apologists argue that a FIFA
were to allow Israel to qualify as a
Mideast team there would be a good
possibility that all the other countries
in that region would boycott the
tournament meaning Israel would be that
region's only representative you want to
know something folks works for me
finally I have a bonus I as an eye for
invoice my fears were realized on the
eve of the current World Cup when North
America was selected by FIFA as the
hosts for the tournament in 2026
this means of course billions of dollars
will have to be invested in building new
stadia or upgrading existing play pens
all for a tournament that lasts barely a
month and an event that likely won't
return for many many decades to come and
so it is that Canadian American and
Mexican taxpayers will be on the hook
for yet another sporting sinkhole ie
indeed for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the Bible
with you wherever you go
you
