welcome back well we spoke with him
yesterday about a case involving freedom
of speech at the Ottawa Public Library
while he's in town John carpe is here to
talk to us about a disaster at the
Supreme Court of Canada a disaster for
religious liberty for freedom of
association and for the idea of
precedence that law can be relied on and
not just changed with every political
fashion joining me now is John carp a
John nice to see you again we're talking
about the case of Trinity Western
University which is a small Christian
University in BC that wanted to have a
law school and I'll just give our
viewers a little bit of background and
I'll throw to you for the news today I
mean it's a Trinity is a small school
academically it's successful no one none
of its critics said this law school
would be deficient academically in any
sense but because it's a Christian
school they asked their students to sign
a Christian code of conduct no drinkin
no swearing no gambling no sex except
for inside a Christian marriage a
traditional marriage of a man emits no
premarital or extramarital sex well you
don't like that don't go to that
Christian school but lost societies in
three provinces said we are not going to
even accept graduates from this
university because it's a bigoted place
and we simply will not even if the
students are brilliant and excellent
lawyers we banned them they're
blackballed and today John the Supreme
Court of Canada upheld bad blackballing
seventy two seventy two seven two two I
thought that freedom of religion freedom
of association would allow a Christian
school to be Christian i I thought that
was actually in our constitution
Christian schooling well there's so many
things appalling about this decision and
one of them is just the utter it's not
even a lack of respect it's almost a
contempt for religious freedom that the
majority says this is just trivial for
Trinity Western University to repudiate
its own
of conduct which by the way every
University has a code of conduct but it
just just repudiate it get over it
already
and you know drop your opposition to sex
outside of marriage and and you can
still have an authentic Christian Law
School
I mean that would be like like telling
an Orthodox Jewish school you know drop
your prohibition on pork and allow
non-jewish kids to come to your school
and bring their pork sandwich for lunch
and just get over it you can still be a
good Jewish school and allow pork
sandwiches to be eaten there it just
it's just complete contempt for what is
a pillar of human dignity it's your
right my right to not just believe but
also live out and practice your faith
well you know what's so crazy about this
is the school itself is not being forced
to do anything it's graduates from this
school are being blackballed am i right
so this school can proceed and it can
graduate students those students just
will never be allowed to practice law in
Canada and that's what the Supreme Court
is actually upheld am i right yeah the
if Trinity westrom goes ahead with and
with their law school which I don't know
if they will or not but if they do go
ahead with it
and spend the money and hire the law
profs and so on and so forth then the
graduates from that law school will not
be eligible to practice law yeah so
that's the thing it's not even the
school itself is not touched by these
law societies in a way I understand what
I'm getting in a way it's you can have a
you can have a gay student you can have
a liberal conservative you can have you
could have I mean there are gay
graduates of Trinity Western absolutely
who by the way have filed affidavits in
court stating that it's a warm and
welcoming and accepting environment
where it was safe to come out so you can
have a an out of the closet gay student
at Trinity there you can be a Christian
gay student you don't even have to be
Christian to go to Trinity Western you
just have to there are Muslims there
they're atheists there it's it's
University so you can get a great
education you can be in a warm
open-minded progress you could be
a graduate it's the graduate that is
being pre judged as being not a
legitimate lawyer to me that's actually
far worse John is that they're saying in
advance we haven't met any of these
lawyer graduates we haven't they haven't
done anything wrong they don't even
exist yet
but we know in advance that they must be
blackballed from the profession it's
actually not the law school itself that
is the big loser it's any student that
would dare say I believe in that code of
conduct even the gay kids who went there
so I believe in that code of conduct
they are it is a pure anti-christian
bigotry unfortunately it is bigotry I
would love to disagree with you on this
and say you know no as where you're
wrong they're deciding on the finer
points of law but this is basically a an
attack on a Christian institution and
it's so cowardly and and it's
hypocritical they're not doing this to
Brigham Young University Mormon
University of latter-day saints similar
code of conduct all kinds of Christian
universities Catholic universities in
the u.s. that have a code of conduct
that says no sex outside of marriage
universities around the world I mean and
there's Muslim universities around the
world and they're grabs are allowed to
practice and their grads can come into
Canada and all they have to do is take
say 12 months of equivalency courses and
presto they're in yeah and that
equivalents he's got nothing to do with
the religious nature it's you know do
you know you're Canadian do you know
you're Canadian contract and and
Constitution so you can you can go to
al-azhar university in Cairo which is
familiar with it but Karachi University
of Karachi you okay you okay and and you
just long as you prove you can you
understand Canadian contracts you're
good to go
you can move to Canada and take you know
12 months or maybe in some cases you
know a little bit more than 12 months
but you take your Canadian equivalency
courses and away you go
I got a question for you there was a
case more than a dozen years ago in BC
involving the BC Teachers College
precedents you would think and and see
the
call training Western University same
school yeah same code of conduct same
thing that the teachers call it says we
don't like your Christian nature so
we're blackballing any student teachers
the Supreme Court ruled was over two one
eight two one eight two one in favor
attorney Western so what what year was
that case was only fifteen years ago
so from fifteen years we went from same
school same code of conduct beats BC
Teachers College it's the same school
same code of conduct law colleges and
all of a sudden that the freedom of
association freedom and religion is gone
what the law societies would say all of
these cases are fundamentally different
but that's it couldn't be more identical
similar yeah I'm furious but who are the
two judges who voted on the side of
Trinity Western I'm Russell Brown and
justice Cote you know as I asked that
you mentioned the Jewish thing I know
there's two or three Jews on the Supreme
Court
Rosalia Bela I've just forgotten the
night the other one I don't I'm sorry I
don't want to guess you know this was a
Jewish school I wonder what they would
have said well and I wonder what they
would have said to a Muslim scum the
language in the decision it is so
political they talk about diversity and
equality without defining equality right
you know what be for or against equality
depending on what do you mean exactly by
that well we know for a fact that dozens
and dozens and dozens of Sharia
compliant Muslim groups in Canada got
their summer jobs grant from Justin
Trudeau when more than 1500 Christian
groups didn't get the summer grant from
Justin Trudeau I say that this is
anti-christian bigotry and what do you
do when your Supreme Court of Canada the
last Court of Appeal says yeah
Christians to get over it yeah get over
it
that's that's what says get over it
you've got your community covenant but
so what we're not going to respect that
and you know what's sad is the whole
model of the Charter the way it's
supposed to be that the concept is
you've got these politicians which might
pander to the mob and they might be
populist
they might trample on rights and
freedoms and frankly there are times you
can put too many examples in history
we're crushing Rights and Freedoms is
wildly popular amongst the people so the
idea is but we've got this Charter and
we've got these judges to protect us
from these pockets are the mob judges
are the Vanguard now you've got the the
judges are you know cheering on the
social justice warriors what this means
is that people have to be more engaged
in the democratic process to elect
pro-freedom
people than ever before because because
we can't count on the judges to defend
our free society we have to elect
pro-freedom people I think out of the
nine judges six or Harper appointees
something like that because you've just
made an appointment didn't he yes yes oh
yes six out of nine are our Harper and
he didn't move the needle one bit you
know now Donald Trump people so he's not
a real conservative really he's made the
most outstanding judicial appointments
Stephen Harper dropped the ball in two
things in my view the CBC he didn't
privatize it and he abandoned the courts
to the social justice activist Ai I can
name on one hand he had nine years a few
good judges yeah like a second 20 of
them on one hand yeah he he could have
transformed the judiciary and I'm not
saying to be activist right-wing just
interpret the law as it was written
stary decisis let's stand the precedent
I find this is deeply undemocratic and
I'm I despair because if if you can't
get your justice formally properly
through the courts what is left it's you
know it's scary for the future because
when the courts are not upholding the
rule of law and if the politicians don't
get it
consequences can be scary when there's a
backlash it won't be pretty you know it
sounds crazy but I wish this had been a
Muslim school I might have had a
different outcome poll might have it
would have it would have because this
social justice activist court would have
said oh well in the name of diversity in
the name we will allow a Muslim law
school because I'm so frustrated John
but I know you fought the good fight
with the Justice Center for
constitutional freedoms we've had
you want to talk about this a dozen
times before you fought the good fight
is an intervener at the first and second
occasions here I know you're undaunted
in your larger mission and I wish you
good luck and the websites jccc f dot c
a.j c CFC a and you know what it's it's
a bad day for justice but we're gonna
keep on fighting because the worst thing
you can do is to throw up your hands and
despair and say or we're going home
we're not playing anymore
no we will we'll just keep on fighting
these fights and you win some you lose
some
what gets me is this is so transparent
this is existing incumbent establishment
lawyers keeping out Christian lawyers
it's bad enough how club' the law is but
they're saying we don't want Christian
lawyers I think Christians ought to
deploy themselves into the legal sphere
because they're so clearly being
blackballed and if I'm Jewish myself but
if I were a Christian of any salt in if
I had any saltiness to me making a very
poor allusion to the the phrase salt
that it's not lost its saltiness I would
understand that the law and the courts
is where this country is being ruled
from and I would try and get on the
inside like you're doing John I'm angry
I'm angry but I'm gonna stop there
because I'll just rant keep up the fight
my friend and you were you were a
freedom fighter that all of us Jewish
Christian Muslim right if he's can get
behind thanks to having me on your show
hi what's nice to see you that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
