the Inspector General report was dropped
yesterday and it has many conservatives
especially me very fired up about what
looks like a cover-up the long-awaited
Department of Justice and Specter
general report dropped yesterday and it
was absolutely as a lackluster and
disappointing as I thought it would be
the report does nothing but say well
maybe people broke some FBI rules now I
want to make it seem like that's not the
case but I'm telling you that somebody
was in law enforcement alongside law
enforcement in covering law enforcement
for 25 years this was a whitewash this
smells to me of a cover-up let me put it
in perspective this report basically
said well people did some things wrong
and yeah we're gonna refer him back to
the FBI for internal investigation they
may have inappropriately texted some
things that may have seen bias but in
reality there wasn't one criminal
referral nobody would be held a task and
they didn't even they didn't even have
the decency who ever published the final
report as remember many conservatives
myself included were concerned this
report was held back for a while after
Inspector General Horowitz completed his
investigation now he's an Obama
appointee and an old friend of James
Comey I'm not saying I've got tremendous
faith in that guy either but why did the
DOJ sit on this report why didn't the
pure unfiltered Raw report come out
immediately begs that begs many
questions now we're gonna get in a
moment into Christopher a the FBI
directors embarrassingly embarrassingly
weak press conference he should be
replaced this morning but let's talk
about this report and many many things
in this report we're gonna run through
them and I'm gonna run through amid a
list of them somebody look at my screen
a lot telling you certain things that
jumped out in the report that I and
others found one of the things that
really left out at me and many others
with regards to this report worthy
texts those newly discovered texts that
the OIG had at DOJ had when never given
a Congress between Peter stroke and Lisa
page I don't understand in any way shape
or form how the Inspector General could
have read these texts and concluded that
there was no political bias on the part
of the FBI and of course the text I'm
talking about is the following if you
haven't read it hope you're sitting down
lissa page the FBI lawyer texted Peter
stroke one of Muller's senior
investigators a senior counterterrorism
agent at the FBI
the agent who interviewed Michael Flynn
general Flynn and I believe framed him
lisa page texted quote from snot ever
going to become president right right
and Peter stroke responded no no he
won't
we'll stop it no no he won't
we'll stop it
now despite that despite that horowitz's
report
found that Peter stroke and Lisa pages
political views did not influence their
work who in the world would believe that
this is beyond bad this is beyond
whitewashing now many people many
conservatives out there on Twitter most
notably Robbie Starbuck Robbie's a
really good guy
he's a he's an interesting character
he's a very successful music video
producer in Hollywood who's a friend of
mine he's also very very conservative
big Trump supporter president retweeted
him last week
he's an anomaly in Hollywood but he's
talented enough guy and established
enough in the industry where he doesn't
he's not affected by his politics so he
and many others and I may go through
some of their tweets and and read you
some of the things they found but many
of the things that we were all finding
were the text messages let me read you
this room from Robbie's feet I'm gonna
read you different things that people
found in their feeds and the things I
found
ah here here are some more texts that
hadn't been publicized from page and
stroke from Lisa page Trump barely spoke
now remember I'm reading these to you as
I want you to remember that the
Inspector General found that Peter
stroke and Lisa page did not let their
political views and their political bias
influence their work
Lisa page quote Trump barely spoke the
first thing out of his mouth was quote
we're going to win so big the whole
thing is like living in a bad dream
stroke Trump is a disaster I have no
idea how these stabilizing his
presidency would be broke this went to a
southern Virginia Walmart I could smell
the Trump support page lease page what
the New York time probability numbers
are dropping every day I'm scared for
our organization
broke Jill Stein and moron Gary Johnson
her effing everything up to
Paige Lisa Paige I bought all the
President's Men figure I needed to brush
up on water day I I just I am beside
myself
I am absolutely beside myself now an
agent that was not identified as there
are many many damning communications in
the inspector general's report with
people listed as FBI employee in this
case agent number five agent number five
quote I would rather have brunch with
Trump and a bunch of his supporters like
the ones from Ohio that are retarded
these are FBI employees hmm another FBI
employee number one I mean I never
really liked the Republic anyway
FBI employee two said I mean I never
really liked me in public of the
Republic anyway
as I have initiated the destruction of
the Republic would you be so kind as to
have coffee with me this afternoon
you've seen these but there were in the
report again after Hillary Clinton lost
FBI attorney to I am numb FBI employee I
can't stop crying FBI attorney - that
makes me even more sad FBI employee like
what happened FBI employee you promised
me this wouldn't happen you promised
about Trump winning the election this is
the FB I this is the FBI being your
senior people being your people
I read this was five hundred and
something pages reading it now this is
really interesting this is really really
interesting five minutes in Vedas
reading it was like I couldn't believe
this was happening inside our FBI inside
our DOJ this is an FBI agent working on
the clinton investigation responding to
some questions from another FBI agent
about witnesses on behalf of hillary
clinton or witnesses who had material
information on hillary clinton coming in
uh and this witness so here this is from
the report me read it to you in another
exchange on february 4th 2016 agent one
and an FBI employee who was not assigned
to the mid year investigation mid-year
mid-year exam was the code name for the
hillary clinton investigation discussed
agent ones interview with a witness who
assisted the Clintons at the Chappaqua
residence part of this exchange Polo's
FBI employee quote boom how did the
witness go agent one awesome lied his
ass off went from never inside the skiff
a skip as a sensitive compartmented
information facility or you review
top-secret s CI information went from
never inside the skiff at residents to
looked in when it was being constructed
to remove the trash twice the
troubleshot secure facts with Hillary
Rodham Clinton a couple of times you
every time there was a secure facts I
did it with HRC redic would be funny if
he was the only guy charged in this deal
I know for a one-zero-zero-one
even if he said the truth and didn't
have a clearance when you handling the
secure facts ain't no one gonna do s hmm
in other words these two FBI investigate
what an FBI investigator and an FBI
employee knew that someone who worked
for Hillary Clinton was lying to them
knew it knew it and also knew that no
one at the FBI or DOJ was gonna do a
damned thing about it yet the Inspector
General found that James Comey did not
let political bias creep in to the
Hillary Clinton investigation she was
not given preferential treatment
this is in URI ating
in eure ating
ah I
it's just amazing read through this
report last night was up very very late
and I I'm not a conspiracy theorist I've
never been you know that you know that
and I'm a lot more emotional I'm a lot
more obsessed than I've been on the show
in a very long time considerably more
this is a travesty is an insult to
America to the rule of law to the
Constitution
haribol this is terrible
terrible
the implication of this now it doesn't
it doesn't
hey to read you much more doesn't pay to
read you much more and as I go through
this it
it's Imperium in other X but let's let's
analyze now fall out what we know is
that justice will never be done okay
they put in perspective free if an FBI
agent I might have told you this
yesterday I've been saying this quite
if an FBI agent was at home with their
daughter the daughter was sick home from
school little kid and the family had two
cars one was in the shop and the FBI
agents wife took the other car to work
or husband I want to be perceived to be
a Mossad
the spouse took the car to where and the
only vehicle left at home was the FBI
agents work car the government they call
the official government vehicle the ogv
or Ogier official government automobile
depending on the agency
if the FBI agent off-duty
bed there kid
down the couch I'm gonna run to
Walgreens get you some coffee soon and
they took the car you can fish a
government car and ran to a Walgreens
drugstore my neighborhood my Walgreens
is literally walking distance three
blocks from my house and they made that
six block roundtrip and somebody
complained a neighbor said hey we just
saw the FBI agent using their taxpayer
government-funded car to go to Walgreens
okay
that would be an automatic 45 to 60 day
suspension
think about that
now I have friends who are DEA DEA it's
an automatic 30 to 60-day suspension for
simply using your government car you
know you know intoxicated you're not
impaired you're simply running an errand
six bucks but you use the government
vehicle taxpayer-funded to do it
a thirty to sixty days suspension
depending on the agency
no questions asked policy set in stone
yet seeing your FBI officials weaponized
their offices seeing your DOJ officials
weaponize their offices to rig the
presidential election on behalf of
Hillary Clinton and the Inspector
General's Office says might be something
might be nothing let's kick it back to
FBI to investigate internally this now
let me explain this to you because they
they were they're relying on the fact
the general public doesn't understand
the intricacies but I do I do
in the report they refer five FBI
employees probably is a page and others
for investigation and many people who
are trying they still believe in those
conspiracy theory five D chess and Jeff
Sessions is a silent assassin behind the
scenes and he's got a team of
prosecutors he they referred five for
investigation you don't know what you're
talking about Cardillo know you don't
know what you're talking about
it means nothing investigation sounds
scary right well retail store security
guards conduct investigations on
shoplifters
it means they grab somebody that they're
choplifter they look at the videotape
they say yeah that's them that's an
investigation okay this investigation is
going back to FBI OPR the Office of
Professional Responsibility understand
something it's being kicked down not
escalated okay in de-escalated OPR looks
at everything everything the most minor
thing
OPR looks at the use of the car OPR
looks at an FBI agent accused the
discourtesy when when conducting an
investigation the FBI came to my
business your agent was rude they they
didn't identify themselves properly the
most minor things if now if FBI gets a
complaint or DEA or ATF or any agency
about anything as innocuous as your
agent was rude to your agent is up then
dealing drugs
OPR gets it first if it's deemed to be
more egregious criminal it goes to OIG
the Department of Justice oh IJ as long
as the agency falls under did other
agencies have their own alleges if it
was a great service if we go to Homeland
Security so IJ but it would go to OIG of
the respective parent agency FBI
obviously is under DOJ
what Oh IG is saying is that these
things are not serious enough for us
anymore we're gonna kick them back to
OPR these are internal administrative
issues they're not big issues that
require inspector-general involvement
the reason I'm so fired up is that I
worked inside I know how it works
this is a whitewash last week I said to
you I think it's gonna be a dud a few
days ago I said I think it's gonna be a
dud it's gonna justify a few firings and
no one's gonna get prosecuted this is
one look I love making predictions
giving you analysis that turns out to be
right
it's why you watch me okay that's what
my job is to do my homework
tap my experience to be right this is
one that I am sickened that I was right
about
but I was
to fight commis firing maybe I mean come
he could have been fired for any reason
the president's in the clear it helps
the president because it did justify
commis firing combined with the
Rosenstein letter well how could the
president have obstructed justice if now
the Inspector General appointed by
Barack Obama is saying Comey handled his
job improperly he he defied Authority he
was insubordinate those are all fireable
offenses so Muller's assertion that
Comey was fired and it was obstruction
of justice just got tossed on its head
well that's a win for the president but
about the only win for the president
America lost the rule of law lost the
United States Constitution lost
lost they all lost today yesterday
this is disgraceful this is absolutely
disgraceful the President of the United
States needs to immediately immediately
without delay immediately fire jeff
Sessions fire rod Rosenstein and fire
robert muller now I know the likelihood
of that is slim and fire Christopher Rae
the FBI director his press conference
was abysmal he basically said I don't
care what you think of the FBI I don't
see any problems here we're gonna do
some ethical training and by the way we
only accept 5% of our honors interns it
was it was a babbling mess of weakness
his press conference Christopher Rae and
James call me a prime examples of why
you should not have Department of
Justice lawyers who've never carried a
gun never kicked the door and never
tackled the bad guy running the FBI
contrast them with Tom Holman who runs
ice a hard-charging cop a guy like Tom
Holman would have the FBI in shape in a
week
president eats the fire ray he needs
fire sessions Rosen Tina Muller
immediately DOJ and FBI need a
housecleaning and gallons thousands of
gallons of bleach poured on them to
sanitize the place and then maybe just
then they'll restore their credibility
but what immediately needs to be done I
mean in the next 10 minutes is the
President of the United States needs to
appoint a second special Council which
he can constitutionally do he doesn't
need the AG to do it
he needs to appoint a second special
Council so that justice can be done is
this this is an absolute disgrace this
is about the most important content I've
ever brought to you as it shows how
corrupt our government really is help me
do this every day by subscribing to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org
download the rebel app as always thanks
so much for watching you have a great
weekend I'll see you on Monday
