here's a video reimagining of Jordan
Peterson versus the left-wing press this
past month
you had the four words suggesting he
enabled anti-semitism you had the New
York Times calling him the custodian of
the patriarchy and Peterson just
bulldoze over all of them but one
accusation we haven't seen yet is that
Jordan Peterson who has kids is
apparently an in cell or someone who
tries but is unable to get a sexual
partner of course
calling Peterson and in cell besides
having no basis in reality
also comparison to the Toronto van
attacker it's an accusation only a fool
would make but don't worry this
professor has got us covered
let me introduce you to Bloomsburg
University of Pennsylvania philosophy
professor Wendy Lynne lead whose
favorite topics of research seem to be
feminism and Karl Marx weird how those
go together so often these days I
reached out to Lee mainly because of a
tweet I saw in which she called Jordan
Peterson and in celle she deleted the
tweet when I came a-knockin but I'm not
sure if she's aware of this capitalist
invention called technology which allows
me to take screenshots so let's take a
look Jordan Peterson insell misogynist
committed white nationalist it looks
like she tries and fails to link to a
database she obsessively updates where
she has apparently chronicled Peterson's
decent into rank bigotry so I'm supposed
to take you seriously when you a don't
know what an in cell is and be it can't
spell more on that in a bit I reached
out to Peterson and he said that Lee has
decided that it's entirely acceptable to
be careless with her words in
relationship to me and my putative
beliefs academics whose trade in stock
is words should know better
she clearly believes one that her
ill-advised statements are warranted
which they are not and two that such
actions however ill-advised are
acceptable ethically and factually one
of the biggest ideological struggles
I've had over the past year or so has
been deciding whether progressives like
Lee smear others out of ignorance or out
of malice I used to think it was just
that they were simply stupid but when
peak stupidity comes so often from such
highly educated people you can't help
but wonder if it's
down out of spite with an end justifies
the means mentality I think Gavin's also
beginning to think that way
Peterson like any reasonable person had
no idea why Wendy branded him a white
nationalist and said I would counsel
those who wish to bring forward such
groundless accusations to be duly
cautious such shots in the dark have a
nasty habit of backfiring they
definitely do offered in the form of
purity spirals in which you can never be
quite progressive enough but what's
hilarious about the left is their utter
shock whenever anyone mocks or responds
a bit aggressively to their dictates
from on high like how dare you get angry
with me when I call you a white
supremacist Nazi this professor got a
bit of backlash of her own after she
posted an upside-down American flag and
signs reading biggest hole in the
world is Donald Trump's racist soul in
her office window overlooking Bloomsburg
squad Wendy also obsessively updates a
database of white nationalist sources
which along with Peterson apparently
include Gavin McInnes that's supposed to
be an Ian on an I in his last name and
Jewish radio host Dennis Prager there
doesn't need to be one of those E's
there and you know other notorious white
nationalists like Jewish writers Ben
Shapiro and David Horowitz while she
might not know how to spell it
Wendy's certainly no stranger to
hyperbole and utter fabrication she's
even made a special spot for yours truly
who's apparently a hit piece writer
that's pretty neat I mean I prefer a
tack dog or propagandist but I'm honored
to be included in such a list of
conservative and libertarian luminaries
in any capacity and of course like a dog
with a new toy wendy has latched on to
the term alt-right which she applies
with just as much tact it's not just
Trump who's alt right no apparently
Turning Point USA whose mission is to
educate students about the importance of
fiscal responsibility free markets and
limited government is also alt right as
well as the College watchdog campus
reform
Gavin's proud boys group the list goes
on but it seems like the professor has
changed her mind about at least one
thing whether willingly or not a few
hours after her
ah si responds to me she tweeted an
apology for calling Peterson and insel
and white nationalists she mentions a
threat to sue for libel hmm well as
Peterson said shots in the dark have a
nasty habit of backfiring for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shocked if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
