I'm Ezra Levant it's June 15th and
you're watching battleground hello my
friends and whatever foes are here it's
nice to see you again my name is Ezra
Levant I'm the president of the rebel
dot media were based in Toronto but we
have viewers around the world every day
at 12:00 noon eastern time we have a
one-hour live chats and as you can see
comments flow on the right-hand side of
the screen I try and read as many as I
can and every Friday we call it free for
all around Fridays where we really try
and get through comments that's the
dominant part of the show on Fridays
whereas Monday to Thursday we have video
clips and other things we go through if
you want your comment to be put in
bright highlighted color you can use a
feature that YouTube calls super chat
and for a couple of dollars your comment
is put in a bright highlighted color and
it really stands out and I see it out of
the corner of my eye as I'm looking in
the camera I see it right over there and
I make an effort to read all the super
chats and Google set this up it's sort
of neat it's a way for content creators
to make money without ads because
YouTube is they monetize all the ads so
the funds come to the rebel which is
great because we use it to pay our bills
here the longer the more dough you put
in the longer your contents is appended
to the screen but of course I will read
plenty of contents plenty of comments
that are not super chats because on
Friday that's what we do I'm very
excited though because we have news
today that we did not have yesterday and
I'd like to show the three and a half
minute video in a moment as you know
we've been talking about our friend
Tommy Robinson and I call him a friend I
mean he was a work colleague he worked
for the rebel for about a year but with
Tommy everyone's a friend Tommy's not a
corporate suit he doesn't say oh those
are work friends and those are friends
friends but Tommy everyone's a a mate
and because Tommy can't travel to Canada
for reasons that some of you are aware I
found myself going to the
kay about once a month not quite once a
month but to meet with him to talk about
things to to eyeball things and I got to
know him and he's a handful
let's be honest Tommy's a handful and
this spring he left to go independent it
was an amicable of the ways we support
him in his mission and when he was
arrested three weeks ago I felt a sense
of deja vu because of course he was
arrested a year ago almost exactly for
doing the same sort of thing reporting
outside a courthouse but that time a
year ago was outside the courthouse in
Canterbury but I was his boss back then
so I had the authority to immediately
hire lawyers and not just you know
regular lawyers I mean I respect regular
lawyers but when you have Tommy
Robertson as a client you're dealing
with a hot potato
the judges often have a view on him in
advance the prosecutors do the police
certainly do and you're dealing with
tough areas of law contempt of court
it's an obscure area it's not like a
common assault or some soccer hooligan
gets into some fun no no this is very
obscure law so a year ago we hired
really an a-team we have three lawyers
very senior lawyers and we went to
Canterbury we got him out of jail
immediately from the time he was arrest
at the time he was released was 13 hours
and we had a proper hearing and we kept
him out of jail he had a suspended
sentence but he went home to his family
so three weeks ago when I saw him being
arrested again in Leeds I had that
terrible sense of deja vu and when you
know that last moment in the video when
Tommy's put in the back of the police
truck show the b-roll I'll keep talking
over it you know when when Tommy's put
in the back of the truck and they're
taking out everything from his pockets
and they're you know they're they're
taking his phone and they're there back
him away when he real there's seven cops
that remember that so they start they
start to put him away and he looks at
the camera it's about 30 seconds from
now but I'll just you've probably
watched this video before he says get me
my solicitor and get me a solicitor I
think a solicitor is what they call
lawyers over there in the UK and well I
know what I would do if I was his boss
but I wasn't his boss so I called up his
cameraman
whoo I know cuz he used to work for us
too and I have disagreements I had
disagreements with those cameramen but I
called them up and said let's put
bygones aside we've got to get Tommy out
can I help so they told me the name of
Tommy's lawyer you could he put the
sound up here in fact someone laid their
hand and assaulted me on strike or
threatened me about my mother and Here I
am being arrested for say nothing about
what a preacher thinks apparently I'm in
sight in my video can you please George
heaviest listen did you hear that George
get me a solicitor well I know George so
I texted him I said look was put aside
whatever disagreements we have added
Escrima at the cameraman it's no big
deal I so we got to help Tommy he told
me the phone number of the new lawyer
Byrd not the new lawyer Tommy's lawyer
so I called her up and I said look I
have no authority to make any decisions
here but let me help we've got this
crack team we used in Canterbury they're
really good and they know Tommy and they
know the law let me help and she she
listened to me we spoke on the phone a
little bit and by email a little bit but
I'm not her clients I'm not her boss and
she felt like she could not take
direction from me which is correct she
represented Tommy not me and it was
difficult for her even to get
instructions from Tommy because tommy
was swiftly packed off to jail it was
days before she even got into prison to
meet with him so I mean I I was
frustrated because when we went to work
I told you from Tommy and Canterbury
from arrest to release was 13 hours we
worked you know we spent half the day
phoning every jail in the UK where's
Tommy just trying to find the guy right
so imagine the frustration and and I and
I talked though and I'm not gonna
disparage your criticize her but she's
she's not a contempt of court lawyer and
she's not a top gun carnivorous downtown
London 18 killer and that's what you
need but Tommy Robinson in my view and I
found it extremely frustrating as I
think a number of others did that Tommy
did not file an appeal right away and
that he was languishing in jail I what
am I supposed to do I have no authority
I'm just like everyone else I like Tommy
but I have no standing but I stayed in
contact with the family and they on
their own in consultation with Tommy
came to the conclusion that they wanted
to take a different legal direction no
criticism that's not disparaging the old
lawyer it's saying okay we got a new
strategy now and I am delighted to say
that Tommy Robinson and his family have
retained a top flight can you call the
the website for Carson Kay Carson Kay is
the name of a UK law firm that is a
heavy duty litigation boutique and
that's what Tommy needs that is what
Tommy needs and we'll just call it up
here on this Carson K CA RS o NK ka ye I
just wouldn't mind showing people the
website so they can see and they could
check it out themselves I also spoke to
the a team that we used last year yeah
this is a law firm called Carson Kay
it's just their website you can check it
out yourself if you want to click on
people go in John Carson on the left
there take you so that's Tommy's new
lawyer it looks tough doesn't he I but
looks of course don't matter it's
experience and knowledge that counts you
can read that yourself the man knows
what he's doing
we also spoke to our lawyer from last
year from another senior law firm called
Kingsley Napoli I don't have to show his
image but we instructed last year's
lawyer Jonathan Grimes to provide
whatever
the new lawyer needed whatever advice or
background and to transfer the file that
we had so that would include any memos
any legal research into the law of
contempt of court because it's an
obscure law I mean I bet you an ordinary
person who just lives a life knows a
little bit about assault knows a little
bit about obviously speeding or parking
tickets right obviously but I put it to
you that not one in a hundred lawyers
has ever dealt with a contempt of court
case it's just obscure so the legal
briefs and I read for you yesterday a
rule of criminal proceedings that was
very particular very obscure about
contempt of court law so I feel like
Tommy's in good hands so I was thrilled
when I heard the family had made this
decision in consultation with Tommy and
I am unfamiliar with the new law firm
I've looked them up online they seemed
very serious and it's not even that the
lawyers great it's that the strategy is
now don't lay down and take it don't be
passive appeal what have you got to lose
I mean if you lose the appeal you're no
further behind than you are now right
he's got a 13-month sentence a little
bit out earlier on parole what they call
tagged over there there's so many things
you can appeal you can appeal the
substance as in the conviction you can
appeal the sentence 13 months onerous
you can ask to set aside or withdraw the
guilty plea you can ask for bail in the
meantime let Tommy out under conditions
whatever he's not allowed to tweet he's
not allowed to Facebook fine let the man
out of prison
pending a proper hearing right the
accused rapists that Tommy was reporting
on in leads they were out on bail they
went home every day to the community and
they just had to show up in court and
Tommy has no bail get Tommy out on bail
while you prepare a proper defense
something else
of course we've all learned in recent
days that Tommy was transferred from
imagine
these prison hull to another facility
that was demographically different in
that it had many more Muslim prisoners
and Tommy felt less safe well that is
subject to legal review as well in fact
and this is something I did not know
until recently if you're a civil
prisoner in a prison you have more
rights than a criminal prisoner whether
that's what Ward you're in how many
visiting hours or access to telephones
you have for example so I think I've
just listed about five things that I'm
when it comes to British contempt of
court law I mean don't take me as an
authority in any way I mean I I paid
close attention when we got Tommy out of
Canterbury but I'm just an observer I'm
really a layman in the matter it's very
technical but but I've just listed for
you five areas where an appeal could be
met and even if Tommy was not acquitted
perhaps the sentence would be reduced
even if Tommy
sentence was not reduced perhaps his
prison situation would be ameliorated
you see what I mean why not at least try
for god sakes but the man languish I had
flashbacks because I remember when we
helped Tommy a year ago and he came out
of there and he said I wish I had some
top con lawyers before I probably would
have not been in jail and ever in my
life and I felt like it was deja vu all
over again
and so I am so pleased that the family
made this decision and I was a meddler
you know that I mean it's not my
business Tommy it's not my employee I
like the guy I'd consider his friends in
fact we were chatting about by email
just the week before he was arrested
about plans that Tommy had for when
Donald Trump comes to London Tommy
wanted us to be involved with that is
Tommy he's always got shenanigans on the
go but I felt frustrated because I
thought who was going to jump in and do
this and it was not for me to jump in
but I was pestering pestering pestering
pestering the family and and thank God
they made the collective decision to
appeal
and I said to them and I'm not going to
give away confidences but I said look
glad you're doing that thank god we've
crowdfunded for Tommy before that so we
do hear the rebel word we don't get any
government funding we're not like the
BBC or the CBC we don't have we're not a
big corporate company that has like a
big benefactor like in Canada you know
Rogers or Bal they own the big TV
stations but no like they were just
grassroots and that's a weakness because
we don't have deep pockets but it's also
a great strength because the big money
the corporate money they're gonna be
scared of Tommy they would never I mean
Tommy would never be hired by a
corporate media for about ten reasons
political risk social reputation
whatever that's why Tommy in the end is
built to be an independent citizen
journalist we loved having him but even
we were too corporate for him you know
Tommy it's not built to have a boss so
the fact that we are not corporate
ourselves we rely on crowdfunding that's
a poor way to live most of the time but
when in the case of Tommy when he's got
supporters all around the world that
want to do something something what can
we do it was like me what can I do what
can I do I don't have the right to make
a decision I'm not a decider
what can I do what can I do well because
I had some rapport with the family
because of my meetings with Tommy I
don't know how many I had over the
months I would meet that man his wife
I'm his beautiful beautiful kids I met
his cousin Kevin you know so they I
wasn't a complete stranger right I mean
I didn't spend a lot of time with his
family but tom was with Tommy in our
team but they at least trusted me enough
to talk to me on the phone you know in
my email I'm not going to get into those
conversations other than to say the
result of them which is they have
accepted and in fact requested that we
raise money to pay these lawyers and I
said yes that's what we do so we did a
year ago in Canterbury let us do some
thing for God's sakes let's do something
I'm not saying that the rallies around
the world are nothing those are very
important they're encouraging their
morale building it shows that Tommy has
widespread public support it
they message to the powers-that-be that
you can't ignore Tommy we're all Tommy
right and that is very important and I
hope it continues and I hope it
continues peacefully because the problem
with the big rally is it's wonderful but
if there's violence at a rally then that
becomes an albatross around the neck of
the movement and it gets written off as
violent they want to evl eyes.the the
save Tommy rallies don't they and that's
why the left sends agents provocateurs
to push and to shove and maybe throw a
beer bottle or whatever but my news
today is that we have set up with the
permission and authority and approval of
the family a crowdfunding website at
save Tommy calm and this morning we sent
an email out to our supporters including
150 mm Tommy supporters in the United
Kingdom and we sent the video this
morning so instead of me telling about
the video why don't we show it to you
here's the video that went out by email
to tommy supporters around the world
take a look Tommy Robinson fights back
for real and it's time for us to help
him after private conversations with his
family I'm delighted to announce a way
that we can all help that has been
authorized and approved by Tommy and his
family including Tommy's wife and
Tommy's mother
Tommy has switched lawyers he now has a
top law firm that is filing an appeal I
believe they are giving Tommy the
world-class representation that he needs
I will let their legal work speak for
itself but it is my view that finally
someone is addressing everything from
Tommy's treatment in prison to the hasty
manner in which Tommy was tried and
convicted and of course the shocking 13
month prison sentence I have directed
the British law firm that we at the
rebel used last year for Tommy when he
was working for us and was charged with
contempt of court in Canterbury to give
Tommy's new lawyers any assistance they
require including all of Tommy's files
and with the approval and authorization
of the family I have undertaken
to cover all of the fees of Tommy's new
legal team Tommy's family has also asked
me to email this news to all of our
rebel supporters both in the UK and
elsewhere to invite people to contribute
to this legal defense fund at the
website save Tommy calm I want to
maintain the confidentiality of my
conversations with the family but I will
tell you a word about how the
crowdfunded money will be handled as
agreed to by the family 100% of all
proceeds will be used to cover Tommy's
legal costs we anticipate this will be
tens of thousands of pounds but that's
fine this is the most important legal
case in the United Kingdom in my view I
truly believe that Tommy Robinson is a
kind of political prisoner and this case
touches on freedom of the press and the
increasing police restrictions on
ordinary Brits talking about public
issues like Muslim rape gangs and mass
immigration if we raise more than is
required to pay the legal fees we will
give 100 percent of the surplus to
Tommy's family Tommy's family will have
complete access to the financial
accounts in my view this family fund is
very important if Tommy is released it
could be used as a future legal defense
fund for him if Tommy is not released
his family could use it to pay their
bills while Tommy is in prison and God
forbid I hate to even mention it but it
is a possibility god forbid if something
happens to Tommy while he's in prison or
on another occasion these funds could
assure that Tommy's family is taken care
of in the future all surplus funds will
be transferred to Tommy's wife and she
will have complete discretion over them
today is the day we fight back
in a manner that Tommy and his family
have approved there are other things we
can all do and I salute everyone else
who has been doing important things like
outstanding rallies both in the United
Kingdom and around the world and even
just speaking out in the media even on
social media
this crowdfunding project is our
specialty at the rebel and we've done it
for Tommy before when he worked with us
let's do it for Tommy again and for his
family please go to save Tommy calm he's
been there for us now let's do this for
him he'll pay Tommy's legal there you
haven't so that went out this morning
and it has been watched
last I checked more than 20,000 times I
am very excited about it
and I didn't mention that last part
there which i think is very important
obviously paying the lawyers is the most
important thing I don't know how much
that's going to cost but to be honest I
don't care this is not the time to cheap
out I mean obviously we're not going to
be wasteful but in my view if you're not
hiring the absolute best lawyers in the
UK you're doing it wrong it's not about
saving a few thousand pounds here there
it's leaving no stone unturned to get
Tommy up but what if we raise more than
we need give it to Jenna as Tommy's wife
it's got beautiful kids give it to the
wife and kids why it's obvious why I
said it there if Tommy gets out good let
him have some money for a future legal
defense I don't know for his
inconvenience to pay the bills I don't
know for security if Tommy doesn't get
out who's paying the bills for the
family when Tommy's in prison for 13
months let the surplus go to the family
and that last part I don't want you to
think I'm macabre and I don't want you
to think that in any way I am focused on
this but it would be foolish to not
realise that Tommy is in physical danger
in prison for sure where he has been
attacked before but even out on the
street and I don't know if Tommy has a
life insurance policy I'll tell you one
thing if he didn't get one when he was
young there ain't no insure in the world
is gonna injured Tommy Robinson and God
forbid god forbid you know I mean it
last year he was he was attacked and
was in the coma he's in the coma we've
all seen pictures of him being attacked
on the streets what if it's not just a
black eye god forbid what if he's what
if he's killed well then what happens to
his family so it is my view that we
should absolutely cover the legals but
if there is a surplus it must go to the
family and frankly I think that family
needs some sort of a trust fund or an
endowment so that God forbid something
happens to Tommy they're going to be
okay I have had the pleasure of meeting
Tommy's beautiful wife and his children
who were so beautiful they remind me of
little angels look you know those
Renaissance paintings of cherubs so
that's that's what we're doing that's
what we're doing at save Tommy calm and
it's approved and authorized by the
family and I'm very pleased that we're
using our crowdfunding technology the
nation builder system and our email
lists and I feel like we're doing the
right thing
I do not prepend pretend to be a
spokesman for the family I am NOT I'm
talking them occasionally but I'm not
trying to bug them I have not done other
shows about Tommy I don't have any
primary information I have confirmed
basic facts including that Tommy was in
fact moved to a different prison it is
my goal to handle the cost of the
lawyers and if we can put some money
into Jenna's hands for her and the kids
that's my role if the family wants me to
do other things I will let you know if
they're public things all right so
that's an update and I feel like it's
been a very momentous day at least for
those of us who really think about Tommy
a lot it has been extremely frustrating
for me and then the relief of learning
at the last minute that the appeal would
be filed was overwhelming to me because
I thought they were going to run out the
clock and Tommy would just languish
there and what right do I have
to decide differently so thank God they
made that decision would you agree with
me okay I said it was free-for-all
Fridays and I haven't read a single
super chat so enough talk for me you
know all the news I have no more news
than I've just told you let's do the
super chat for the rest of the show all
right
Ezra's first a regular says keep up the
good work thanks for supporting Tommy
Robinson you're welcome
crowdfunding is what we do here so it
felt natural we've done it for Tommy
before I think maybe that's why the
family felt comfortable with him skill
Gannon the dam says if Tommy dies in
jail we riot
I don't prescribe that I don't want that
but I do believe that absolutely would
happen especially given the an
inconceivable decision to move Tommy to
a less safe prison and that was not done
by a judge that was done by someone in
the prison system we don't even know who
Kevi cat 84 says thank you for all the
coverage of Tommy Robinson Ezra it's
amazing to see people from around the
world come together for a fellow Brit
from keV Bonnie Scotland what isn't that
great you know we have seen things
around I have seen images of protest we
covered the protests in Toronto we had
photos of the protests from Calgary I
can't remember if we covered that there
was one in M inton I'm just talking
about Canadian cities I've seen protests
in Washington I've seen protests in
Australia I've seen pictures in France
we have course had heard builders the
Dutch politician go to London the
massive protests in London
it's amazing Tommy inspires people
around the world because he speaks to
issues that people around the world have
seen and he's courageous
he's charismatic he's a daddy that
authenticity it cuts through borders it
cuts through languages people see that's
a good man
Ian Baxter says thank you for supporting
Tommy from for Britain for Swindon
branch yeah I like for Britain we're
trying to get an interview with Anna
Marie waters had them do we do we have a
date for that what's the date we have an
interview with Anne Marie waters next
week I'm pleased to say you may have
seen our interview at some length with
Gerard batten
in in Canada we say Gerard so I'm
practicing the UK way of saying Gerard
batten so it's a very long interview and
people seem to like it so anne-marie
actually tweeted to me and say hey
where's my end of yesterday absolutely
do with this so we're gonna talk to her
next week
Tom young drone says sing hey Tommy
Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy it's amazing
they got a chant after the guy it's
pretty cool
Primus 81 says free Tommy yeah so we're
working on Copa Dessau looks like he's
from Norway because it looks like he
chipped in 22 Norwegian Kroners if I'm
if I'm reading that right says if e 2
could have drawn and quartered TR she
would I think you're referring to queen
elizabeth ii i'm going to disagree with
you I don't think the Royals have in any
way expressed an opinion about Tommy or
put their finger on the scale in fact I
put it to you that if you could in some
way get a very private reading of the
pulse of the the Queen for her amazing
husband I think that I think they would
be Tommy fans especially the Prince I
mean he's so politically incorrect isn't
he's always getting in trouble for
making jokes so I'm gonna disagree with
you politely I'm gonna say I think the
Queen would be a Tommy supporter okay
let me go and find some more super chats
Tom young John says keep up your good
work I gave $40 at save Tommy calm well
that's excellent thank you very much for
that just scrolling through looking for
some more super chats had are there any
that I've missed I see okay I'm just my
email is that I have so many emails I
have to look through them my friends who
are producing the show they're catching
the Super chats for me in case I missed
them as his first two regulars Tommy
Robinson was going to release info by
John wedge er I'm sorry I don't know who
John wedge sure is maybe my producer
friends can google that while
talking because I I just don't know off
the top of my head who that is
Alex prot kicked in 20 pounds thank you
very much appreciate that just to be
clear save Tommy 100% of the proceeds go
to Tommy this super chat that's just
that's just the rebel thing we do every
day so if you want to contribute to
Tommy do it at save Tommy comm
contributions to this YouTube super Chad
that just goes into rebel revenues
Nelson Thal says I was arrested here in
Canada because of statements about 9/11
I made on my radio show cloak-and-dagger
at that time I was quoted saying free
speech has glass ceilings Tommy like me
was jailed I hope I could help him well
Nelson that's a very interesting story
I'm unfamiliar with your case it sounds
like you're obviously out which is good
and the fact that you care about Tommy
who's in a similar position to what you
described I'm glad you're I guess the
phrase that the kids would say is you're
paying it forward I'm looking for some
more Super chats loads men observer 20
bucks thank you very much here's some
Mexican pesos from Keith McIntosh who
says I've donated but I think it
important that there be a running tally
of funds collected one for transparency
and two as an incentive for others to
donate many will join the bandwagon if
they know what others are doing so this
is something that I've considered very
reflectively very thoughtfully I think
and in the past we have had crowdfunding
on independent third-party sites like
IndieGoGo calm that has a real-time
public tally of exactly how much money
is coming in and I understand the value
of doing that everyone has all the
information at the same time and it's
that extra level of transparency here's
why I don't think that's appropriate in
this case number one when you're
crowdfunding for a legal fight it is
strategic information how much money you
have it's strategic information that the
lawyers or prosecutors on the other side
would like to know I don't think it's
appropriate to let the other side know
if Tommy is weak we don't want them to
know that if Tommy is strong we probably
don't want them to know that either
we want that to be treated as
confidential in fact that is
traditionally something that is subject
to solicitor client privilege which
means it's not just confidential the
other side has no legal right to know
the second part of the crowd fund is for
Tommy's family and that's not subject to
solicitor client privilege and that's
not something about which you know
there's an enemy but it is I think a
private matter do you really think it's
public information how much money Jenna
has for the kids or whatever she spends
it on a safer house and security maybe
she just wants to get away with the kids
for vacation for whatever I don't care
give it to the family
lord knows they've suffered enough and
like I say God forbid may it never
happen but there may come a time when
Tommy god forbid is no longer with us
for reasons of violence they're trying
to kill the guy I don't believe that the
private financial endowment of Tommy's
family should be made public but I do
believe that Tommy and his family should
know exactly how much is coming in and
therefore we have 100% transparency with
them and I'm in touch with the family as
recently as two and a half hours ago on
that subject one of the reasons I
believe Tommy's family is dealing with
us on groud funding is because they have
one years observation of how we do this
and Tommy himself and Kev his cousin can
testify the very last meeting I had with
Tommy when we said goodbye to him
morning when we were going independent I
actually sat down with the computer and
I logged in to the bank accounts and I
showed Tommy all the details in that
case he was curious about the studio
that we gave to him I don't think he's
used that studio so I think that may
have I didn't asked them why they agreed
to let us do it but my hunch is because
we've shown transparency before and we
also did little things when Tommy was
in jeopardy in Canterbury and I think
they saw that we were acting in good
faith let me read some more issue read
one that says surely the government of
Great Britain knows the calamity that
will ensue if Tommy is killed they will
make their underhanded totalitarian move
front page everywhere what is the
endgame do you think well let me give
you a terrible example and I'm sorry I'm
thinking about this but you put it into
my mind can you google him for town P I
am fo RT u YN what am i selling you Anna
your Dutch here's a gonna call up a
picture of him for town for you in a
second pin for town was a decade ahead
of his time he's Dutch there was Dutch
he was flamboyantly gay and that matters
because he was very liberal you could
even that's pin right there can he find
some more pictures there's one of him
with a dog in his lap like he's he was
very flamboyant very Dutch and very
progressive and he detected that Islam
was a threat to the Dutch liberal
progressive lifestyle and he was a thorn
in the side because he was talking Tommy
talk but instead of coming from a
blue-collar working-class background he
came from a fancy gay rights background
yeah that's the picture I had that's
been for down the late spin for town
that he was murdered not by a Muslim but
by an activist if I recall going from
memory here well van Gogh put tail mango
up what am I saying
another Dutchman I'm not saying van Gogh
properly house how do you say that Hana
tayo van Gogh that's all right
the descendant of Vincent van Gogh put
Te'o up another Dutchman libertine I
think Taylor was gay also and the reason
I mentioned their homosexuality is
because of course that is Haram under
Islam so tail van Gogh made a film
called submission it's about th EO Theo
van Gogh VI ng oGH
he was a critic of radical Islam in
Holland yeah there's Te'o van Gogh find
some more pictures there's much
scruffier pictures he made a movie
called submission which is actually what
Islam means you know it and he was
murdered and stabbed into him with a
knife was a death threat to ayaan Hirsi
Ali now why have I told you about these
two assassinations in both of them in
Holland why I told you about him for
yeah that's that's what they of Van Gogh
I'm trying to I'm trying too hard to
pronounce it let's just say Theo van
Gogh descendent of Vincent van Gogh
filmmaker libertine leftist progressive
feminist murdered a note stabbed into
him saying we're coming for you I on her
Seeley in their own ways they were the
Tommy Robinson's of Holland do you
understand what I'm saying is that they
were ringing the alarm about radical
Islam they were being uncomfortable for
the governing powers that be and both of
them were assassinated
they were just murdered they were
political assassinations and what
happened nothing what happened nothing
I've been to great advocates for Silas
yeah there was some it was it was like
when when Charlie Hebdo the French
satirical magazine was the subject of a
terrorist attack mass murder oh yeah
there was this big protest you know the
French president of the time marched arm
in arm oh yes it's just sweet charlie
they said and then it went back to
normal and then just sweet bat a Klan
and always just we this and I'm this and
I'm Matt and I'll change your facebook
icon to have the Eiffel Tower or
something Belgian when there's a terror
you know this
every every month nothing changes if
Tommy Robinson were murdered I do
believe that there would be riots
but they would pass and who would take
the place and do you think Teresa may
the Prime Minister would be moved you
think Jeremy Corbyn would be moved you
think SATA can would be moved is
everything really different in Holland
when two champions of counter
Islamization were murdered pin for town
or Theo van Gogh I'm gonna say it that
way
no and that's my point is I do believe
that there are people in authority in
the United Kingdom who would prefer to
see Tommy murdered than to have him and
they would accept the short term riots
and by the way I'm not condoning or
hoping for any of this I'm just going
through a very plausible scenario given
the attempts on Tommy's life so far and
given the successful assassinations in
Holland in fact I put it to you that
those riots while they would be an
accurate reflection of the rage and
frustration among so many Brits they
would become the pretext for a crackdown
by police not on Muslim terrorists but
rather on working-class Brits there are
already 900 hate police in the
Metropolitan Police of London do you
think they would somehow back off if
there were riots or do you think this
were given the pretext for more laws
more powers to have Twitter YouTube and
Facebook shut down more accounts as
Tommy's Twitter account has been shut
down so yes I think there would be a
spasm of grief and rage followed by a
crackdown on those who were grieving and
enraged and Tommy would be in many ways
forgotten as teo van Gogh and pim
fortuyn have been and that's why it's so
important to keep him safe let's look at
some more super chants
let me let me catch up I'm sorry I was
looking away from my computer as they
came through and I have so many emails
coming through give me one second
it's 12:39 time is flying
can you while I look for the super chats
Hannah can you run an ad for
off-the-cuff we got a show tonight but
we don't have that okay can you run an
ad for save the Christians folks give me
60 seconds
we don't okay sir I thought we had some
ads ready I was going to say run the ad
and I'm going to look for my super chats
in the meantime but but I'll just
quickly oh here we go
thanks sorry about that I I got I got a
lot of things going on right I'm talking
I'm thinking and out of the corner of my
eye I'm trying to get the super chats
let me read I got a few few here okay
let's let's get through some of these
because because there's a lot of
comments coming in we could skipped yet
we don't need I just really needed it to
to buy myself some time but I found them
here we go as was first two regulars JW
is police whistleblower child abuse and
vice ok vizac says thank you rebel media
Ezra your gem all right thank you very
much for that Keith McIntosh says two
valid points I hadn't considered I
concur with your position
okay thanks you're talking about the
public transparency I believe in
transparency and you as you'll see if
you go to our website the rebel dawn
media slash trust we do publish all our
crowdfunding accounts at the end of the
year we just don't break it down by
campaign by campaign we do have several
publications for third party donations
where we do publish it down to the
dollar but I do not want tommy's
personal financial business to be a
public fact I want him to know I want
his wife to know I want his family to
know perhaps his accountant can know but
I do not believe the public ought to
know how much we raise for Tom eNOS
friendly and I know from my years as a
lawyer if the other side knows how
strong you are financially they can
adjust their legal strategy accordingly
I think Tommy will do well in this
crowdfunding I think we will cover his
legal costs I'm betting on it
but I don't want the other side to know
his strength kapa Dessau says hope you
write about elizabeth ii well look how
do I know right I mean is she I mean
she's very traditional right she
represents history and culture in the UK
how could she not be appalled by the
transformations she has seen I mean
she's been Queen for more than 60 years
right
she knew Winston Churchill how can she
not be appalled by the changes she's
seen her husband is not called a king of
course is he's Prince Philip the Duke of
Edinburgh and if you know anything about
Philip
you know he's extremely politically
incorrect and he always makes jokes who
gets him in trouble and I would ban a
lot of money that he's a Tommy Robinson
fan in fact God willing we get Tommy out
I'd say there's a nonzero chance and
maybe just maybe Prince Phillip would
meet with Tommy even if it was on the Qt
what do you think of that
it's a crazy prediction I just put out
there but I think there's sort of
kindred spirits what do you think I
listen I'm not a Brit I don't know I had
to look up Prince Philip's name I sort
of forgot it for a moment there look
he's the Queen Elizabeth is also the
queen of Canada I should know that
better but I just wanted to make sure
what do you think do you think Prince
Philip is sort of a Tommy Robinson fan I
shared one says thank you for your
thoughtful response frankly I smell a
war a bad one well it is absolute
shenanigans that he was transferred
prisons there was no reason for that
whatsoever whatsoever other than malign
reasons I put it to you we'll find out
we'll find out
Christopher Brown says thank you for
helping Tommy and his family
well it's my pleasure I have to tell you
I'm helping in one way I'm doing the
crowdfunding but hundreds of people will
actually do the heavy lifting but if a
hundred people live together it's not
very heavy is it and that's the thing
whether you chip in one pound or ten
pounds or a hundred pounds look if one
guy does say you're not going to solve
the problem here but you get a hundred
people yet maybe a thousand people
chipping in you're gonna pay a big legal
bill he's gonna have a big legal bill
but I think it's gonna be covered by his
support
I just been going through a hand if I
missed any raw meat ovens and chipped in
two pounds thanks very much if you have
a comment feel free to add it and I'll
try and read it Andrews senior hey Ezra
John Roger is an ex-detective
whistleblower he received similar
treatment at Tommy must watch thanks for
supporting Tommy free Tommy okay thank
you for that I just I just didn't know
who that was all right what's the times
12 44 Hannah have I caught up with all
the super chance okay so let's just read
some regular chats if if there's if you
really want yours to stand out I will
read it I'm just gonna go through them
and I'm just gonna read them randomly
because the courts are coming in real -
I see them just like you see them so I'm
just gonna read them and even if they
don't make sense well that's that's what
it's like when you're live right Tommy
Steen says cheers from Norway free Tommy
thank you trendy fool says British royal
family has zero real power they're only
in place still is that removed it's bad
PR well I disagree with you I believe
the royal family is good PR I believe
it's good to have a reserved power in
case the politician gets out of hand I
like the the monarchy I like a
constitutional monarchy with limited
power
I like the historical continuity it
brings so I politely disagree with you
Dukes Grove says the best way to protest
against the Zionists is to immolate
yourself with kerosene well you know
there's kooky comments and then there's
dumb comments and that's both I think
Tommy is a Zionist to me he dreamed
Israelis pro-israel
what has that got to do with him
reporting outside a rape gang trial in
Leeds where 27 men and 2 women are
charged with years of rape against young
girls as young as 11 seriously what does
Tommy's v1 Israel or Taiwan for that
matter have got to do with that I know
there's some weird comments here and
there do this do that what's that got to
do but I don't think Tommy's lawyers at
you his name is John Carson doesn't
sound Jewish to me and if he is who
cares what on earth does that have to do
with getting amount of jail what on
earth does have to do slam boy hey why
can't these goyim give more money to
Tommy hey man you don't have to give
money to Tommy absolutely not
unlike the BBC that forces you to pay or
in Canada the CBC that forces you to pay
crowd funding by definition is
completely free and if you're referring
to some sort of stereotype you seem to
be the cheapskate enjoying this
broadcast talking about Tommy Robinson
and not putting in a shekel so you know
look in the mirror buddy let's read some
more little vampire potbelly you know
I'm gonna skip the stupid Jewish ones
it's just stupid
anonymous hey where is Tommy now well
he's in prison now and that's the whole
thought you know what I I'm not gonna
get into greater specificity than that
he's in prison he was moved
inappropriately outside of Her Majesty's
Prison Hall and ameliorating his prison
condition is a ground that ought to be
appealed and I'm sure as long as well
droopy 82 of Fritton is smart they will
release Tommy because they are beginning
to look like a global bully but what do
they care I mean look Elizabeth May
excuse me not Elizabeth baby that's a
Canadian politician Theresa May the
Prime Minister the United Kingdom is
ignoring the wishes not just of 10 or
20,000 Tommy Robinson protesters is she
not ignoring the wish of literally
millions of Brits who voted for brexit
so if you're a Prime Minister of the
United Kingdom and you don't care what
literally millions of your voters want
when your conservative party held the
vote in the first place if you wanted to
5 Millions
of course you're going to ignore Tommie
supporters I mean they're one standard
deviation more radical on the spectrum
of course Theresa May is going to ignore
them I see a super chat from Ally Clarke
congratulations to Sheila on her best
seller on Amazon folks hey thanks very
much yeah I mean you know what we've
been talking about Tommy but I want to
acknowledge that you know we've
published on these four books now here
at the rebel our first book was
published by Sheila was called the
destroyers it was above the government
of Alberta our second book was published
by Lawrence Southern called barbarians
it was sort of her personal manifesto
the third book was published by me it
was called trumping Trudeau it's about
Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump I called
that a year ago and then just last week
Sheila Gunn read wrote the definitive
book on David Suzuki called the case
against uzuki an unauthorized biography
and that's number one on Amazon dot CA
which is the Canadian website for Amazon
which is pretty cool in fact of the four
books I've mentioned three of them have
gone to number one mine only reached
number two in Canada so that's pretty
cool for a little independent grassroots
tea website but thank you for your kind
words Elliott
all right Tommy Steen sorry Ezra but my
bucks go to save Tommy yeah exactly this
what we're doing here step one was get
the Top Gun lawyers in place to do the
appeal step two is raise funds for the
lawyers step three is if there's funds
left over give it at Tommy's family and
let them spend it in this the way that
family sees fit
that's the terms and conditions of save
Tommy if it wasn't clear Jack hunter
says free kick all right
dolly daydream says go check what's
happening in Iran right now all right
well we do follow Iran fairly closely we
have spokesmen for the Democratic
protesters on at least once a month
and maybe you're reminding me to have
them on again but we do follow what's
happening in Iran fairly closely and we
were very encouraged by the big uprising
right around New Year's Eve actually if
you recall Hector Cruz support from
Mexico god bless Tommy yeah he needs all
the help you can have you donated Ezra
yes my standard donation is $100
I typically donate $100 to every crowd
fund we do because I believe that if you
don't donate yourself you really can't
ask others to donate of course we're
also donating much more than money we're
donating the use of our staff and our
website and our software and all those
things and now that you've asked me can
I ask you logger Ian's been dragon have
you donated let's just check and your
senior Congrats to the USA Canada Mexico
and getting into 2026 World Cup eight
used to brush up on your soccer
esra yeah well that's what we call it
over here we call it soccer I know you
call them football it's just you know we
call football it's a different thing
over here Primm Paulo eight step for
share the site on social media get the
word out we have yeah we have we've been
tweeting it and facebooking it and I
haven't checked the the YouTube I'm
gonna do that right now I'm gonna try
multitask here I'm gonna try and what
are you saying
okay I'm my friend hand it says in my
ear that everyone else's share on social
media yeah that's sort of the social
part of social media I just on my
computer loaded up the video from save
Tommy and it's a thirty seven thousand
six hundred and ninety six views and it
went live at 9:00 a.m. Greenwich Mean
Time that's what the cult I'm in love so
when live at 4:00 a.m. Eastern here so
it's been up for I said nine hours is my
math right on that and it's being viewed
37,000 times so this is going viral I
think
but that that's only so much in my hands
I think though it can do well in your
hands my viewer friends and and I listen
I I know I indulge the hecklers too much
but I you know I do that on purpose I
want to show that I'm not afraid to read
critical emails because they're usually
or comments are usually pretty dumb
actually but I don't want to accentuate
the negative I want to accentuate the
positive
and finally there's something tangible
we can do that going to a protest is
tangible but I believe getting this
legal thing is very important and it's
really how do you get someone on a jail
you don't bust them out in a jail break
obviously you get him out of jail by
going to court and say Your Honor this
was wrong this was wrong this procedure
was wrong this substantive law was wrong
this fact was wrong we're here to appeal
that's saying get someone to jail okay
prophetic seven seven seven as a liberal
is it scary how bad things are getting
what is happening to Tommy is a travesty
and threatens our civil liberties
exactly hey by the way Tommy was
arrested while doing journalism
where's reporters without borders now I
don't know all the groups in the UK but
in Canada or the United States we would
say where's the ACLU the Civil Liberties
Union we'd say where's Penn right Penn
International I think you have that in
the UK I know you have Amnesty
International right I think it's based
in the UK where are they well I know the
answer because someone wrote them a
letter and I saw the reply they said oh
that was not a free speech manner that
was not a political matter that was a
legal matter oh shut up you don't think
if it was someone on the if it was a li
de zhua or some Muslim extremist mirror
opposite of Tommy you don't think
reporters without borders and Penn
International Amnesty International
would be all over let me catch up here
Shane mccurdy 20 pounds thank you very
much Keith Jenkins worth it to see the
Liberals explode well don't say explode
casually because when we're talking
about that she had that someone might
take you literally Eric Bailey the weak
mock those truly strong to bring them
down while ago was truly strong do their
best to bring the weak up Tommy his real
strength you're so right and one of the
fun
the Tommy and we had these videos a
couple weeks ago was showing all the
times he helped other people whether it
was Fletcher up there in Sunderland or
Chelsea you know who I'm talking about
or the dinner lady or Chris Eid in the
Navy or NOx getting him a wheelchair
Tommy bought a bloody wheelchair for
someone through crowdfunding that's
awesome
Fitness job I don't know much but this
is for Tommy from Texas USA well let me
clarify the Super chats goes to the
rebel if you want to donate to tell me
go to save Tommy calm Shane McCreary
already read that Peters ro twenty seven
point nine nine euros thank you very
much hello I missed any chance probably
no I've caught up okay it's 12:55 we've
got five minutes left
feel free to super chat if you want to
bring yours to attention I'm gonna see
how many I can get through here
okay sure one nokia says what about Jada
and Paul you talking about Jada Frandsen
and Paul Golding they're the two leaders
and the leader and deputy leader written
first and they were jailed in fact Paul
Golding was beaten up in jail probably
by a Muslim prisoner for not for a
contempt of court for I think racial
aggravation or something like that which
is sort of a fuck crime they did not
punch anyone they were not violent
against anyone they they're I don't know
the exact words that they said I don't
know the exact case so I'm not I didn't
follow this closely but they're in
prison they're in prison like Tommy is
and they were attacked Eric Cartman yeah
sure he scammed us telling the truth
about all those innocent children well
exactly exactly what's Tommy doing he's
beside himself with grief and rage at
the mass industrial scale perpetual rape
of British girls at the hands of usually
Pakistani Muslim rape kings and how is
it that tommy was there alone on the
street why were why were there not a
thousand Tommy's there that's what's
broken in the UK that you only have one
Tommy it's not everyone outraged by it
how can you not be ok let me get through
some more here Spencer J weekend thanks
as you're going to the cottage
and relaxing the muskoka s-- okay thank
you Eric Williams free Tommy Robinson
now well that's what the lawyers job is
right
Zurich xxd Ezra for president I am the
president of the rebel wake up John
Evans saw that she looked so fake can't
smile and believe okay I don't know what
that is
Matt Matt Prout are you friends with
Kaylin Robertson again now no I'm not
but I've put aside my dispute with
Kaylin and George in order to contact
Tommy's lawyer and full disclosure I
wrote to them and I said I'm about to do
this crowdfund with the authority and
approval of the family and I'll tell you
what I wrote to them and I said I'm not
asking you to promote it but I'm asking
you not to disparage it because it has
Tommy's approval and that of his family
and whatever your grievance is with me
let's put that aside for Tommy's sake
and they wrote back and they agreed and
I spoke to George as you saw when Tommy
was arrested he said George get me a
solicitor well I saw that and I knew
that George he was talking to so I
phoned George name and I talked to him a
bit it is not accurate to say that we
are friends but it is accurate to say
that we have put aside our dispute
because we both I'm not going to
characterize his mindset but I I know
for me even though I feel that I have a
dispute that is less important than the
goal of getting Tommy proper legal help
and getting money to those lawyers and
if there's a surplus to the family so
there you go it's a tough question and I
hope you accept my answer slam I'm red
pilling you laughs my took us off okay
Holly Clark says well done Ezra Chris
uses as a respect thank you Matt Getty
says Winston Churchill ruined India
I'm a skeptic on that I think one of the
best things to happen to India was
centuries of inculcation in British
legal constitutional norms and customs
and the English language I think there's
a lot of places in the world that would
be better off had they been part of the
British Empire and I think a lot of
Indians would say that they would surely
say they're glad to be independent of
course they would
but anyone who says India has space as a
space program they do you think that
would have happened had they not had
such mutually beneficial contact with
Britain for so long I think you really
read they have okay we're out of time
but let me whip through the last super
chance Hansen gin will the most the
money fundraise to fight the gag order
we used to help the defense of Tommy we
shut down our gag order crowd funding
immediately when the gag order was
lifted we have not yet received our bill
from our lawyer for the work he did so I
don't have an answer to that but I've
already told you that the save Tommy
Munz
any surplus is going to Tommy's wife
Jenna did I miss one guys no okay it's
one o'clock it's one o'clock the hour
fled by thank you for participating in
the super chat thank you for supporting
save Tommy calm I could appreciate your
help and spreading the word about it
I'll be back on Monday I'll give you a
report then and God willing let's get
this guy to prison alright until next
time on behalf of all of us here at
rebel world headquarters in Toronto to
you at home
good bye and keep fighting for freedom
you
