might have been seen as problematic by
by some of the students maybe even
threatening um I don't I don't see how
someone would rationally think it was
threatening I I could see how it might
challenge their existing ideas but for
me that's that's the spirit of the
university is challenging ideas that you
already have yes is one or multiple
students who have come forward saying
that this is something that they were
concerned about it and that it made them
uncomfortable you're perfectly welcome
to your own opinions but when you're
bringing it into the context of the
classroom that can become problematic
and that can become something that is
that creates an unsafe learning
environment for students but when they
leave the university they're gonna be
exposed to these ideas so I don't see
how I'm doing a disservice to the class
by exposing them to ideas that are
really out there and I'm sorry I'm
crying I'm stressed out because this to
me is so wrong as you know that is an
excerpt from an interrogation of Lindsay
Shepard a young woman who is a master
student at Wilfrid Laurier University
she was being persecuted I'm not gonna
say prosecuted because that implies
rules and norms she was being persecuted
bullied to use a phrase by politically
correct professors you heard one of them
they're saying she was creating an
unsafe learning environment for daring
to show a short clip a professor Jordan
Peterson in the context of a debate
unbelievable well very thoughtfully
Lindsey Shepard recorded that
conversation I don't think people would
have believed that it could have been
that bad
had she not reported it recorded it
well she managed to beat back that
persecution just through the sheer
weight of public opinion but the attacks
on her continued I think it's safe to
say that Lindsey Shepard has been
blackballed and blacklisted in academia
that's not just my opinion it's Lindsey
Sheppard's own opinion and in fact in a
recent day she has filed a 3.6 million
dollar lawsuit against wilfrid laurier
for doing just that for making her
unemployable because of their aspersions
joining us now via Skype is her lawyer
howard levitt familiar to our viewers
he's high-profile lawyer he's written
six legal textbooks but he's not just a
scholarly actor he writes popular law
columns for the National Post what a
pleasure to have him with us Howard nice
to see you again and I'm delighted that
you're representing Lindsey Shepherd I
feel that she's in good hands well so am
i I'm delighted representing Lindsey
Shepherd I'll make sure she's in good
hands well I'm not just praising you
because I like you I I know that she
went to you when she was being
interrogated for help to navigate the
university's attacks on her and you gave
her counsel even in that first instance
am i right yes I did right from the
outset he refused to participate in the
investigation the University held in
trust it's part of fighting us and
everything since then it's proven we
were right give me a couple of examples
I mean here you have expertise one of
the things you write about a lot in the
National Post is employment laws and
there's a right way to fire someone in a
wrong way a right way to have an
internal hearing in a wrong way
can you list for me in your view some of
the things that wilfred laurier did
wrong because of course the university
should have the ability to take a
student a professor a teaching assistant
to task if they do something genuinely
wrong but tell me procedurally and
substantively some of the things that
wilfred laurier did that just are were
wrong wrong wrong well first of all they
didn't follow any of their own
procedures any of them and I did live at
a detail in that state of claim secondly
they invented a fictitious complaint or
complaints we just heard that in a short
passage of plate about the complaint
more complaints there were no complaint
or complaints and they lied about that
and if
Reb you can I apologized initially he's
already had a lot of apologizing so I
really had to deal with complaints I
received and of course there were no
complaints as we've sensitively
ascertain thirdly they viciously
attacked her and it's one thing to
reprimand someone for something they do
that's wrong but it has to be wrong and
what she did wasn't wrong in fact if you
look at the wilfrid laurier Act which
gives us a jurisdiction legally it's to
promote free inquiry well they exactly
made it exactly the opposite and they
were brutal and abusive three unone for
fifty-five minutes
a men after she leaves driving cannons
to trilogy if I can call it that she
gets why do another professor who's
already taken a public position against
her and then treats her in a way that
she has real complaint with following
that you know so everything I've done
from beginning to end has been atrocious
now the 55 minute interrogation which so
many of us have heard was shocking and I
think it rallied so many I was even
pleased that reporters who generally are
sympathetic to political correctness
they were so shocked by this one
instance by the recording that I think
they rallied to Lindsey Sheppard's side
I was actually pleased with the mass of
reporters and cannanore commentators I
think they were generally on her side
because it was so egregious but that's
what happened in their private
interrogation did the university also
have a bit of a PR strategy to throw
Lindsay under the bus in response to her
recording I mean the the interrogation
itself was bad enough and we heard her
breaking into tears and I met Lindsay
Shepard she was at our rebel live
conference just a couple weeks ago she's
actually she seems to me to be a very
sensitive person like I don't think
she's a battle warrior who loves to
fight I mean she struck me as someone
who was pushed into this role
unwillingly almost did they abuse her in
public in other ways too Howard destiny
sought her out
for certain in this case and now she
realizes what an important mission she's
inadvertently become part of and she
doesn't want what's happened to her to
continue happening she realizes how how
treacherous campus life is and how hard
people have to fight to purify it from
the from the rancor of little
correctness on campus so since she's
been treated anyway go ahead with your
question answers no no that that was a
good point I mean you're you're
confirming my sense that she she didn't
choose this she was thrust into it but
she's risen to the occasion I'm sorry I
sort of put a double-barreled question
at you let me go back to the other part
other than that interrogation has the
University done I haven't read the
statement of claim yet but maybe we can
post it underneath this video for people
to read I'd like to read it carefully
all the way through and I know that it's
your allegations the university is yet
to reply with their statement of defense
but I look forward to reading him I
can't I do know I'm limited in what I
can say publicly it's a little bit like
the Kasey Hill case where he was sued
for $1,000,000 for talking about a
statement claiming other horrible or
just outside the legislature right so I
don't want to be accused of that so I
don't want to delineate the grounds but
I can say this a department chair went
into her class and did something that
was embarrassing to her immediately
after then she was appointed to be under
another professor who had already
publicly attacked her in her position
and she says and I delineate them in my
statement a claim that Professor that
did three more things huh that injurious
and damaging to her huh and another
professor also got in on the act
and again that's talked about on my
statement of claim but she just seemed
to me bullied and harassed or
start-to-finish it sounds that way well
I'd like to post obviously it's filed in
court so it is now a publicly available
document I'd like to post that under
this video I think our people may not be
sophisticated lawyers by training but I
think they'll have enough common sense
and knowledge
to read through with great interest and
it'll be her side of the story finally
told in full that's how I mean I haven't
read it yet but I I look forward to
reading the details and I understand why
you don't want to articulate everything
on TV is the place of just in court I
don't want to give the other side an
opportunity to file any counter got it I
take your point in that's very I'm an
act and I can see right away that it's
very wise that she's chosen you to be
her counsel
now when you file a legal document for
your career unless there's a viewers
when you read it it will be very easy to
understand I wrote it with that in mind
excellent why I'm glad you did because
there's a court of law and there's the
court of public opinion and I think this
case is important in both cases for
people who don't have kids at university
or who themselves have not been on
university in a while they probably
don't quite understand how gravely
academic freedom has being jeopardized
Jordan Peterson has shown a bit of light
on that so I think this case will have a
salutary public policy impact well I
hope so you know one thing that's very
interesting this year in fact yesterday
the University reports just came out on
enrollment universities and who is
people's first students first choice
that how many have enrolled would or
applied to different universities
wilfred laurier
of all Ontario universities did the
worst Wow choices and a lesson woman
generally obviously people here that
either students and parents of students
heard about all of us and said I don't
want my kid or I don't want myself to be
going to go for Maury
it's obviously of the 40 or 50
universities in the province the fact
that it came absolutely worse and by
significant marches huh he's telling
this isn't that true and what I have
what a reality check on the University
that's that's an echo chamber that
probably thinks what they're doing is
completely normal because to them it is
because they're just rebreathing each
other's air whereas when the public sees
us they say yikes
weird
gonna slowly back away from Laurier and
go literally anywhere else that's a very
interesting point now
signaling somehow helps them and in fact
people get it yeah to me one of the main
reasons that Ford did so well despite
his particular blemishes is that people
had just had it yeah the political
correctness of Kathleen Wynne and they
thought the NDP was more of the same
isn't that interesting now just in terms
of the legal steps because our people
follow lawsuits you filed I take it was
called a statement of claim the
university has a certain period of time
to reply bacon perhaps ask for an
extension which is early yeah which is
normally granted just out of a courtesy
but this thing it seems to me that their
statement of defense will be interesting
because it'll give an insight into their
mind of how they justify this conduct
but I have to tell you what what excites
me a lot about this is the documentary
discovery and as in the ability of you
and Lindsay to have access to internal
university records whether it's emails
memos staff meetings there are some
things that are subject to their lawyers
privacy solicitor client privilege but
if they had a staff meaning if they had
memos that would all be disclosable to
you am i right he's absolutely right and
at one point here's one bit from the
statement of claim from her next
professor this professor hosted syllabus
and then her syllabus was al and
acknowledge you know what i'm talking
about the aboriginal land
acknowledgments head of every speech
these days everywhere but in any event
she thought this was just a ridiculous
piece of political correctness that show
al and acknowledgement on top of the
syllabus so she took the land
acknowledgement the little excerpt from
the top of the syllabus and tweeted it
out saying isn't this ridiculous for now
even having territory acknowledgments on
syllabus yeah so the professor call her
on the carpet and told her she must
delete it right away said I'm not doing
you leave my tweet no I'm not deleting
it so you were violating my intellectual
property oh my god
and she this this is ridiculous and she
said she was gonna call the plane to the
Dean if she didn't take it down she
didn't take it down and Dean came back
to her and said it's not return flexural
property
professor Nicholson's so what happens
next we know that there was a meeting
held by the Dean with certain members of
faculty immediately after this I'd love
to know what was discussed
yeah well find out what was discussed
and examination discovering if any
minutes were taken that's an example of
the kind of thing that we're going to
find out where these professors
reprimanded RAM Buchannon a lot and Adri
Joel I don't know we'll find out
we get to find out everything why did
Debra Moffatt see the President refused
to not say I'm giving a double negative
let me put it more simply on Steve
Bacon's TV oh right after this all broke
bacon asked McClatchy repeatedly did
Lindsay Shepherd do anything wrong and
she in terms of showing the Jordan
Peterson clip and McClatchy would not
say that she had done nothing wrong come
on she had something wrong huh well it
was only after course was massive public
outcry that then she tried to sanitize
the whole thing with an investigation
and then admitted that she had done
nothing wrong but that was not her
initial reaction because my
understanding class she's had
historically a social justice warrior
too and I'd like to know the memo was
between the classes office and others
yeah yeah I'd like to see if they were
disparaging her privately while claiming
to be fair to her publicly I'd like to
see if there if they if the fix was in
privately while they were claiming to
have fair procedure publicly I think
that any just before you go on on that
point what memo was were there just
before that meeting yeah yeah because of
course to have any sort of procedural
fairness the meaning has to be
meaningful as in she could say something
that would
called paid her but if the fix was in to
begin with then it wasn't a real
investigation it was a bullying session
because there could be no other outcome
this is very interesting and Ezra last
remove herself from that particular
interrogation Inquisition we know from
watching it the fix was in yeah this is
fascinating I look forward to reading
this case in detail and following it as
it goes every step of the way I have to
tell you the more I think through the
the documentary discovery and the oral I
know you can examine different people
are you suing the university only or are
there no particularly vigils it's
temporary the university Rebeck Anna I'm
not and Joelle and you know what I'm
just from watching some of those
professors they're so chatty and they're
so entitled I don't think they're gonna
be able to keep their mouths shut I
think they're gonna go off on long rants
I have to say I believe in my bones that
the essential claim that Lindsay's being
blackballed by this University's conduct
I believe that in my bones and I and I
think well we'll see what the judge has
to say we'll see what the statement of
defense has to say but I think that this
suit has some merits on the face of it
but I am much much more interested in
the revelations that will be elicited by
this it was the revelation of their
private interrogation that got this
whole story to go in the begin with it
was a secret recording and I think now
you're gonna blow that up 10 full with
all this documentary discovery this
might be the most important academic
freedom lawsuit in a generation and I'm
not just indulging in hyperbole you've
got the worst case that we can think of
in memory with the worst actors and now
you're gonna get their internal memos I
think this is gonna be a blockbuster
it's fabulous I just hope it doesn't
settle because there's so there's such
an important social good in my view and
I gather yours for prosecuting this case
the social justice warriors do not well
no longer be able to believe they can
conduct themselves the way they have for
the last so many years with impunity
that the light will be shone on them and
will go after their pocketbooks yeah
well of course the decision to settle is
Lindsay's alone but from my few
interactions with her and my
observations of her I think she's
motivated by the public interest I don't
think she's just out for a buck she's
never asked for money she's never set up
a GoFundMe page so she's she sees it
doesn't look like she's trying to be an
entrepreneur for financial gain I
actually believe in her heart she's
motivated by this it takes someone like
that to take on an institution Howard
I'm delighted that you are the lawyer I
feel like you're uniquely situated for
this is very interesting and please keep
us posted as this moves through the
courts and obviously we're not going to
have Lindsay on to talk about it in a
manner that would in any way jeopardize
the legal integrity of the case so maybe
we can talk to you from time to time
because we know you'll be very careful
about that Israel look I'm a lawyer I'm
also politically active as you probably
know and it's my mission to yeah I
personal interest in stopping the type
of nonsense that occurred here well I'm
thrilled I know that and it's I'm glad
that you confirm that and our viewers
are supporting you and we've kept you a
long time here and I know you're very
busy I mean you're actually you are
working a lawyer at Levitt LLP so thank
you for spending the time with us I
can't tell you how excited I am to have
you on this file we talked with John
carpe who's another public interest
lawyer and there's very few public
interest lawyers on our side of the
aisle on these things so on behalf of
our viewers let me say thank you
I feel like Lindsay's in good hands and
I feel like she will make an outstanding
plaintiff so good luck to us all thank
you all right well that's very
interesting thank you that's Howard
Leavitt he's an employment lawyer with
Levitt LLP the author of six legal
textbooks of course he's also a
columnist for the National Post and I am
thrilled that he is representing Lindsay
Shepard in the more I think about it the
more I think this case will be important
for the whole country not just for
Lindsay Shepard that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including
always - interviews today and I read my
hate mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
