I don't know how Brewers got on their
radar but that's their thing right now
so how would you encourage growth in
homegrown Alberta Brewers without
hurting everybody else along the way
so I think one of the things that's
really interesting is that I actually
think what they should do is lower the
markup the markup is now very high and
if you actually look at the annual
reports from the AG elsie beer
production so beer volumes and dollar
sales are down which is is almost an
unheard-of
event in in alberta history even in the
last downturn that we had kind of in the
let's say 2008 2009 the beer numbers
barely moved at all and and and beer
volume and sales dollars are actually
down two to three times the amount of
other of the other spirits so I think
that and so they're really proud of the
fact that Elbert up production if you
will is a larger share of what's being
sold but if you look at the numbers
given the overall drop in beer volumes
it would indicate to me that actually
even Alberta volumes are down so I think
a step one would be to give the
consumers relief on the beer markup it's
obviously gone very high Alberta used to
have the most affordable craft beer in
Canada where now if I understand
correctly the second-highest so that
would be step one that's an excerpt from
my weekly full-length show the gun show
on my show I take on the issues of the
day through my Alberta conservative lens
and I talked to
real newsmakers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
