here in universe in Bavaria
it's a beautiful German town II couldn't
be more German the people are distinctly
German and I have to say the woman at
the breakfast cafe this morning wasn't
that welcoming maybe something about the
war anyway here first up in the high
street are the greens good morning to
the greens
good morning congratulations these guys
are on about 18% which is huge for the
Greens it seems like perhaps people
don't know quite what to vote for so
they'll vote greens because that seems
like a nice thing to do
and next up as we come down the street
ah the AFD now the AFD are here in town
and they are campaigning as well
and the FD are performing strongly here
too and what we notice about the FD is
they are often labelled far-right but
what I've seen this morning is a whole
bunch of people out there with the AFD
supporting them this town is one of the
migrant hubs it has an anchor center in
it and for a lot of the local people
here particularly the woman the anchor
center is problematic so that's why
we've seen really strong results for
these guys the alternative for
Deutschland and they're performing
really well now if you want a stop story
on the other hand then you need to come
with me over this road we'll just
navigate the German traffic by walking
boldly into it I think that's a good
idea I'm down here are the CSU now the
CSU are designed and destined to take an
absolute walloping in this election
which I'm quite enjoying these guys and
will come and look at their rare poster
here these guys are the sister party of
Angela Merkel the CSU and they should
receive historic lows in this polls
these guys are going to get an absolute
battering and actually it's a kind of a
great thing because it's also a sort of
battering for Angela Merkel these really
are her twilight years and there will be
shock wave sent from here in Bavaria to
Berlin and frankly I'm quite enjoying
the drama I am here to bring you the
news that the mainstream media won't to
join me in my reports go to rebel
Bavaria calm and if you can help chip in
with any of our costs just to cover our
basics expenses I'd really appreciate it
go to rebel Bavaria calm
you
