first it was air conditioning now it's
roads turns out women aren't cycling
because roads are sexist and are built
by men or something
Helen paired of the Guardian has written
a very important article about sexism
and cycling she claims that women
shunned cycling because of safety not
helmet hair roads designed by men are
killing women and stopped millions from
cycling interesting let's see what she's
got to say it will come as little
surprise to anyone who cycles that twice
as many men as women ride their bikes at
least once a week according to research
from sus trans the cycling and walking
charity almost three-quarters of women
living in seven major UK cities never
cycled for local journeys the study
found despite this over two thirds said
their hometown would be a better place
if more people pedaled some seventy six
percent of women who already cycled or
wanted to start said segregated lanes
would help them to cycle more so women
are saying that more people should cycle
but more women aren't cycling sounds a
bit lazy and hypocritical to me and
maybe they hate the environment as well
hmm
as a woman who cycles I'm often asked
why so few others follow suit is it
because of helmet hair or the bottom
amplifying effects of lycra there's no
doubt that women generally feel more
pressure to look presentable than men
and although I'm rarely troubled by
saddle sores I find the logistics of
cycling to work a right pain in the bum
the skanky showers the outfit changes
the struggle to find somewhere discreet
to plug in a hair dryer so women are
more likely to need hair dryers and
women's work toilets that sounds like a
pretty sexist assumption to me mrs. paid
women do seem to be more vulnerable
perhaps because they are often more
reluctant to own the lane and so end up
in the gutter 10 out of 13 cyclists
killed in London in 2009 were women and
eight of them were killed by
left-turning HGVs according to the
campaign group cycling UK no helen pig
thinks it's because of sexist Road
planners xavier bryce sus trans believes
city planners are to blame 51% of the UK
population is female yet most of our
cities are failing to design roads and
streets for women to cycle he says it
cannot help that women remain
underrepresented among the transport
planners and engineers who design our
streets and most council leaders who
decide how to spend the transport budget
are man i don't get it what does gender
have anything to do with this how can
roads be sexist how come roads be
designed to be friendlier towards women
do we start using pink tarmac what's she
talking about by the way this idea that
not that many women cycle nonsense I
went to Cambridge recently and you could
barely drive there's that many women
staring and weaving in and out of roads
everywhere there's plenty of female
cyclists and what bigger cycling lanes
have been meant to be talking about that
we're gonna widen the cycling lanes and
make the roads you know thinner for cars
or do we have to engage in a huge
infrastructure project across the UK
that would cost tens of billions if not
more to widen all the roads if women
have a problem cycling on roads then
frankly it's their problem it's not Road
planners
recently we were told that cyclists were
just too white and now we're being told
by the Guardian that cyclists are just
too male it's sickening isn't it
when garden Easter's tell us that women
are too scared to cycle on road because
they're designed by men aren't they just
by listening women treating them like
children why do they treat women and
ethnic minorities like kids who need
pampering and looking after constantly
throughout their whole adult lives if
you want a cycle cycle if women want a
cycle go out and do it but you know why
women don't want a cycle go out and take
a cab it's no skin off my back
the left consistently demands equity in
everything from cycling to employment we
live in a free society sort of it's time
to stop telling women to be outraged
minorities to be offended and to stop
telling men to stop enjoying things that
they enjoy if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
