I'm Ezra Levant its June 14th and you're
watching battleground
welcome to the show it says for Levant
the president of the rebel dog media
course I prefer my formal title rebel
commander of the rebel dummy it's nice
to be back
my friend Sean Cardillo was in yesterday
as I was traveling what we do every day
at 12:00 noon eastern time 5:00 p.m. in
the UK 9:00 a.m. on the Pacific coast is
we take one hour of live chat it's
called super chat that's something that
YouTube is set up where as you can see
on the right-hand side of the screen you
can say whatever you like hundreds of
comments are made I try and pick out
some that are interesting but it's tough
to do that to be reading and sorting and
talking to the camera live I do do that
every Friday we call Friday free-for-all
we're almost exclusively read comments
and if you want your comment to stand
out you can do what YouTube calls a
super chat which is for a couple bucks
you can have your comment put it in
bright highlight and in fact if you put
in I think it's 5 bucks or more sort of
pinned to the top for a period of time
and the great news for content creators
like us is that YouTube actually shares
that dough with us they don't keep it
for themselves so it's a good
replacement for conservative media like
us who have been demonetized by the
social justice warriors at YouTube I
want to talk about Tommy Robinson today
I was shocked to learn that Tommy had
been moved from Her Majesty's Prison
Hull to another facility I and I'll tell
you why I was shocked by that and I'll
tell you what to make of that and why
I'm so concerned about that in a moment
we'll get into that it's funny that
we're on YouTube talking about this
because as you recall from our show last
week a parliamentary committee in the
United Kingdom at the UK Parliament
spent probably 20 minutes beating up a
YouTube executive from the United States
who was in London to take questions from
the MPs and all they wanted to talk
about was Tommy Robinson and getting his
content off youtube the and I found that
illustrative and maybe we can call up
any one of those clips my friends just
in the hand if we can bring call up just
any it can be just any clip from that
show last week Nazz sha a liberal
throwing a Labour Party MP who told
rather him rape victims to shut up she
was one of the ones leading the charge
against Tommy why is that relevant to
our conversation today well first of all
one of Tommy's videos was actually taken
down by YouTube the one where he said he
feared for his life isn't that
interesting why would that be taken down
I could that possibly I could that
possibly transgress YouTube's policies
and secondly and far more importantly it
showed the extreme lengths the United
Kingdom government would go to to
silence
Tommy Robinson they weren't even hiding
it I mean in Canada here you might
recall that our prime minister Justin
Trudeau of the shiny pony he had a
private conversation with in his case
the CEO of Facebook Sheryl Sandberg and
he threatened her that if she did not
crack down on what he called fake news
in advance the next election he would
crack down on Facebook for her so that
was off the record there was a private
conversation it was leaked to the
Toronto Star that said the only way we
learned about it in the UK there far far
further down the road than that they had
this public committee hearing televised
documented in transcripts the public
record where MP after MP demanded the
YouTube censor Tommy Robinson and just
as a reminder for those who didn't watch
the show last week when we talked about
this the Facebook executive sorry the
Google executive Google YouTube being
the same company executive they were
grilling was Google's head of
counterterrorism now you might think why
would an Internet company event a head
of counterterrorism well the answer is
because genuine terrorist groups like
Isis use YouTube for propaganda videos
for recruiting for communicating amongst
each other and it makes sense to have a
head of counterterrorism to block that
and so this guy was genuinely an expert
in al-qaeda in al-shabaab in Isis in
Islamic Jihad and Hamas Hezbollah at
terrorist groups but that is not what
the Labour MPs in the UK wanted to talk
to this head of counterterrorism well
they were trying to get him to say that
Tommy Robinson's videos of political
commentary were akin to terrorism and
must be taken down any luck in finding
that video you guys you still we're
still looking no problem well it's it's
not a rush I just want to put that as a
punctuation mark an exclamation point
the reason I mention that and well my
friends are digging up the video so I'll
show it to you when we get it is if
that's what they're willing to do in
public to tell me imagine what they're
willing to do in the darkness against
Tommy and again we already have a taste
of that just over a year ago when a
swat-style raid on Tommy Robinson's
house at 4:00 4:30 in the a.m. a judge
sent two squad of police to pull Tommy
out of bed shock and terrorize his
family the police raid at your home at 4
a.m. when he got kids at home why would
you do that to shock and terrorize
someone police don't were Tommy lives
they could have picked him up any time
of day
they could have waited till the kids
were at school and his wife was at work
they could have picked him up that way
no no they did that to shock it on
embarrass of stress amount so if that's
what the police will do in public raid
his house at 4:00 a.m. if the police if
they will if MPs will call for his
YouTube videos to be banned by YouTube
and Google in the name of terrorism if
that's what they'll do in public will
they not also undermine him where they
think they can get away with it
well of course is the answer and they've
done it before when Tommy has been put
in jail before for civil matters
they've put them in with lifelong
murderers and as you know most prisons
in the UK are dominated by Muslim gangs
what Muslim criminal in jail already for
life so there's no higher sentence that
can be meted out they don't have a death
penalty in the United Kingdom so let's
say you've got a Muslim murderer
in prison for the rest of his life so
they can't do anything more to him in a
way he's an outlaw in that you can't do
anything more to this man you can't give
him a higher sanction or a higher
sentence than he already has
so you're a Muslim murderer or a
terrorist in prison already at the max
what would restrain you in any way from
killing Tommy Robinson if he had the
chance in fact I would make you a martyr
or at least a hero if you were alive and
a martyr if for some reason you wound up
dead over a twitch how would that happen
so putting Tommy Robertson in a prison
in the United Kingdom in a prison that
has any domination by Muslim gangs which
is most of them is extremely dangerous
to him and the prison where he was sent
almost three weeks ago three weeks ago
tomorrow Her Majesty's Prison Hull which
is near Leeds in the north of the UK was
actually one of the safer prisons in the
United Kingdom for Tommy in that it was
not dominated by Muslim gangs and and
even though it is surely uncomfortable
to be in prison at all and of course
prisons are generally full of criminals
at least Tommy's life was not in
critical and imminent danger there but
yesterday I did hear the news that Tommy
was moved and this was a great surprise
to me as I had been in private
conversation with the family just a day
or two earlier a substantive
conversation about certain matters and
this you know everything we were talking
about other matters and I assumed like
that was a lie I haven't I don't talk to
Tommy's family every day that I have no
reason to and they would have no reason
to so I was I didn't believe it when I
first heard the news I thought well I
just talked to the family two days ago
and that that absolutely did not come up
well yeah that's because it was breaking
news and I was shocked and I didn't want
to believe it at first I thought oh
there's just so many rumors so many
rumors no it was true I had a confirm
I had it confirmed to me I didn't want
to take it as true because I did not
want it to be true but alas it is true
I'll talk to you a little bit about that
a moment first I want to say thanks to
Lulu BOMs who chipped in a buck and the
flying dutchman who chipped in a pound
thanks for that you guys if I see you're
doing the Super chats but if you want to
have some comments associated with your
super chat just type them right in and
I'll make sure to read those comments so
you don't just have to chip in at all
you can say as we read this comment and
I see it out of the corner of my eye
because my computer's on here who
controls where Tommy is who controls
what prison he's in well the answer is
it's not the courts it may have been the
judge in Leeds who sent Tommy to Her
Majesty's Prison Hull
he may have directed that particular
prison I don't think so I don't have the
court order in front of me from that
fateful day 20 days ago but generally a
prisoner in the prison system is at the
is subject to the decisions of the
prison the correctional authorities not
a judge there's no more hearings about
it
those are internal decisions often made
for inscrutable reasons so for Tommy to
be moved without notice or warning or
explanation or appeal is inherently
political and I must assume in the
absence of any evidence to the contrary
that it was done for political reasons
and we know what has been done to Tommy
before he has been deliberately put in
dangerous prison wards so that those
Muslim prisoners can do what so many
British politicians want to have done to
Tommy but can't or won't do directly
they think if we just put Tommy in the
general population our Muslim convicts
will take care of this turbulent man
I see some more super chats out of the
corner of my eye let me read them Tom
young John does Trump have the balls
like you needed to save Tommy of course
he has the courage you sure worthy and
of course he has the balls does he have
the IQ will Donald Trump is very smart
Donald Trump jr. has tweeted about
Tommy's case before it's true but is
this something that's a significant
enough priority between the United
States and the United Kingdom for Donald
Trump to weigh in on it first of all are
there more important things in the bilat
of a relationship that probably are but
more importantly and I do have someone a
friend of a friend who have connected to
who is part of the Trump administration
and I had an email chat with him about
two weeks ago and they were giving me
the line that the British Embassy was
obviously telling them or other British
sources which is this was a contempt of
court matter Tommy was wrong he was
jeopardizing the trial and you might not
like the ruling but it was lawful and it
was appropriate so I know for a fact
that the Trump White House was attentive
to the matter we know for a fact Donald
Trump jr. tweeted about the matter and
from this friend of a friend who I
connected with directly at the White
House they were actually fairly firm in
saying well here's what the Brits are
telling the White House this is not
political this is the integrity of the
trial was in jeopardy if Tommy had gone
too far it could have derailed the whole
trial now that's obviously a lie and
exaggeration and spin but that's the
British government pushing back so if
you're in the Trump White House you
think okay the Brits say this was legit
what we have on the other side are
pundits and conservative citizen
journalists are we really going to make
this a priority issue with the United
Kingdom so that's one answer there I see
some more stupid shots let me read them
quickly and my friends tell me they have
those clips that clip now from the
British Parliament Lulla bob says I've
heard that YouTube has recently
permanently
moving to video of Tommy's titled I
won't be around much longer have you
heard this yes I have heard that and I
went to Tommy's YouTube page just
yesterday and I can confirm the ban has
happened I see one from Jay Max has it
been any news Tommy is still alive what
if he has already killed and they are
keeping it secret so the people in the
UK will not erupt into riots
you're right man you're asking to deny a
negative if I'm to do that sir let me
rephrase that if something has happened
and it's a secret that had happened how
can we know if it has happened or not so
you're asking me to confirm a nullity if
he was killed but it's being a secret
how would we know well your premise of
your question is it's a secret so
obviously we wouldn't know I'm in a bit
of a position here and let me disclose
it to you as I mentioned I've been in
some touch with the family since
actually the day this happened 20 days
ago and I want to maintain the trust of
the family and I want to retain maintain
my own reputation of being able to keep
a secret or a confidence or a private
matter even if it's a little colorful
detail that would delight you if I were
to tell it to you I feel like I have a
certain moral obligation to keep my
conversations with the family
confidential and so while I know a
little bit about this story not much I
don't don't want to say well I talk to
so-and-so and he said this and I talked
to so-and-so and she said that I just
don't think that that's productive right
now because I'm I I am in some ways
trying to help in a low-key way but I
can tell you I received a communication
from the family yesterday that indicated
Tommy is a his life so that's the best I
have encountering your theory or your
suspicion or speculation that he might
be undone I hope that's not the case but
of course I wouldn't know about it until
god forbade I don't even want to
contemplate that but I believe it's fair
to say this tommy has been moved to a
prison there was no hearing to determine
that we must assume it's political we
must assume that tommy is still alive
I've contacted Tommy's lawyers and I
don't even want to tell you much more
than that
IVA ven they gave the answer that they
should which is their client is Tommy
and they're not at liberty to discuss
certain things with me or with other
journalists so you ought to be a little
bit cautious if you hear other people
who are describing legal decisions or
legal strategies to you I knew that when
I asked Tommy's lawyers certain
questions I knew that they would give me
the answer we can't we're not at liberty
liberty to discuss that because any
lawyer worth their salt has something
called solicitor client privilege which
is what they're doing for their client
is private it would be like a doctor who
would not just divulge a patient's
details if a famous person or a friend
of yours even were in hospital with a
medical condition and you called up the
doctor and said hey Doc what's happening
unless you were an intimate family
member who had some sort of standing the
doctor would not say oh well let me give
you a full rundown of his medical
situation it wouldn't because it's a
confidential matter and that's the same
with the lawyers so I don't want to go
into too much more detail but I can
confirm that this is a fact that I was
most upset to learn him because I had
spoken to the family short days earlier
and things were actually I think on a
positive track
El Chupacabra says do we know why Tommy
was moved to a different prison or wings
well that's my point
those decisions are not done out in the
open they're not Court decisions there's
not a hearing there's not a to and pro
and a con there's not a transcript
there's no evidence there's no
independent arbiter once you are within
the prison system they can make
executive decisions about where you are
and that makes sense I mean if someone
is involved in a fight in the prison
yard
would they be put into solitary
confinement for a day as a punishment
yeah and you wouldn't expect to have a
full hearing over that that would be an
executive decision and Minnis
creative decision made on the spot by
some prison warden or whatnot so it's a
it's an opaque decision but because we
have no information about it and because
we know the way the authorities have
treated Tommy before I believe it is
reasonable to worry that this was a
political punishment to Tommy
of him personally perhaps trying to get
him killed and perhaps in response to
the massive protest rallies that have
been held in support of Tommy including
one last weekend now a moment ago I told
you I wanted to show you a video of Nazz
Shah a Labour MP from the United Kingdom
I just want to show the first clip of
her grilling this YouTube Google
executive and just for ten seconds again
to remind you this is the head of
counterterrorism at Google his job is to
stop Isis Hamas Hezbollah al Qaeda not
nothing to engage in political
commentary but all Maz Shah wanted to
talk about is hey will you silence
Tommy's voice take a look when you when
you are searching for national action
well then the likes of and Britain first
listen despite the fact that the
Finsbury Park mosque where somebody was
killed and that's recently been imagined
despite the fact that videos of Tommy
Robinson was cited as part of the online
realisation of Darren Osborne in the
Finsbury Park court case YouTube
continues to promote them videos what
have you got to say about that we are
much more that we did a whole show on
that last week you can find it if you're
curious but she's not interested in
shining that on Qaeda or Isis she's
saying why don't you take down Tommy's
videos because some guy watched some
video by Tommy and that he was one of a
million viewers of Tommy and he did
something bad or whatever they're not
even hiding the fact that they want
Tommy silenced that was in Parliament
that was public record if they're
willing to say that in public what would
they not do in private a couple of super
chats Tom young John says UK police
Royals and politicians are corrupt
beyond repair I don't know why you would
put the Royals in there I don't know if
they have any hand in any of these
matters so I would exempt them without
any evidence on your part on I buy the
politicians and the police well remember
what Daniel Pipes says the 5p
professionals the press the politicians
the police the prosecutors and the
professor's I think that they absolutely
are as a group as a mob against Tommy
Robinson David R Isner says Ezra
wouldn't the prison guards be
sympathetic to Tommy's plight help keep
him safe maybe some would be but just
like the police I just listed the police
they're very politically correct these
days there are more than 900 police
officers in the Metropolitan Police
alone that's the London police force
more than 900 police in London who are
just on hate crimes feelings hurt words
mean tweets just stop and think about
900 people that think about the the room
that would fill the you know that that's
more than a normal movie theater that's
like a grand see a 900 police in London
alone let alone Manchester Liverpool
wherever 900 police on the hurt feelings
file so I don't know if police are who
you think they are anymore
and even if they are they have to follow
their boss's orders
and police I think by nature too many of
them take the path of least resistance
and if there's a trouble is it easier to
handle let's say a whole Muslim gang in
prison or one guy yeah I'm worried
I see another super chat you just read
them Elsie chipped in 20 bucks thanks
very much Elsie if you want to have a
comment please put that to me I
appreciate the 20 bucks that helps us
cover the bills here but the the super
fun thing about the super chats I guess
that's why they call it super is your
comment is tagged and pinned there for
five minutes or whatever so so if you
want to put a comment we'll keep an eye
peeled and I'll read it out
methyl Novak says the UK government
doesn't have the balls to be honest and
simply execute the citizens that don't
like instead they rely on their jihadi
henchmen to do the government's dirty
work that is the obvious inference of
transferring Tommy I am absolutely sure
I have no evidence before me but my year
spent getting to know Tommy tells me
that he would not have misbehaved as a
prisoner absolutely not he would know
his rights and he would speak out and he
would ask questions and he would insist
on things but I have never seen Tommy
resistant arrest get violent or
incendiary with a cop at all he's dealt
with comps enough in his life that he
knows what to do and what not to do I
and I know that Tommy wanted to be in if
he had to be in prison wanted to be in
HMP Hall because he was safe there so
this was not based on anything Tommy had
done Cave creature chipped in five
pounds it says if he dies in jail they
are all complicit in the murder yes I
believe so I believe so and not just the
politicians and the prosecution and the
prison authorities I received such a
stupid email from The Times of London
today asking me questions about Tommy
not even aware that Tommy went
independent several months ago asking me
really weird questions about Tommy's
relationship with the rebel Tommy
doesn't have a relationship with the
rebel other than were old friends I mean
he worked for us for a year he moved on
it was an amicable parting the ways of
reached of
family have had some private
conversations with them but I don't have
a formal relationship with tommy's
hasn't been on our payroll in months
you know we support him and we sent out
some emails sudden people know where to
find his new website and stuff but I
can't believe that a reporter for The
Times of London one of the most
prestigious papers in the English
language hasn't even done a basic Google
search they're asking such stupid
questions I it's just embarrassing for
the times I mean and that's the good one
the good one is just stupid most of the
press in the UK is malicious towards
Tommy and they would relish his murder
absolutely mmm metal Novak I've already
read your super chat let me see if I've
missed any I don't think I have all
right let's check the time is 1224 I
want to I want to say I don't have any
more first-hand information about Tommy
and you should be skeptical if someone
says they do because I have actually
made inquiries with the prisons about
connecting with Tommy directly and you
must understand that a prisoner does not
just have casual access to telephones or
to guests these things are regulated and
they're limited you could imagine
otherwise these prisoners would just be
on the phone all day just to kill the
boardroom who knows for any number of
reasons to run a business or whatever so
being a prisoner you are very limited
interactions with the outside world and
of course you would want to prioritize
your lawyers and your intimate family
and I admire the fact that Tommy's
friends and allies want to make his case
in the court of public opinion as do I
but beware of folks who are saying the
chattin with Tommy chit-chattin that
that's just not really happening he's in
a prison now one of the problems is he's
being treated as a criminal prisoner in
the prison as opposed to a civil
prisoner in the prison and that gives
you different rights inside and what I
mean by that is I mean Tommy was not
convicted of a crime he was convicted of
contempt
and I think that I think there are
certainly grounds for appeal hopefully
at the very least we can have his by
week his lawyers can achieve a proper
prison for him and more rights as a
prisoner because he's not there as a
murderer he's not there as a burglar
hopefully they can get him out on bail
hopefully have a proper appeal and I'm
not going to get into the legal strategy
because again I don't want to disclose
any confidences but I think it is
publicly known that that Tommy has a
firm that's helping him I won't go any
further than that I think I see a new
super chat I don't if I miss one I'm
sure my team won't send it to me it's 12
26 we're about halfway done I'm gonna
read a few generic comments about Tommy
and then we'll move on at the bottom of
the hour d a curly 218 chipped in 5
bucks thanks very much if you have a
comment please make it and I'll read it
Kim Sinclair would the government take
notice of 20,000 people showed up to
blockade the prison or bust him out yes
but I don't think it would be a positive
notice I think that would be regarded as
anarchic as possibly violent as a
violation of the rule of law so I don't
think that there should be a big rally
to use your phrase busts him out it's
just not gonna work guys it's just not
gonna work but to have a protest to
indicate displeasure that absolutely and
to have the protest at the prison yes
now I think it would be a bit of a
schlep I've had a report of where the
new prison is but I've heard two
different I've heard two different names
of two different prisons where he's been
held and so on until I can verify it
directly I don't want to say it and I
think it might actually be confidential
I don't know if I want to let even if I
knew if that's a confidential fact I
don't know if I want to publicize what
prison he's in I think it would be
excellent to have a large protest
outside the prison but only as a
political tool in the
Media tool not to bust amount I mean
maybe you're speaking metaphorically but
I worry again that the media is so
hostile and I think the police some
police leaders are very hostile they
would try and have a provoked an
incident to say oh look at these violent
yobs
I read a little bit more Blizzard media
the longer they keep telling me inside
during the World Cup you're asking for
big problems if they don't release could
be no more says dig for Tommy that's
sort of funny Sarah M Kim Sinclair you
could always bake him a cake with a file
in it
I appreciate the humor it's heavy
matters though it's heavy matters Ram
tuber 57 they're not going to give in to
protests well you're right and in some
ways you don't want a judge to give in
to protests you want judges to be
impervious to political pressure you
want someone who's innocent to be found
not guilty even if there's a mob saying
he did it I know it well if the facts
say someone's not guilty we don't want
to have mob justice and so the other
side of that if someone says he's
innocent if you know if someone is
popular they ought to be subject to the
rule of law even if there was a March
but I think the problem here is that
Tommy was not properly prosecuted or
convicted or sentence I think there were
a number of problems in fact you know
what can I can I read for you you just
made me think of something contempt of
court is an unusual species of law can I
read to you rule 48 point seven of the
Criminal Procedure rules can I give you
a little bit of law here so the whole
thing about law is over the years over
the decades over the centuries we figure
out our Civil Procedure our Criminal
Procedure in the UK in America in Canada
and these are codified codified as some
people say like Saint codified put into
a code so you know the law so you know
how to practice law and so you know what
expects of you and I want to read to you
part 48 of the Criminal Procedure rules
it applies to all contempt proceedings
in Criminal Courts and that's what this
was are you with me still have aboard
you too much
can I read rule 48 point seven look it
up look it up okay
I'm gonna quote it for you rule 48 point
seven and I'm talking about when Tommy
was in in court 20 days ago I'm talking
about when the seven people the seven
cops arrested them and took them before
the judge can I quote this one rule for
you think carefully about what I'm going
to say this is the rule the court must
arrange for the preparation of a written
statement containing such particulars of
the conduct in question as to make clear
what the respondent appears to have done
you see that
thanks for finding you guys you guys
found them very quickly thank you keep
that up on the screen so you can look at
that what does that mean
so Tommy was hauled off the street by
seven cops and he had a trial that what
was it like 12 minutes long did the
judging question prepare a written
statement look at 47 sub-2 do you see
where I am it's right in the middle
there post moment of inquiry 47 48 point
7 sub - do you see it there the court
must arrange for the preparation of a
written statement containing such
particulars what that means is
particular details that's what a
particular means of the conduct in
question
so what exactly that's what particular
means you can't be general you have to
be particular what are the particular
things that Tommy did to make clear what
he appears to have done what's that done
that's an example of what I mean there's
real grounds for an appeal here I am
skeptical that that rule was followed
you can take it down thank you I am
skeptical that that rule was following I
don't think we've had a proper airing of
the law or the facts in Tommy's case and
the reason I tell you that is the proper
way to bust Tommy out of jail is not to
bust him out of jail is to have a proper
hearing in an appeal I believe in these
rallies of course I do I want them to
continue of course I do I like the idea
of a rally outside prison actually I
really like that idea
but it has to be peaceful and what
worries me is that either a left-wing
anti-fur activists or some Police
Authority that despises Tommy will send
an agent provocateur who probably looks
like a Tommy supporter probably is
carrying a Tommy sign probably is
wearing football you know soccer apparel
and he's saying hey Tommy Tommy Tommy
Tommy Tommy Tommy Robinson oh you're one
of us and then he punches a cop throws a
beard
some I don't know now I'm not saying
those things never happen authentically
but I think Tommy's people are pretty
well behaved I'm worried and this is my
was I've talked to Tommy about this a
year ago I said I'm worried after his
Manchester protests I said Tommy I'm you
have five thousand people doing the
right thing if there's ten guys doing
something stupid that's what's gonna
make the headlines and I and they're
going to be incredibly negative
headlines and are they real or are they
provocateurs by the government by some
left-wing activist group I'm a little
nervous about it that said I think these
protests should happen
I think they should happen and enough
people the in this era of cell phone
video and Facebook live and YouTube
enough people will know the truth enough
people will get the truth online all
right I'm gonna read one or two more
comments and then we're gonna switch
subjects dirt dog England belongs to
Merkel and the globalist now r.i.p Tommy
I'm not gonna blame Merkel for this when
Merkel you know she I would put her to
blame for a lot of the financial matters
in the EU that generally doesn't touch
on the UK I would obviously place at her
feet two million Muslim migrants but the
Muslim migrants in the UK that are doing
the gang-rapes they weren't allowed let
in by Merkel they were let in often
years ago some of them were even born in
the UK I see a super Chad jabber wolf
says but the courts will drag their feet
for a year before an appeal I don't
think that's necessarily true
there's all sorts of ways to have a
expedited hearing you just got to apply
unfortunately that has not yet been done
I mean that may have been done today I
understand that the deadline for an
appeal appeal for Tommy is tomorrow 21
days from his day of conviction primp
allo a Tommy Robinson I won't be around
much longer is still on YouTube just not
on his channel okay well then I think
that means it has been reloaded then
because it was on his channel so I think
it has been reloaded again space cat are
there conduct hearings for judges
yes of course there are
but and some good people have filed
complaints against the judge and have
sent me copies of those complaints and
the response is what you would think it
is which is disagreeing with the judge's
ruling is not a matter of judicial
misconduct because a judge is allowed to
get it wrong that's why we have appeals
courts every time a judge gets something
wrong you don't fire the judge lengthen
the judge he's corrected legally by the
court above him and in some cases
perhaps the court above them I'm not
familiar with all the different streams
of the courts in the UK so if this judge
was wrong the judge who tried him for
contempt that doesn't equate with
misconduct and I don't think there would
have been I think the judge was wrong
and I think he was procedurally wrong
and substantively wrong but that does
not rise to the level of misconduct
which suggests that he was doing
something morally wrong as opposed to
just making a mistake to see the
difference you can make a mistake you
can even be hot-headed as a judge and
that does not yet rise to the level of
misconduct would you agree with me a
super Chad Andrews senior child rapists
are segregated in prison for their
protection our Muslim Home Secretary
throws the guy who talks about child
rapist to the walls it may be that the
Home Secretary who was recently replaced
in the UK I think Javid Sabbath I forget
his name I doubt he was personally
involved in this prison move I just
doubt it but maybe he is responsible for
it ultimately politically Mike Levine
says does the First Amendment protect
free speech in the u.s. what about Molly
Norris her name should be a household
term well of course the First Amendment
protects free speech in the u.s. that is
the only place where the First Amendment
applies regrettably and the fact that I
do not know Molly Norris confirms your
premise that she is not a household name
for it her name has not been heard in my
household
Oh interesting Ryan 6 85 84 Hal Gower is
a family friend put up a statement on
her Twitter with up-to-date information
well I am gonna go there right now is
she on Twitter or is she on Facebook she
is a legit source and I myself did not
interact with hell but I know that I'm
just looking right now okay I'm on hell
gaurs Facebook page assert Twitter page
lel g is her twitter yes Tommy Robinson
has been moved yes the prison has a high
percentage of Muslims and then but Tommy
Robinson is okay at the moment being
hysterical and whipping everybody up is
not going to help Tommy Robinson as far
as I'm aware
Tommy Robinson had has no credit until
Friday and cannot make calls so I don't
know where his cameraman got his info
I'm gonna retweet that right now
that that's hell being a little bit more
blunt than I was it's difficult to talk
to Tommy in prisons you understand that
it's I mean I've thank god I've only
been to prison in I kept at when I was I
remember when I was a young lawyer I I
had to serve a prisoner with a court
order a restraining order I had to go
into maximum security it was I was
scared I was very young I I had I was
serving a restraining order on a man in
prison which I don't even understand
that book is it an extended so I went I
had to go into that maximum escape and
they called this prisoner and I served
him but I was scared I won't lie I won't
lie it's the only time I've ever been
inside a prison and it is a highly
regulated environment and it's not just
it's just not a place where you can be
phoning anybody and I have tried quietly
and privately to to connect with Tommy
and I have not been able to I'm not
embarrassed to say that because it's
obvious why would tommy want to talk to
me as opposed to his family or his
lawyers you know God forbid Tom
had to serve his full sentence and
that's not likely as we talked before
about what's called tag which is the
British Way of saying parole god forbid
he served 13 months yet maybe I'd get
one of his phone calls if he's there for
13 months but it's not like Tommy's just
banging the phones all day he's not like
sitting there texting all day so the
calls are going to his wife and some
other very close family members and it
sounds like hell
Helen is in touch with him yeah thanks
for putting that up and I'm not here to
fight with any of Tommy's advocates but
I was trying to chase down these rumours
yesterday and I and I talked to some
people privately who were talking about
I said can I ask where you got the
information and it was always secondhand
because I wanted to know you know how
can you even be talking to Tommy so
Hel's comment is basically a way of
saying he's not he's not even I mean let
me put it to you remember Tommy wasn't
even able to meet with his lawyer for
six days there seven days don't tell me
he's chatting with journalists he's not
anyway I'm glad thank you for that
comment
I'm really glad you brought that to my
attention Ryan six eighty five eighty
four all right I'm gonna read a couple
more comments about Tommy miss little
pig Tommy will not you leave the UK as
it is his home I think you're right I
mean taking Tommy out of the United
Kingdom is like taking a tiger out of
the forest Tiger out of the jungle it's
just Tiger doesn't want to live in a zoo
now I'm not calling America or Canada
the zoo but it's just his home it's his
home it's his history it's his family
history it's his community he loves it
it's Tommy loves the British culture the
British history the British Way the
British people he does I think and I'm
just speculating if his life in the life
of his family were truly in jeopardy I
think he would might consider
if an opportunity was available to him
to leave but that's tough though because
he has a criminal record even has some
passport issues I don't even know if he
could leave and I I just I can't imagine
Tomi being somewhere else I mean of
course he would be a star in the US or
Canada from not Canada we'd be too
censorious of him but I just the idea of
Tomi not in the United Kingdom is too
hard I mean in his friends and and Tommy
is about friends and like it's a man of
the streets he doesn't sit at home in
isolation all day Jake right I got a
feeling they're going to keep Tommy
inside prison for 13 months well it's
possible it's possible but the general
practice is to be released before the
full term
rat-boy Tommy would have insisted on
solitary from day one depending on the
wing he was in the ward he was in the
prison he's in like I say I've heard
that he was in two different prisons
from people who know well then obviously
you don't know if you're talking to
Tommy you probably know what prison he's
in I had two people who had some
knowledge gave two different facts so
I'm skeptical a little bit like hell but
I'm not going to talk about that
raving loony says UK prisons are full of
mobile phones believe me okay I do
believe you but I don't know if Tommy
has one and I don't know if he is
allowed to use one I don't know I'll
tell you one thing we saw his phone
being taken away from him didn't we when
he was arrested are the KGB scriptures
annoying you it says Tommy Robinson has
not even safe from the prison screws in
the seg unit block Canada is under
British rule prison screws that's a
nickname for jail guards and the seg
unit yet could be the dude says London
has fallen sending the Marines
Gary barnacle he is only two miles from
where I live in Leicester Nick well
that's the thing I've heard I've heard
two different reports of where he is so
I would ask you Gary how do you know Amy
Ward Tommy doesn't have one I believe
that's accurate I believe if Tommy had a
phone he would be talking to people and
putting up messages
Dana black says Tommy dead Sky News I'm
extremely skeptical of that I mean I see
rumors like that and just now I just
typed in Sky News Tommy Robinson and I
sorted by date and that it's not I mean
I hate those room you see what I mean
you just said a rumor there that was
incendiary and inflammatory and exciting
and terrifying but I don't think that's
true and why would you say that why
would you say that I want to get people
revved up for the right reasons to
motivate them to do something positive I
think rallies or positive speaking is
positive but saying that Sky News claims
Tommy is dead is not positive and you
may be a provocateur maybe you may be
your Tommy hater for posting as a Tommy
supporter black cube mystery do the
goyim know that's just stupid that's
just stupid I'm a Jew Tommy's a Philo
Semite Tommy his friends
Jewish Christian Hindu Tommy loves the
Sikhs Sikhs love Tommy and Tommy has
more Muslim friends than any white
liberal I know so this has got nothing
to do with going which is a term for
Gentiles Rapala I believe a message will
come out from Tommy there will be along
the lines of keep the protest peaceful
yeah wouldn't surprise me Harry Hill
let's keep it positive people John Smith
why are no mainstream news outlets
talking about it well they hate Tommy
but I mentioned to you the Times of
London reached out to me today with
stupid questions they thought Tommy's
still working for us for example how do
you not know that how could you write
for The Times of London one of the most
prestigious papers in the world and not
even do a basic Google search if you're
following the Tommy Robinson file you
know he's got independent months ago
I've said that he said that we did you
know it's how do you how are you so clue
but the clueless ones probably are less
awful than the malicious one black hue
mystery with more stupid anti-semitism
onions to get back laughing of legends
love the stream well done three
lightning Winston Churchill will be very
disappointed in UK right now I think
that's true I've you know I sometimes
you know sometimes daydream about what
London would have been like around the
year 1600 there was so much going on
right at that moment I mean remember the
the great military victory of war was of
1588 you had King James come in you had
the King James version of the Bible
being authored you had Shakespeare you
had the British Empire the colonies in
North America the British Navy I mean
what an exciting time a time of
adventure and exploration I think that
was in London the preeminent city of the
world and knowledge and science and and
the evolution of political freedom I
think that probably would have been one
of the most interesting fascinating
lively places and times in
all world history it's a daydream I know
it's silly to just talk like that
but imagine Shakespeare and the King
James Version at the same time in the
same place that's just the language and
the ships and the travel and the exotic
exploration and India amazing that's
British spirit and I think we saw that
same courageous adventurous lion spirit
under Churchill right he's a bulldog
more than a lion and who would have been
flying those Spitfires I'm and outgunned
in the Battle of Britain who would have
done that
the Tommy Robinson's of the 1930s and
40s right I guess I was 1940 the Dunkirk
and the Normandy in 1944 that's the
spirit that is the spirit that made that
little island conquer the world from
America to India to Jordan the whole
world
that's how could one little island
dominate our whole planet South Africa
Egypt how this spirit the spirit and the
courage and the culture and the history
and the ideas the philosophy and yes
therefore I agree with you I think
Britain in 1940 was full of Tommy
Robinsons
full of them and they were led by a very
grave man who in his own youth had the
spirit of Tommy Robinson you should
study Churchill if you haven't you know
he fought in five Wars five Wars I'm
saying World War two is he fought he led
the fight there and I think he was the
First Lord of the Admiralty in the first
world war but he was in the Sudan he was
in the Boer War I'm trying to remember
you in world war one world war two I
think I'm leaving out one war
courage he had courage and he had belief
in the destiny in the United Kingdom
where are the HOS Brits today how did
this pacify bureaucratized disarmed
politically corrected Britain come from
such blood do they have nothing left in
their blood
now I'm not criticising or condemning
I'm actually trying to awaken and revive
and that's why I admired Tommy is he was
a throwback to those eras I see more
Super chats Tom young john dave rubin
claimed on joe rogan
that tommy was quote in there prison for
the right reason so i no longer support
rubin until he attracts well look I
didn't see what Rubin said the rumen is
very busy on tour with Jordan Peterson
and I'm not sure how carefully he's
following this case he may have seen I
told you earlier about a friend of a
friend of mine who's in the orbit of the
White House who was saying what the
White House position was if he was
speaking for them is that they had been
told a certain line from the UK this
isn't political this is about the
integrity of the legal system it's about
protecting the integrity of the trial
Tommy could have screwed like that the
official line is what the White House
has been sold and I think that maybe
Dave rumen has seen that line and has
not seen the counterpoint to it but why
don't you bring the counterpoint to Dave
Rubens attention I find Dave Rubin is
quite open-minded
a couple more super shots coming in Mike
Levine says Molly Norris was a
cartoonist who after self-park promoted
drama Hamady she disappeared she should
be a household name free Tommy Robinson
Tommy is a patriot or a patriot and a
real hero okay now I do remember Molly
Norris and she had to become a
non-person
because of the threats I don't think
that's necessarily a First Amendment
issue the First Amendment protects
individuals free speech from government
encroachment the fact that she was
threatened is more a criminal matter
and the First Amendment isn't really
that I don't think that applies the
First Amendment is a limit on government
power if an individual is threatening
Molly Norris for that that's not a
government issue in other than the
government has to enforce the criminal
law vizac says have you seen Paul
Weston's Orwellian jailing of Tommy
Robinson people have sent it to me and
I'm sorry I just haven't had the time I
just haven't had the time to go through
it there's just so much going on and I'm
trying to create my own content with
this show every day at noon and my show
every night at 8 p.m. plus I'm trying to
do there's so much out there and it's
wonderful actually and that's the
antidote to the mainstream media and the
old dying media like the The Times of
London you know you get an email from
the Times of London it's like if you get
an email from the New York Times in the
United States it's exciting because they
like the prestige paper and I have to
tell you I was actually disappointed
that they had such a dummy
reaching out I just thought geez The
Times of London I mean that's like whoa
The Times yeah they just a clueless
clueless or malicious let's say you know
an impressed that you do these live
shows and take comments as we keep it up
what is fun it's fun and it's good to
get some real feedback and a spectrum of
you some fans some foes and III can't
read them all I can't read them all but
I try and read all the super chats
because if you're chipping in five bucks
least I can do is read your comment and
I read some other ones can the Prime
Minister pardon Tommy
that's what m'dog asks I don't know if
the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
has the same power of the pardon as the
u.s. president my guess is no I don't
know that for a fact but I'm
extrapolating from here in Canada we
have a legal system that is very much
based on that of the UK and here what
the process of a pardon is is not in the
sole discretion of the Prime Minister
there's a process and it's an
application and you it's not you know
Donald Trump takes a call from Kim
Kardashian looks at some facts gets a
legal opinion and pushes a button it's
done I don't believe it's like that
and by the way if it was do you really
think Teresa back with Barton shot me
Robinson Teresa may is a wet noodle I
mean she's not even prosecuting the
brexit which was her mandate yeah I mean
it's it's I take your point you're
asking if that power the pardon exists
in UK without checking my instinct is no
it doesn't but even if it did you really
think Teresa may is going to use that
power for Tommy more likely she'd use it
for some terrorist ah I may read some
more Norway says a victim will know
frustrating watching keyboard warriors
you don't know anything about history
other than what they force-fed by the
media all right Steve s only prison is
category seen on maximum security he
used to be a young offenders place I
know I went there but I don't think
Tommy would be there that is one of the
the two prisons is probably I guess I
don't know how many prisons I've heard
Tommy's had and yeah I googled that
prison to check it out I just want to be
guided a little bit by what he'll said
and we showed you want to put a tweet
back up again thanks guys
this is Helen Gower I've never
interacted with hell directly but I know
she's a friend of Tommy's a genuine
long-standing friend since CBL days I'm
aware Tommy Robinson has no credit until
Friday and cannot make calls you see
that so you know you know is he an only
is he here is he there I don't know and
I want to know because I'm very curious
I want to know because if there's some
way we can help I'd like to I want to
know because I'm in the journalism
business and I want to tell you but we
can't just make stuff out I'm as curious
about this as you are maybe even a touch
more since I had a year interaction with
Tommy and we fought a contempt of court
case in Canterbury with some success so
yeah but I don't know even what prison
he's in and I until I hear it directly
from Tommy or his direct family I'm just
not going to take it
gospel Michael Isaacson from Sweden if
the worst came to pass with Tommy let's
pray that it won't what do you think
would happen in Britain just afterwards
well I take your your premise or your K
V that you don't want it to happen and
hopefully it won't but God forbid I
think you would see riots and they would
not be from agents provocateurs they
would be genuine and authentic and they
would blame the authorities and they
would blame this judge for having put
Tommy needlessly in jeopardy and for
having an inappropriate prosecution
conviction and sentencing there would be
rage and I'm afraid it would be violent
and I don't say this with any
encouragement or any glee I am just
saying God forbid that would happen it
would be a powder keg because Tommy is
the voice for the Forgotten people and
it would reasonably be taken it as a
silencing of that point oh my god is
1258 we didn't even have a chance to get
in our other subjects in the day I see
we have a couple more super chats I'm
going to read them right away in my
final moments Mike Levine great work
Esther you make me proud to be a
Canadian
well thanks Mike I appreciate that dawn
quick Stan says Ezra thanks for your
Tomi news please look up Nazz shaw
retweets she was an MP she was on the NP
vs. youtube yes i know what you're
talking about
maybe we can even find that tweet yeah
here it is um we showed this last week
if Eve if you missed it go back last
week we had we showed an extended
viewing of that interaction so Nash
Shaw's a Labour MP who liked and
retweeted this so she didn't author it
but she affirmed it and spread it
exactly I reek
those abused girls in Rotherham and
elsewhere just need to shut their mouths
for the good of diversity could you
imagine telling a ray
victim - shut your mouth and shut up for
the good of diversity she actually liked
that and retweeted it but she's saying
Tommy should be silenced - of course
shut up the rape victims shut up Tommy
and when an MP does this publicly and
demands you to publicly demands YouTube
silence a voice do you doubt that behind
the scenes people like Nash Shaw are
doing everything in their power to have
Tommy purse permanently silenced in
prison I'm afraid that is more than a
conspiracy theory I'm afraid it is a
track record of how the authorities have
been in dealing with Tommy I'm afraid it
is the brazen goal of people like Nash
Shaw and I am terrified that there are
those within the prison authorities that
would do the same
my clock tells me it's one o'clock an
hour has passed that's it for today's
show I'll be back here 12:00 noon
tomorrow 12:00 noon Eastern Time
if you want to watch my show tonight
it's at 8:00 p.m. Eastern until next
time on behalf of all of us here rebel
world headquarters goodbye and keep
fighting for freedom
you
