from banning knives Facebook post people
don't like and reporters covering Muslim
grooming gangs abusing children in their
cities many EU elites have done
everything in their power to control the
narrative in their little worlds and
just when you think you can't get any
more ridiculous there is a push for a
new copyright law that would essentially
ban memes memes any plans to deal with
the spike in crime rate murders and rape
no we care about memes I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood first question
why next how so apparently the EU is on
the verge of collapse so they need
something for the constituents to focus
on because if they were forced to
address the failures of mass migration
and the restrictive regulations on
speech under the guise of political
correctness or as I've heard it said
intellectual fascism then they would be
forced to look at themselves in the
mirror these obvious self-inflicted
wounds would force them to address the
policies that brought on these crises in
the first place and that's just not an
option so now they imprison people that
speak out on these crimes and ban the
memes that Mock the blatant missteps
taken next how would you ban memes the
same as any totalitarian measure put
into practice you simply wrap it up with
a nice progressive bow for example in
2016 European Commission President
jean-claude Juncker said that he was
advocating for this simply because he
wanted quote journalists and publishers
and authors to be paid fairly for their
work unquote you see how they did that
you see our countries in our union are
struggling because we have to make sure
any screenshots or photo parodies by our
citizens go through the proper channels
so we can pay people for their content
even though the people that are creating
use are not getting paid at all we are
trying to sauce people that are pointing
out our hypocrisy and inept leaders we
are just here to make sure everyone is
compensated fairly we promise this is
also such a classic example of
regulations limiting freedom and access
and bars to entry in different various
fields because the cost of regulating
and making sure every single piece of
content posted is up to regulation
status and is going through the proper
channels very few platforms will
actually have the capital to follow
through with this new policy if
implemented campaigners against this
were cited saying quote the law would
destroy the Internet as we know it allow
big companies to control whatever we see
and do online unquote hey big brother
the good news is this actually
has been tried before Spain tried to
implement a similar law back in the day
and it was responsible for his sparking
some of the greatest memes of that
period
hopefully we see the same nonviolent
comedic resistance shine a light in the
face these bureaucrats who need to focus
on the real issues plaguing their
communities today I'm Ben Davies this is
Holly and another fantastic news you can
now download the rebel up and take me
with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content in the entire rebel
lineup
you
