last night Conservative Party leader
Andrew Scheer fired MP Maxine Bernier
from the Conservative Party's Shadow
Cabinet and now I need your help to do
something about it
I really don't want to do a big deep
down dive on what supply management
really is so I'm just going to give you
a brief Reader's Digest version in
Canada our dairy and eggs are under a
quota system meaning farmers can only
produce a certain volume of their
produce and so what this does is
artificially inflate the price to the
consumer it's basically a command
economy created for these two products
and if a farmer over produces his quota
sometimes he has to literally spill milk
on the ground so that he's not creating
an oversupply of milk that would drive
the cost down to the consumer the farmer
in the end could have made a little bit
of money selling the milk at a discount
but instead he gets nothing because he
has to protect the quota and supply
management really
it hurts farmers but it hurts the poor
too because they're the people who can
least afford to pay artificially
inflated prices for these basic
foodstuffs and it jeopardizes trade
deals with our trading partners because
they're trying to sell dairy into our
market that's being produced freely and
cheaply as opposed to under a quota
system and so to protect the
overinflated quota prices from being
driven down by this influx of cheap
orderi canada has imposed exorbitant
tariffs on imported dairy products it's
like a bad Stalinist joke controlling
the supply to drive the cost up to the
poor and enrich the wealthy farmer and
dairy farmers yeah they're pretty
wealthy when you fact in the value of
their quota
many of them are millionaires a command
economy is Marxist at its core is not
something that any conservative I think
should ever support but you know what
some do I suppose they have their
reasons fine whatever
I'm not the conservatism police which
brings me back to Quebec MP Maxime
Bernier he was just removed by
and Russia R as infrastructure critic
and sent to the back benches for
opposing supply management Bernier has
never made a secret of his views on
supply management he even wrote a
chapter in his forthcoming book on
supply management and that chapter has
been public for weeks on his publishers
website
Bernier even campaigned and very nearly
won the Conservative Party of Canada's
leadership race and ending supply
management was a central tenant of his
very nearly successful campaign and that
race was close I cannot stress how close
the leadership vote was fifty one
percent for Shearer - bearnaise forty
nine percent and we all know now that it
was Quebec dairy farmers who delivered
the victory for shear in the arcane
rules of the Conservative Party
leadership contest every riding has the
same number of points so a rural Quebec
riding with only fifty Conservative
Party members counted as much as a
Calgary or Toronto riding with thousands
of party members voting signing up all
those convenient Quebec dairy farmers
based on a bombardier style promised to
keep them wealthy and protect them from
outside competition let sheer beat
Bernie a fifty one to forty nine percent
and now Shearer is returning the favor
Shearer is letting the dairy cartel
decide who can be a Conservative
politician in Canada regardless of what
a huge swath of conservatives actually
want and that my friends is just not
conservative and I don't mean big see
official conservative I mean small see
grassroots conservatives like me we
believe in freedom we believe in free
trade and small government and no
special favors or handouts for special
interest groups like Lombardi a or the
dairy cartel and you know what else they
believe we believe in letting MPs have
the right to speak to Brittany's book
excerpt was published weeks ago and his
views on supply management have been
well-known for years but now because
President Trump is threatening a trade
war with Canada because of Canada's
supply management system Bernier
is out everyone in all parties are
rallying around Trudeau and some
misplaced active economic nationalism
despite Trudeau's bumbling virtue
signalling and anti Americanism just for
the sake of it being the reason we
landed in this mess in the first place
in the last week being Pro Canada has
morphed into being anti Trump and Pro
expensive cheese for some reason we're
in another dimension now bernie is
actually being treated the same way the
Liberal Party of Canada treats their
pro-life MPs within their own ranks you
gotta shut up or you're gonna be demoted
even if you are doing your very best as
an MP to represent the people who sent
you to Ottawa in the first place by
tossing Bernie aide to the back bench
for expressing a mainstream conservative
principle shares also tossing over 49%
of his own party supporters to the back
bench to imagine thinking it was
politically wise right now to slap half
the party in the face I don't know who's
advising share to constantly score on
his own net all of the time but what I
do know is shares listening to the wrong
people
when he really needs to be listening to
conservative supporters conservative
donors and the Conservative Party of
Canada membership who voted by half to
support Bernie a and Bernie as new ideas
I mean think about it right now we could
and should be talking about how Trudeau
has mismanaged the g7 meeting and any
and all trade negotiations with the
Americans in such a manner that it is
now threatening to spiral the Canadian
economy into the toilet instead all
anybody's talking about is the rift in
the Conservative Party well done Andrew
Shearer well done I hope the Liberals
send you a thank-you card for changing
the channel so effectively for Justin
Trudeau and his ridiculous eyebrows you
guys know I'm from a family farm and
make no secret about that and I remember
when the Conservative Party of Canada
fought against the Soviet style Canadian
Wheat Board
I remember seeing farmers torn apart
from their families in handcuffs
just fighting for marketing freedom
farmers were sent to jail just because
they wanted the right to make decisions
for themselves about the products they
produce without government or cartel
intervention and at the time the
Conservative Party of Canada stood
behind those farmers because it's the
right thing to do it's a conservative
principle to believe in the ability to
choose your own destiny and take
responsibility for your own actions but
did you know that conservative party
policy 122 is to officially support
Supply Management it's right here
ironically right below that official
Conservative Party policy to support
autonomy and freedom for other farmers I
bet most party members and people who
even voted for and Russia are in the
leadership race don't know that policy
exists now the great thing is that
policy can be changed you can do it in
August at the policy convention in
Halifax if you start to get organized
right now but in the meantime Andrew
Shearer is making the entire party toe
the line
on that policy and he is effectively
punishing the most outspoken critic
within the conservative ranks and I know
that there are good conservative MPs
that I admire and respect who do support
Supply Management and that's fine
because I think conservatism is a big
tent idea libertarians and social
conservatives and even economic
anarchists can all exist together if we
have the shared goals of small
government low taxes and personal
responsibility
I don't want those Supply Management
conservative types purged from the party
either
I don't want an Andrew shear or Sheila
gun Reid or Justin Trudeau ideological
purity test for conservatives
administered by the good folks at the
CBC I think Andrew Shearer should be a
lot more like Stephen Harper just wait
hear me out here after Harper won the
party leadership in 2004 he was gracious
and magnanimous towards his rivals he
even appointed people like Tony Clemente
and Peter MacKay to very powerful posts
within his cabinet and his shadow
cabinets he didn't hold a grudge harper
held out his hand in
peace he was ecumenical to those MPs
supporters as well
Andrew shear lost in Alberta Manitoba
Newfoundland Labrador the Northwest
Territories Nunavut and even Quebec
Bernier raised more money and signed up
more party members than Shearer did and
Shearer is forgetting that the party
elites are forgetting that too sure
you know what I'll concede it Bernays a
little rambunctious and rough around the
edges but yeah so are most conservatives
who aren't those official elite
conservative types traveling in the
well-heeled circles of Ottawa and
Calgary if Shearer can keep a pro carbon
tax pro m103 blasphemy motion read Tory
like Michael Chong on his front bench as
the Shadow Minister for infrastructure
communities and urban affairs then
surely there is room for a conservative
with different ideas like Bernier has
with ideas that will cost me less in the
long run not more
Andrew cher campaigned on defunding
universities that didn't respect free
speech and a diversity of ideas does
anybody really after seeing this wreck
trust him to follow through on that
promise I have a very hard time
believing now that he would does anybody
really believe that Andrew Shearer won't
cave and capitulate on the carbon tax
the very first time the liberal or the
mainstream media accuse him of being a
trump style deny or with trumpian style
politics
I mean Shearer did that when he whipped
the vote on the Paris Accord and made
his MPs march lockstep with the Liberals
don't get me wrong I genuinely like
Andrew share all this being said I like
the guy he is the leader even on his
worst day he is a better choice in
Trudeau on his best but being better
than Trudeau is a low bar for leadership
and success I want Shearer to be the
best conservative and I want him to
respect other conservatives with
divergent ideas from the official party
line the Conservative Party of Canada
will still call you when they need
donations and volunteers and when they
need to count on you for your vote
they're going to come around
I promise you hat in hand and they'll do
it very soon when the Conservative Party
of Canada calls you up and asks you for
more money maybe you let them know that
you can't afford it this time because
you spent all your money on cheese milk
butter and eggs but there is more that
you can do than just be snarky with the
party things that we can do together I
have a petition don't worry it's not
even about Supply Management B Supply
Management if you want or not that's
something the party can sort out for
itself in August at their next policy
convention my petition is about
conservatives not acting like
totalitarian liberals demanding
ideological conformity from half of us
here is my petition at save Bernie a.com
it reads we demand that Andrew Shearer
respect the diverse range of
conservative opinions within his own
party on the issue of supply management
and we demand that he reinstate Maxine
Bernier to the conservative shadow
cabinet that's it let us debate ideas
and let the best idea win that's a
conservative value you can sign my
petition at save Bernie a calm and let's
send a message to Andrew Shearer that he
needs to respect half of conservatives
who supported Bernie a so that we can
all get down to the business of beating
Justin Trudeau for the raveled media I'm
Shiela gun Reid I want to send a message
to Conservative Party leader Andrew
Shearer he needs to respect the diverse
range of opinions within his own party
MP Maxine Bernier represents the
opinions and ideas of roughly half of
Conservative Party members and Andrew
sheer needs the support of those people
to win against our slow-witted prime
minister Justin Trudeau I want Maxine
Bernier put back into the shadow cabinet
and I hope you do too you can sign my
petition calling on Andrew Shearer to do
just that at save Bernie a calm
