Canada is not a country says who says
the househusband of federal cabinet
minister Catherine McKenna
that's who well there it is right in the
headline Canada is not a country and
know this tripe wasn't published in some
radical left-wing freebie fish rap like
Toronto's Now magazine rather this
nonsense appears on page fourteen of the
June issue of Maclean's a periodical
proclaiming itself to be Canada's
national magazine gee they might want to
rethink that tagline given that there's
apparently no such thing as Canada the
author of this direct is none other than
Scott Gilmore aka the hubby of climate
Barbie when one thinks about entitled
elitism this is surely the poster boy
for Canada or that plot of land that is
referred to as candidate I suppose
here's the Reader's Digest version of
the Canada is not a country manifesto
number one for starters when Gilmore
flies to Manitoba to visit his parents
Heba moans that the cost of a ticket is
more than what it would cost to fly to
Peru any US state or a European country
apparently the idea of supply and demand
economics as it pertains to the
commercial aviation business in a large
yet sparsely populated nation is
completely lost on this Harvard MBA
candidate number two less than 10
percent of Canadians have ever visited
the North somehow someway a prerequisite
for nationhood at least according to
Gilmore involves the majority of its
citizens visiting all regions of that
nation hmm maybe it's those pricey
domestic airline tickets that are
killing the Wonder lust of Canadians
number three Gilmore then states the
following quote no one has successfully
argued that Canadians are a people we do
not even pass the most rudimentary test
of a nation as those United
by common descent history culture or
language end quote
whose test is this is there some
official operators manual for a country
that details all the nitty gritty and if
so I've never heard of it and finally
number four Gilmore then laments that we
can't even do stuff like build pipelines
yeah
he seriously wrote that the irony must
be completely lost on him given he's
married to the climate change minister
in the Trudeau liberal regime a
government that is so tragically
mismanaged the energy file including and
especially not being able to build
much-needed pipelines simply due to a
lack of political spine so then if
Canada is not a country what is it then
Gilmore conveniently provides an answer
quote I would argue that we are merely a
collection of people who happen to be
moving roughly in the same direction end
quote Wow
just a random collection of people kind
of like the audience at the multiplex
for a Tuesday viewing I'm sure that
definition would come as news to those
Canadians who fought in the first and
second world wars for example watershed
moments in Canada's history periods in
which this nation punched well above its
weight but I guess in Gilmore's book
those soldiers were a bunch of rubes I
mean really imagine spilling blood and
even making the ultimate sacrifice not
for a country but for a concept Oh what
suckers look I need not present a
further inventory of what makes Canada
Canada real Canadians who love this
country
yeah I said it gilmore country they are
already well aware of what makes Canada
not just a country but perhaps the best
country in the world
finally Gilmore concludes as lament for
this thing called Canada by stating the
following quote these are sunny days but
the weather will change and when our
storm arrives we may all discover that
Canada was never really a country at all
end quote
yeah
speaking of sunny days and sunny ways if
there is an architect who is changing
this metaphorical weather is it not the
Trudeau liberals
this summer it is predicted that four
hundred illegal migrants will enter this
thing called Canada on a daily basis the
storm has already arrived but our prime
minister thinks open borders is a good
thing so no harm no foul I suppose and
how's this for yet more perverse irony
folks Gilmore takes a paycheck from
MacLaine's which exists only due to an
annual two million dollar
taxpayer-funded welfare check his
cabinet minister wife also sucks upon
the Canadian taxpayer teat for her
sustenance so in the final analysis
Canada might not be a country but at the
Gilmore McKenna household oh they'll
pretend as though it is one as long as
those Government of Canada checks
continue to clear for the rebel dog
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the Breville has our brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
