how did you find us
just like my wife likes him my son likes
him and this is the reality it's really
boring and shocking sometimes but that's
the way it is now tell me about the
percentage that you anticipate that you
will get here Hema what's the percentage
that you expect to receive of the vote
for the AFD okay altogether in the
country 15 yes said in Munich it will be
10 if we are lucky 11 it's quite like
that you're voting isn't it there is
this sort of sort of sense of is it
dissing Dorf just do Gondorff where the
AFD vote is very high about 15 18
percent 20 percent 25 percent range yeah
well the people on the country side are
much more open-minded against a new
party and they say well we give you a
chance why not I mean you're a
conservative liberal conservative
patriotic
why don't you shouldn't we give you a
chance after six years of CSU in this
country yes in the city it's like oh no
if you are not green or left so it's the
same in every much metropolitan area in
every countries in America the same the
UK the same or urban people think
different and on the sort of topic of
urban people thinking differently and
lefties being kind of odd this lady here
is holding a sign saying against you
guys I believe her sign says racists or
something the other side it says we are
assholes you're assholes so the lady's
standing a sign saying that you're
assholes what's your view of the lady
she's a very friendly person she she is
always with me I don't know why probably
she is in helicopter or are
she loves you she's not stalking but
she's always there where are you does
she come to your house and hold a sign
saying he's an asshole I don't nobody
knows but she does this she seems a
little distressed though she seems a
little well I think well this is you
know by law she has a right to to
protest opinion yeah she's not
aggressive she's not it no no when
people have come up watch them saying
nice weeks ago a bunch of people came
they were coming approaching those and
suddenly the way slamming our stance and
everything besides and everything
instead of discussing it with us and and
this is what makes the difference I mean
I'm an old man I was 63
he won when oh and when I was young we
were always discussing with all
communists and discussing yeah we drank
cheap red wine and we were discussing
and at the end it's 3 o'clock in the
morning we were young and happy because
we had talked about politics in these
days it's your safety I don't even talk
to you I don't even want to know what
you know what do you think so in some
ways you have some respect for her
because she's just peacefully protesting
and that's fine I mean we live in a
democracy and this all right
and of course I mean we don't do this I
don't go to my to my competitors I'm
saying that you're not we go to readings
gathering of the Epona's have a listen
and listen and then we try to do a
discussion in between when they have a
break or so we have a chat and this is
funny because I realized that especially
the members of CSU they have exactly the
same opinions like us the same opinions
like us and they even express themselves
harder than our members do because ok
they can do it yes DNC it's us I mean
just an example it's hilarious but if I
see a friend coming to me yes I used to
to wave with my right hand I don't do
that anymore I tried to do it with my
left hand because it might happen while
I raised my hand someone takes has a
special angle and that someone takes a
shot
and the next day a newspaper will show
you doing some kind of salutely never
disagreed and tell me about oh now we've
got five one two three four five six so
now do you mind walking with me a little
you don't to go near them okay fine well
they may end up on camera but you've now
got six police what what's the point
that's nothing on my last my last stand
I had a hundred and fifty police men
guarding me almost on like this no a boy
and I hold a speech for an hour and what
are they doing they guarding you or they
policing you well they protect me
because at that time the the protesters
came from auntie Paula and they really
tried to hurt me more or less I mean and
they were just making so much noise I
couldn't hear my I know I understand
myself I hold this speech it was 57
minutes it's of course online yes I have
my own channel which is fully Henkel
Willie Hank okay and Cole is where h KL
h g NK l they can look you up
and tell me do you worry for your safety
genuine joking aside yes I do all my
data's are hacked and stuff like this
three years ago so I changed everything
I changed
really my identity more or less nobody
knows where I live now I hope it will be
over in two days I mean this country is
crazy right now you can do whatever you
want I mean you can stab a German guy
kill him and nobody is reporting about
it and if then protestors say we don't
like Germans to be stabbed so a man we
are cases yeah chemist well I didn't go
to cabinets at that time I was
interesting and I decided not to go to
payments I decided to go to the
Parliament of Saxonia
there was a quiet guard and saying like
we regret that he had to die I mean he's
a young father of a one-year-old boy and
no one is referring to his death no one
now so it's just about the ones who were
protesting against this killing yes so
we think you can't really you can't
really do things like this you have to
be open and and that's what we what we
think the press the force power how we
call them the press should be more
objective about things yes and the truth
sometimes I think if they would be more
objective maybe there would be no need
for AFD i mean it's it's a matter and
it's the reason we're here it's the
reason rebel media are here is because
your press won't report the truth the
mainstream media won't report the truth
no and so I think other alternative
media outlets need to help people hear
that actually German people are a lot of
them supporting aft because they're
tired of German people being killed by
migrants I mean that's just a well
remember right now might be only 15% but
in reality I think the the silent
majority is not the majority right now
but I think we have 25 to 30 percent
already they are still afraid of
confessing that I still hold in the
anonymity of the of the Paul station
they might the atmosphere is 10 heated
up yeah and then it's like nobody is
really willing to discuss anymore it's
just like about if you're not with me
you're against me yes and I my might
offer to all our opponents in the
parliament is please accept my hand I
give you my hand and please talk to me
just give me an idea what can we do what
can we try to do together
I'm really not interested in any scandal
no job drama or drama
no but if you have this this you know
it's to balance it has to be balanced
and we have only parties to the left
side and there is now a vacuum on the
right side OGS show that up I think we
need one or two terms and then yeah we
will be accepted also by our opponents
because they can calculate with us my my
I said okay we support everything in the
Parliament we support everything in the
Parliament whatever the other party
stools if it only fulfills one criteria
it must be in the interest that's and
this is music - you know my ears I'm
aspiration that's racing yeah but this
is the thing people want something in
support of their country and their
country's people you know same in
America same for me as a brick city and
so you speak a lot truth listen I'll let
you go I really admire your bravery
genuinely I love that you're open to the
other side boys a pleasure
yeah and to you bye bye good luck to
your country I hope you will make it
fine you will come out fine through this
process of separating from the you I
keep the fingers crossed for you for
sure you need to and if you do the same
for me then everything will be fine
okay take care I am here to bring you
the news that the mainstream media won't
to join me in my reports go to rebel
Bavaria calm and if you can help chip in
with any of our costs just to cover our
basics expenses I'd really appreciate it
go to rebel Bavaria calm
you
