the new Home Secretary Sajid Javid is
finally going to ban the terrorist
organization Hezbollah from the UK just
a matter of days ago there was an out
could stay March in London you probably
saw the pictures online this thing
happens every year is an annual protest
in favour of Palestine and there's one
thing you can count on and that's the
presence of extremists though they're
every single year left-wing extremist
Islamic extremist you name it the first
day actually happened in 1979 it was
initiated by our Ayatollah Khomeini of
Iran and in this year's March one of the
speakers of the event was Stephen sizer
is an Anglican Church cleric and in 2015
he posted that Israel did 9/11 that's
interesting a video here of his Zionist
Federation who published this made a
complaint they said Stephen sighs I
quoting Martin Luther King jr. at our
Kurds day ignoring cream at King's
criticism of anti-semitism not sure he
would want to be cited by someone who
shared anti-jewish conspiracy theories
good point
what's happening to the Anglican Church
in England when people like this are
standing up and spouting anti-semitic
nonsense and supporting terrorist
organizations is insanity and like every
year as I say Hezbollah was there or at
least their flags were being waved The
Times of Israel have reported and lead
to rousillon post of reported lots of
pictures of the Hezbollah flag being
flown amongst loads of Palestine
supporting demonstrators it's just
totally shameless isn't it totally
shameless the fact that people could
wander down the street in the UK waving
a terrorist flag with no repercussions
at all now if you don't
No Hezbollah's an Islamist political
party and it means party of Allah and
it's from the Lebanon it's got its
actually has a paramilitary wing as well
called the jihad Council and it's called
a terrorist organization not just by the
United States but by the Arab League
Canada and Israel so it's fairly common
for people to accept that this is a
terrorist organisation its own Secretary
General of the party is Hassan Nasrallah
and he's a Holocaust denier flat out
Holocaust denier and an Islamist who's
called for a global Caliphate now this
isn't moderate and defense of Palestine
I don't know what a moderate defense of
Palestine is but I'm sure there are
people that would claim to be moderate
this is quite extreme this is quite
serious stuff and we know that Hezbollah
is basically just a proxy for Iran just
like Hamas is in Gaza it's practically
taken over the Lebanon now as well which
used to be about 50% christian amazing
transformation hezbollah i might add is
responsible for multiple terror attacks
including the 1992 israeli embassy
attack in buenos aires which was
performed technically by the islamic
jihad organization which is connected to
his Buller it has many different front
organizations and associated groups but
you can count on the fact that hezbollah
was involved in this 1992 attack and
multiple other terror attacks from all
over the world but now now finally the
government's doing something about its
ratchet Javid is actually banning
Hesburgh why did this take so long it's
funny such a Javid not a massive fan but
i did say when it was announced that he
was becoming home secretary that he
probably would be better than amber Rudd
and I don't mean that because I think
he's good I mean that because I think
amber rod was terrible she was awful and
now we've got a guy who's a it says well
he says he's not a Muslim but he is a
Muslim he's from a Muslim family but it
this way is now Home Secretary and
already doing better than amber rod
amazing but why did this take so long
you know Home Secretary Sajid Javid so
he said he's preparing to prescribe
Hezbollah in full later this year the
Jewish Chronicles reported on this and
said Sajid Javid will take steps to
prescribe anti Israel is
has below later this year and act where
his predecessor failed to a senior
conservative sources said the JC
understands mr. Javid vowed to take
decisive action over the iranian-backed
organization ahead of last week's out
could stay March in London where
Hezbollah flags were once again flown
Hezbollah's military wing was banned as
a terror group in britain in 2008 but a
legal loophole allows supporters to fly
the flags at events such as Sunday's
rally because Hezbollah's political arm
is not banned the Home Office has the
power to ban the political wing and
thereby proscribed the group in its
entirety
so finally Hezbollah in its entirety
will be proscribed from the UK Hezbollah
is a terrorist organization which is
connected to terror attacks that have
happened all over the world and
performed by multiple associated
organizations and front groups Hezbollah
is a terrorist group that should have
been prescribed a long time ago so I'm
welcoming this move by Sajid Javid
another Sajid Javid is showing that
obviously he wants to tackle realism
amidst violence that I'm sure he's going
to be doing much more about the 23000
jihad ease for potential jihad ease that
are currently on our streets I trust
that he's going to be throwing them in
prison and putting them on planes to go
back home right I just that Sajid Javid
is gonna do more about radical mosques
in this country that keep inviting hate
speakers and hate preachers who
encourage people to go out and kill the
Jews and to kill homosexuals I trust
that strategy job is going to be doing
something about that right and I trust
as well that surely Sajid Javid is going
to do something about how our
certification now now that we know that
it funds terror groups all over the
world right such a javac go on prove
your commitment to Islamic violence
prove your commitment to keeping us safe
do more about it if you like that and
want to see more remember to like and
subscribe
you
