oh man we're just asking people about
how they feel about the election results
from last year's duck Ford every
millennial that did not vote is the
reason that Doug Ford is empowered he
disrespects our generation completely
the only thing that he put you a
millennial yes I am a millennial you're
proud of that
110% am proud of it because I am
educated well talk about a big blue wave
after the ballots were counted in
Thursday the PCs had a supermajority yet
how do members of generation Trudeau
after dark feel about the results of the
interior election to borrow a phrase
from outgoing Premier Kathleen Wynne are
they sorry or not sorry let's find out
good we're just asking people about how
they feel about the election results
from Thursday you know nothing I'm
honestly so happy that uh that Ford is
elected and I couldn't be more happier
with Ford I hope he does I hope he does
better than what his brother did and his
brother did it amazing but Dave what's
his name Doug Ford that's it yes Doug
port I am a teacher you've screwed us
I'm looking at you right now
you've screwed us amazing I make sure I
know the deferred for is there I don't
know the name but I love it you got a
right I love Toronto electorate does
this shit important you know okay were
you happy about the PC majority sir
happy I'm very very happy you're the
politically astute person here it should
have actually been the green party that
won but it was kisi
it should've been the Green Party that
one they have so many great platform
such as what man such as creating a more
eco-friendly environment around the city
around schools everywhere like honestly
speaking to you like you see the
two-year Fugees on the one side right
you say that again you see the Syrian
refugees
oh the Syrian refugees them like dollar
money too right
was that an Ontario election issue this
year yeah a lot of Ontarians have chosen
something that doesn't mean empathy and
that means empathy for immigrants
empathy for Refugees and proceed for
poor people empathy for LGBTQ and baby
for everybody who is not White's is
heteronormative and that bothers me a
lot and I'm really excited to see the
advocacy that's going to come out of
Ontario in the next four years with Doug
for it as our premier and I can't wait
to see what happens because I'll be a
part of it and I can't wait to see what
the next government will be because Doug
Ford it will not be you thanks goodbye
but but he did win though I don't care
because what you won doesn't mean what
the future will be thanks well for four
years oh it is the future you know Doug
Ford Kathleen wine and your whore breath
you've got three choices you've got
socialism at its most radical point and
then you've got let me talking the
Liberals or the NDP on that one
the NDP so are you suggesting a
dictatorship would be a better form of
government sir government are you an
anarchist
yes
got you money man
oh man we're just asking people about
how they feel about the election results
from last Thursday Oh duck Ford what was
that
dog for why would you say that ma'am
he's a terrible human being
why's that hey he aids woman in gaze
while he was mayor of Toronto are you
serious Ontario that's the direction you
want to go and 2018 the only thing that
he is promising to us that we would
literally understand and respect is
dollar beers
what is literally gonna ruin the entire
economy I think that's a growing trend
across the world you see brexit you see
what's going on in America with Trump
then we got Doug Ford and in the
provincial politics in Ontario it's just
going to keep going on we got in Hungary
Austria it's going all over the world
the right-wing vote is the vote that is
winning do you like Donald Trump I like
him very much ma'am yes you actually do
you care if I puke on your microphone
why would you do that ma'am because
Donald Trump is Matt go three
it's that what's your country sir yeah
well actually I'm half Jewish half
Italian that sounds like the lead up to
a punch line yeah if I can't buy it
wholesale I steal it I knew it long time
Ajax a town up Oh God and that is the
generation of baby boomers that voted
for Doug Ford
hey folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
