a young Polish guy called Adam told me
about an old Nazi prison in Warsaw where
lots of young people were killed by Nazi
soldiers we went along to Pahlavi AK
prison to find out more about this story
and why these horrors are still fresh in
the minds of young poles we're outside
the remains of the Pahlavi AK prison in
Warsaw an old Nazi prison that was used
basically to commit retribution against
those who were involved with the Polish
uprising thank you for bringing me here
Adam could you tell me a little bit more
about this place absolutely
this place was the main prison in Warsaw
during the occupation and over a hundred
thousand poles were imprisoned here
during the war and some of them were
political prisoners that belonged to the
intelligence yet the Polish intellectual
elite University professors politicians
others were just random people that the
Germans caught on the streets in
so-called whoppin cows or roundups when
Germans would take three or four hundred
people that were on the streets imprison
them here and used them as hostages in
case the Polish resistance did anything
the normal standard procedure was that
for every German 100 poles would be
killed so this wasn't just about
punishment this was kind of like a
blackmail right they would hold families
here and if there was any more in the
way of an uprising from the Polish they
would kill them right yes and sometimes
they actually killed people for no
reason
there were no Germans killed there were
no specific actions the Germans had a
program of extermination the Jews were
of course the primary targets but the
Catholic Slavic population were also
doomed if the war would have continued
millions of poles would have died
actually millions did die but it would
have been in the tens of millions
so the strategy actually worked for the
first few years the
resistance they withheld from taking any
large-scale action they focused on dear
ailing German trains blowing up tracks
gathering intelligence but they waited
until 1944 when their the Soviet Army
was nearby to launch the Warsaw Uprising
which Indian cost 250,000 Polish life
and so it wasn't really just just
fighting AIDS people that were killed
either in fact there's a plaque on this
tree it shows the people that were
killed here 40 18 17 and 7 they would
take whole families even young people
would be brutally slaughtered here right
absolutely if you're out on a Sunday
stroll for example with your family it
was completely possible to end up in one
of these so-called whopping casts the
round ups so walking out on the streets
in Warsaw during the war was you never
knew you never knew if you would be
taken or not it could happen at any
moment and that didn't matter how old
you were and this is something that
young Polish people well of course they
don't remember this it's something that
their families talked about right and
it's something that's really inspiring
you mentioned young people are being
inspired by this to remember their
history and fight back against the kind
of far-left attitudes that ultimately
create you know was part of this sort of
chaos and the slaughter absolutely since
the numbers were so high in Poland
around 20 percent of the country's
population died during World War two
which means one out of five so in every
family there is a story everybody has a
story to tell either their parents were
sent to Siberia by the communists to the
gulag labor camps or they were killed in
Auschwitz or they were killed here in
pavia prison so everybody knows their
history very well in Poland even if
you're young and this is what makes us
cherish our national sovereignty so much
we have only been free for 30 years
since 1989 and now we're very prepared
to protect our freedom so national
sovereignty over all so I've long
wondered why it is that the people in
Poland the young people in Poland hear
these stories from their grandparents
and almost remember it themselves and it
makes them patriotic and it makes them
want to fight back but in England it's
so different I wonder why you think that
might be well
I think a big big part of it is the fact
that we were occupied here we had the
troops here of course in the UK you had
the Blitz but it wasn't the daily terror
that people experienced here and if we
say in the US for example there they
didn't even experience the Blitz they
only sent their soldiers abroad and of
course it's horrible when they come back
in cash caskets young men but the scale
isn't the same Poland suffer'd 6 million
so the scale combined with the fact that
it was daily terror here on site is
probably the difference and I guess that
combined with the fact that the scars of
the war are still visible here in the
city and the young people see it almost
every day
absolutely when it comes to Warsaw after
the uprising the the Germans decided to
raise the city to the ground around 90%
of all buildings were either razed to
the ground or so badly damaged that they
had to be razed to the ground
later the few surviving buildings they
all wear scars grenade shrapnel bullet
holes and so on so you are reminded also
the buildings that were built up that
were reconstructed for example our
beautiful old town it's all built in the
in the 50s and people people know it
looks like it's old but but it's not
people remember well thank you so much
for your insight Adam really appreciate
it
Cheers I think it's a really important
point that while the young people of
Britain know about the Blitz they know
about the war the fighting happened
overseas here in Warsaw it happened
right here it's still visible there's a
Nazi poor camp in the middle of the city
it's something that people remember it's
something that people see every day and
perhaps that's why young people in
Poland really understand their history
and are voting more conservatively than
ever I'm Jack Bobby for the rebel medium
I'm out here in Poland reporting on a
story that the mainstream press simply
won't touch we're finding out why the
Polish youth are so conservative and so
brave in the face of far-left tyranny
will you help me cover our modest
expenses where you please go to rebel
Poland calm and support alternative news
media
you
