premier Notley is having a dance party
for government worker bees in Edmonton
while calgary's unemployment rate
remains the second highest of any major
Canadian city and the video the video of
the whole thing is so cringy I couldn't
make it up if I tried I want to show you
a tweet from premier Rachel Notley and
then I'll show you the video she
attached to that tweet now this is what
Notley tweeted so great to see Alberta's
public service celebrating their
accomplishments over the lunch break
today I was proud to officially declare
June 11 to 15 2018 Alberta public
service week thank you for your
commitment to serving Albertans now
buckle up folks because you are going to
see the cringe eosin you will see all
day just watch these government workers
having a lunchtime dance party to
celebrate themselves here
as the kids say I can't even but I guess
I can because I've watched that video
like 50 times
how much are their pensions that it is
worth it to debase themselves like this
for Notley propaganda videos I can't
stop watching though because it's so
embarrassing and it's missing a lot of
men too for a government that says they
want gender parity in all things it's so
perfectly NDP the government is
celebrating themselves for doing stuff
functioning adults do every day like
showing up for work and doing their jobs
in exchange for a paycheck but for the
NDP this is cause for celebration
even dedicating a whole week to
celebrating the public sector for doing
what we pay them to do of course but
this lunchtime public sector dance party
celebration is so incredibly tone-deaf
that it's gross why because the Alberta
unemployment rate hovers at 6.2 percent
now that's half a percentage point
higher than the national average nothing
to write home about or you know have a
dance party about for that matter now
the NDP will say that the unemployment
rate in Alberta has fallen from 6.7% in
Alberta to 6.2 percent in May 2018 but
there's so much more to those numbers
than good news actually it's terrible
news if you drill down just look at this
from an Alberta government document
explaining the May 2018 unemployment
numbers the unemployment rate decreased
because employment increased by 2,900
and the labor force decreased by 80-100
people from the previous month so people
are just throwing in the towel and
giving up hope of ever finding a job
they've been broken and defeated they've
quit looking for work so the government
then quits counting them convenient hey
but you know they had a dance party for
government workers so all as well party
on Rachel and outside of the government
hub of Edmonton life looks much
different in Calgary once the economic
engine of the entire country well they
have the second highest unemployment
rate of any major Canadians
at 7.7% but i know why the NDP and
edmonton don't really understand what
reality is like in the rest of the
province look at this graph from
economist Trevor toom private sector
employment fell around 22,000 in May
alone continuing the negative trend
since December but look at where the
private sector the self-employed and the
government workers all started on that
graph at the beginning of the recession
here in Alberta they're all about the
same right fair enough now look at how
they diverged the public sector those
self-congratulatory drones have gained
88,000 workers while the private sector
the sector that pays for the public
sector has lost 83,000 workers how
sustainable do you think that's going to
be in the long run when we have more
takers than more makers it can't last
for very much longer the public sector
is booming celebrating and partying even
and Notley is telling the rest of us
paying the freight to eat cake for the
rebel top media I'm Sheila Gunn read
what you just saw there is my daily
video that I do here at the rebel but
did you know that I have my own weekly
full-length show it airs on Wednesdays
and we talk about issues facing Canadian
families but to get access to my show
and the rest of our incredible premium
content you have to become a rebel
subscriber today
you
