we've all thought this before
everything's a sequel nothing's original
they're just remaking old movies and
just when you think the tone-deaf
studios will never learn they flipped a
script on you yes this movie is
technically a sequel and is basically
the same story and technically a remake
but this time we kill off the cast and
make the entire cast female boom oceans
8 is born studio genius
despite the glaring pitfalls this movie
puts in its own way does the powerhouse
female cast pull off the box-office
heist let's find out I'm Ben Davis this
is pure Hollywood a couple things were
off the bat this movie was made for
about 70 million dollars which is
actually less than the original budget
of Ocean's eleven which I would say now
is a classic heist film it's still
fantastic to this day if you haven't
seen it go check that one out spoilers
ahead so this movie does take place
after Ocean's thirteen but this time
Danny ocean is dead who needs him right
for good about the post kill it if
necessary
feels very kylo Ren from the beginning
and now Danny ocean sister played by
Sandra Bullock
Debbie ocean takes the reins of our own
heist movie so let's see how it does as
a movie I'll give a 82 out of 5 I want
to get have a 2.5 but you really can't
because it is such a difficult thing to
do to try to remake a movie from one of
the best heist films the past 25 years
and not only is that a hard act to
follow but you're trying to inject
everything that is important in 2018
into a story that's already complex
first things first it is not the
actresses fault Sandra Bullock who looks
fantastic in this movie by the way she's
54 years old it's unbelievable the way
she looks on camera but she does a great
performance in this movie as well as
Cate Blanchett and Helena Carter who may
be the new James Bond villain in the
upcoming movies and I hope that she is
anyway all of them gave really good
performances but they were stuck in a
story in a situation that was as boring
as watching the leaves change and from
the beginning they almost have you
because Sandra does such a great job in
the first couple scenes like oh this is
a cool new interesting take on heist in
oceans movies and then after that they
just go into trying to recreate the
original movie but this time no guys no
stakes or character development and
things just start to conveniently happen
to Anne Hathaway at the end just
literally flipped sides and becomes one
of them and then which basically renders
the entire heist useless because they
could have just taken it from the
beginning at that
and the only potential hiccup they
really have is solved in 15 seconds by
Rihanna calling up her younger sister as
a film Ocean's eight gets a 2 out of 5
as well this movie's failures really
fall on the writer and director Gary
Ross and it's the perfect example of
failure that happens when you try to
remake a movie and remake the all the
characters and things that were great
about the original and it's not making
specific changes that would improve on
the original piece but rather making
changes that they want in the movie not
what's gonna make the movie actually
better and I know this wasn't
technically a remake of Ocean's eleven
but that's what it felt like it was
literally the exact same setup but this
has nothing to do with specifically just
a female cast in movies if you had your
own female heist movie the audience
going in to see it would take in no
baggage no expectations and nothing to
compare it to but when you're changing
specific story elements to make a
statement and not to necessarily improve
this story it's not empowering because
it comes off as gimmicky it doesn't give
off the impression of come see this
movie because it's awesome it looks like
comes to this movie because we put these
things in it and that does a huge
disservice to the actresses who are
going and working so hard to perform
these worlds well it really just feels
like writers and producers trying to
make a point and not a good movie and it
leaves the audience especially in a
remake thinking oh well this is kind of
interesting but it really makes me want
to watch the original now my faith in
values is a 2 out of 4 cuz there's not
really any moral high points in this
movie
there's no profound points no universal
themes you can really take away from
there's a small theme of looking out for
the friends around you but in a den of
thieves no one's really super noble in
this film all in all I would just love
these amazing actresses to get some
fresh roles with some great writing that
will really highlight their talents not
highlight how progressive these studios
are trying to be what really needs to
happen or producers and writers and
directors need to make female roles
great again that's it I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content and the
entire rebel lineup
you
