let all the politicians and all the
people here who are Latino recognize we
will continue chanting for freedom for
this land and freedom for indigenous
people
no folks this isn't terrain circa 1979
it's Toronto in 2018 here on the grounds
of the Ontario legislature the odious
alkyds day rally has returned now al
could stay was a scheme originally
thought up by the ayatollah khomeini
almost 40 years ago ostensibly how goods
day is all about showing solidarity for
the Palestinian people but it's really
nothing more than a hate fest against
Israel and Jews and although groups need
a permit to stage demonstrations at
Queen's Park well the authorities have
yet again turned a blind eye to the code
of conduct because as we all know or as
we all should know by now radical Islam
well that's special in any event let's
try to find out why these people are
marching this year
hi sir I notice you have a Hezbollah fly
god why are you wearing the flag of a
terrorist organization you you imposing
something on me who to loot saturn's
organization at the flag of Hezbollah
sir no unit an send my question who told
you Hezbollah is a part terrorist
organization it's recognized
internationally as one sir
no no Hezbollah is a part of the
Lebanese government yes
Hezbollah is an injunction from the Holy
Quran saying the party of God will be
victorious so what what is Hezbollah
then what is Hezbollah Hezbollah is an
organization and a part of the Lebanese
government like what the Ministry of
Health Ministry of Justice I mean who
are you I'm David Menzies but rebel
media sir yeah and who told you that
Hezbollah is a terrorist organization
it's renowned around the world as being
such No
Israel is a terrorist organization
Israel is it because they occupied
Palestine excuse me don't touch the
microphone please man he has his own
brain ma'am you don't have to coach him
thank you sir forbade for your time by
the way Israel is a terrorist
organization makes it a terrorist
organizations illegally occupying
Palestine to kick out the indigenous
people who are living there and they
came from Europe and all other places to
settle in a land that isn't theirs they
should go back to Europe that's where
they came from they should go back there
what would you say that those who say
the Jewish state goes back thousands of
years sir
yes yes yeah the native Indians hidden
yeah so listen I actually you know your
your colleague makes an interesting
point are you for human rights 100% but
your coat what about the against Union
right now it's going on are you against
that oh you're being taken away he can't
he can't have a discussion with this sir
okay well I don't know what that means
we're in a public park everything is
your time after time lot of couple years
ago even last year and you covered the
pot everything being said I'm right here
sir what do you want to say you're
walking away from me sir I'm not walking
away from back to racist like you I'm a
racist what makes me what makes me a
race - sir don't touch the microphone if
you don't mind that's our show well are
you talking to me or not if you're too
much of a coward to talk to me
you can walk I thought it was a racist
racist coward well that's two
descriptors for the price of one there
folks
how you doing what brings you out to the
protest today oh she's not allowed it's
not little sexist sir that I'm speaking
to her this lady here she seems to be
freely speaking to me and you won't let
her talk why is that sir I'm not doing
that I just saw you do it
okay okay that's okay wait I'm asking
her I'm asking you to talk to the
sponsors and the guys so just go talk to
me you already decided not to so I'm
just speaking to citizens I think this
lady is a free person okay that would
you like to still speak ma'am or not sir
would you like to speak or and I'm just
wondering what brings you out to this
protest please
like Israel is doing crimes and
Philistine and it's a terrorist State
it's Israel's a terrorists a Philistine
people over there and as a human being I
think so it's my responsibility to
support them what makes Israel a
terrorist state I mean they do have the
right to defend themselves and then they
put you're part of some Jewish
conspiracy yes into their personal space
I am very respectable of women sir which
is something I can't say about Islam how
am I being disrespectful to a woman by
asking them answer a question sir those
were your words sir you see folks this
is treating a woman evidently as an
equal is being disrespectful according
to this gentleman that's a very odd
thing also here's a little anti
fantastic that the alkyds people have
picked up this fellow here in the blue
cap buzzing is megahorn
to try to get away from any discourse
I'm just trying to ask these people to
articulate their opinions and this
precious little of this
it's just chanting
well we're going to speak to what was
her name Messer Eva Bartlett okay Eva
Bartlett world renowned journalist I've
never heard of her but anyways hello Eva
Bartlet this gentleman once we do
interview you what happened sir you want
to meet interviewer suddenly the
activists and journalists cat got her
tongue even like to speak this gentleman
here sort of rounded you up Wow there's
another far left journalist practicing
freedom of speech which is basically you
don't agree with my speech we don't talk
to you and we shut down the speech we
tried
9/11 was a zionist job what does that
mean sir
Cobra terminal is like you are behind
the cover sorry like me I'm not even
Jewish sir but I mean you think that
this was a Jewish you think this was a
Jewish exit conspiracy I think you're a
film filth that's interesting because I
would have said that of the 19 hijackers
I don't know if the camera captures the
subtle elbows given every once in a
while
which sure make Gordie Howe proud I'll
tell you that folks but that gentleman
there is an example of the kind of mix
of sorted nuts you get at these marches
somebody calling 911 a zionist job
amazing 9/11 was a zionist job does
everybody believe that 9/11 was a
zionist job yeah we have a consensus hi
ma'am what is that doll supposed to be
what are these dolls about excuse me you
touch me again you'll be okay
you grab me you do that again you do
that again that's pathetic I'm an artist
I'm in their personal space you put your
hands on me he grabbed me sir excuse me
woman I treat woman legally equally sir
okay get out of his way you get out of
his way all right me you're the one
manhandling people we have it on camera
you are a coward free free yeah that's
yeah that's right that's a free
Palestine free free Palestine free free
Palestine free free Palestine free free
Palestine free free Palestine free free
Palestine free they don't believe in
freeing their woman unbelievable officer
okay well he he has assaulted me three
times so far officer do we have Canadian
law here or Sharia law officer this is
incredible
what brings you up to this protest man
I'm turtle supporter of Israel I'm a
Zionist a proud scientist Israel has a
right to exist and Jerusalem is the
eternal capital of Israel what do you
think we've been trying to get people
the way in especially woman and
evidently that's Haram we're not allowed
to speak to them it's hard to believe
this is Toronto and not Tehran
it's I mean everybody has a right to
protest of course but this goes beyond
protesting this is just pure
unadulterated hatred this is
anti-semitism disguised as advocacy for
Palestine when in fact many of them
don't even care about Palestinians
because if they did they'd be condemning
Hamas they'd be condemning the Lebanese
government they'd be condemning the
Jordanian government the Syrian
government but no they only want to hate
on Israel that's what it's all about
what is the most hateful thing ma'am
you've heard at this protest today
well scientism is racism I mean xoanism
is the right of the Jewish people to
return to their homeland so to say that
the Jewish homeland existing is racism
well that's racism
Hezbollah flags I mean that's that's a
terrorist organization in Canada and
they're happily flying that flag here
today there's a guy with it draped over
his shoulder
now folks I think this is the saddest
scene I've seen at this L could say
rally today look at all those kids maybe
watch seven or eight who in their right
mind brings children of that age to a
political protest where things tend to
get violent
such rousing reasonable accommodation
such divine diversity such tremendous
tolerance you know I think most
patriotic Canadians a sight like this
happening over here it just makes you
sick to your stomach and a
freedom-loving country like Canada but
I'm sure some people approve such as
perhaps I don't know Justin Trudeau for
the rebel dot media at the elk hoods
protest in downtown Toronto I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks you may
have heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
