being sensitive to transgenderism is now
far more important than the murder of
children news today is that UK taxpayers
will be paying twenty thousand pounds
for a transgender murderer in prison
who's been accused of having sex with
women while in prison to be flown
hundreds of miles to undergo a
sex-change surgeries procedure the Daily
Mail is reporting today sadistic killer
who was born a man but sent to a female
prison for murder because he identified
as a woman are we to be moved for
sleeping with inmates is set for twenty
thousand pound sex change operation paid
for by you
Paris Green was born Peter lang but was
are identified as female since 2011
jailed in 2013 for killing Robert
Shanklin who was tortured for several
hours
victims families furious she is set to
receive a full gender reassignment
surgery most Scott's having NHS ops into
the private no field hospital in
Brighton now look at the state of this
this is the the woman we're talking
about here amazing a murderer a sex pest
being given 20,000 pounds of surgery
because feelings look at the stay an
hour Jesus Christ and this isn't the
only example by the way of killers being
afforded gender sensitivity oh no no no
no news this week as well is about Ian
Huntley
now if you can't remember Ian Huntley if
you're a British viewer you definitely
remember Ian Huntley but if you're an
American or a Canadian on August the 4th
2002 two schoolgirls Halle Wells and
Jessica Chapman went missing in so on in
Cambridgeshire I remember this I was
only a kid but I remember this it was
all over the news I remember Mike my
poor grandmother getting really upset
watching the television watching this
and it was sad the whole country was
moved by this and it was the biggest
manhunt the UK had ever seen looking for
these two young girls everyone searched
for the girls but two weeks later their
bodies were found they were brutally
murdered and they'd just been dumped in
the countryside a few miles away from
the house and it turns out the murderer
was Ian Huntley he killed them and he
worked at the school now all
they work at the school but he helped
the police with the searches and
appealed on national television for help
to find the bodies that's that's the the
gumption this guy had and now this
scumbag this murdering child killing
scumbag wants us to respect him and call
him Leanne no no I won't I won't The
Telegraph reports own killer in Huntley
is reportedly asking inmates to call him
Leanne a female version of his name
no the child murderer 4340 he must have
been young when he did this the child
murderer of 43 who's serving a minimum
of 40 years should be life real life at
Durham's Franklin's jail used his new
name to sign a newspaper cutting for a
friend the son reported Holly's been
telling everyone to call him Leanne a
source told the newspaper he's getting
given loads of attention and he feels
like a bit of a celebrity inside which
makes which itself makes him feel a bit
safer he's taking pleasure in signing
everything for as many inmates as
possible with his new name I guess it's
easier for a child killer to be seen as
a helpless little woman I suppose is
that what he's thinking sexist and the
Lib Dems amazingly the Lib Dems are
saying that it's transphobic to call the
guy in the Lib Dems are defending Ian
Huntley you couldn't make this up take a
look at this Twitter exchange so
Alistair colder McGregor says I'm a
member the Lib Dems federal policy
committee Lib Dem policy which was
explicitly stated in the most recent
manifesto is that prisoners should be
held in facilities which reflect gender
identity not birth gender assignment so
if a man wants to identify as a woman
and male rapist wants to identify as a
woman stick him in a woman's prison what
could go wrong
zette etic eel inch-high alistair do you
think people referring to Ian Huntley
the child murderer by the name and sex
recorded on his birth certificate should
be banned from Twitter he says no I'm a
liberal I'm very rarely in favor of
banning things if you want to make
yourself an obvious transphobic US Jones
movie goes by dead naming a trans person
whoever they are whatever they've done
that's your moral failure in public and
somebody called Trudy said lib dems and
you wonder why you are unelectable
your rats are giving morally
questionable support to a sadistic child
murderer ignoring professional opinion
and allowing this male psychopath to Tom
the families of his victims this is
sickening good on you truly Lynch
absolutely right here alistair then went
on he said treating everyone even those
whose offenses sickens us fairly and
even-handedly is what separates us from
then I'm sorry that you believe it
appropriate to force trans women into
mental prisons where they'll be in great
danger from other inmates in Huntley in
great danger for being trans to be
honest I think Ian hopefully will be in
great danger for murdering children
usually child murderers don't go down
well amongst the robbers and burglars in
prison sorry Alistair but I don't really
care about the rights I don't really
care about the safety of Ian Huntley
being concerned about what names we call
child murderers goes beyond compelled
speech this is insanity the left is
getting more insane by the day not only
do we have to call men women not only do
we have to accept the 75 genders not
only do we have to change every single
form we have in the hospital and confuse
the house Albarn nurses not only do we
have to impose this crap on our kids now
we have to be concerned about the the
gender identity and the feelings of
murderers like Ian Huntley I'm sorry Ian
Huntley I'm not going to call you Liane
you're not Liane you're Ian you're a
scumbag child killer and I don't care
about your feelings I will not stand by
either by the way while tax money is
being used to pay for other murderers to
have sex reassignment surgery
the madness must end prison is there to
keep dangerous people away from the
population if that means a
gender-confused murderer has to live in
a prison amongst men who want to kill
him you know what that's fine with me if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team be sure to
download the brand-new app from the
Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
