well folks I'm standing in front of
Queens Park in downtown Toronto soon
there's gonna be a new sheriff occupying
the head seat there yes we had regime
change in Ontario last Thursday evening
the PCs now have a super majority the
Liberals meanwhile they're not even
official party anymore reduced to just
seven seats now I've been tough on Doug
Ford and I've stated my opinions
publicly I didn't like it when he got
rid of tenure Granick Allen the
kingmaker of Doug Ford and I didn't like
it when he appointed candidates as
opposed to going to the grass roots
nomination process and some of those
candidates as you know we're liberals
anyways that was then this is now
because on Friday the day after he was
elected premier elect Doug Ford had a
press conference and to me he hit three
right out of the ballpark first of all
on the issue of the sex ed curriculum oh
yes it is going to be revised secondly
when asked if he's going to march in the
gay pride parade for to hit another
homer he said yeah you invite the cops
back and he'll be there too and third he
talked about fiscal responsibility
everything and I mean everything right
down to the pencils used in this
building is going to be put out for
tender so right away Doug Ford is three
for three in my book and that's the
thing I think I've learned and perhaps
we've all learned what Doug Ford said
and did as he aspired to become premier
well it's a different kettle of fish now
that he is the premier elect and later
this month the premier out right yes
there is indeed a new sheriff in town
and it's a great day for Ontario for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies hey folks the Breville has
a great new app please download that app
and take the rubble with you wherever
you go
you
