well I've been trying to follow this in
real time as so many aspects of the news
are Twitter it's not just a way for us
to learn the news it's a way for Donald
Trump to spread the news and Justin
Trudeau and others too and so all this
happened so quickly over the weekend and
one of the people I was following most
closely because he had such a keen eye
is my friend Manny Montenegrin Oh a
former national partner at a significant
law firm based in Ottawa
he worked in as amongst his clients for
Stephen Harper and the Conservative
Party so he comes from a conservative
perspective but he also has the keen eye
of a senior lawyer and what he sees here
deeply troubles him as well joining us
now via Skype is man named Montenegrin
oh the president and CEO of think sharp
many good to see you I don't know if I
don't think I did you proper justice in
your introduction but I'll let your
words speak for themselves what is the
number when I can that worries you about
this fights between Trump and Trudeau
that we are going to be decimated Canada
is going on the wrong path and I
understand what is happening and I'm
surprised that we have not heard the
other story or the strategy coming out
of Trump we tend to dismiss him we can
to ridicule him we tend to make light of
him and joke but the man is very serious
in the man is purposeful and the man has
been successful and we should take him
seriously and I have and I've reviewed
what he's done I've reviewed what mr.
Trudeau has done and I'm deeply alarmed
for Canada well that's the thing is
people can object to Donald Trump's
style or even as language and I mean you
can be nitpicky about it but I see some
senior world leaders have said all right
so Donald Trump is a phenomenon a force
of nature we have to deal with but let's
deal with it in our interest it looks
like Japan has really tried hard to say
all right we don't quite understand
what's going on here but we know it's so
important to Japan to be on the right
side of this because Japan is still
reliant on America for its defense
especially in the age of China
and North Korea so I think Shinzo Abe a
has visited the White House and talked
to Trump so often and he's not getting
involved in stupid Twitter fights or
he's just saying how can I protect Japan
and I think even some European leaders
are biting their tongue even if they
have a beef with him
Manning that's my point is they don't
care about personal you know rhymes
they're just thinking how do I save
Japan how do I save Taiwan how do I save
South Korea how do I protect Italy you
know go ahead exactly well let's go
through that we're talking about the
trade dispute it's escalating what we
haven't heard is the other side we just
we dismiss everything coming from the
USA and and there's a lot of rhetoric
going around and it sounds great to be
an ass that's Canadian I mean on my
Twitter I post the fact that I was
called by Prime Minister as an
unwavering Patriot I will fight for
Canada anything that comes in Canada's
way and I feel myself in this biggest
battle but I've been involved in my 30
years in this in this fight the trade is
completely people are not getting the
proper view Trump has made it very clear
at the outset Canada is not a problem
it's Mexico and the numbers prove that
there's a huge deficit with Mexico but
yet for some way Trudeau throws himself
into the mix it would've been very easy
to sign up a trade deal and move on with
the USA because it's focus is on the in
justices around in every trade deal that
you have now
China has agreed with Trump and has
offered and has agreed to buy two
hundred billion dollars more in goods
South Korea has agreed so Trump has
already succeeded in his trade
discussion his trade advancement around
the world United States and he says it
and we don't listen he said
United States has already lost the trade
war those are profound words it's a big
statement United States is lost 800
in dollars a year every year Trump is
not afraid of the war because they are
already being decimated in the war he
doesn't see losing the trade war he sees
winning by engaging in the discussion of
a trade war we don't listen to that he's
already picked up two or three hundred
billion dollars in his quest it's around
the world Mexico in Canada are being
obstinate why and if this is what
troubles me now another thing is what
has Trump said in the trade deal that's
offensive to Canada I have not found and
I put hours of research into this I've
not found one proposal that's offensive
to Canada I know of six or seven
proposal that Canada is given to the
u.s. that was roundly rejected by China
by Japan by Australia and now by the
u.s. I I know where the injustice is lie
and it is protecting the Marketing Board
so we have in Canada it's looking for
those versatile causes and Trump has
figured that out so I don't know where
AUSA is on the offensive claws request
in this trade deal right I mean the
other day I showed headlines August
September October November again and
again Justin Trudeau leading with gender
analysis and Jeremy and I disagree with
Trudeau on those things but fine put
those in a different track don't call
that NAFTA it's not the North American
gender agreement it's the North America
free trade agreement
I can imagine how frustrating it was for
Trump who has a real beef and you can
think you can say he's wrong but as you
point out he has this I mean for four
decades he's been on above these trade
imbalances and and if our guys talking
about feminism and intersectionality
which is was a g7 meeting this weekend
yeah it's gonna it's gonna I don't know
I it's almost like we're go ahead but as
her I put that aside I know that Trump
is put that aside as noise he is a deal
maker he's looking at the fundamental
aspect of the deal and that is to remove
Canada from NAFTA and have a bilateral
deal that was
honest and good ideas about to pummel
Mexico we don't want to be right we're
nearby exactly in the canadian prime
ministership but canadians first he
doesn't he sits there in in protection
he also offered a five-year review cause
I've drafted hundreds of buzz that's a
very good clause there's the Prime
Minister resoundingly rejected no one
asked him why presently in NAFTA
I think it's article 34 or forty five
forget which I've gone through it which
provides for an immediate termination of
NAFTA on six months notice what is
better for security at six-month
termination clause or a five-year deal
yes anything and then and I offer this
as well in a new economy that we're
going through documents and agreements
should be reviewed every five years
because things change so quickly I mean
in five years amazon has grown a full
Walmart what took sixty years to do the
economy is moving quickly the economy
shifting a five-year review is good for
Canada things good for the United States
and what and it's just such a weird
procedural reason like a technical
reason to oppose a deal like like you
say right now it's Trump has already
given six months notice under the
crimper right so how on earth but why
would you even care about a technicality
like that as opposed to the substance
here's what I got a question for you and
you're sure you are a long serving
soldier in the conservative battles for
this country and Andrew Shearer who is
the conservative leader literally on
Friday put out a series of tweets where
he confirmed his party's commitment to
the dairy cartel in Quebec he said I
just got off the phone with the saguenay
dairy he didn't use the word cartel and
and even Jason Kenney and Alberta was
saying all these dairy cartels have been
around for 60 years
so we're admitting the problems there
what I think real conservative public
policies get rid of the dairy cartels
and if we can say Donald Trump forced us
to do that how's that not a double win
we get rid of the dairy cartels which
we've never had the political capital do
our own so we're actually using Donald
Trump as the bulldozer to get that deal
done it's a win for us and maybe we can
get a concession and return from Trump
like our auto sector that's the big deal
here our auto factories right well
you've put a good point I look at it
differently I look at from when I used
to go through these big boardrooms and
negotiations I looked at from the
perspective of the person that I was
dealing with and what does Donald Trump
think Donald Trump doesn't care about
our milk marketing board and our dairy
our tariffs that we have on all these
little tariffs he walks into the
negotiations honestly and saying let's
start free care everywhere
he doesn't care about the six-year
history he's talking about free trade we
should understand that and respect that
he's also looking at I mean you're
looking at
he has got into power and I don't know
why Canadians are not focused on this
but he got into power because of
Michigan or Ohio right he looks he looks
at Detroit Detroit has is a shell of its
former self
Canada now produces four million cars or
manufactures four million cars one that
we consume three and we sell 1 million
that is Trump's big prize he tried it a
year ago and everyone backed him off and
here's what's happening that's right if
you pay attention here's what's
happening
he wants the auto sector he tried it a
year ago and he didn't have what I'll
call the pinnacle back in America right
now this now this trade war is happening
Justin Trudeau is elevating it and I
know why he's elevating it because as
you can say as he said everyone's
rallying behind the Prime Minister
because we don't like Trump we want to
fight that gives Trump the opening to go
after the auto sector we are giving him
the justification to say hey why is
Detroit empty why is Michigan empty why
are we not building the cars in America
and you know what Justin Trudeau's
giving him a license if we lose the 1
million cars that is occurring 200
billion dollars in in
GDP to Canada we can't sustain that
Trump wants it and we're making it
happen because of crass politics by the
Prime Minister and the Liberals and to
shore
both yeah at the expense of our economy
no I I'm terrified by it
I mean it's such a contrast Donald Trump
loves industrial jobs he loves hard hats
he loves guys who drill and dig and
build and I think of how Justin Trudeau
frittered away a hundred billion dollars
worth of pipelines and oil sands and
that was Canadian stuff that we were
building here
I just don't think Justin Trudeau values
that he would rather be the champion of
the UN and the third world the global
leader of the Opposition to Donald Trump
he'd rather get the kudos from the EU
than have an auto industry and I know
that sounds insane but we watched him
destroy 100 billion of oil industry I
think there's a real risk that Trump is
gonna say hey GM Ford Fiat Chrysler come
back to Michigan I'll lower your taxes
I'll lower your fuel economy standards
and by the way I'm putting a 25% tariff
on American stops Wow become anyways
well that's a simple that's all he's
gonna do he understands it you put a
tariff on Canadian cards they'll build
them in America you're not gonna buy a
car that's $20,000 more because it comes
from Canada Trump knows what he's doing
what is habit of disappearing and he's
and it's political crass political a
movement Trudeau has lost credibility
because of his India trip he is not seen
of a man of substance and you see
certain polls even I'm surprised at two
and a half years in his mismanagement of
mostly every file has gotta means very
low in polls the only way that he can
bump himself up in the polls is by this
nationalistic movement and that is to
say me against Trump and all Rowling you
see conservative Raleigh because it's
the right thing to do it's the wrong
thing to do and and I'll give you the
numbers Esther and people are just are
not there is equal trade between Canada
us it's about 350 billion dollars each
that only represents 2% of America's GDP
it represents 20 percent GDP we
forget the Canada's one-tenth the size
although we had equal equal trade if
Trump if Trump risks the 2% let's see
cuts it in half that one 1% with trade
wars and so on her America is growing at
3.5% this year America Trump has got 200
billion from trying 200 million for
North Korea
he's already while while Justin Trudeau
takes his days off he's already shored
up the ability to withstand a 1 a 1
percent cut in GD heat with a war to get
Auto Canada can't withstand it we've
already got our oil industry in trouble
our GDP this year is going to grow at
1.3 percent
we've lost 53 thousand jobs Canada is
weak we cannot take a hit of 10 percent
of our GDP we will be in a deep
recession and if we lose our auto
industry it is on we will lost it
forever so stop with the politics people
understand this is a very sincere and
real risk and and Trump wants that Trump
wants it badly he tried last year now he
has the ability to really has he has
America on his side to do it and we're
gonna lose the auto industry and we'll
never get it back and we have to take
this very seriously and I'm disappointed
with conservatives I'm disappointed with
liberals I'm certainly disappointed with
the Prime Minister but I do know that
Trump will succeed succeed in this and
we can't win this works the numbers
don't don't make it for us yeah yeah
there's a few people speaking clearly on
this I saw John sure I was deeply
concerned yeah yeah and he would know I
think he would know he's yes enough room
and I thought I'm afraid that he's not
all about positioning and ego he can
call like he sees it many it's great
yeah I know AJ what one more point if I
can add if you have a second sure we've
seen we've seen it already in British
Columbia a year ago the BC election
happened and they were very clear they
want to stop Kinder Morgan Trudeau did
nothing for a whole year
yeah the Democratic will of the people
and you know what the Premier's doing
what he vowed to do much like Trump said
what he's now gonna do he ignored it
the Prime Minister ignored it till the
last minute and what has happened we
have a trade war between Alberta and BC
and we bought a pipeline and we
destroyed investment here now
Trudeau's doing this ignoring the piece
of what's happening America and it's
gonna be a hundred times worse than what
we write he think we in slow motion we
watched that crisis unfold before
nummies yeah and he just Trudeau he's
like a deer in the headlights or a right
a spider caught in amber whatever your
analogy is right and he just was in slow
motion while the rest of the world was
going by and there Trump moves in the
speed of right speed and the real risk
is Canada Alberta and and and and BC
will fix their problems because we are
communities but once we lose the auto
sector it'll never be a president
they'll say we'll give it back to Canada
yeah
you can't move the oil sands to the
United States because they're stuck in
Canada you can pipe it down there and
they'll take the oil but the auto
factories you can move those absolutely
absolutely and that's what trumps after
man it's great to catch up with you
let's catch nuts on this story as it
goes for no problem all right take care
thank you - that's our friend Manny
Montenegrin oh he's the president and
CEO of st. shark that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
