just two days to go until the World Cup
Russia has never felt more ready they
spent two years making this place look
like one of the freshest most vital
places in Europe and you know it strikes
me that Putin has a lot of friends he
has friends in America Trump is keen to
get him back into the g7 making it
importantly the g8 is filled with real
people not the eunuchs of Europe he has
friends in Europe he supported Viktor
Orban he supported marine lepen and the
league in Italy are keen to get him back
in the g8 and without sanctions and you
know what he also has a lot of friends
here in Russian you speak to the Russian
people they love having a strong leader
in Putin they love his international
politics and the fact that he stands up
to the rest of the world and frankly
when I look back at sanctions from
Europe they're absolutely meaningless
Europe has never seen more divided and
yet this place
this place feels strongly Russian the
World Cup will bring an international
focus to Russia and I think they're
going to find that Putin is not the
monster they've made him out to be but
actually someone the rest of the world
just likes to blame
you
