it looks like the federal government is
running some sort of sham consultations
for its gun control bill c71 and when I
say sham I mean the very people the
government says they consulted are
saying these consultations didn't happen
with them at all the Ministry of Public
Safety is bringing in new gun control
legislation here in Canada called Bell C
71 now bill C 71 was brought in in the
wake of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school shooting in Canada as usual
liberal virtue signaling fashion and
bill C 71 has been pushed as a means to
curb increasing gun violence in Canada's
urban city centres the bill was
introduced
right after Public Safety Minister Ralph
Goodale guns and gang violence summit in
March the new law resurrects the long
dead firearms registry in another form
now requiring gun retailers to keep
records of sales as opposed to the
federal government doing it the new law
also resurrects something else the attr
the authorization to transport meaning
that highly vetted and screened owners
of restricted firearms will now have to
call up the chief firearms officer one
more time and seek permission before
they can transport their restricted
firearm to the gun range which is of
course the only place we are allowed to
shoot restricted firearms anyway and the
gun law will also arbitrarily prohibit
the C's at eight five eight and thus
pasar Ms green carbine for some reason
though the Liberals have never produced
or revealed or even hinted at for that
matter best estimates say there are at
least 15,000 of these lawfully owned
firearms taken around Canada now it's a
broad sweeping frankly unnecessary law
that should involve rigorous debate and
evidence-based policy with everybody
involved but as revealed in the gun blog
over the weekend that could not be
further from what's actually happening
with this law according to the gun blog
who got access to this order paper
question about the consultation process
on villain I can serve ative MP Larry
Miller and I double check for myself the
Ministry of Public Safety lists 53
people or organizations as the total
number of people the government was
consulting with on c71 and why all the
government's order paper response
assures us all that the Minister of
Public Safety Ralph Goodale sought the
input of a broad range of groups and
individuals with diverse experiences
backgrounds and perspectives fewer than
one-fifth of the people on that list
were from the pro' firearms rights side
of the argument I counted it was 9 of 53
instead the government has been
consulting with labor unions like unifor
and the Canadian Labour Congress and a
bunch of women's groups like the YWCA
the government consulted with two
different people with the Coalition for
gun control actually it's three
different people but I'll get to that in
a second and for some reason they also
consulted two different people at the
diversity Institute at Ryerson
University on a gun control legislation
like what why is the government
consulting so much with Ryerson
University's diversity Institute on
Canadian firearms legislation
what could the authors of such notable
articles as nasty women when leadership
and gender stereotypes collide possibly
know about the physics of the season 8 5
8 or the swiss arms green carbine why
would the authors of an article called
between the corporation and the closet
ethically researching LGBTQ identities
in the workplace care if i have to call
the chief firearms officer before I take
my handgun to the range seems a little
out of their area of expertise wouldn't
you say well that would be because not
only are these consultations not
happening with the pro-gun lobby but the
ones that are happening with the
anti-gun activists are happening with
the duplicate organizations involving
pretty much the exact same people you
see those wackadoodles at Ryerson's Dave
versity Institute overlap strongly with
the coalition for gun control
Wendy cooky a who heads up the Coalition
for gun control and whose organization
was consulted at least twice actually
it's three times but again I'll get to
that in a second is also the lead author
on many documents at Ryerson's diversity
Institute isn't that convenient but
that's not where the overlap and
astroturf of these consultations begins
and ends
oh no friends the Canadian Women's
Foundation's Paulette senior was also
consulted she's also the head of the
YWCA Canada but then the Liberals also
consulted with the YWCA Toronto which is
a subgroup of the group that Paulette
senior also heads this all seems pretty
familiar and incestuous for diversity
doesn't it but it gets even more
astroturf II and you are not going to
believe this one to other people who are
listed as being consulted by the
government but without their
organizations being listed on the
consultation page have been paid
government consultants who have written
extensively in support of gun control in
Canada Peter Daut Ollo is a vice
chairman of Hill & Knowlton strategies
they do a heck of a lot of work in
government PR anyway Donna Lowe wrote a
crazy off ed in The Globe and Mail a few
months back and he said it's now much
easier in Canada to own a gun then drive
a car which is completely insane because
if you own a gun you know that's a bunch
of baloney I'm pretty sure I don't have
to call some bureaucrat in a cubicle
before I take my car out for a spin on
the road anyway and David Rohde a he's
also of hills and Knowlton he's a former
lobbyist for the aforementioned
Coalition for gun control but he's also
the former adviser to Alan Rock the very
liberal minister who brought in the gun
registry the very first time around the
government didn't list the organization
these consultants were with as an
attempt to protect their sham scam
consultations from any real public
scrutiny but if you thought that was the
end of the sneaky conniving BS from
these liberals on c71 it is not it is so
far from not being done when the gun
blog reached out to some of the pro
firearms groups that were listed as
participants of the consultations they
discovered that those gun rights groups
hadn't been consulted whatsoever
Tony Bernardo of the Canadian shooting
Sports Association said he was never
consulted
despite being listed as though he had
been Tracy Wilson from the Canadian
Coalition for firearms rights said that
she had never been contacted by the
Liberals as part of their consultations
on c71
the Saskatchewan Wildlife Federation's
president Heath dredger was listed as
being consulted but he said he was not
contacted by the feds and Allison Groot
the managing director of the Canadian
sporting arms and ammunition Association
said that her group had not been
consulted they were denied an
opportunity to speak to the Public
Safety Minister staff and they were also
denied an opportunity to speak at a
House of Commons review committee on
bill C 71 from the very beginnings bill
C 71 was a solution in search of a
problem the liberals wanted gun control
so they used increased gang violence in
inner cities to bring it in even though
law-abiding Canadian licensed firearms
owners are not the people committing
inner-city gang violence that's crazy
liberals needed consultations to go in
their favor so not only did they
unfairly wait the consultations with
pro-gun control activists but the
Liberals doubled up on many of them and
they were not transparent about the rest
of them there were only nine of 53
people listed as consulted that
represented hunters sports shooters and
firearms retailers and we know at least
four of those weren't even spoken to at
all so five of 53 that's all the
consultation that Canada's well over 2
million firearms license holders get
from the Liberal government before they
turn many of us into criminals overnight
for the revolt media I'm Shiela gun Reid
gun control is a sacred cow of the
liberal left but so is environmentalism
and I've got a brand new book out
exposing the godfather of the green scam
here in Canada David Suzuki the book is
called the case against David Suzuki an
unauthorized biography and you can
download it for free right now at Suzuki
book.com and if you want a pitch in to
cover the cost of producing this book
for you you can do that there too at
Suzuki book.com
