Sadiq Khan finally seems to have
realized that a stab athon in London
isn't all that great for his reputation
so that's why he's now begging Sajid
Javid the new Home Secretary for more
money
let me start by saying that I'm not
actually against giving more money to
the police in London the Tory cuts have
been well extensive I'm not saying they
weren't necessary I mean sometimes
austerity is necessary you can't just
spend money you don't have but at the
same time as I've said numerous times
before on this show
the Tories haven't exactly been great at
spending money wisely so to cut so a big
issue that we can talk about separately
but the thing is as well as giving the
police more money Sadiq Khan needs to be
thinking about how he spends the money
he already has he seems to finally be
getting the message now about a few
things one of them being stop and search
I mean he's got his his own version of
stop and search he now he calls it
targeted stop and search which isn't
really stopping search at all but not
only that he's now asking the Home
Secretary for more money and the Express
is reported today the mayor of London
admitted he welcomed mr. Javits promised
to increase funding but desperately
pleaded with him to do it sooner than
the government's next spending review he
said I welcome the new Home Secretary's
pledge to prioritize police funding it's
about time the government woke up to the
stark reality of the cuts they have
imposed but waiting to the spending
review next year is far too late we have
seen police officer numbers dropped
below 30,000 in London for the first
time in 15 years and it's not
sustainable and I would probably agree
with him if you're going to be pumping
more more money back into the police do
it soon obviously something needs to be
done I suspect the reason Sadiq Khan
wants it done sooner rather than later
is because the more this happens in
London the more it hurts his reputation
I think Sadiq Khan would be perfectly
happy if this was still happening but it
wasn't being reported on in the media if
these crimes were being committed and
Sadiq Khan could still go along with his
equality and diversity policies and
banning this and banning that without
people knowing just how bad the crime
rate was in London I think he'd be just
as happy but he knows his reputation is
going down the tanks I can't even have
the cheek then to say that such a Javid
must quote really understand the issues
facing the police by giving them proper
funding and powers I mean sure Sadiq
Khan you really understand
tell me what London needs right that's
why you've got 900 plus hate crime
officers working for the Metropolitan
Police and you allowing the Metropolitan
Police to spend time energy resources
and money on becoming more ethnically
diverse and more representative of
London really you think that's what
London needs right now is a diverse
police force I don't care if every
single police officer at this point was
a fat butch woman it doesn't really
matter that we just need police officers
who cares if it's representative if
they're all white straight men so be it
let them go and do their bloody job
sidenote by the way has everybody seen
this video of the police and I think
it's York it's not in London but you
know this is a problem that's widespread
across the UK and I thought throw this
in here I have a quick look at this
video of the police in London this is
exactly the kind of stuff that Sadiq
Khan lets the police officers in in
London get away with by the way but this
this was a New York have a look at this
isn't that just embarrassing you know
the our police force which was once so
respected and once so great and now
wandering around in hi Bay's jackets and
the normal police outfits but they've
they've got these big things around
their neck they've got whistles and
they're celebrating Gay Pride
what's gay pride got to do with the
police what I mean one thing I noticed
that year went to gay pride with the old
rebel team last year to report on it now
I hate all this gay pride crap I don't
care if someone's gay but I don't like
the LGBT agenda I don't like the LGBT
political movement because that's what
it is it's political is political
homosexuality why can't you just be gay
and not make it political and what I
what I realized and thought about when I
was at that thing which by the way was
awful I couldn't stand it was horrible
but why is it that the police go to Gay
Pride and they dress up in colors and
whistle and celebrate but say the police
are there attending an EDL rally
while the police is either dressing up
in EDL colors or something I mean it's
the same thing these are protests the
police shouldn't be showing favor as far
as I'm concerned but the reason I show
this is because it's not just York where
this happens it happens across London as
well I as I say unfortunately I was at
that gay pride thing last year and I saw
the police doing it all this same kind
of crap why are we allowing this to
happen why the city can't allow this to
happen and we also it's really
fascinating that and Muslim would even
allow this stuff to happen because we
know what his religion says about gay
people don't we being an officer in
London at this point it must be pretty
easy ride mustn't it I mean you either
put your feet up and have a cup of tea
and spend the day scrolling through
Twitter on your computer all you get to
do another dance and dance about in the
street or if you have to go on a tender
burglary you just go there tell them all
very sorry this happened but there's not
much we can do but back to the express
Sadiq Khan says the Tories have cut met
police funding by over a billion quid
since they enter government in
20:10 now that is a lot of money but in
all honesty if they hadn't have cut that
money I'm not entirely sure that Sadiq
Khan would have been spending it in the
most positive of ways I'm sure there are
lots of diversity programs and Muslim
programs and this that and the other
programs that he could have spent that
money on quite easily so actually maybe
there's an odd side to these cuts in
London but in all honesty in all truth
in all seriousness these cuts are a big
issue but imagine what could have been
done with the money that the the Met
Police actually has if they prioritized
it properly imagine if Sadiq Khan was
actually sensible or fiscally and
thought about well maybe we should be
cutting back on programs that aren't
affecting people's safety maybe we
should cut back on programs that really
only matter to people on an emotional
level and maybe we should be focusing
instead on the safety of the people of
London imagine what could be achieved
with that even on a fraction of the
budget of the Met Police if you really
strict as trim down the resources if you
really took it down to the bare basics
and got those basics rights then imagine
what could be done in London London
could be a safe place to live following
a night of three stabbings in London
which left one person critically wounded
and two people injured
Sadiq Khan is now calling on the Home
Secretary to give more money to London
police and maybe that's a good idea but
maybe it'd be a great idea if we had
someone other than city can in charge of
the money imagine what could be done
outside of increasing spending in London
imagine what could be done if we didn't
implement fekus immigration policies and
import the worst of the worst into our
capital city imagine if our police
officers weren't just sitting around
policing the internet and imagine if we
didn't have to monitor tens of thousands
of jihadis on the street and imagine if
we didn't have to let the police just
dance around in the streets celebrating
Gay Pride and God knows what else
imagine if police didn't waste time on
that imagine if we weren't wasting
resources trying to make the force more
diverse and more representative and then
imagine if our government didn't spend
more
than 13 billion pounds in foreign aid
imagine what kind of money could be put
into London imagine what could be done
in our capital city
imagine how safe people could be Sadiq
Khan yes maybe the police should be
getting more money from the government
but it's your responsibility to
prioritize your resources and spend that
money wisely it's down to you to stop
this violence and for God's sake care
more about the safety of the people of
London than your own reputation if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team remember to download our
app on the Apple App Store and the
Google Play Store and like and subscribe
you
