with Google owning digital reality we
should be wary of digital colonialism
the term digital colonialism sounds a
lot like social justice speak and makes
us roll our eyes but in an age where
digital reality is becoming the reality
we should be wary of which corporations
are vying for virtual Dominion NP RS
quote 3d scans help preserve history but
who should own them only scratches the
surface of the dangers of allowing tech
companies like Google to digitize
reality it goes on to say Google is
trying to help preserve these
archaeological wonders by allowing users
access to 3d images of these treasures
through its site but the project is
raising questions about Google's
motivations and about who should own the
digital copyrights
some critics call it a form of digital
colonialism at first glance Google's
endeavor to scan and catalogue every
parcel of art and history seem like an
altruistic act of preservation but as we
have seen time and time again
Google's actions have been nothing short
of nefarious from blatantly biased
search results and shadow banning
algorithms that almost always seem to
favor the left it will become
increasingly difficult to reverse this
all-encompassing system like edits on a
wiki we can expect to see the slow drip
of revisionism twists our art and
history to fit the narrative of its
owners monuments of the West will be
reshaped and even erased at the whim of
any social justice foundation with deep
enough pockets that's why I'm concerned
about digital colonialism and the
all-encompassing reach of Google and the
major software companies as technocratic
mega corporations become the new
government's information will become the
new currency and the data wealth of
these new virtual nations outweighs that
of real name
although there are lawsuits levied
against the likes of Google and Facebook
for their unethical and often illegal
data mining censorship practices it
seems that our government stand
powerless against these privately owned
companies it's like a digital transfer
of the surf class from the hands of a
failed lordship to new techno commerce
ownership of art history is being
virtually transferred to a new
self-appointed ruling class of tech
police they are building their own
personal map of reality and in this map
they see us as their digital vessels
digitizing our history places us in a
virtual prison of illusions and our
ancestors are made at slaves their
legacy now the property of those who did
not build it and actively seek to
destroy it it seems as if the new battle
fronts of the culture war revealed
themselves daily this one being a cyber
war for our history and that I say
cyberpunks unite we have a war to win if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
