show people Gurkhas you know in north
america we might not know what they are
maybe sounds like gherkin there's
something which is I got pickle these
are an ethnicity of some of the most
loyal and fierce fighters in the British
Army and you can see this is actually on
the bridge and scroll down a little bit
the British Army isn't just multiracial
it is multinational in a way all the
former nations of the Empire if you want
to see some very interesting uniforms
google seek military you know because of
course the Brits were in India for
centuries and the Sikhs were sort of a
battle
class were like and they gravitated
towards the military historically and of
course says you may know Sikhs wear
turbans on their head so how do you
square that way that becomes part of the
uniform and so that's why I am in North
America in Canada in particular when
there is resistance to Sikh turban in a
military uniform I understand that
because uniform means one form and we
don't allow any other religious indicia
in our uniforms but can you show can you
just put up for me an image of seek seek
soldiers in their uniforms ok this isn't
bad but can I get a historical one can
you google seek uniforms British 19th
century or something like that and just
hit the image button because I'm talking
about like that was a modern picture you
showed Sikhs but I want to prove and
it's a it's a it's a painting more than
anything you're all Google and all you
seek soldier Britain and okay put it on
up if you got it that's exactly the one
I meant now that's obviously a painting
that's not a photograph I'm gonna guess
that's from around the early 19th
century those are legit bona fide a
British military uniforms that is not a
different country that is not a
different suspect that that those are
and there's there's lots of beautiful
pictures like this those are legit
British uniforms that's that is official
kit if I'm using the right phrase maybe
I'm not and why am I going on this
little tangent about Sikhs in the
military well I'll tell you why because
my friend reminded me of it when he was
in Burma he reminded me that the British
Army is the most diverse army in the
world that's a fact that's a fact now
the American army is very racially
diverse for four reasons including there
is some affirmative action but it was a
place that was radically egalitarian
they didn't allow if you have a black
commanding officer and you are a racist
you shut up they don't allow you no
racism is really being drummed out of
the hierarchy there it was an
egalitarian place and economically it's
a way out for people who grow up in a
marginalized community with economic
dysfunction join the army so I
acknowledge that the US Army is very
integrated and it's a path of success
for many minorities we all know that and
in Canada too by the way Mohawk Indians
in particular and other Indian bands
have a tradition of joining the military
including Canadian Mohawks joining the
US Marines but can you dispute my claim
did the British Army is the most
racially and ethnically diverse in the
world perhaps
since roman times and for the same
reason that the Romans beasts rode the
earth and they took soldiers from every
country they conquered and why am i on
this tangent because my point is this do
not tell the British army that they are
racists or extreme or discriminatory
those young lads that were greeting
Tommy Robinson don't have a bigoted bone
in their body they fight with people of
all races and they fight for people of
all races and you don't need an anti
British pressure group like the Muslim
Council of Britain to cast aspersions on
them it's Muslim Council of Britain
that's extreme and divisive would you
not agree and don't tell me the
lily-white toughs at the Guardian and
other snooty snobs looking down their
noses as these working-class British
soldiers don't tell me that the
editorial suite of the Guardian is more
mixed-race than the British Army don't
tell me that because I know it's not
true whether it's a Gurkha or a Sikh or
yes even Muslim soldiers although I
regret and maybe you could find the
Times article of this Alex that I regret
that three times as many British Muslims
signed up to fight with Isis as signed
up to fight in the British Army if you
find that headline it's a time story
there's other stories put it up on the
screen so people know I'm speaking with
authority on that but the Sikhs and the
British Army have centuries of
partnership the Sikhs are as much the
British Army and the Gurkhas are as much
the British Army as those indigenous
Brits that we showed you moments ago
yeah look at this hundreds more UK
Muslims choose jihad than army scroll
down a little bit more than twice as
many British Muslims have travelled to
Syria and Iraq to wait she had that have
joined the British military over the
past two years the difference could be
even greater after it was claimed last
night the number of Britons to have
fought with the Islamic state Isis and
other extremist groups in the region was
much higher than the 400 to 500
identified PI police one MP said that
more than
1,500 Bridge militants had joined the
fight to create a Caliphate while a
leading figure in the Muslim community
put the figure at between six hundred
and a thousand about five hundred and
sixty Muslims serve in the British Army
I'm sorry as Ben Shapiro would say or
Gavin McInnes would say or Greg Gutfeld
would say those are hate facts but the
facts don't tell the British army
they're racist the British Army has in
its blood racial diversity because
that's what happens when you have an
empire based on meritocracy and by the
way don't make me read the poem Gunga
Din that you and I know Rudyard Kipling
is regarded as a racist but his deep
respect Roger Kipling but I'm not
mistaken born in India or maybe was born
in the UK and moved to India was a an
Orientalist
when that word was positive he loved the
India he wrote The Jungle Book if you're
wondering who I'm talking about
who wrote The Jungle Book that great
story with those words like Baloo and
Bagheera and kha and Mowgli that's read
your Kipling that's Rudyard Kipling the
greatest British chauvinist there ever
was who also wrote a poem called white
man's burden which is regarded as
horrific ly racist these days but if you
see if you read and with understanding
what he was talking about he said it's
um Britain's burden to go and bring the
rule of law and the Decalogue this is
what he called the ten commandments to
the world and the rule of law and
civilization and bureaucracy and
democracy what is the greatest gift the
Brits gave indi I put it to you
democracy and rule of law compare India
the gift that Brits gave India compared
India with China why is India the long
bet the long play because it has despite
its flaws in its corruption and poverty
it has the rule of law it has a
democracy it has an independent courts
it has a civil service it has the legacy
of hundreds of years of Britain there
of course there were some shortcomings
in colonialism look in the Middle East
what country did better Jordan which was
under British rule or Syria which was
under the French look in Africa where
the French colonies were versus the
Brits and I'm not here to say that
Empire and colonialism was an
unvarnished good of course there was
good and bad but I put it to you that
the places that had the most exposure to
British Traditions of law and governance
and the Magna Carta are the best former
colonies today would you agree
you
