I recently broke the story of Rutgers
University professor James Livingston
who complained about what he called
little Caucasian assholes annoying him
at a restaurant and said he now hates
white people since then the restaurant
owners have given him a little piece of
their minds and the professor well he's
only doubled down let's take a look
it's been about a week since Rutgers
history professor James Livingston
announced his resignation from the white
race which I accepted except well it was
more of a dishonorable discharge if you
consider his remark that he now hates
white people advocated for apartheid and
called rambunctious children at a
restaurant shithead and moron blaming
their behavior not on their age but
instead on their race now James or
Facebook deleted that post and the
professor told me he got banned for a
day he agreed to talk to me but then
chickened out
Rutgers released a statement saying it
has no room for racial intolerance and
told me it's investigating whether the
dude's comments violated the school's
discrimination and harassment policies
but the owners of the restaurant where
James went also had something to say we
asked that our name is removed from your
rant because we do not want to have
anything to do with you said Harlem
shake owners Jelena Pasic and our jury
coax them and yeah we ask that you get
your burger somewhere else we do not
tolerate racism either we thrive on
equality and fairness and have full
intentions to keep it that way
professor Livingston seems to have a
slightly different definition of racism
though he wrote a column Wednesday
titled confessions of a race traitor and
after suggesting he might have been
joking and complaining about some hate
mail including threats which of course
are unacceptable he said I'd be worried
and maybe even penitent if I thought
that reverse racism
blah blah blah was in the realm of
reality where we could measure its
results but there's no such thing do you
have unseen and unspoken power over
others merely because you were born a
white boy and they weren't ask yourself
and be honest about it okay it's a
rhetorical question with a built-in
answer of course you do know I'm sorry
but I'm not going to let you redefine
racism as some privilege plus power
bogus so that's suddenly only your
ideological opponents happen to be
racist it's the same thing with illegal
alien which became undocumented
immigrant and now apparently
undocumented citizen don't let these
malicious loons manipulate language and
use it as a political weapon
but if you happen to send Livingston
hate mail you apparently might as well
be a KKK member the professor said you
want to think you never benefited from
the color of your skin what a joke on
you
you're ridiculous you ought to be
wearing white robes and burning crosses
on your field of dreams except that you
send your hate mail via Apple washes is
this how much discourse has degenerated
in the West either you agree with me or
you're an outright KKK Nazi you would
think professors would be above this if
you hadn't been watching this show that
is for a campus unmasked I'm Rob Jim
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
