the Lewis amis by-election is really
heating up and I think the Lib Dems are
going to do much better than I
originally thought
so these are my new predictions for the
lewisham East by election
the Lewis shimmies by-election is really
hotting up things have really changed
over the last couple of weeks since I
first gave you my predictions of what
was going to going to happen in the
election it's gonna be held on the 14th
of June which is as of recording six
days from now
and I gave you my predictions and I
thought that Labour would win I still do
but I also said the Tories would come
second then I said for Britain third
LibDems fourth you Kip fifth Green six
women's equality seventh Christian's
eighth Democrat some veterans ninth
young person's party tenth independent
eleventh libertarian 12 monster raving
loony 13 and radical party 14th but I've
changed my mind I think things are gonna
work out differently now and let me tell
you why I think the Lib Dems are putting
in a major major play for Lewisham
Eastern Corbin's vision on brexit isn't
clear and that's important in Lewisham
East because between 60 70 % of people
voted remain so it's instantly tough for
parties like Democrats and veterans you
kick for Britain and the Tories who want
breaks it obviously the Tories want it
less than the other parties I mentioned
but still it's gonna be hard for those
to win this or to even do well actually
so the remain vote is really important
in this election it's I think it's
probably less about local issues are
more to do with brexit brexit and remain
the Lib Dems are positive putting in a
play for the people's votes that they
call it which is another referendum
about breaks it they don't think the
first people's vote was enough they want
another one and if that goes wrong then
they'll probably want another one after
that but they've put in a huge play for
this and the fact that Corbin can't make
up his mind whether reason leave or
remain is definitely playing in the Lib
Dems favour here they've got a very
clear and strong message their candidate
Lucy salic is going around the
constituency saying if you vote for me I
will vote for the Lords amendments on
brexit and I will vote for a people's
vote a new referendum on brexit that's a
strong unconvincing offer for pea
people who won't remain people who don't
like democracy Vince Cable the leader of
the Liberal Democrats has been in the
consistent constituency a lot I think
about six or seven times and he goes out
and he's signing big pledges in the
street and he's at the campaign office
handing out cake literally that's what
the doing the ploy employing people in
there with cake but Corbin made a visit
it was very brief it only happened the
other day and he did it on black Heath
which is right at the top of the
constituency and it's just a massive
common it's just a huge field and he's
just stood in the middle of the field
away from the voters and did a quick
video with Janet Davy who wasn't his
choice for candidate and then BOOM
enough and that was that I've seen
online on the low chemise hashtag labor
canvasses talking about how they don't
talk about Korbin on the doorstep so
obviously Corvin isn't winning them any
favor because of brexit which is why now
I think the Lib Dems are going to come
second and it could be narrow it could
be narrow interestingly the Lib Dems
phonebank script has been leaked and it
shows how they're manipulating voters so
they call up they ask people how they
vote and if they give them an answer
they've got a script of what they say so
if it's a Labour voter they say labour
voters are telling us that they'll
support the Lib Dems to sing Corbin a
message on breaks it that's what they
say or they might say many conservative
supporters are saying they'll vote Lib
Dem to beat labour because they know the
Conservatives can't win in Lewisham East
this is all fake I mean this is off
first off labour voters aren't telling
them that and conservative supporters
aren't telling them that let's face it
they're just saying that they know they
can get away with saying it but secondly
it's it's manipulative and I think it's
wrong and it's what they do in their
leaflets when they say they share a bar
chart and say oh well the Conservatives
can't win here so you've got to vote Lib
down it's manipulative who that have
dance to say that the conservative can't
win who are they to say that you know I
think this is something the Electoral
Commission needs to look into actually
they they've got rules against treating
which is paying people they should have
rules against lying
actually they should have rules against
flat-out lying and manipulating voters I
mean they did the same thing with the
newspapers they've been hanging out with
I do handing out which I did video on
the other week where the the leaflets
actually just looked like magazines and
it says Lucy say like the woman tipped
to be on next MP tipped by whom she
isn't tipped by anybody to be the next
MP no bookies are saying she's gonna win
it no politicians are saying she's gonna
win it even though the Dems aren't
saying that she's going to win it so she
isn't tipped by anyone to be the next MP
and again that makes it goes back to my
point
I think the Electoral Commission should
do something about the fact that the Lib
Dems are lying but unfortunately all
these lies work and the Lib Dems have
been the most prominent in this campaign
I think they could beat the Tories
because of regs it and the sheer amount
of canvassing that's been going on for
the Lib Dems it's just massive it was
brilliantly summed up in this tweet here
by somebody called Adrienne Mitchell
Lucy salic is genuinely haunting me if I
open the post she's there go on social
media she's there read a news article
she's there I'm not voting for you very
funny but you know salic really has been
everywhere
she's been auction houses she's been
coaching football
she's even posed with snakes and she's
been promising voters that she'll cancel
brings it basically another interesting
story in this election is the battle
between UK planned for Britain now for
Britain started when Amory left you get
after losing the leadership contest
after high up people in UK Nigel Farage
and other leaders referred to a marine
her supporters as racists and Nazis so
she settled for Britain and they have
actually battled it out before once in
in they can stitch in a ward in the
council elections earlier this year and
you Kotori for Britain actually beat you
Kip then but that was a ward and it's
much easier to to win these wards with
inspiring local messages this is a bio
action and what's gonna be really
interesting about this is I think for
Britain could still beat you keep on
this now you kids been getting more
attention than for Britain because
they've had this leaflet go out that
says stop the carnage KH a N and the
media has been talking about that and of
course they've had channel 4 out
reporting there and you Kipps had
coverage on channel 4 but for Britain
hasn't so you kids definitely got the
bigger brand
more recognizable but what we've seen is
when Amory stood for you Kip in 2015 she
came third in the 2017 election you Kip
came significantly further down the list
than third the vote share was dropped
significantly so it doesn't look like
you Kipp really realistically are going
to do much better this time so the
battle now is can for Britain inspire
enough voters who previously voted for
Amory to go out and vote for her again
before Britain beats you Kip that's
significant because it means a smaller
party has beaten a bigger party with
infinitely more resources maybe not
these days actually but infinitely more
brand recognition however if you keep
beat for Britain less of an interesting
story because as I say there are more
established brands so it will be
interesting to see how things fare with
the smaller parties in Lewisham but so
there's two battles here there's the
battle between the two patriotic parties
and there's the battle between labour
and naturally no not even labour it's
the battle between the Lib Dems and the
Tories of who's going to come second
with the Lib Dems fighting hard in
Lewisham with the Lib Dems handing out
fake newspapers that pretend that their
candidate is ticked to be the next MP
with the Lib Dem candidates being out on
the street every waking moment of every
waking day with a campaign office filled
with cake and loads of videos going out
online loads of material with Lucy Salix
smiling face on it with them really
putting this much effort in I think it's
changed the dynamic here that combined
with the fact that Lewisham East is a
remain constituency and the Tories are
not a remain party or at least they're
not meant to be so here are my new
predictions for Lewisham East I think
Labour's going to come first but with a
significantly reduced majority with the
Lib Dems coming second then I think it
will be the Tories simply because the
Tories are one of the big parties and
then fourth I think it's possible that
for Britain might do it then I think it
will be you Kip just because they've got
more of a brand recognition and then I
think it will be greens although I am
toying with the idea of you keeping
greens switching maybe greens would come
fifth and you keep six who knows then I
think the women's equality party will
come seventh because who wants to vote
solely on women's equality unless
they're talking about Sharia I'm not
interested because women have got lots
of rights in the UK in fact arguably
they have more but that's for another
time
the Christians I think will come eight
Democrats and veterans not I don't
really I've not seen a massive campaign
from them so I think they'll come ninth
libertarians the candidate seems very
nice but again I I've not seen a huge
campaign and I don't think
libertarianism is something that's
really on the voters minds 11th I think
the young party 12th monster raving
loony thirteen radical and 14th
independent the independent candidate
for the 14th see appears to be
campaigning for access to legal
information and I don't think he's
really putting a massive amount of
resources into his campaign so that's
where I think we are labour win Lib Dem
second and Tory is beaten to third and
who knows we've West let's keep an eye
on the battle between the two patriotic
parties let's see whether for Britain
beats you kit or you Kip beats for
Britain if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rap
app from the Apple App Store and the
Google Play Store
you
