let's break this down 72 I believe Kagan
she voted with the Conservatives on this
one right
she didn't it's a trap okay explain this
because you've been one of the few
people out there that doesn't like this
decision that's really digging in run
with it explain why this is a trap
what's wrong with this decision of
course we're talking about the decision
in favor of the bakery that refused to
bake a cake a wedding cake for a gay
couple sure I've the right job to go
into your house take your cookies on the
table take the milk in the refrigerator
take your pillows and you know what even
I could even take your wife but see in
this case I was really really rude about
it and they said you can't do that you
just can't do that and you're like well
what's to that well be rude about it
okay okay you're just for the audience
so your initial assessment is they
didn't they didn't address the
underlying baby
the thing is they they look they didn't
they didn't address it dress the under
the underlying offense legally they
addressed a symptom they're saying you
could rip somebody off just be polite
when you do it but but let me just say a
little stronger it's not just that they
didn't address it they didn't address in
the legally binding way because it
wasn't relevant to the case but they
absolutely said very clearly that and
this is not a direct quote as but as a
general rule you as a private business
owner cannot assert religious liberty
rights to denying people service it was
they were just saying in this case that
they were set up
they weren't um David this Colorado
Colorado Civil Rights Commission do not
apply your law neutrally if you actually
do a word search on neutral in the
opinion it comes up over a dozen times
the ACLU lawyers are right you know I
agree with them in the sense that they
lost the battle but won the war most
other circumstance let's go there so are
you saying
they won the war because of what you
paraphrase the Supreme Court ultimately
saying the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission got this one wrong so we have
to rule in favor of the bakery however
in the broader sense we feel that a
baker should have to bake a cake for a
gay couple because that Baker doesn't
have a right to exert religious
liberties as a reason to deny service
that and also in conjunction with the
fact that the lower courts like the
Ninth Circuit have already done this in
the storm ins case forcing a pharmacy to
stock their shelves with every type of
contraception right many other cases and
the court and the supreme court is not
taking up the appeal so did we a hundred
percent
officially lose yet no but that's my
point
we need to act legislatively in Congress
in the state legislatures to protect us
beforehand this is the equivalent of
being in between Windsor and obergefell
on gay marriage you do yeah but you know
you will and that's my point here yeah
it's better than if it would have been a
hundred percent the other way but I'm
just telling you the fact that Kagan and
Breyer signed on was away hub of
screwing us in the long run and we and
it's hanging by a thread and you know
like anything hanging by a thread you
got to come there and secure it
immediately go to the app store download
the rebel app as always thank you so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
