the latest maneuvering by the Ministry
of Education has been letters sent by
the Deputy of Education Minister -
mostly from what we can tell although
not only small faith-based independent
schools many of whom are in a court
challenge against this piece of
legislation that some are calling the
rainbow reprimand and their safe and
caring policies have been highlighted
with words like truth and I will read
this section for example we believe men
and women are created in the image of
God after his likeness and therefore
have transcendent intrinsic worth this
is highlighted and it allegedly violates
the school act because this is
unwelcoming uncaring and disrespectful
so saying to your students and your safe
and caring policies that they have
transcended transcendent and intrinsic
worth is deemed disrespectful by the
deputy ministers so this is this is gone
you know so far down the train tracks
that we're now in a place where faith
based language is being you know
demanded to be stripped out of safe and
caring policies for these independent
schools in particular Donna can you
repeat that again because it's so crazy
that it just cannot be real what were
the reasons again that the Deputy
Education Minister felt that basically
the attestation of one's faith as a
reason not to bully somebody else why
did why did the education or the Deputy
Education Minister say that that was not
allowed well I you know all I know is
that the schools have asked that exact
question they have actually basically as
far as I know just sent back a reply
saying why is it unwelcoming can you
please describe why it is unwelcoming
uncaring and/or disrespectful for us to
say
that men and women are created in the
image of God after his likeness and
therefore have transcendent intrinsic
value the bottom line is a word that was
highlighted in this document as well as
just the word truth just that word
highlighted and pulled out is
unacceptable and safe and caring
policies the excuse that's coming to
people that and I don't know about these
schools I haven't heard what kind of
response they're getting but from others
that I have been in communication with
parents for choice and education the
excuse that's coming back from out the
Alberta Ministry is that we're not
telling these schools that they can't
teach their faith in the schools they
just can't have faith language in their
safe and caring policies like the word
truth apparently and our response is
that's completely illogical because what
that's basically saying is you can have
your faith based school and you can take
teach your faith based perspectives but
you cannot tell your students that they
are true and when we have a government
that is literally coming in and telling
schools what their policies must be
their policies are their identity
especially when it comes to how best to
care for some of their most vulnerable
students in those schools so we have one
man in government that has the power to
come in and transform every school in
this province from the inside out into
one-size-fits-all institutions and that
basically would crush any genuine choice
because if all choices in education are
made the same then there is no choice to
be made that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
