you
oh I'm answer Levant its to Nathan
you're watching battleground
and nice to be with you again my name is
Ezra Levant I am the rebel commander
here at the rebel dot media we every day
at 12 noon eastern time 5:00 p.m. in the
UK 9:00 a.m. on the Pacific coast we
have one hour of live chit chat it's a
casual show as compared to my more
formal 8:00 p.m. Eastern show that's
behind a paywall and what's fun about
this is it's live and interactive as you
can see right beside the video panel
tons of chats and YouTube's invented
something called super chat where for a
couple bucks your chat can be in a
bright highlight and for five bucks or
so it's stuck to the top and the great
news is that money YouTube gives to us
they've demonetised a conservative media
across the board that happened in
January February of 2017 it's basically
YouTube's way of squelching conservative
commentary so this is a substitute I
have no doubt that in short order they
will shut this down too they just didn't
realize that conservatives could use it
so that's what we do and Fridays we call
it free-for-all Friday's where I really
dig into your comments as you know
Monday to Thursday I bring prepared
video clips website stuff on Twitter to
guide the discussion and I take a few
comments but on Fridays well we're gonna
give her we're gonna give her my goal is
to get through at least 20 or 30 of your
comments today so let's let's just start
it off I see there's a lot of chitchat
from our Canadian friends who've been
watching domestic politics of course
last night was the election of Doug Ford
he's a new Premier of Ontario and
overwhelming win he doubled the the
Liberal Party that he just dispatched he
got about 40 percent of vote which to
our friends in the United States
probably sounds low because they have a
essentially a two-party system but here
we had three very competitive parties so
to win 40% is a clear majority if I'm
not mistaken he won 69 seats out of just
over 120 seats in the legislature a
clear majority there are some wobbly red
Tories in his tribe but not enough to
stop his momentum
he was compared to trump by his enemies
who think Donald Trump is unpopular
because in the fancy classes in Canada
and the UK and of course the United
States Trump is despised by the fancy
people that includes the media I think
some really normal people they sort of
like Trump in some ways not everything
about him but they like his bluntness
they like the fact that he's not owned
by anybody
they like the fact that he talks back to
the media and doesn't bend the knee to
them I think a lot of ordinary people
despise the media the media is unaware
of this or they don't care because
they're impervious to it I think there
are some similarities between Trump and
Doug Ford and they're all salutary
they're all good things the fact that
he's an outsider wants to drain the
swamp that he wants to make Ontario
great he doesn't use that phrase I think
that the comparison that was said with
the sneer by the fancy people ordinary
people said yeah okay sure
there's another comparison and I'll get
to the comments in a second but I know
for a fact that the Ford family Doug and
his late brother Rob who was on it was
the mayor they have enormous support
amongst visible minority communities and
that's not usual for conservative
politicians in the States or the UK I
mean Donald Trump got less than 10
percent of the black vote I think it
maybe was I don't remember the number
offhand I know it was more than Mitt
Romney God and same with Hispanics but
nowhere near to the same support that
Trump got from white Americans but with
the Fords they the new Canadians the
immigrant community at the communities
they love the Fords they love them and
in fact if you if you looked at where
Rob Ford the mayor one
he didn't win the fancy parts of the
city he didn't win the downtown parts he
won the more ethnic the community the
higher Rob Ford's vote went so they
didn't buy that he's a racist he's
alright they just they didn't buy it
they weren't then it
it's a phenomenon that the Ford family
has and it's sort of miraculous I think
is very interesting so let's we're gonna
what we can talk about that we could
talk about whatever you want to talk
about there's a Tommy Robinson rally in
the United Kingdom tomorrow we will have
a camera there I don't think we're going
to be live streaming the whole rally but
we've got some interviews set up so
we'll have those for you after the rally
it's a free Tommy rally we might embed
someone else's live stream I don't know
if we'll have our own live stream but we
have some friends there who livestream
maybe we'll just embed that on our
website so if you're interested in the
free Tommy rally the rebel will be on
your side there as we've discussed
before these rallies are good it's
important to mark the public
disagreement with the fact that it's
really tantamount to a political
prisoner but of course what has to
happen for him to be freed it's not just
a placard or a protest but rather a
legal appeal and if I'm not mistaken
today marks 14 days since his conviction
and if I understand correctly an appeal
has to happen within 21 days I'm not the
legal decision maker for Tommy unlike
when he worked for us last year when I
immediately went to an appeal for him on
his behalf I didn't wait for his
instruction I was his boss back then we
had to signed him to his story he got
thrown in jail for it we didn't need to
wait around say are you okay it's like
it's like a patient who's unconscious
you don't need to say hey man do you
want to be revived it's okay if I do CPR
you just do CPR on the patient you don't
wait for them to say please save my life
because you assume they want their life
saved that's how it was a year ago but I
am not in that position this year and
I'm worried that we're going to reach
the the 21-day appeal period with Tommy
without an appeal being filed part of me
does not want to contradict the family
or the lawyer in charge because it is
not my business but another part of me
aches at the fact that what have you got
to lose why not try to appeal and what's
the worst that could happen you serve 13
months all right let's go to your
comments let's have some fun here John
Zealand says good morning for donaci√≥n
and
that roof trinocular Spee happy for all
Canadians well that's the thing it's not
just a win for Ontario which it
definitely is but it's a win for the
rest of Canada because how Ontario goes
affects the rest of the country hate to
say it's the biggest popular biggest
population it's the biggest economy a
lot of the head offices are here it's
the media capital it's where the
national federal capital Ottawa is so
yeah
Ontario does affect the country and look
at Justin Trudeau's point of view the
lefty Prime Minister he was counting on
Liberal government's across country to
support his agenda all the Atlantic
provinces are liberal Quebec until
Alberta was worse than liberal versus BC
well the fight back is beginning on
Saskatchewan conservative Alberta will
go conservative an election next year
and Ontario was the big prize things
like the carbon tax the trio can have
certain anymore I'm very excited about
what this means for the rest of country
oh I see some super Chad's popping up
sorry I didn't notice those let's read
those Tom Young John Trump flipped me
from loathing to loving in the last year
be debate of 2015
it's called bear formally channelled
Bill O'Reilly Trump channels himself
it's an interesting comment Tom you
don't have to want Donald Trump to be
your boyfriend ad love you happy with
the present I think you some of the
humans the brittleness a fan for the
things that we like in the we we within
our personalized they're not the best
for a president who it reminds me of
that speech you know the with Tom Cruise
and Jackson about the soldiers in Cuba
you can't handle the truth you know that
one where Jack Nicholson said you know
even a man
that's you can sleep easy at night I'm
obviously maybe a rough rest of those of
us don't have to be super tough William
does many of my cloths cos refreshed out
their donations but are worried about
coming out now with a majority will that
culture change I presume you turn the
air conditioning on at 73 please hey
everybody welcome back you know before
the show started today we checked all
three interconnect connections were
blazing strong and we double-checked it
cuz we had this buffering issue
yesterday so I am sorry about that we've
just switched Internet
that works hopefully it's coming through
loud and clear right now I see in the
comments some folks say oh I miss what
you were saying I was saying I was in
response to one of the questions is it
okay to come out publicly as a
conservative I would say yes because now
you know that look to your right look to
your left one of your neighbors is a
conservative to the fact that the media
party is overwhelmingly liberal well it
goes to the nature that the media are
not in the middle they're not middlemen
anymore they are partisan themselves so
being a conservative in Ontario I'm not
going to say it's cool because the
tastemakers
are the fancy people in the media and
they will never accept being
conservative is cool but who cares what
they say you know there's gold there
there ninnies there there's mirrors you
know I think you have to get over what
the media says and realize that they are
the fringe do we have that vice tweet
let's put this up here look at this I'm
sorry look at that look at that's a
tweet from vice Canada
and I gotta tell you that's the most
humor that I've seen invites Canada in a
long time and wouldn't you say that's
actually a great photo of Doug keep it
that photo just button just like that
photo he looks happy he and he looks
like the kind of guy that Vice hates as
in he's not a millennial and he's of the
wrong race and gender of course and I
just love it love it love it love it
love it and you know if if you needed
any proof that the media is a party and
not the middleman between you and the
facts but rather a filter a block a
gatekeeper
isn't that the proof right there yeah
I'm not gonna do it right now god I'm
gonna do a little bit of so my show
tonight at 8:00 p.m. if you look at for
example the comedians on Canada's state
broadcaster they're all there they're
rarely funny to begin with I mean
government comedy is a contradiction in
terms
it's like jumbo shrimp or something I
think right they're not even pretending
they're all just mad and I'm worried
they're gonna get into the Saturday
Night Live post Trump kind of comedy
which is rage and anger with a laugh
track they were bad enough to begin with
towards Trump now they're just going to
be unwatchable I mean - if you thought
for one second the media was just a
middleman between you and the facts you
were dead wrong
okay I think the buffering is done let's
let's get some comments going dirige
Cotulla answer thank you for giving us
your full show I hope you continue this
even after Tommy issue is done well
thank you and you know what I was doing
this for a few weeks before the Tommy
issue arose so we've just talked a lot
about Tommy because people care about it
in Canada and around the world we will
have news for you from Thomas rally in
London tomorrow but like I say if
there's no appeal lodged with the courts
in seven days like today's 14 days since
Tommy was convicted and sentenced
I know appeals being lodged as far as I
know and if that it's not done in seven
days and that is a very short period of
time because really at seven calendar
days is five business days I mean you
got to draft a thoughtful appeal if
that's not done my kind of C's gonna rot
in prison because he's not rotting but
he's gonna be in prison for months okay
take a look Lauren southern spelt the
mail way of Lauren says vice is a
dumpster fire sure they are and you know
I have a rule of thumb vise calls me up
for questions once in a while and I
always write back to vice I've done this
about three times now maybe that's why
they don't write to me anymore
I say I'm happy to be interviewed by
someone from vice but you're the Harvey
Weinstein Company of clickbait websites
so before I talk with you I need you to
renounce Vice media's corporate culture
of misogyny and sexual harassment and
tell me you renounce that because I
don't want to talk to you because it
would be like if someone from the Harvey
Weinstein company called me up said hey
man I want to pretend like everything's
normal and I can just ask you questions
well no no you're with a super creepy
company built on you know predators
being predators and you know they
actually had staff sign a sexual
harassment permission form saying yeah I
understanding any her a super gross so
and and Shane Smith has stepped aside
but the corporate culture remains so
when vice calls me up or they usually
email me I write back as a happy to talk
with you you just need to renounce your
corporate culture and I've done that
three times and twice they refuse to one
lady from Vice UK I did and I was very
grateful that you did Andrew
Hetherington it's easy to spot the
mainstream media agenda they're so out
of touch with the people just take out
UK bias reporting on Italy's new
government they don't even try to hide
it and you're so right and I watched I
watched a video Hannah can you google
channel for Tommy Robinson it's very new
I think it just came out yesterday
channel 4 you know Channel four that's
the TV station that Jordan Peterson went
on with Kathy Newman and he was trying
to talk about his book and she said do
you mean to
say the people are like lobsters and he
said no actually I was just comparing
the nerve like you remember that
interview it was it's ahead 10 million
YouTube anyways this classic so that
sort of a that's a pretty weak TV
channel well they thought they would
come out and weigh in on the Tommy
Robinson situation and just to tell you
what to think well first of all it only
took him two weeks to get their act
together and second of all they lie
about Tommy and they have a liar as a
host I'll tell you what I mean by the
line they're the expert they have are
liars a guest they have they they had a
expert who said Tommy was attempting to
interfere with the lawsuit that's a lie
that implies what we call mens rea a--
the mental element that you were trying
to positively trying to interview it was
obviously tommy was trying to do the
opposite he was trying to be careful he
was careful where he was standing he was
careful referring to the defendants as
the accused not convicted he was careful
only to read what was in the public
domain already he didn't release any
confidences from the trial so they're
liars a channel form and do we have an
image of what that do we can we play
that even as b-roll as I'm talking do
you have that channel for any I was just
it needs a proper rebuttal not just a
little chat chitchat here if I find the
time over the weekend I'll write a
detailed rebuttal to that channel for a
lie that you think that they would quit
while they're as far behind as they are
Channel four disgraced and so you know
what it's a nine minute clip or an 11
minute clip can we just can we just play
can we just play like sixty seconds of
it I'm not any part of it is fine I just
want to show people the channel for
attempted takedown of Tommy and then
later I'd like you to show the likes and
dislike ratio of the video so just play
any minute of the clip it doesn't even
matter which Bennett take a look
misunderstanding of the way the law
actually works in the UK now criminal
law can be complicated so for this video
we've asked Adam Wagner to help us out
Adam is an experienced human rights
barrister
who's been practicing for nearly a
decade to put it simply he knows the
contempt laws and how a courtroom works
and he's going to help us make sense of
this case for you so why were these
reporting restrictions on the trial at
Leeds in the first place
at the beginning of every criminal trial
all right I won't make you watch it but
it was extremely condescending I I think
that video it almost felt like something
you'd show maybe a high school class
they really believe their viewers are
idiots that was the first thing that
came through maybe it's just the
personal style of that presenter there
but I just felt like I was being talked
down to the whole time I don't think I'm
and maybe I'm just very attuned to the
snobbery and the classism of the UK
media now and I think that animates a
lot of their hatred for Tommy and so I
felt like they were treating me like I
was stupid I say again that human rights
barrister yeah what's that got to do
with contempt of court I mean human
rights I think Tommy's human rights have
been violated by the way his freedom of
speech his freedom of conscience but
contempt of court has got nothing to do
with human rights law and that barrister
they had they asked questions to told a
lie about Tommy he said Tommy was
attempting to interfere with the trial
he most certainly wasn't and although I
have not read the full transcript of the
contempt of court hearing that Tommy
underwent two weeks ago I'm quite
certain the judge did not say that he
attempted to if you actually were an
expert in contempt of court law you
would know it's a strict liability
offense you don't have to show contempt
show a mental guilt to be convicted you
just have to have done something not
even wittingly so that lawyer is a liar
the host is a condescending liar and you
know what I've worked myself up here in
the last minute I think I'm going to do
a rebuttal of that video maybe I'll
write it over the weekend and we'll
record it on Monday maybe I'll share my
rebuttal with you on Monday do we have
can we show the website that shows the
likes two dislikes ratio you see that
there so you've got a thousand people
who liked it and 2.2 said to point to a
3.2 thousand people who dislike it
that's not to say that likes and
dislikes are you know determinative I
mean who knows but I think a lot of
people also felt lied to and
condescended to and you see Channel 4
News there while we're on Channel 4 News
can you just google that Kathy Newman
and we don't even have to play a clip of
it I just want to show people just to
remind them that Channel 4 News murdered
its own reputation a couple months ago
when they had Jordan Peterson there I
just throw it up as b-roll as I go here
just to remind people if they don't know
what I'm referring to in the meantime
I'll talk about a couple of super chats
that came in as was first a regular said
keep up the good work support Tommy on
the 9th yeah you see yeah I just play a
little bit of that remember that people
I mean I don't even you can see that
that says more than 10 million views and
talk about likes and dislikes that's got
more than a quarter million likes and
seven point nine thousand dislikes
people just thought it was a massacre I
mean Jordan Peterson he he keeps his
cool he doesn't take the bait and just
way to say hold it up here till we see
Kathy Newman
I guess when people see here those
disappear so you mean to say it's what
you see there that is what you're saying
is it ok you can take it to our people
like lobsters vizac said big blue wave
coming across Canada that's a reference
to in Canada of course the parties on
the writer blue as opposed to an America
where blue states are Democrats I'm not
know I don't know if about a big blue
way but I'll tell you one thing for the
last two years we've been living under
false consciousness brought to you by
our meanie pop media party that everyone
loves Trudeau but he's amazing that this
country's being overcome by trudeaumania
and that if you don't like Trudeau
you're weird and come on it's 2015 and
everyone really is obsessed with gender
analysis and transgender analysis and
global warming and come on man well I
think we just proved that it's not true
and if it was trudeaumania when Justin
Trudeau God I think he got 39% in the
last election well Doug before God I
think 40 percent
tonight so is it Ford mania now of
course not
media wouldn't permit that so I think we
were all operating I mean false
consciousness is sort of a funny term
but if the meat it's more gas lighting
that's another way of saying it you know
that phrase when people say no no no
you're wrong and if you think people
don't like Trudeau you're wrong everyone
likes Trudeau
everyone likes Trudeau well and I don't
think so and I saw the interesting
comment by Pierre Paul EF today he said
was there anything about which Justin
Trudeau the Prime Minister disagreed
with Kathleen Wynne the premier on
that's a great point I can't think of
any daylight between them so is this not
a repudiation of every single thing
Justin Trudeau stood for and I think
there's some merit to that all right
let's read some more comments I think I
got the super chance if I'm missing one
I'm sure my team will let me know okay
so I'm just scrolling up a bit I'm gonna
I'm gonna work through some comments
it's twelve twenty five let me see if I
can bang through these comments I'm
sorry I went on a tangent there but I
just I had watched that video from
Channel four
Hanna can you remind me to do a quick
rebuttal to that channel four video I
think our people would like that because
there were some outright lies there and
and I feel like I know enough about
Tommy's case and I can rebut them and I
feel like I know enough about the law of
contempt in the UK having been part of
the fight back for Tommy and Canterbury
I I think I probably know more about
content of court law in the UK than I
want to know and I actually think maybe
I know a tiny bit more than that lawyer
they had their nose because he implied
that you need a mental element to be
convicted and that's just not true okay
Elizabeth Dyer says good luck UK with
protests on Saturday free Tommy and
depression on free speech love from
Canada there was a lot of love from
Canada you know it's funny
Hannah maybe you could know mean set you
on a wild goose chase here but that same
video of Channel four rebutting Tommy
they actually had several excerpts from
the rebel you maybe just throw that up
in beer oh I don't need to derail things
but they were using the rebel as you
know Oh some media say tommy was in jail
for his political point of view if you
can
find that why don't you play some that
in b-roll they show David Menzies it's
near the end of it there's some other
clips there they refer to that they
refer to the rabble by name it was sort
of fun I liked him
Lawrence other oh dear Ezra was that
your best British accent I didn't even
know I tried to do British accent I
don't think I did a British accent and
this by the way as I've learned there
are a ton of different British accents
Hannah can I give you another job can
you get John Fletcher from help John or
safely you know the John Fletcher from
Sunderland I just want to play some of
his amazing amazing accent for people
and then maybe maybe I'll try and copy
I'm not even going to go to what I
learned with Tommy is that there are
different accents in different parts
yeah you see this before there's our
David Menzies and and there's that that
barrister denouncing us so thanks for
sure I just want to say the rebel made
an appearance in that can you call up
the safe Fletcher vids I just want to
play a moment of Fletcher talking to
Tommy I learned so many wonderful
accents and it took me a while to adjust
my ear I mean I'm used to hearing
certain accents here in Canada but it's
glorious
I mean literally town to town they have
different the UK you could fit the whole
place in one Canadian province I think
you can I'm just guessing here I think
you could fit the entire United Kingdom
inside of Texas and yet you've got what
20 different accents in the UK you've
got a Welsh accent you got a Scottish
accent you got a posh accent you got a
Sunderland accent you've got a
Manchester accent you get a Liverpool
accent you've got so many how do you
have so many accents on one Island
you're on one Island together you've
been living together for so how can you
how do you not like how I don't know I
see a couple super chats well please
look for that save let's I just want to
show people that glorious glorious
accent was one of my favorites
Alan Ansel chipped in 50 bucks oh that's
very friendly of you Alan thanks very
much if you have a comment please write
it and I'll and I'll try and keep an eye
peeled for it thank you for the support
same thing one says so what you're
saying ezra is this
there's a lobster oh my god you know
that's just great do we have that yeah
okay we got the Fletcher thing someone
asked me for an accent if I'm soaked in
the accent for a while like like if I'm
marinated in it and I'm hearing it maybe
I can mimic it I don't want to do and by
the way don't think my copying of these
accents is in any way mockery it's not
it's it's fascination it's curiosity
it's affection its admiration its it's
just plain old cultural interest I loved
the people in Sunderland and the fact
that they spoke in this wonderful accent
we put up this video of Sunderland of
John Fletcher and I said to our team I
said guys we got to put captions under
John if we interview him again because
not everyone's got the ear to listen so
listen to John Fletcher shopkeeper in
Sunderland I think you're probably
familiar with the story you called for
an accent aye I don't feel like I can do
a great one right now but listen to this
accent what's happened am the police
Corman Caesar Burton dinner tear down
the garnet we bought me drinks license
and he drinks license of us saw
obviously tear it down
take a note say your livelihood yeah
they're gonna stop you earning money and
and providing few families yeah and yeah
how old do you fetch thirty thirty and
you've got this business other
businesses yeah or the business scenario
good fish and chips shop down the road
and with a scrapyard as well a
successful young hard-working man trying
to better his life and trying to further
his life and the police how many times
overall did they come here for this
about your times four they broke the
sorry know seven or eight times the
police come to his shop seven or eight
times now hardscape police officer seven
eight times and then in the end the way
they got him to remove that sign and
what was the reason for this it was
there a complaint there's a shop up the
road and Muslim shop it was common in a
book we sign so Muslim shopkeeper has
complained about your sign and the
police have come so basically they're
working for the Muslim shopkeeper to
come and fortunately in the end bully
you for your livelihood to take the sign
down now this is bullying so there's so
many cases like this across the country
that we need to be standing up to
and stand up some because I can't do
this so way I see they can't do this and
this boolean no one likes a boolean the
British public don't like bullies and
they've bullied him and threatened him
of his livelihood in order to making
that takedown a sign that says don't
fund terrorism
what's wrong with don't fund terrorism
and what I want to ask you is you see if
we go away and we get you a lawyer
the best lawyer where you get you a
solicitor so that as Lister is in place
they're paid and they're retained so at
the time that if you want to put it if
you wanted to put backup at the time
that the police come when the police
come you won't hurt you then what you
have to talk to them because it's not a
criminal matter you can then put your
solicitor in because I think we've took
legal advice and they can't do this I
can't friend you me license they
shouldn't be able to do this so if we
went away and instructed a lawyer would
you be up for yeah that's great yes
definitely yeah yeah you be up for
getting the sign back up and because I
think yeah I think it's a I think we
have to make a stand on these sorts of
issues there's so many issues like this
we're going around meeting people where
people are being bullied and intimidated
they're being bullied and intimidated
and don't fund terrorism on your shop
and you know what if you're watching
this and you're in Sunderland or you in
anywhere in the Northeast and you're
driving through this area come and use
this business yeah come and use this
business cuz they're bullying a young
businessman try and intimidate him for
showing patreon for this country that's
what's happening so anyone who's in the
area anyone who's coming in pop into his
shop it's got a chip shop Danny's got
this shop down here I hope you don't get
back a backlash Eva from this what's
your reaction bin since the video got
really really gripped everybody was all
the moan about the so nice today I'm
getting a bit stick foot I don't like
get it back up will get it back up and
will make it a lot bigger and better
than it was so we have a website for
this is safe flexor calm you know what I
could watch that all day you see what I
mean that wonderful Sunderland accent
now some people say Ezra I can't even
understand Tommy well come on you got a
you got a you got a really adjust your
ear and Tommy can dial up his accent a
little bit I find but that that
Sunderland accent and Chelsea right
headed to and if such as the accident
use different phrases but is that does
he really change his sign look at that I
didn't know this that Fletcher who Tommy
helped is now helping that is
beautiful my friends just put this up I
did not know this that Fletch that's was
friends called I think it's friends
called Fletcher Fletcher he's looking to
save to free Tommy you know what that's
a loyal man isn't that isn't that by the
way I have been to that shop and I I
went in there and I'm a Canadian so they
have different candy bars in the UK than
we do in North America and I bought some
that I thought were unknown here in
North America I brought them back and
people says we got those here so anyways
it's a great little shop it's very
little and if you are in Sunderland you
should go there look at that so you see
on the left there it says don't fund
terrorism that's what the cops came to
bully and you heard him the cops came
seven or eight times and did you hear
Tommy said well we can hire a lawyer
free we did I don't know if you remember
we crowdfunded a lawyer I remember his
name Rob fest enstein we brought him in
from Manchester good lawyer calm cool
collected came in and we scared off the
the city it was not just the cops
it was the cops it was the City Council
and you can take that down him I don't
know if you if it was clear to you then
in addition to the Fletcher's having
that convenience so it's a tiny
convenience store but the main thing
they sell there is is alcohol so the the
cops threatened to take away the booze
license he also has a fish and chip shop
obviously and they have a scrap yard
well when he wouldn't take down the sign
that says don't fund terrorism the
police sent what five cops to go through
his scrap metal yard to see if there was
a single piece of stolen something there
like they were basically raiding all of
the Fletcher family businesses that with
no with no grounds whatsoever no basis
whatsoever they just said oh well we're
gonna inspect the living daylights out
of every single thing you do because
you're embarrassing us for standing up
against terrorism and now I'm so proud
of Fletcher that he's standing in fort I
didn't know that until this moment my
team just put that up there I see some
more super chance to see went up there
right now
Alan Ansel hey Azhar I had to stop
Trudeau at your carbon tax rally could I
make a rebel flag I'll fly it high keep
fighting for
freedom a rebel flag well I like the
sounds of that
yeah fly your flag I think we gotta
freshen up our story here the rebel and
if you make a flag maybe we can sell it
on our rebel store you know I mean in I
see from time to time especially when
the playoffs around and when I live in
Toronto and you see these little flags
that stick into your car you know you
you roll up your car window and it sort
of you fly a little flag that's held in
place by your car window I wonder if
anyone would fly their rebel flag I bet
they would in certain parts like I bet
in Alberta in Toronto you'd probably get
some anti foot types you know shaking
their fist statue but you'd show your
rebel pride yeah I like the idea okay so
three six let me get back to the
comments but you wanted me to do an
accent I just I have to be in the spirit
of it but instead of listening to me do
how about listen and Tommy and talk to
Fletcher I'm very proud of that fight we
had in in Sunderland and I'm very I was
excited that I mean it's a sort of a
strange thing isn't it will crowdfund a
lawyer to help a guy who needs help and
that's what we did for Fletcher and he
was nervous about it is I meant I
remember I met his mum and his brother
and they're great folks but it's easy
for me to be brave when it's not my
livelihood on the line is easy or easy
for me to be brave about Sunderland when
I don't even live in the country let
alone the city it's tougher for his
family to be brave they there was a tab
we went to the family home when we sat
down there and we had to convince them
to fight and he's a fighter you know a
Fletcher means you know a lot of great
British names come from a job right I
mean Taylor is obviously you know Hooper
you know what a Hooper is someone who
makes hoops for barrels Cooper same
thing Baker right I mean it's a milliner
so many British last names are what that
person did as a job right or the Smith
being the most obvious one Smith it
comes from being a blacksmith you're a
fletcher is we don't use that word
anymore a flat
sure is someone who makes arrows for bow
and arrows so that is an interesting
John Fletcher there his ancestors made
arrows probably to fight for freedom you
know making arrows for the British King
to defend I don't know maybe against I
don't know if they were using arrows
still in the Battle of Trafalgar I think
they're more cannons and and things of
that sort but that man there John
Fletcher his great great great great
great great great great great grandpa
used arrows and bows to fight for
freedom
Fletcher maybe has a drop of that
fighting spirit in his blood do you
think he does I think so I think so I
like the look of him I like the cut of
his jib I liked his brother my man I
liked his mother who I met I think that
the British heritage and history is one
of fighting for freedom ask Churchill
ask Thatcher there were many dark hours
and that country rose to the occasion
would you not say that Tommy Robinson
and his real name is Stephen Yaxley
Lenin so I don't know what what the
etymology of Yaxley and Lenin are I just
don't know I know what Fletcher is
because it's interesting to me where
does Tommy get his courage from is it
did he inherit it I've never met Tommy's
ancestors and never ends mom or dad is
what I mean I don't know where does time
he gets courage from are there others
with this courage there are some but why
is it not more spread how is the same
britain who united under Churchill who
withstood the the battle for Britain and
the Blitz who was stood the v1 and then
the v2 rockets raining down on them how
is it that same Britain has lost its
courage not all of them but so many of
them how I like to have Fletcher all
right let's see some more comments Ben
SK says Ezra you need to give red pill
fill some coverage he is uncovering mass
child abuse on children in council care
it's very upsetting but needs expose
I know exactly who you mean by red pill
Phil can we can we call up just some
b-roll of red pill film I think I
remember the moment when red pill Phil
made his video debut it was in the
manchester united against terrorism I
wonder if we could even find that one
Hannah can you find the vid of Tommy's
rally in Manchester this would have been
a week or so after the bombing there so
this would have been April 2017 and a
black man or as he describes himself a
mixed-race man comes to see what all the
fuss is about and comes because Tommy
invited him to come so in fact I don't
know if this was on and I don't know if
it was a rebel video or someone else
videoed it oh yeah you see that there
that's red pill fielder can we have the
sound here can we put the sound up
hold on before the start
you can see
you know what you could find that video
online it was beautiful do you see what
was going on there you got red pill Phil
who's got a gorgeous how you know I grew
up in this country I can I'm not gonna
try that was a little bit Scottish that
was a little too scar you see what
happens you try and do a British accent
and there's like 20 of them and you fall
into the wrong one I love red pill
Phil's accent I would like to know is
that a Manchester accent is it I don't
know I just don't know my British
dialects well enough
gorgeous I'd you know once you get into
him you love them it's like discovering
the cheese's of France or the wines of
Italy I imagine you can become a
connoisseur so what's that and look at
that old phraseology
any I love red pill Phil that was the
first time I had ever seen him and you
see what was going on there regular guy
and boy calm cool as silk right low-key
guy comes to this rally and he
encounters who does he encounter some
social justice warriors all of them so
white they're pink that one lady there
with the speaking of pink I think she
had pink hair if I recall I mean they're
trying to tell him that Tommy's racist
and he said well you know actually
they're not and they've got a real point
Haylee up like that look at that the one
black guy auntie fucker if it was like a
blizzard in Antarctica any fuss so white
you got to put on sunglasses because the
the glare and Aoife so white Taylor
Swift says looks like she got a tan okay
I'm working on my hand if I saw white
jokes and they're not really good but
look at Redfield
he'll feel he's just given her and it's
and looking back gal there and these
Marxists and these anti foot types every
bloody one of them is a social justice
warrior and red pill fills just speaking
truth to power and he just and and
anyone that there and you know what
instead of scaring him or making him
bend the knee this is the moment I
believe I don't know red pill film but
I've observed him oh yeah
turn up the volume turn up the volume
here
so what do we see there they're having a
conversation there's no threat of
violence they're not even I don't even
think they were really swearing much or
not in an aggressive way they're not
even really shouting right and who's the
cop come to and say tone it down red
pill Phil not to the anti feh why did
the cop go to red pill Phil why why well
you know why you know why
all right let's go back I see some super
chats let me catch up
Nelson fall do you feel Doug's election
can be seen as a precursor to shears
rise in popularity and perhaps election
well I hope so let me outline the
similarities and difference we're
talking on the Ontario election so for
those who talk about Tommy Robinson
we're gonna cover him we're gonna have a
cameraman at the free Tommy rally
tomorrow he's not gonna be
live-streaming but I think we're gonna
try and pick up a live stream from
someone else who's there it's fun it's
showing these old videos his name Tommy
has 7 days to make his appeal I hope he
does if he doesn't do it in 7 days the
guys serving his term or at least a
significant percentage of it I think
that's wrong what he got to lose he
should appeal it's my view as to your
question do I feel Doug's election can
be seen as a precursor to shears rise in
popularity in perhaps election here's
the similarities both of them are
conservative both of them have a fairly
healthy base in terms of they have a
critical mass of MPs or NPP's
fundraising seems to work they have a
staff around them that is that it works
what are the differences
Andrew Shearer while he says he's
against the carbon tax has whipped his
MPs to support the key the Paris global
warming scheme that's weird
Andrew Shearer has shown timidity on key
issues such as immigration and open
borders which i think is one of the
leading issues in Canada today Andrew
Shearer bends the need to the meeting
you know what I mean by bend the knee he
submits to them to their peer pressure
that's a big difference between him and
Doug Ford Andrew Shearer flip-flops
we'll see if Doug Ford does he makes me
nervous a little bit but his press
conference this morning he was asked are
you going to repeal sex ed he said yes
going to talk to the cabinet we're going
to repeal it
I don't flip-flop okay in the treatment
in the media Doug Ford was a lot
Boulder he didn't have them tour with
him he didn't care he would put out
statements have his own sort of quasi
reporter he I'm not going to say he
deliberately fought with the media as
maybe Rob Ford his late brother did but
he did not give them an unearned respect
let alone obedience and I fear that
Andrew Shearer is obedient to the media
and will do and and say things that he
thinks the media party wants him to do
and say to make the pain stop
so he'll concede on ideological points
just to get through a tough interview
but he'll make commitments for example
he committed to meeting the Paris global
warming time it gets but he said he
won't bring in a carbon tax and he said
he'll have it fully detailed in time for
the election well I'm sorry you can't do
that you can't meet the global warming
targets of the UN you shouldn't want to
try because it's bizarre and that's
contrary to what China the United States
and our competitors are doing but to get
through a pickle of an interview for
five minutes to buy himself five minutes
of peace he's now committed to making
that a major part of the conservative
platform that's nuts so if he's gonna be
so easily whipped by the media I don't
think he's gonna have Doug Ford success
now I hope he wins because even though I
have quarrels with Andrew Shearer of
course she's better than Justin Trudeau
of course he is let alone jag meet Singh
the NDP but Doug Ford shows you can be a
little bit of a dissonance a little bit
of a contrarian a little bit independent
and defy the media party and win and win
handsomely you don't have to suck up
Ally Clark says red pill Phil does great
live streams of marches well maybe we'll
want to in bad rep red pill Phil's video
there was another journalist I had in
mind for embedding they're going to be
there anyways live streaming we can
embed this week where we are sending a
camera and we have some interviews lined
up but maybe he's the guy to do I like
red pill Phil a lot I like how he's come
to this thoughtfully and that an taifa
ambush they're actually activated him
okay let me catch up to some I said this
is free for all Fridays but we've been
showing quite a few videos for free for
all of Friday but they are based on your
questions
don't they tami Putin's an bonuses
Maxime Bernie should have asked for a
recount yeah yeah well Maxime Bernier
was strong in a number of ways and he
saw and and weird thinking about Andrew
series he's so beholden to the Quebec
dairy Lobby because that's really where
his votes put him over the top and so
he's you know Donald Trump is declaring
war on our dairy industry and Andrew
Shearer is no no no I like the two
hundred and seventy percent tariff on
American dairy so he'll flip-flop on
global warming he'll flip-flop on free
speech he'll flip-flop on a number of
things but boy he's beholden to his
Quebec dairy Lobby I think that's the
weirdest thing about Andrew Shearer miss
lil pig says Shearer needs more of a
backbone I think you're right
Tony naggy says liberals ruin everything
and then conservatives have to try and
fix the mess left behind yeah and you're
having to not just Germany conservative
Canadian granny look at UK Scotland
Wales on and on synth work says let's
rise up men oh there's a super chat
sorry I miss when I'm gonna go there
right now
Andrew seniors says hey Ezra have you
announced a new UK member of the rebel
team that you hinted at earlier this
week yes can we load up the video it's a
different style it's a little more
cultured a little more refined a little
less partisan a little let lets revved
up a little more philosophical let me
play for you do we have her her animated
stinger should we just that's not ready
yet we'll just let me show you an
excerpt from her first video
here's Martina Marco Todd just a punk
rebellion to normality it is a cult of
ugliness
the concept of beauty is transcendent it
exists beyond even our own human
awareness it takes many forms from
animal mating rituals which use color
and sound to attract mates to flowers
evolving into increasingly elaborate
shapes and colors to attract pollinating
insects Beauty exists in the perfect
hidden geometric proportions that
underlie the structures of all living
organisms the golden ratio that is the
blue alright that sounds a it sounds
philosophical but you know she really
said she looks as beauty in nature
flowers are beautiful animals are
beautiful beauty P like beautiful things
I was thinking about this the other day
when we were showing that super gross
spirit cooking stuff and I'm not going
to show that against you today because I
literally get a gag reflex the the
spirit cooking stuff oh if you if you
have a strong stomach you can Google
spirit cooking but if you don't even
just saying those words makes me alright
there are reasons the beauty matters and
there's reading the reasons of ugliness
manners and our belief in beauty and
ugliness as Martina points out so well
are not political choices they are
deeply rooted into our essence and I was
just remarking to my friend Justin here
after we did that spirit cooking video
the other day I said there's a reason
why we have that vomit reflex when we
see gross things it's an evolutionary
adaptation if you eat meat that's
infected with maggots you vomit it out
to stay healthy I'm sorry I'm getting
gross here but that it's not just the
physical expectoration expiration but
it's the psychological revulsion we
there's a reason we are repelled by
gross things it's not a choice it's not
Oh Society says maggots are gross but
they're actually really cool no they're
gross because they're gross and you're
reaction and your gag reflex is your
body's way Nature's Way of saying that
is dangerous so those who would say
there's no such thing as beauty and
there's no such thing as ugly and it's
all just a choice they're wrong and
that's a powerful argument that I that I
think Martina really made well they're
so Martina Marc Kota is I know you new
UK talent as you can tell she is an
American accent she is American but she
is transplanted in the UK and she'll be
doing videos for us every day so that's
the answers your question a super chat
let me see better leader Pere Polly EV
Candice Bergen well look you're talking
about the Canadian Conservative Party
again you can't beat somebody with
nobody another way of saying that is you
can have your dream candidate your
hypothetical candidate but the only
candidate matters is the one that runs I
like Pierre I think maybe one day he
will run for office he's ambitious he's
smart
I like Candice very much I don't sense
in her a drive to be leader if you do
not have the will to climb the greasy
pole you lack an essential element to be
a leader because if you don't have the
ambition to lead your own party then you
clearly and beat all comers and make the
case and fight that fight you surely
don't have what it takes to beat the
other parties and to lead the country as
opposed to your own party
so the essential test of a leader is to
show leadership not just a daydream
about it I think we might see Pierre
make a run for something one day
I really admire Candice Bergen I've
never seen any momentum in her to be a
leader
Maxine Bernier has that ambition I think
he has it still and if Andrew Shearer
was not successful in 2019 it would not
surprise me if Maxine Bernier takes
another run of things oh I see
Paul Starr mer he's a Mancunian you know
my my great grandmother was a Mancunian
so that's how I know what that word
means
someone from Manchester is a Mancunian
did you know that that's what we call a
demonym someone from Toronto is a
Torontonian someone from Calgary is a
Calgarian someone from Manchester is not
a Manchester drone Ian it's a Mancunian
and that's where red pill Phil is from
thank you for that mmm fast Hines 39
says Alice Wong as well not taking Shi T
from Husson all right I like Alice Wong
I like your spunk but to be candid I
don't think that she could be a leader
of the party let me a Special K is right
you need t-shirts with rebel media
fighting for freedom of speech yeah
you're right
El Chupacabra says Pierre is the man I
like parallel I've known him since we
were young
Rhaegar Targaryen I think that's a
that's a reference to of course Game of
Thrones so Rhaegar knows what I mean by
bend the knee he says it's amazing
because she used to be on Fox News not
exactly a left-wing outlet I don't know
who you're referring to miss mary says
anywhere but here Pierre is the only
sitting MP to get reelected that is a
feat in itself I don't quite think
that's true I think there were other MPs
who were reelected in Ontario if I could
know there were
Jim says I have a baboon the sooner we
realize that we are baboon like the
Sumer we humans can advance got to
disagree with you there my friend we are
although we may be physically have some
similarities to baboons what makes us
different is our spirit and our our
consciousness
Florence Southern says lunch in a video
with Ezra levan well that's that's one
way to spend your lunch hour yes Mike
max sense a former BBC contributor and
endorsed by Jesus Rick Turpin don't know
what that means max and you want a
British journalist hire Rick Turpin okay
now I understand so you're telling me
that I should look up Rick Turpin as a
possible rebel contributor
all right I'm gonna write down his name
and I'm gonna google him and I get to
see what he's about I do know that I
know enough about red pill field to know
I like him Marc funk says I wonder if
the paper shredders are running overtime
in Ontario right now who you bet they
are paper shredders and a lot of fancy
emailed the leaders now we know that the
former chief of staff to Dalton McGuinty
was actually convicted of a crime for
illegally deleting materials related to
a billion-dollar scandal I wonder if
that's enough of a deterrent for
Kathleen Wynne's people so they're not
deleting things for your say right now
or if they say well look damned if we do
damned if we don't if we don't delete
things we'll go to jail if we do delete
things we might go to jail so we better
delete things wouldn't surprise me
Canadian Conservative granny says how I
did win garner a four million dollar job
did you Ontarians no that was her yearly
salary no I don't know that's your her
yearly salary and I and I don't know
what you're referring to I I am
skeptical of what you say MB Pollock
high as far as I said earlier I made a
free Tommy bumper sticker here in the
state's my co-workers and peers were
astonished that this is occurring in
England of all places well yes as I've
said before the England that we grew up
in North America learning about
Churchill Shakespeare Queen Victoria
Battle of Trafalgar Sir Walter Raleigh
the British Empire England India the
crown jewel of the the Empire at
England's gone my friends since word
says Liverpudlian yeah that's another
one
yeah someone from Liverpool isn't a
Liverpool ster a Liverpudlian isn't that
a great word
Liverpudlian and the Mancunian what are
some more of those demonym from the UK
it's a Londoner right someone from
London is a Londoner and if you're from
Liverpool you're a Liverpudlian what are
some other towns I'd like to know I bet
there's some gorgeous ones I bet there's
some great wins as refers to regulars
after chat with British accent hosts
join in after the battleground I just
read one or two more cuz we only have 30
seconds left
Steve Rosen says Gretchen has no beauty
inside and outside is questionable I'm
not sure who you're talking about you
might be talking about the new boss of
the Miss America pageant who said she's
taking the beauty part out of the beauty
pageant I'm not sure how that'll work
all right folks well you know it's
almost 1 o'clock and thanks for joining
today I see there's 400 people watching
right now thank you I'm sorry we had a
bit of an internet buffering issue again
today we nailed it pretty quick this
time we have three systems and we switch
pretty quick thanks for watching thanks
to you who chipped in generously on the
super chat that goes to help pay our
bills here so I appreciate it next week
we'll have a lot to talk about I'm sure
I'll have plenty of videos to share with
you and we will know within seven days
if Trauma Robinson and his team choose
to appeal his sentence I'm not his boss
I'm not his family and I'm not him so I
do not have the authority to make that
decision for him but I hope they make
that decision I don't know why they
don't I don't know if they have anything
to lose I don't understand but I know
that we and countless others would
support him morally financially to help
pay the legal bills journalistically and
that's his choice to make
and we look forward to seeing that and
we'll support him the best we can we'll
talk about other things as we did today
the Ontario election and other things
that's it for me I have a show tonight
at 8 p.m. for those of you who want to
tune in until next time well I will have
some footage we'll have some coverage
from the rally in London tomorrow so
until next time on behalf of us here at
rebel world headquarters good bye and
keep fighting for freedom
you
