as you know the Liberals have really
lost the battle of ideas they don't have
anything that the American people are
buying anymore we've heard them out we
hear the free college the free this the
the Medicare for all and as we found out
this week Medicare is going broke by
2026 so nobody's buying what they're
selling it's like selling a ticket to
the Titanic at its last stop at a
cut-rate this guy so instead they in
order to win elections they have to try
and scare the hell out of people or make
them angry in order to motivate their
base and that's what they've done in the
era of Trump is keep people angry take
them to the streets every couple of
weeks have a protest over this the
women's March this the day without an
immigrant the March for science all of
this stuff that just keeps people angry
because as you know Kurt and I know you
when you get angry you stub your toe
yeah I know you stub your toe at night
walking through your living room on the
coffee table
you maybe curse if you have the remote
control in your pocket maybe you throw
the remote I personally have broken some
things that weren't working properly I'm
frustrated with it and my anger overrode
my logic I wouldn't have done those
things if I was thinking logically and
that's what the left is if that's what
their goal is keep people angry keep
people scared to stop people from
thinking rush rationally and logically
because you know in places like
Baltimore Detroit Chicago if you think
rationally you might go hey wait a
second we've had absolute democratic
control for generations and things not
only haven't gotten better they've
gotten considerably worse maybe maybe we
should try something different that is
the biggest fear of the Democrats is
that they're voting bases we'll start to
think rationally so they have to scare
people with things like it's open season
on black men police are just shooting
black men all of the things that you
hear on the news on a nightly basis
there's a Russian behind every bush look
out right there
exactly dosvedanya let's throw me a
vodka then I'm out of Russian but you're
so the important parts and vodka and uh
but that's it they don't have something
that they're trying to sell people
because if they actually ran on the few
things that they want to do
people would run from them in droves
they've been roundly rejected by the
American people socialism has failed
everywhere as we're seeing and as I've
written about on Town Hall recently and
you have to the idea of two sets of
rules one for everybody else and one for
liberals if you really look at that it
it is unsustainable social exactly
societies have two sets of rules there
Kim jong-un leads a country a nation of
people starving to death yet he's got a
damn gravitational pull he's so fat
you
