out of the 195 terror offense sentences
being served in the UK right now almost
a half of them will be spent by the end
of 2018 The Guardian has released an
analysis of the court proceedings
database from the Ministry of Justice
which shows that almost half of all
sentences being served in the UK for
terror terror offences and almost half
of them will have been spent by the end
of 2018 that means there's potentially
well not potentially there are over 80
people who are convicted for terror
offenses being released this year and
this graph is really interesting it
shows you visually how many are going to
be released and it looks like by 2024
Obert 2 will have been spent 2020 for
the the two that wouldn't have been
spent or where the two cases where the
length of sentence was not disclosed
terror offenses are not an easy thing to
come by and I might add that this
doesn't necessarily mean that all 80 of
these are Islamic terrorists there are
people in prison who've been sentenced
and convicted under the terror terrorism
offenses for non religious causes but
let's also be honest and say that we
know most people convicted for terrorism
tend to be from a certain religion or
ideology so this really interesting that
this comes from the Guardian and this is
a follow-up to the video I did the other
day about Anjem Choudary he's being
released as well this guy recruited
Osama bin Laden's supporters for
training in the UK supported Isis and
he's going to be freed in October I know
somebody who went to prison somebody who
went to prison for sending a joke email
java application to tell mama
he contacted them with something along
the lines of you know I think with my
knowledge of Islam I could bring some
real integrity to your organization in
which tell mum have followed up by
saying we have forwarded your response
to the Met and my friend responded with
well I'm glad you take the middle
transgender organization seriously but
what about the job stupid I know
childish I know where he went to prison
and there are people still rotting in
prison now for Islamophobia and all
sorts of nonsense hate crimes and hate
speech as I've said multiple times
before the Metropolitan Police focuses
way too much on hate speech meanwhile
we've got people convicted under
terrorism offenses being released in the
next few years this is what the Express
says fears over eighty fanatics set to
walk free from prison police are there
my five are braced for the release from
jail of scores of terrorists including
the cleric and come to turi sorry Alan
can Anjem Choudary by the end of the
year the notorious hate preacher will be
one of more than 80 convicted extremists
to walk free in 2018 security minister
ben wallace said that the upcoming surge
in the number of convicted terrorist
back on the streets is of concern yeah
no kidding it's of concern now Anjem
Choudary and other extremists had a
special jihadi jail built for them i
don't know if you knew about this
amazing so in the Daily Mail at reports
here Isis supporting hate preacher Hank
and Jim Chowdhury becomes first
extremist moved into new jail within a
jail and TG had a unit so Anjem Choudary
and always mates all these other
radicals and extremists are so dangerous
that they can't even be put in a normal
prison and yet they think that it's
suitable that these people come out and
live in polite society Oh was the common
sense in in prosecutions worse the
common sense in our legal system I
understand that we need fair rights and
equal rights and rights to a trial and
this that and the other but this is a
man who is encouraged support for Isis
whose followers have killed people and
yet we're releasing him out onto the
street the The Telegraph says Anjem
Choudary has reportedly become the first
known Islamist to be moved to a
separation Center at HMP Frankland in
County Durham the center's also known as
jihadi jails were proposed after a
review into prison extremism recommended
preachers and terrorists who tried to
convert or incite others should be kept
separate from mainstream prisoners how
is it that he's safe
enough to go out back into normal polite
decent society but he's not safe enough
to be in a regular prison with people
other people who have committed crimes
these guys are gonna be plotting what to
do next these guys are not gonna go home
after a regular working week do the
shopping in Tesco and occasionally go
and see a film at the cinema that's not
what's going to happen when these guys
get out of jail well as soon as they get
out of jail they're gonna be
reconnecting with the people they left
behind reconnecting with the people that
weren't caught and they're gonna be
talking about what to do next
why are we affording any kind of rights
frankly any kind of rights to men like
this men who want to kill us men who
want to subvert democracy and subvert
Western society and transform everything
we know destroy everything we know and
kill people we love why are we affording
any kinds of rights to these people and
there's one other thing here the Express
reports quote all prisoners except
lifers are automatically released after
completing half their time in custody
they spend the rest on license meaning
they can be put back behind bars if they
commit another sentence so I guess
really what they're saying is we've just
got to wait until Anjem Choudary and his
mates commit another crime we're just
gonna wait until I don't know they
inspire somebody else to go out and kill
people we're just gonna go and wait and
see what happens when the extremists get
back out on the streets and hope that if
they commit another crime then they'll
go back to prison
it took years for Anjem Choudary to be
arrested what makes us think that it's
going to happen again anytime soon
when we face the prospect of over 80
people leaving prison after being
convicted of terrorism offenses when we
face the prospects of people like Anjem
Choudary and his followers leaving
prison with it by the end of the year we
need to really think about what is fair
yes I know fair trials are important
people deserve a second chance after
they leave prison and they've served
their time but why are we giving second
chances to extremist Islamic hate
preachers who don't just go out and spew
hate who aren't just going out into the
street and saying mean things know what
they're actually doing is inspiring
their own people to go out and commit
terror and this is verifiably true it's
not like the claims by the left where
they say although the right or
encouraging people to go out and attack
people
that is verifiably untrue there's no
evidence of this but when there is
terror attack after terror attack after
terror attack and they all seem to be
connected to the same people who are
behind bars
Allah Anjem Choudary and his mates and
all the others who were coming out or
the more than 80 who are also coming out
from various different backgrounds when
we know that they're connected to these
people who are out committing terror we
know there is a link we know that these
people are inspiring people to kill us
and when they want to do that to good
decent innocent people living in a
Western democracy living in a liberal
free society if these people want to go
out and inspire people then they should
be locked up and left in prison for the
rest of their lives they should be made
an example of Anjem Choudary for
instance is said to have influenced
Koran but the leader of the gang who
plotted the London Bridge terror attack
one of his followers was Michael and a
Bellagio the the cover of Lee Rigby and
now there are 80 other extremists in the
same vein waiting to be released from
prison before the end of this year not
only are these people dangerous but the
presence of Islamic extremism has only
gotten worse in Britain over the years
since Anjem Choudary and others have
been in prison the counter-terror police
should be worried about this they should
be concerned about this and by god I
hope they've got the resources to keep
an eye on these people because if they
don't then 2019 is going to be a very
bloody year if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
