if you are in an industry or community
or profession and Kim Kardashian is
setting the example for you and setting
the gold standard for appropriate terms
of engagement you are not doing so hot
I'll rewind a little bit for those of
you who do not know what I'm talking
about about a month ago Kim Kardashian's
husband rapper Kanye West sent Hollywood
and the entire music industry into a
hysterical neurotic seizure when he
tweeted that he liked the way Candis
Owens thinks she's a conservative chick
and he was simply complimenting the fact
that she is independent minded and
thinks for herself he then proceeded to
go on a Twitter rant about how he loves
the president that they share dragon
energy and that people should think for
themselves oh my gosh the shock he then
committed the cardinal sin and stepped
out of his recording studio and was
photographed wearing a make America
great again hat his wife Kim Kardashian
was an outspoken supporter of Hillary
Clinton during her presidential campaign
now fast forward to last week when Kim
Kardashian went to the White House on
behalf of a woman great grandmother
Alice Marie Johnson who has been serving
a life sentence for a drug offense
Kardashian's hope was to convince the
President to grant a pardon for Alice
Johnson who Kardashian has been
advocating on behalf of for quite some
time the White House announced yesterday
that lo and behold they would in fact
commute Alice Johnson's sentence now
throughout the whole process of course
Hollywood has poked fun at Kim
Kardashian a woman who they normally
consider part of their peer group but
now because she went to the White House
she's now a joke to them it's actually
pretty funny what's funny about this is
that Kim Kardashian is setting the
standard for communication between
Hollywood and the White House never in
my wildest dreams would I have imagined
that Kim Kardashian would be the one to
do that over the last year numerous
celebrities have turned down appearances
to the White House many of them have
sought changes in certain areas of
concern in this country but none of them
are willing to actually sit down with
this administration to find a solution
how do you ever expect to find a common
from two different sides if you don't
actually meet with the other side after
the announcement of the commutation Kim
Kardashian tweeted this so grateful to a
trio Donald Trump Jared Kushner and to
everyone who has showed compassion and
contributed countless hours to this
important moment from his Alice Murray
Johnson her commutation is inspirational
and gives hope to so many others who are
also deserving of a second chance but
wait this woman is black and doesn't
Donald Trump hate black people I mean
that's the narrative right maybe he
doesn't maybe the fact that he's working
hard at making America great again for
all Americans including Alice Johnson
speaks to the fact that I don't know
maybe he's not racist
now Kardashian then tweeted the phone
call I just had with Alice will forever
be one of my best memories telling her
for the first time and hearing her
scream while crying together is a moment
I will never forget can take a freaking
victory lap I've poked a lot of fun at
you over the years you're all but you
just earned my respect you have the
courage to fly across the country to
enemy territory or what your friends
view as enemy territory and reach across
the aisle and sit across the table to
plead your case and that of Alice
Johnson with the President of the United
States congratulations you are
officially more mature reasonable and
effective than practically every other
person in Hollywood thanks for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE ofor word slash shows make sure
you are following us on Facebook and
Twitter and download our new app for the
rebel media on the app store that way
you will have instant and easy access to
all of our latest videos and your
favorite rebel shows thanks so much for
watching I'm Amanda head for the rebel
