74 years ago today Canadian soldiers
stormed the beaches of Normandy and push
back Nazi tyranny but today it feels
like they need to storm the aisles of
Canadian Tire because the Liberals just
won't procure them enough camping
equipment to help them do their jobs
effectively seventy-four years ago today
saw the start of Operation Overlord
that's better known as d-day was the
largest combined land sea and air borne
invasion in history 150,000 Allied
troops landed or parachuted into the
invasion zone with some 14,000 Canadians
targeting their assault at Juno Beach
the Canadian Navy contributed 110
warships and 10,000 sailors and the Air
Force contributed 15 fighter bomber
squadrons to the battle Canada along
with our allies went on to liberate a
continent and push back tyranny today is
a proud day for all of us but it's also
an embarrassing day in 2018 because we
just found out that our military is
sharing sleeping bags and backpacks
because they don't have enough of them
to go around
the Canadian Armed Forces is ordering
its members to return their rucksacks
and sleeping bag kits so that they can
be redeployed to get the equipment into
the hands of the people who need to use
it right now according to information
obtained by CTV News and I'll quote them
here for you directly a Canadian Forces
General Order or kin for Gen was sent to
all Armed Forces members on May 28th
commanding them to return the gear so
that the military can redistribute
material where it is needed most the
order will stand until there is no
longer a shortfall of equipment the
order encompasses two types of rucksacks
including one that was first issued in
1982 as well as a six piece sleeping bag
system even sleeping bag liners are
being recalled look I'm a fiscal
conservative and there are not a lot of
things that I want or trust the
government to spend my money on but
making sure that our soldiers have all
the equipment they need to defend
Canadian values both at home and abroad
is one of those things that I don't have
a
single problem throwing a heck of a pile
of money up I think it is disgusting
that our military is still using
rucksacks
first issued in 1982 why the hell are
our men and women in service using
backpacks that are older than many of
them are 35 or 36 year old backpacks
people other documents from the CTV late
last week also revealed that there is a
two to three billion dollar spending
shortfall in the Defense Department last
year so in fact the Liberals have
allocated all the money they just aren't
interested in making sure the job of
getting our men and women in uniform
that tools they need is ever getting
done so I thought I would take this
opportunity on today d-day to remind
everybody of all the things the Liberals
could find to spend your money on as
they tell our soldiers to recycle their
sleeping bags amongst themselves now
this one should still be on the top of
everybody's mind last month
the Liberals announced that they were
going to buy a pipeline that was built
you know during the Korean War to the
tune of 4.5 billion taxpayer dollars the
Liberals announced the purchase of the
existing trans mount in pipeline as a
means to alleviate environmental
opposition to the expansion project and
the total price tag for the project now
in the hands of the government could be
upwards of 15 billion dollars and back
in 2015 the Liberals announced that they
would be giving well over two and a half
billion taxpayer dollars to the
developing world to fight the deadly
effects of wait for it
climate change over two and a half
billion dollars the Liberals also
announced they would be handing over
nearly two-thirds of a billion dollars
for reproductive health services in the
developing world translation abortion
services in third world countries and
the money was given to Oxfam a charity
more recently known for sexually abusing
and sexually exploiting vulnerable women
the federal government is also throwing
money down the pit of illegal migration
into Canada handing out fifty million
dollars to Quebec Ontario and Manitoba
to help
for just some of the costs they have
incurred as a result of the influx of
asylum seekers illegally crossing the
border into Canada since Justin
Trudeau's famous welcome to Canada tweet
and that's really just a drop in the
bucket of the total cost of Justin
Trudeau's virtue signaling on that issue
and I think the most egregious example
of where the government is willing to
spend its money while it slaps veterans
faces is the ten point five million
dollar payout to convicted terrorist
murderer Omar Khadr no court ever ruled
that Qatar would be entitled to ten
point five million dollars this is just
what the Liberals decided to pay someone
who fought against Canada and our allies
with the Taliban and killed an army
medic named Christopher spear but really
did we ever really expect this Liberal
government to treat our veterans and
active service members with respect or
fairness the last time the Liberals were
in power they sent our soldiers to war
in the desert wearing green camouflage
they were wandering around Kandahar
looking like a bunch of spruce trees so
yeah of course the liberals don't care
if our soldiers don't have enough
sleeping bags and would we have expected
any better from a prime minister who
said this to an injured Canadian veteran
here my question is what veterans were
you talk about was the ones that fought
for the freedoms and values that you so
proudly boast about or was that the ones
who fought against because honestly mr.
prime minister I was prepared to be
injured in the line of duty when I went
to when I joined the military nobody
forced me to join the military I was
prepared to be killed in action what I
wasn't prepared for mr. prime minister
is Canada how turning its back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you sir
thank you for your passion and your
strength and being here today to share
this justifiable frustration and anger
with me and with all of us here thank
you for having the courage to stand here
and thank you for listening to my answer
on a couple of elements you brought up
first of all why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now not only is
this Liberal government completely
unwilling to support our veterans
despite Trudeau's promises to no longer
fight them in court anymore over their
pensions but the Liberals refuse to give
our soldiers the tools they need to do
their jobs
when we ask them to the Liberals have a
war on our warriors for the rebel media
I'm Shiela gun Reid I've got a brand new
book out called the case against David
Suzuki the unauthorized biography my
book details the hypocrisy of a man who
is treated like some sort of climate
Oracle by Canada's state broadcaster the
CBC and I've made the book available for
free go to Suzuki book comm where you
can download your free digital copy and
if you want to pitch in to cover the
cost of producing the book you can do
that too at Suzuki book.com
