David Suzuki has spent his entire life
scolding me for heating my home driving
my truck taking the odd plane trip
having kids and worst of all having
friends and family who work in the oil
patch so that the rest of Canada can
heat their homes drive their cars and
take the odd family vacation and Suzuki
has been given a generous platform by
Canada's state broadcaster the CBC from
which to lecture us on our lifestyles
he's been presented as an expert in a
profit for years and years but what
really gets me about David Suzuki is
that all of his scolding and rules well
they just don't apply to him Suzuki has
five kids himself he's got four homes
here in Canada and another one all the
way in Australia that's a pretty long
plane ride by the way and I don't really
know what kind of car David Suzuki
drives but I do know that most of his
paid speeches and meetings are at least
one plane ride away and despite all of
his hypocrisy and I really just skimmed
the surface here the University of
Alberta is giving David Suzuki an
honorary degree I kid you not an
honorary degree so why does any of this
matter because David Suzuki hates
Alberta he's made quite a career for
himself out of hating us it's what got
him those five comfortable houses spread
out across the globe and David Suzuki
hates the oil sands industry that has
offices in Edmonton the very same city
as the University of Alberta
just listen to what Suzuki told Evan
Solomon back in 2015 it sounds very much
to me like the southern states argued in
the 19th century that to eliminate
slavery would destroy their economy it
did it transformed their economy but
they took a big hit but who would say
today that the economy should have come
before slavery I mean but you're a quoit
and you're equating the oil industry to
slavery there and they might take real
offense to that well it is the same
thing they're destroying the very Atlas
fear that we depend on and this they're
telling us their existence or their
activity shouldn't come under scrutiny
and be impacted when their activity is
creating the problem I keep telling the
fossil fuel industry whoever will listen
to me which isn't many you're an energy
industry you're not an oil industry
you're an energy industry now surely to
God there's enough imagination to find
other ways of extracting that energy
starting with the Sun and wind and going
to geothermal and tidal and there are
huge numbers of other possibilities so
this guy who hates us so much is now
getting an honorary degree from the
University of Alberta do they even know
who he is does the rest of Alberta or
even Canada know exactly who the real
David Suzuki is I'm guessing no and I
think people would be shocked to find
out what he's really all about so I'm
putting it all down in a book out today
called the case against David Suzuki the
unauthorized biography you can get it
all right now by going to Suzuki
book.com and you can get it for free as
a digital download by signing up with
your email address and if you want to
help pitch in to cover the cost of
producing this book and making sure we
ran it past our lawyers first you can
donate again at Suzuki book.com it's
time to let the whole world know who the
real David Suzuki is to get your free
digital download of my new book the case
against David Suzuki the unauthorized
biography go to Suzuki book accom and
while you're there if you want to help
pitch in to cover the cost of creating
this book for you you can donate on that
same website
Suzuki book calm it's time to tell the
whole world exactly who David Suzuki is
