medium Michael McIntyre has just felt
the burn of multicultural London being
mugged outside of his kids school yep
that's right
comedian Michael McIntyre you know the
guy with the bobbly head and the big
hair yeah he's been mugged outside of
his kids school in Golders Green Michael
McIntyre he was mugged by moped thieves
which is the the big trend these days
I've reported on this a few times about
the moped crime in London mopeds are
nicked from outskirts of London like in
Barking and Dagenham then the mopeds are
used by criminals in the centre of
London they whiz past people's take
phones all that kind of stuff a friend
of mine actually was robbed by people on
a moped they stole his phone as he was
standing on the street just texting they
stole his phone as they whizzed past and
grabbed it and I'm sorry mate I've got a
I've got to put this in my video because
I thought his response was her arias he
followed up by chasing them down the
street saying please come back would ya
I'm sorry wait I had to see you to say
that but it's so it's a really serious
crime though and it's it's happening way
more often and where this happened to
Michael McIntyre he was actually in
Golders Green so he was waiting outside
of his kids school for them to leave
school
he was waiting in the car and moped
thieves came past they smashed his car
windows with a hammer
they took his watch and then they sped
off and that was that and you know it's
a Golders Green for that's happening
called a screen funnily enough when when
I was looking to move to London recently
I moved down south or north and I was
looking around London I thought maybe
Golders Green might be a place I'm
always accused of being Jewish so why
not and I also thought a Jewish area
would be and no much safer cleaner nicer
generally they love all the other
ghettos in London and no apparently not
the it seems that a lot of this stuff
usually happens around the Hampstead
area but it seems to be growing in
towards Golders Green I mean this stuff
happens everywhere nowadays
a guy got killed and stabbed in
Kensington the other day you don't get
much posture than that but in terms of
golda's green there's a few articles
here that I just thought I'd take a
quick look at to prove the point that
gold is green even one of these sort of
more peaceful Jewish areas is suffering
as well there's an article here in the
Sun cash-grab security guard stabbed as
moped thugs robbed cash delivery at
Golders Green Sainsbury's in North
London another one from the mirror man
arrested after mum and her daughter
stabbed to death in devastating attack
in their home horrible another one Hamm
high code at UK Hammond high never heard
of this thing jail for hammer attack and
moped gang who targeted Hampstead and
this story's in many of the attacks the
trio pounced on terrified victims in
their own driveways and threatened them
with hammers a taser gun and knives they
shattered the car windows before forcing
them to hand over valuables such as
designer watches jewelry cash and mobile
phones worth thousands of pounds the 12
robberies took place in Hampstead
Hampstead Garden Suburb Golders Green
and sin Jones would nose in 2014 another
one here again from the same website
gang members from Highgate Maas well
Hill and Golders Green jailed for cash
in transit van raids and another one
here from the standard gotcha moment
police seized by traders in street after
gem theft
attempt this is the dramatic moment
police foiled the latest smash-and-grab
motorbike raid on a London jewellers and
again this was in Golders Green what is
happening to beautiful London the Big
Smoke you know I remember as a kid I
didn't go to London until very very late
I would think it was about 16 17 when I
first went and I always had this vision
in my head of what it was I was very
lucky to grow up in a very English town
I always had this bit this great vision
of London being this wonderful place its
met metropolis but this uniquely British
at the same time and it's just not the
case anymore
I don't like going into London anymore
because of this what British people
shouldn't feel like this I didn't move
into central London because of this I
mean the house prices are a factor as
well they offer everybody
didn't fancy living in the broom
cupboard I'll say that but I didn't want
to move there because I didn't want to
get stabbed I don't want to live there
I'd certainly don't want to go in there
any more than I need to because I don't
want this to happen to me I don't need
to happen to the people that I'm with
you know it's it's a really terrible
thing to see this happen to your own
country's capital city and Michael's
wife kitty McIntyre said there was no
concern for her family's safety this is
the insanity of Londoners today they see
this brutality all around them and they
keep their kids there and they stay and
they say no it's fine it's fine I've
seen those safety concerns here now I
don't know who committed this crime but
it's unquestionably true that this crime
is happening in the more diverse areas
of London in the multicultural success
stories of London and by that I mean
ghettos where people are living in these
like depressing concrete slums the
selling drugs instead of working and
raising families they're stealing phones
are mopeds just to get by it's a sad
truth this is all the more common and
it's always in these multicultural
depressing concrete slums in 2012 mopeds
were used in criminal activity 827 times
last year just last year there was a
reported 23,000 cases of crimes being
committed with mopeds is this not an
epidemic is this not an epidemic is this
not a huge failure of our politicians
it's not this not a huge value of the
people that are meant to ensure that
London is a safe place to live is it's
not a failure of the people who are
meant to ensure that London is not only
a safe and functional sort of city but
they should be providing the very basics
that people need to survive and not just
to survive but to thrive when London
seems to be far more focused on
international business big business
sorry I know it sound like a socialist
here but it the the people of London
should always be considered and what I
see in the turn especially in policing
is that the people are being ignored
they blame it all on the Tory cuts they
blame it all on the Tories and I know
that's a factor but when we see police
officers walking around in high heels
for publicity stunts when we see 900
specialists hate crime officers working
for the Metropolitan Police you have to
wonder are the people of London the
little people of London actually
important to our political leaders do
our political leaders really care or are
they just happy being wined and dined
and smoothed by big business leaders and
developers and property developers in
particular I mean obviously we know what
the truth is here but it's interesting
here as well the data that was obtained
by the BBC found that over 40% of all
moped crimes happened in Islington and
Camden and this just supports my point
about this happening in the more diverse
areas of the country in 2015 young white
people in Camden made up 43% of the
population making this an extremely
multicultural area especially by young
people who are the ones committing
crimes and then in Islington in 2011 and
this is data 7 years old now it's almost
a decade old the new census will be
coming out in just a few years residents
that identified as white British so
native British people fell from 57% in
2001 to 48% in 2011 7 years ago so
imagine what that is now these are two
really diverse multicultural success
story parts of London and 40% of the
moped crime is happening here it's also
a factor I'm sure that there's a lot of
people walking around these areas but is
that not true all over London
here's the thing I know it's offensive
to say these things now I know it's
easily misconstrued people can easily
turn around what I'm saying here and say
he's a racist he thinks these areas are
committing more crime because there's
fewer white people but what I'm saying
is the facts show there's a trend here
I'm not saying people are inherently
more right likely to commit crime
because of their race that's not what
I'm saying what I'm saying is when
people become so divided through mass
immigration when areas become completely
transformed when people get a wise and
segregate we get these concrete slums
filthy places where people have no pride
in the area there's no development in
the area
thing is looked after by the local
council the buildings are hideous people
have no pride not only do they have no
pride but they're taught that the native
people of London hate them what you
think happens when you're taught that
the native people of the country you
live in hate you what do you think
happens of course you're not going to be
wanting to succeed because you're gonna
think everyone's working against you so
you go out and shoot someone instead you
go out and rob someone on a moped you go
out and rob Michael McIntyre for God's
sake this is what's happening to this
country Michael McIntyre was just robbed
his window was smashed by a moped gang
as he waited outside of his kids school
in Golders Green this is happening all
over London thousands tens of thousands
of the cases of moped crime are being
committed every year in London now and
I'm sorry to say it's happening in the
most diverse areas of the city this is a
trend it's something we have to
acknowledge I'm sorry if people think it
makes me racist but let's look at the
facts let's consider the fact that when
people are stuck in concrete slums and
told that white people hate them of
course they're going to go out and
commit crime because they're never going
to want to succeed because they think
they can't succeed if we're ever going
to improve this situation in London not
only do we need to be tough on policing
not only do we need to really crack down
on this crime we need to give people
something to live for
let's get them outside out of the
concrete slums let's stop building
houses that make you feel like you're in
communist Russia
let's have councils that actually focus
on the interests of the little people
and less so on being wined and dined and
smoothed by big business it's important
to look after the little people it's
important to consider quality of life
only when we create a place in London
only when we create a whole city of
London where people have something to
live for where there's no segregation
where people stop getting and people are
not taught that white people hate them
only then might we see a reduction in
crime if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe or
download the rebel at from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
