the saga of the gay wedding cake is
finally coming to a close so let's get
into why this is a very simple ruling
but makes a big statement I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood first of it's
completely illegal to deny anyone
service based on their race their
religion or their gender and I
completely condemn stand against anyone
that does that and I'm glad that's the
law because I would hate for someone
who's gay to walk into a restaurant be
turned away for just being gay just like
me as a Christian being turned away from
being a Christian that's why we have
these laws and that's what we have these
freedoms but that's not what's going on
here in case you haven't heard let's get
into it
in 2012 a gay couple went to masterpiece
cake shop to get a custom wedding cake
for their gay wedding the owner of the
cake shop said he could make a custom
birthday cake but he could not make a
custom wedding cake because of his
religion and it's important to note that
he is a Christian and in August 2015 the
Colorado Court of Appeals ruled that
Phillips the owner of the cake shop
could not cite his religious beliefs in
his refusal to provide a service to
same-sex couples
with the ruling Phillips could face a
penalty if he continues to now wedding
cakes to same-sex couples now fast
forward 2018 the Supreme Court has ruled
quote the law and constitution can and
in some instances must protect gay
persons and gay couples in the exercise
of their civil rights but religious and
philosophical objections to gay marriage
are protected views and in some
instances protected forms of expression
and keep in mind the reason why this is
good and good for everyone is this is
not just for people that are religious I
do not have to force your business to
take part in my religion either so if
you're an atheist you don't want to make
a custom Jesus cake from my baptism you
don't have to that's freedom do you get
it do you get how that works now let's
get to the first insane argument that's
always thrown out this is an
infringement on civil rights no it's not
for example if a black person walks into
your place of business and you refuse to
sell him a necklace just because he's
black that's illegal that's wrong but if
he asks you to make a custom necklace
saying F the police he does not have the
right to force you to partake or make
something against which you believe in
he does not have the right to your
custom service people forget that the
bakeshop was perfectly willing to sell
any pre-made cakes but not when they
would specifically have to make and
cater for you see the difference there
the next thing I hear a CDS Christian
conservative extremist they're just
menace well what if the Baker would say
Muslim is that a problem for these
virtuous activists as shown in Stephen
Crowder's undercover video almost no
Muslim bakers are willing to bake any
type of gay wedding cake and have our
hands may be holding
No and given that being gay is
punishable by death in many Muslim
countries including Saudi Arabia Yemen
Iran and is illegal in Syria then I
guess this behavior by the Muslim bakers
it's just all part of the plan but you
find one Christian Baker in Colorado and
everyone loses their minds the reason
this story got so much coverage from the
left and had legs and even had to go to
the Supreme Court is because it was
being used as a political club and a
weapon that's it if they really cared
about this issue as you can see from the
video there are dozens of people they
could take to court the next argument is
all this is just so wrong these people
never should even go into businesses
they're gonna behave like that and my
answer that is fine that's great you
think that but you don't get to impose
your subjective morals as law on other
people if you don't think you behave
like I do then you shouldn't be allowed
to make a living this is really just an
insane tyrannical line of reasoning
unless you're on the left but let me ask
you this what if you have to follow my
subjective moral views in order to make
a living well you're just a backwards
bigoted if you think that way but that's
what's so great about American it's
freedoms you don't have to care what I
think you can do you and I can do me
that's why because of the Constitution
this was such a simple ruling but the
bottom line and the big issue is this
tyranny always comes in the form of
safety fairness and government
omnipotence curbing freedom for the sake
of subjective morals only empowers the
current tyrant and instead of
individuals making their own choices
than suffering the consequences
Orwellian bureaucrats under the right of
law can enforce righteous judgement on
you then this may give you a moment of
monetary virtuous euphoria that is until
the tide shift and someone takes the
reins of power that you've given them
that don't believe the same things you
do no matter how tempting it sounds we
must always lean towards individual
freedom the Constitution is a document
not a person for a reason that all
politicians must kneel to to ensure that
we don't have to kneel to them Benjamin
Franklin said those who would give up
Essential Liberty to purchase a little
temporary safety deserve neither liberty
nor safety I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood and another fantastic news you
can now download the rebel up and take
me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content in the entire rebel
lineup
you
