a Toronto man who claims have committed
all sorts of atrocities for Isis while
in Syria during the past four years
wants to come home but how is it even
remotely possible that this thug might
skate if he's repatriated to Canada
two words Justin Trudeau meet Muhammad
Ali no not the former world heavyweight
boxing champ rather the current world
class terrorist chump Ali left Toronto
some four years ago to join up with Isis
he has bragged on social media how he
loves to play soccer especially if the
soccer ball is the decapitated head of
an infidel he openly cheered the death
of Nathan Cirillo who was massacred by
an Islamist in Ottawa 2014 and he has
recruited others to join the death cult
as well but according to Global News Ali
was captured by Kurdish LED forces a few
months ago and the Kurdish authorities
want to return Ali to Canada along with
about a dozen or so other Canadian Isis
fighters plus their wives and children
of course all of whom are languishing in
custody and are evidently getting really
really bored so suddenly Canada is
looking like a really swell place to
live after all it should be noted that
mrs. Ali presumably suffering from
buyer's remorse is very much pining to
return back to Canada check out what
cousin it or I mean mrs. Ali had to say
in an interview with global I know what
this going it's gonna get more cold and
I rehab like very severe as is my kids
are gonna get more snake that's enough
something like I winter is indeed coming
Jon Snow methinks she'd better shop for
a fur-lined burka honey in the meantime
here's my response to that oscar-winning
performance yet folks this is the
world's smallest violin
a little ballad as for the kids they are
indeed innocent by standards in this
mess being raised by a pair of monster
so bring them back to Canada and place
them in a foster home
hey anything is better than being
brought up by those two creeps but what
is really troubling is this the RCMP is
reportedly struggling with what sort of
criminal charges if any can be laid
against Canada's version of jihadi Jack
um attention Dudley do-right ever heard
of this thing called sedition or treason
until recently we did have a tailor-made
solution for garbage like alley
you see he's originally from that
paragon of peace prosperity and
democracy known as Pakistan and under
the Harper Conservatives are meant a law
was put in place in which a dual citizen
Canadian who committed an act of treason
or terrorism could have their Canadian
citizenship revoked but that law was
amended when the Trudeau Liberals got in
because according to Justin Canadian is
a Canadian sorry Justin at the risk of
coming across as an Islamophobe I think
a more appropriate statement is a
terrorist is a terrorist is a terrorist
but that's the thing Justin can't even
call these people terrorists can't even
call the militants he's referred to
Canadians who go abroad to commit terror
as quote foreign travelers end quote
yeah foreign travelers hey Ceja med how
was your little holiday oh it was great
we toured the countryside but some
delightful handcrafted souvenirs even
managed to slaughter a few non-believers
care to have some choices when it comes
to Ali and his odious ilk we either let
these sewer rats rot abroad or we have
our Special Forces kill them while
they're abroad just as France does or if
we have to take them back we ensure they
rot behind prison bars in Canada do not
pass go do not collect 10.5 million
dollars do not go to a native healing
lodge and
if we can't do any of that then our laws
pertaining to terrorism are worse than
useless because giving the kid-glove
treatment to ally and company is only
going to further embolden future
homegrown G Hattie's as well as our
mortal enemies abroad not that jihadi
Justin seems to give a rodents rectum
for the rebel media I'm David the men's
Wade Menzies hey folks the Breville has
a new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
