an NDP candidate in Ontario is having an
ideological love affair with the
bankrupt socialist tyranny of Venezuela
you know there will never be enough
human suffering for the NDP to renounce
their failed socialist fantasies the
Ontario NDP candidate for Ottawa Centre
Joel harden has got it bad real bad for
maniacal deceased dictator Hugo Chavez
according to mark Vaughn across key of
the Toronto Sun harden wrote a 469 page
doctoral thesis that celebrated
Venezuelan socialism and the Bolivarian
revolution harden wrote and I quote the
example of Venezuela it is argued
exemplifies the participatory radicalism
and the new solidarities crucial to
developing activist policies in the 21st
century
you'd have to be certifiable to think
that there's anything good coming out of
Venezuela right now or to think that
what has happened to the people there is
some sort of template that should be
patched over and replicated in
successful Western countries like Canada
but that hasn't stopped far left-wing
socialists embedded in the new Democrat
Party from looking at Venezuela as some
sort of socialist utopia I mean who
could forget out here in Alberta when
one of raychel not least perpetual
backbenchers named rod Loyola did some
sort of spoken word rap thingamajigger
to honor Hugo Chavez just listened about
to hit the mic quiet subversively coming
at you with ingenuity breaking down
indoctrination of capitalist
commodification that's taking over your
mind
attacking you all the towns who daily
media blips like drive-by hits the clip
just hit the ground we've been broken
and bound tied up behind enemy lines it
costs reading confine to break free we
need to have an urban guerrilla
mentality observe your enemy and allow
strengths to weaknesses used to see you
the same ammunition oh man I forgot my
lines
Loyola was even featured in the
marxist-leninist daily magazine as being
the organizer of a memorial for Hugo
Chavez after he died and then there was
that time that long time NDP activist
and infrequent NDP politician Linda
mcquaig went all the way to Venezuela to
express her adoration for Hugo Chavez
firsthand and longtime
NDP booster and leap manifesto signatory
Naomi Klein upon Hugo Chavez death
tweeted this yes the Venezuelan
president could be a strong man but he
leaves behind what might be called the
most democratic country in the Western
Hemisphere what way better than Canada
you think except for that time an
organization called transparency
international listed Venezuela as the
only country in the Americas among the
world's top 10 most corrupt governments
I said you'd have to be crazy to
celebrate Venezuela because to celebrate
Venezuela means you were celebrating the
suffering of the Venezuelan people at
the hands of their leaders who were
responsible for the socialist revolution
their Venezuela is an oil-rich country
it's got the world's largest oil
reserves and yet they cannot even feed
their populace nearly 73% of Venezuelans
last year reported that they had lost
weight due to starvation dropping on
average 19 pounds each and that was just
from the normal folks the average weight
loss was even higher among those living
in extreme poverty Venezuela is also a
country where people routinely die from
illnesses we wouldn't even bat an eye at
here as the country's economy fails
Venezuela is now running short on 85% of
medicines including life-saving
antibiotics meaning a child's scraped
knee can devolve into a life-or-death
medical crisis and Venezuela is also a
place where because of hyperinflation
created by government mismanagement of
their awful centrally planned economy a
dozen eggs can cost someone 150 bucks
and the NDP's love of Marxist
policies and Marxist tyrants doesn't end
with Venezuela although Venezuela seems
to be getting all the love these days
premier Rachel Notley in Alberta herself
wears a wristwatch
with Cuban Marxist mercenary Che Guevara
face on it in the Alberta Legislature of
all places Che Guevara is notorious for
killing gays and priests and thousands
of other people who opposed his Marxist
revolution or he just didn't like and he
killed him in firing squads without the
precept of due process
loving murderous dictators is a feature
of the NDP and not a bug they love their
murderous communist ideology even when
the people who are forced to live in
their so-called socialist paradise of
Venezuela are literally starving to
death and dying of scratches for these
radical NDP Marxists human suffering is
a means to an end just part of the
process of creating their great society
so excuse me when I don't believe it
when I hear a Venezuelan loving NDP er
say they are going to protect health
care because we can see what that really
means in practice in Venezuela right now
those who will and have being the ones
suffering the most are the ones the NDP
claim to care about the most the poor
the hungry and the sick for the rabble
media
I'm Sheila Gunn read what you just saw
there is my daily video here at the
rebel but did you know that I have my
own weekly full-length show it's aptly
called the gun show it airs on Wednesday
and I have interviews with interesting
newsmakers that the mainstream media
either ignores or maligns to get access
to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
