yeah it is primary day here in
California and I think seven or eight
other states but you need to keep your
eye on California and do not move your
eye off of California and I'm going to
tell you why in the midterms following a
presidential election to end party
typically loses seats now where the end
party so we could lose seats but
Democrats need to pick up 23 seats ten
of which they are hoping to extract from
California now I am optimistic because
we got a lot of problems here in
California I know that sounds strange
but these problems stem from democratic
policy and a lot of people are starting
to recognize that now as the esteemed
poetic lyricist sir Axl Rose once once
wrote welcome to the jungle
it gets worse here every day and indeed
it does get worse here every single day
we are ranked 50th out of all 50 states
for quality of life now quality of life
ratio takes into account things like air
quality strength of community mean
income which in California you everyone
knows we are in a housing crisis and
economic crisis the the economic divide
between the lower class and the upper
class
is just completely vast also we are on
the brink of a public health crisis with
the copious amounts of litter and feces
to use a scientific term instead of the
term that I want to use because of those
things we are on the brink of a
hepatitis A epidemic in 2018 in first
world America yep that's happening also
let's see we've got a 50 cent gas tax
per gallon we have one of the highest
individual income rates in the country
at 13.3% here in LA County we have
almost a 10% sales tax
speaking of LA County 9,000 new homeless
people since last year so California is
not doing too well under Democrat
leadership also key-in Axl Rose's lyrics
welcome to the jungle California is a
jungle primary meaning that the top two
candidates from the from the primaries
advances to the general election
regardless of party
that matter if it's two Republicans two
Democrats one and one doesn't matter
those two proceed to the general
election because of what Democrats view
as vulnerable seats there has been a
huge slew of Democrats running for these
seats which dilutes the votes among the
Democrats now we've got some some key
districts to look at district 39 Edie
Royce is retiring now this is going to
be a pivotal district because you've got
seven Republicans and six Democrats so
votes are gonna be diluted both ways
district 48 is Dana Rohrabacher seat and
Republicans are kind of trying to push
him out of the way because he's not
retiring but he said some pretty wacky
things lately so you've got him running
against four Democrats
and six excuse me four Republicans and
six Democrats district 49 that's Darrell
Isis seat he's retiring you've got eight
Republicans running against four
Democrats so those are gonna be three
seats to look at now here's the thing
almost all I think almost all but two so
we've got fourteen seats they're
currently held by Republicans right now
I just talked about those three for 239
and 48 and 49 all of the others except
for to have this ratio that I'm talking
about as far as many Democrats running
against one Republican that's going to
be really really good for us and I'm not
talking about just like a slim margin
for Democrats of one Republican for
Democrats one Republican six Democrats
one Republican six Democrats two
Republicans so in a lot of these
districts you've got that vote that is
going to be spread very very thin among
Democrats now those three districts that
I was talking about these are Orange
County districts which is strange
because Orange County used to be solidly
red but in 2016 all three of those
districts went for Hillary Clinton not
kidding so let's get down to specifics
in district let's see district 48 Scott
Bhau is battling Dana Rohrabacher now
this could be the exception to the
incumbency advantage here in California
I think for the last six decades or so
the incumbency advantage has held true
like 90 percent of the time this could
be the exception because Scott Bao he's
new he's fresh he's energetic and I
think a lot of people in the Republican
we are ready for some fresh blood
district 49 that sterile Isis seat
so darrell Issa obviously is retiring my
pick to replace him is Dianne herky
darrell Issa has endorsed her as well
now her district covers parts of Orange
County and parts of San Diego
now both GOP in San Diego and Orange
County have endorsed her she's a fiscal
and social conservative she was Dana
Point City Council I think she was also
Dana Point mayor at some point and then
district 39 Edie Royce he's retiring
Shawn Nelson is my pick he is former OC
Board of Supervisors he he stands for
secure border ending sanctuary cities
maximum funding for military ending
veteran homelessness he he introduced a
project called I think Village for
veterans or veteran
that helps to to give veterans into into
housing
now turnout is actually in favor of GOP
early and absentee voting for
Republicans has been very strong
Democrat and there early and absentee
voting has been weaker Hispanics have
really been depressed in this in this
turnout so that doesn't bode well for
Democrats trying to win in these swing
seats also keep an eye on these three
metrics number one Trump's approval
rating number two the generic ballot and
number three the percentage of Americans
who think that the country is going in
the right direction
all of those are trending upwards that's
not necessarily a compliment to the
president although inadvertently it is
that is just in terms of the statistical
impact on the general election and
November also according to Real Clear
Politics the beginning of the year
Democrats had a 13-point advantage that
has now been diminished to three points
here in California that is definitely
definitely going to make a difference
now this is what I'm talking about as
far as what we will know tomorrow and
how it will amazingly impact November I
hope it's amazingly since it's a jungle
primary the top two candidates proceed
to the general election we might know
today
what those house seats are gonna look
like what those sisters look like Oh
remember I said that Democrats really
ideally need to pick up ten seats in
California if in those districts where
you have a lot of Democrats running
against one or two Republicans if the
dilute is voted to the degree among
those Democrats that none of them are
able to pick up a majority it will be
two Republicans going into the general
election and therefore it doesn't matter
who wins a Republican will keep the seat
this is why I'm telling you guys today
is such a huge and pivotal day for us
and you have to keep your eye on
California because what happens today in
California it's gonna be I mean if we
can deprive Democrats of those ten seats
they're not going to have enough seats
to pick up the majority in the fall oh
my gosh that would be so amazing and I'm
I haven't slept for three days I'm I
can't I can't I can't I'm gonna sleep
tonight hopefully I'm gonna have a good
sleep and I'm gonna be happy when I go
to bed but we'll see everybody thanks so
much for watching I'm Amanda head for
the rebel if you enjoyed my commentary
and want to hear more from all of us
here at the rebels subscribe to our
premium content at www.andyjenkins.com
