typically anti-white bias in academia
has at least a little bit of subtlety
usually you just get a letter denying
your admission to a college because
there were a lot of qualified candidates
with qualifications like being black
Hispanic etc or if you get into college
some of your fellow students won't be
content with removing just half of the
white authors from a course know they'll
want the rest gone but very rarely does
a professor outright admit they hate
white people but wait until you see this
let me introduce you to Rutgers
University history professor James
Livingston who recently launched into a
rant against white children in which he
essentially advocated for apartheid okay
officially I now hate white people said
the professor I am a white people who's
not an English professor clearly for
God's sake but can we keep them us us
out of my neighborhood well there is a
thing called self deporting if you're
interested James
unless you're all talk like those
celebrities who tweeted that they would
move if Trump won I just went to Harlem
shake on 124 in Lenox for a classic
burger to go that would be my dinner and
the place is overrun with little
Caucasian assholes who know their
parents will approve of anything they do
that's right those whites just lack all
sense of morality don't they James slide
around the floor you little shithead
sing loudly you moron do what you want
nobody here is gonna restrict your right
to be white James James I know that when
you practice the progressive theory of
intersectionality
which looks at a pressure in the cross
race gender all sorts of identities it's
sometimes hard to tell the difference
between those different identities but
are you sure that when you say the kids
are acting white you don't mean they're
acting like kids the next morning the
professor said that Facebook had written
him about of the post because it
apparently violated the CITES hate
speech policy so here the company
deleted it but he had to take the
opportunity to clarify his views I just
don't want little Caucasians over
running my life as they did last night
please God remand them to
the suburbs where they and their parents
can colonize every restaurant all the
while pretending that the idiotic
indulgence of their privilege signifies
cosmopolitan you know as in
sophisticated European commitments
imagine being so entrenched in your
vicious ideology that you can't even
escape it for a burger I hereby resign
from my race
if these people yeah I know it's about
access to my dinner Fu - well I think I
speak for everyone when I say thank you
James
I accept your resignation for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shamrock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
