he pulled America out of the UN global
warming agreement and nothing happened
the earth didn't the sky didn't fall
something that everyone was afraid to
even mention he just did it and nothing
bad happened no in fact the the climate
activists are pointing out that since
pulled out Nicaragua and North Korea
have joined the pact which makes America
look that much stronger and as I noted
at the time this was a I don't think
anyone can actually appreciate Ezra I
mean we can but I don't think the
general public appreciates in the media
appreciate how big of a frickin deal I
said freaking deal this was for a u.s.
president to pull out of this treaty up
until the last minute Donald Trump had
Mitt Romney the former GOP nominee
lobbying him hard to stay in the treaty
he had people like John McCain and even
Bob Dole and George W Bush all people
who would have stayed in the treaty all
previous Republican presidents or
nominees would not have had the courage
to do what Donald Trump did he stood up
to the face of the United Nations the
other world leaders the American media
academia and he stood strong and he
stood proud and he just said no deal and
we're pulling out and it was the the
withdraw heard around the world it still
stuns me that he had the courage to do
it and since that time it's just been
fantastic because the United States and
it was just crowned this past week to be
the most successful country and reducing
their emissions and we're not even part
of the UN Paris agreement that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
