residents are fleeing far-left cities
like New York and San Francisco in
record numbers as someone who did the
same myself I'm gonna tell you why it's
really happening
people want out of big cities especially
far left big cities and cities like San
Francisco and New York are seeing the
brunt of this and here's a story from
the Sacramento Bee nearly half of Bay
Area residents want out pull go the
reason why is no surprise now they're
talking about home prices as being the
primary reason why there are a lot of
other factors here let's read this a
poll released Sunday by a local ad
missing advocacy group that 46% of Bay
Area residents surveyed that they want
to move out of the area within the next
few years that number is up from 34% in
2016 and 40% last year in the same polls
very interesting so each year since 2016
there's been a 6% increase in the number
of people that want to leave the San
Francisco Bay Area now it's at 46% next
year if the trend holds it'll be at 52%
so over half of people will want to
leave now the survey was a joint effort
by the advocacy group the Bay Area
Council and a public opinion data firm
EMC research so a poll involved a
thousand registered voters in the Bay
Area so a good sample
now most people is saying that it's just
too expensive 45 percent of the
respondents blame the cost of living 27
percent of respondents blamed housing
prices and those were the main reasons
cited among the 461 of the thousand
respondents who said they want out New
York is suffering from many of the same
numbers I'll tell you about those in
just a moment
42% of the survey respondents called
housing costs availability of housing
the most important problems traffic was
18% poverty homelessness was 14%
now a uc-berkeley poll last year showed
56% of voters have considered moving due
to the cost of housing now here's the
here's the interesting part of the 461
people that said they wanted to leave
24% of those so about a hundred of them
that they would stay in California so
361 of the 461 people that said they
want to move out of the Bay Area also
presumably want to leave California
oppressive tax rates soaring illegal
immigration
no middle-class anymore and that's
really the biggest problem right if you
want to live in a decent neighborhood
you have to be wealthy otherwise you
have to live in a very bad neighborhood
or in a very rural area and in
California traffic traffic being the
number two problem they get two hours I
mean two two and a half hours each way
you get to work
now Sacramento interestingly 5% of those
of the 461 so that comes out to 30
people said they would move to
Sacramento not a really significant data
point except for the fact that this is
the Sacramento Bee then they needed to
do something
Sacramento centric with the story Bay
Area median home prices hit 850 thousand
dollars in April according to the
Mercury News most Americans don't just
have eight hundred and fifty grand or
down on a house but it's other things
you see this dovetail with stories about
eating Californians now Henschel e being
told by their state legislature when
they can shower run the sink flush the
toilet when they can use water
I had a prominent television personality
old friend of mine tell me I be at 60%
tax rate lives in LA I don't have water
believe lives in the Calabasas area I
can't just go outside if they're dead if
my car is a little busty I can't go
outside turn on my hose and spray my car
down for fear that I'm gonna get some
kind of environmental summons or worse
in California they'll arrest you for
things like that it's no wonder people
want to leave New York facing same here
from the New York Post tons of New
Yorkers want to leave the city these are
very recent stories just in the last
couple of days one third from this New
York Post story one third of New Yorkers
want to ditch the Big Apple
a study by brokerage and real estate
listings hub Redfin you know red found
that 34 percent of its New York City
users searched for properties outside
the city it's by a Bloomberg report it's
worse of that 34 percent the majority
looked at homes in Boston they liked
being in a city it might even be
democratic voters it
just want to leave New York City they
want to leave New York State much like
the majority of respondents 76% of those
who want to leave the Bay Area of those
who want to leave the Bay Area in
California 76% of those want to leave
California so they're saying in this
story hmm it's a nationwide phenomenon
of the other cities that the majority of
New Yorkers who want to leave so they
look at Boston the most they also looked
at Miami and Atlanta now I'm one of
those I'm one of those I'm a guy that
left New York City in 2004 from Miami
there were a lot of reasons I left while
still living yep
traffic yep but it was oppressive the
there are a lot of other things that tie
in with the cost of living and the
traffic it's the oppressive nature the
democratic run big city very difficult
to do business in a city or state like
that opportunity is very difficult to
create because of the burdensome
regulation the amount of money you have
to spend just to make sure your business
is compliant New York City has draconian
I mean excuse me your Coney and anti
business policies there are our
ordinances in New York City wherever you
want a very small businesses Horner's
store
Fenian store which is really cost
prohibitive to run these days in New
York City the rent is absorbent so it's
very tough for those mom and pops to
stay alive but if they happen to they're
a legacy business with the strong
community ties and and and decades-long
customer base there are ordinances in
New York City mostly put into place
under the Bloomberg administration very
oppressive very status where if you have
one letter to many on your awning the
fine started around $25,000 how does a
small business survive facing a $25,000
fine
for too many letters on there owning
parking tickets in some areas of New
York City are up to 350 $400
you can't really drive anywhere in this
city anymore you're forced to use public
transportation but the MTA the
Metropolitan Transportation Authority
doesn't maintain the subways and buses
they're old and they're dirty they're
inefficient horribly inefficient
compared to other places in the world
now look I understand New York is a huge
city I grew up there know all about it
but very little of the exorbitant tax
base of the oppressive tax base seems to
trickle down to the people who need it
the working people that use public
transportation or need to get around the
city it always seems to find its way
into entitlement programs and that's
another reason people are leaving now
the way these questions are posed they
couldn't really say that Redfin is
looking at it simply from web searches
and the survey in the Bay Area in
California ask people about they gave
them a list of issues that were
important to them but they didn't
basically say other tell us why you're
leaving and many of these people are
Democrats and they wouldn't admit it
anyway but but deep inside they know but
they'll never believe it on Democrats
they'll find a way to blame it on Trump
and the Democrats in their City or doing
the best they can who to counter Trump's
policies so it's making things more
difficult and if Trump would only stop
doing what he's doing it's not being so
mean and those Democrats wouldn't have
to be oppressive to their people and
yeah you know how they stood you know
how that whole story goes the reality is
Democrats only know one way regulation
PACS Bend I love bringing you be shows
every day so help me keep doing that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org load the rebel app and
stick with us here at the rebel for the
latest on Tommy Robinson situation UK
gel for 13 months or reporting on muslim
rape gangs something the UK wanted to
keep quiet in as always thank you so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
you
