are we afraid
thing too
I'm Ezra Levant it's June 4th and this
is battleground
welcome back to the show is called
battleground every day at 12 noon
Eastern Time I talk for an hour take
your comments in the form of a super
chat super chat is chat that's
highlighted in colorful colors I see one
from Andrews senior already I'll read
that in a moment
it's a way to make your comment stand
out from the other hundreds of comments
that come in it's a fun way of us
chatting and the bonus for us is it's a
source of revenue so thank you to those
of you who tip in to help pay our bills
I just checked you've probably heard me
talking on the microphone that we're
also streaming this on Facebook live
which is great a way for people to see
us there but the super chat
functionality is only on our YouTube
page well last week was a terrible week
for freedom it was a week that Tommy
Robinson spent his first week in prison
for allegedly being in contempt of court
that contempt of course emanating from a
judge's observing Tommy standing outside
the courthouse doing a Facebook live
stream really what I'm doing right here
a judge didn't like it much since seven
police officers to arrest Tommy pull him
away and literally within hours Tommy
was sent to prison for 13 months there's
an irony there I was watching Tommy's
Facebook livestream that caused that to
happen to him and he accosted two of the
criminal accused in a rape gang trial
and he said I see you have your prison
bag with you a prison bag of course is a
bag of your personal belongings
toothbrush whatever that you take if you
think you might be going to jail you
take it to the last day of trial what a
horrific Parador irony that Tommy was
asking them about a prison bag when it
was he in fact who would be going to
prison that day I think it's a
miscarriage of justice which leads me to
the first super chat that was written by
Andrew senior I'll read it it's
highlighted in green as hey Ezra
apparently Tommy pleaded guilty is there
anything a legal team can do with regard
to an appeal keep up the great work
Andy Leeds UK well thank you Andy yes it
is possible to set aside or to withdraw
a guilty plea it doesn't happen often
because usually if someone pleads guilty
they contemplated it they were given
lots of advice and they're pleading
guilty for a reason either they really
did it or even if they have a bit of a
will to fight they understand but by
pleading guilty and cooperating with
justice that there will be some leniency
so those are typically the two reasons
to plead guilty had done it or even if
you don't really feel like you've done
it it's just a way to get out of the
legal pickle Yuri and I put it both of
you both I put at you both of those
reasons are not here for Tommy Robinson
let's take a look number one did Tommy
do anything wrong is he really morally
culpable did he does he have a guilty
mind mens rea a' to use the latin term a
guilty conscience of course not I'm sure
those of you who are watching me now ten
days after Tommy was arrested have
watched his underlying Facebook
livestream he did nothing contemptuous
of court at all in fact he was quite
deferential to the court he was very
careful that he was not standing on
court property he was very careful to
say accused or alleged rapists he was
very careful in always the only facts he
read into the camera
were those publicly available on the
state broadcast or the CBC the BBC
excuse me when he read the names so
Tommy was not guilty he did not have a
moral guilt that he was perhaps
expiating and coming to terms with
reconciling himself to that by pleading
guilty no I believe he was railroaded
into a guilty plea because he did not
have access to his regular counsel he
was dealing with a public defender or
duty counselors are sometimes called who
did not know Tommy and certainly did not
know the obscure and complex law of
contempt of court so it was not for that
it was not because Tommy in my view I
wasn't there but from several thousand
miles away here in Canada it seems like
that was not the reason for his guilty
plea the second reason I put it to you
is for leniency a plea bargain as it's
sometimes called if you plead guilty if
you make this go quickly and easily will
be lighter on you that obviously didn't
happen
13 months in prison is anything but
light
I believe that Tommy Robinson did not
have meaningful counsel if he did I
think meaningful counsel would have had
the very least asked for a delay in the
hearing would have read the very least
insisted that the judge reviewed the
facts at hand and if a guilty plea were
in fact warranted that some leniency
would have been got in return none of
those things happen and therefore I do
believe and this is me speaking as a
Canadian I am NOT a British barrister or
solicitor I do not know the nuances of
British contempt of court law which
seemed obscure and whimsical to me
frankly but it would seem to me that
Tommy Robinson ought to applied to
withdraw his guilty plea and have a
proper hearing with proper counsel and
at the very least the judge will have
cooled off a bit I put it to you if
there were an emergency application for
an appeal and again I don't know the
procedural aspects of an appeal of a
contempt of court ruling in the UK I
just don't I mean I might have an answer
that in Canada I just don't know how
that's done in the UK I also don't think
that Tommy's public defender matthew
harding knew either by the way i'm not
disparaging him i'm saying contempt of
court is a very rare area of law apply
to set a set it aside apply to withdraw
the guilty plea apply to have a full
hearing of the underlying evidence and
hear at the very least the judge's
temper will have cooled the judge will
have been separate from the prickly
events by a week or two and Tommy's
lawyer can say well he just spent two
three weeks in prison your honor so he's
already been punished
I think withdrawal the guilty plea a
request for bail pending a proper
hearing I think at the very least would
give Tommy a shot and the judge would
probably be cooler and the judge could
say well I already got my pound of flesh
he already served X amount of time so
why the hell wouldn't you do that but
I'm not the decider here I'm not the
decision-maker
Tommy Robinson worked for us for a year
it was a very interesting year I won't
say it was easy Tommy
not built to have a boss as I think you
know that said I remain an ally and an
admirer of his and in fact as soon as I
saw the video I reached out to his staff
and I said how come he helped the answer
is we have to wait for the family to ask
us to help I see some more super Chad's
by the way I'm not just gonna kibitz
with you today I'm gonna read these
super chats but I do have three video
clips that I'm going to show you today
Lisa Leto chipped in ten dollars thank
you very much Lisa I'm going to keep an
eye peeled for a comment from you a
Swede speaks 50 Norwegian kroner thank
you save UK Canada and Sweden well you
could throw in a lot more countries than
that that need to help
I think that's Germany needs a lot of
help I think France needs a lot of help
Lisa letter oh I see your comment here
what about Britain first they are both
in jail and blocked from the internet I
addressed this briefly last week very
briefly I have met Paul Golding and Jay
de France and briefly for about an hour
talk to them a little bit I didn't get
in too deeply into their pasts and some
controversies so I don't know enough
about them or Britain first to be able
to give my opinion on them substantively
I know that they had a very powerful
Facebook presence you know they seem to
me to be more of a social media Action
Group you know some reporting some acts
activism then a political party I know
they were registered as a political
party but it felt like they were more of
a website operation I think that two
maybe even three million Facebook fans
it was huge
a lot of whom were in America by the way
they had very intricate web presence
you'll recall Donald Trump retweeted
three of jada Franzen's tweets cost an
uproar in the UK I'm not as familiar
with the court case that sent them to
prison there were some similarities to
Tommy's and that they were talking about
Muslim rape gangs in the UK I think and
again I'm going from secondhand reports
I because I do not have first-hand
information I think that they made an
error in Miss identifying and accused
and I think they said someone who didn't
do it didn't I'm going from news reports
here and I think that is the grounds
upon which they were convicted I don't
think that what they did ought to be a
crime I don't think it would be a crime
in the United States under the First
Amendment I don't know if it would be a
crime in Canada which is slipping into a
UK style censorship I do know for a fact
that Paul golden was assaulted in prison
and I am absolutely sure in my bones
that the UK establishment was delighted
that that accident happened
I think they jailed too many political
dissidents in the UK and they don't jail
enough G Hattie's for those of you who
tuned into my premium show at 8 p.m.
Eastern I'm going to talk about
23-thousand G Hattie's in the UK that
the security services acknowledged and
they're going to talk about the dozens
who are about to be released including
Anjem Choudary so if you watch the show
at 8 p.m. tonight you'll see that I
think a couple more Super chats came in
I'm going to quickly read them and then
I'm going to get into the news of the
day let me just read these gamer girl
531 7 says it's 2 a.m. the fifth in
Australia actually well what are you
doing up what are you doing up at 2 a.m.
but thank you very much for contributing
I appreciate that and chaos Biddy says
free Tommy he's my hero from Marcus in
Bristol UK it's quite something I've
told you this story before and forgive
me if you've heard it I mean I met Tommy
when I would meet him in the UK
sometimes he would pick me up in his car
at Heathrow and so I would I'd say well
I'll meet you where the cab's like it's
very hard to be he throws terrible hey
sorry he would he would pull up near the
cabs and I would wave and he'd step out
say oh as from over here and come over
and cabbies taxi drivers would identify
Tommy and they'd get out of their cabins
again Tommy like it was it was like they
saw the saw a hero like even if they saw
a rock star or a movie star
they wouldn't literally get out of their
cabs and and holler and Cheer that's the
reaction Tommy God so he's the hero to a
lot of people I should say for every
person like
we saw a hater some of them were just
snobby toughs like one fell on
westminster bridge who called Tommy over
for his self yeah isn't that beautiful
look at this fancy-pants banker with the
French cops and the $100 haircut and the
tailored suit ah he's really crossing
the class divide and Tommy leaned in for
the selfie and I was right there I
actually took a picture of Tommy taking
his picture with this fancy pants I
thought look at this time he's breaching
the divine bridging the gap no and then
he immediately said the favorite British
swear which is the c-word so the second
he took a smiley picture with Tommy the
toff looked at him and said you see UNT
and like it was a gag a trick that he
could show all his City stockbroker
friends I was with Tommy and here's the
proof of it Tommy you know there's a
saying ever Jews have a saying in
there's a book called P R K of all which
is sayings of our fathers is a great
little passage it's who is wealthy he
was content with his own portion it's a
interesting Zen idea and and one of them
is who is strong he who can control
himself do you think that's thoughtful
so there Tommy was he was just tricked
into taking his selfie with this fancy
pants would be aristocrat stockbroker
who managed to beckon Tommy over lied to
him oh I'm such a fan let me take a
selfie the second he had the selfie as a
trophy to show his friends he called him
the c-word and he didn't spit on him cuz
he's too fancy for that but what did
Tommy do he just laughed and kept on
going Tommy for all his wild nature was
in control of himself because he knew he
had to be that tough could have punched
Tommy in the face and got away with it
if Tommy would punch back you know he
would go to prison and it's always thus
the double standard I show you the
footage the other day of Tommy being
knocked down in the streets in Luton by
Muslim gangs who would have cost him
nothing would ever happen to those gangs
but if Tommy is so much as lay the
finger of return that's what Tommy had
to be strong to restrain himself and I
seen another super chat by jonathan
bryant would like to see publication ban
on rape trial that tommy was covering
yes here you're right on that I
understand that's a complicated
travel with so many different parts that
it's been broken into parts and I think
that chaining of these different trials
together means the publication ban
extends but as I showed you I think it
was on Friday
that doesn't mean plenty of other
citizen journalists and mainstream media
haven't been covering it even with more
graphic descriptions than tummy I may
have missed a couple of Super chats if
so my team will bring them to my
attention I want to tell you that this
weekend in Toronto Canada we had a
conference we called the rebel live we
are no 500 people or so get together for
a day and we talk about Tommy and to my
pleasant surprise someone flew in from
the United Kingdom just to talk with us
about Tommy to attend the conference his
name is Peter Peter McElveen FM are
calling correctly and he works in the
office of Lord Pearson who is au Kip
Lord I didn't know there were any for
some reason I would have assumed it was
just labor and conservative but shows
you what I know so Lord Pearson himself
did not attend but one of his aides did
and he gave a very very thoughtful
presentation I invited him up to talk he
said can I talk I said well yeah if
you're really with Lord Pearson's office
he showed me his card he was and he gave
a very thoughtful speech you can watch
that speech on my show tonight at 8 p.m.
but I want to show you I mean it was
great that he made and obviously the
Lord Pearson himself didn't come but it
reminded me of Lord Pearson because
Tommy Robinson had a great interview
with Lord Pearson a couple weeks before
the incident of last week and Lord
Pearson according to Peter Mackel venom
took Tommy around the House of Lords and
made a big point of show Willie
introducing him to everyone hi this is
my friend Tommy hi this is my friend
Tommy and they booked a lunch at the I
suppose there's a restaurant or a dining
room in the House of Lords and Lord
Pearson requested the dining table right
in the middle so everyone could see that
Lord Pearson had brought Tommy into the
heart of the House of Lords the fanciest
place in all the UK other than I suppose
a royal palace apparently that central
table was booked but that didn't stop
Lord Pearson from going around with them
I like that style don't you I want to
show you the first time I encountered
Lord Pearson was
recently it was a clip of him in the
house of lutes a short clip there's
something about the British those who
are thoughtful can be very thoughtful in
a way that I think only someone you know
who's being in the land of learning in
the land of Shakespeare in the land of
Cambridge and Oxford and and and you can
tell that Lord Pearson is a man of
thinking and ideas and philosophy and
it's amazing to have a man of his
intellectual depth on our team look at
the the beautiful use of words he
reminded me a little bit of Churchill I
gotta say without further ado here's
Lord Pearson in the House of Lords
talking about Muslim rape gangs the same
ones that Tommy was covering if we
accept the views of our leader police
officer for child protection of
Rotherham MP and of the recent Jay and
Quilliam reports we seem to be looking
at millions of rapes of white and Sikh
girl by Muslim men only 222 of whom have
been convicted since 2005 say my Lords
will the government ask our Muslim
leaders whether the perpetrators can
claim that their behavior is sanctioned
in the Koran and to issue a fatwa
against you and second man what will the
government encourage a national debate
about the various interpretations of
Islam
can we talk about Islam without being
accused of hate crime so thoughtful so
thoughtful not a word wasted I tell you
quite a few politicians could learn from
that you heard some of the groaning
surely coming from all benches I thought
he made a very good point he said can we
enquire with our British Imams if this
is forbidden by Islam these ratings and
if it is will they issue a fatwa against
it I mean to answer those questions in
the negative to say that no it's not
banned and no they won't issue a fatwa
is is to condemn isn't it I mean
if you are not willing to say no the
saying the our interpretation is that
this is contrary to Islam and we hereby
issue a religious edict a religious
judicial order called the fatwa against
it
imagine opposing that imagine opposing
the encouragement of moderate Muslim
Imams to condemn rape gangs imagine
opposing a fatwa against rape gangs
you heard the heckle say that was his
first request
can we ask the Muslim Imams in the UK to
condemn this and then second request is
can we have a national debate he's in
the House of Lords there's also the
House of Commons for our American
friends that would be like the Senate
and the Congress look at the word
Parliament's it comes from the word to
speak parlay to parley that's how we say
it in English or parlay all full say
it's a house of debate in the UK and in
Canada and other Parliament's modeled
after the mother of Parliament's in the
UK we think debating is so important
that we give it what's called
parliamentary privilege you can say
things on the floor of the House of
Commons or the House of Lords that you
cannot say elsewhere you have what's
called absolute immunity or
parliamentary immunity you cannot be
sued for defamation for example that is
one of the privileges that come with
being in Parliament and yet here we have
a member of the House of Lords saying
can we please please even debate this
subject and he listed other people who
had raised rung the arm including a
Muslim group he mentioned called
Quilliam obviously the answer to his
questions there's no my McDowell says
cheers mate Cheers I always enjoyed the
little British systems I learned not
only did I learn new swears by hanging
out with Tommy I learned new fun like
mate everyone's a mate we don't say not
a lot of chap oh good old chap on me I'm
sure some people still say that but with
Tommy in this grooves on a mate I liked
it
let's check the time it's 12 19 a third
of the show was gone just to reminder
what we're doing every weekday at 12:00
noon Eastern 2 a.m. Australia time I
just heard 5:00 p.m. Eastern in the UK 9
a.m. in the Pacific we a go live I go
live
some video clips take your comments it's
not our produced show the fun thing
about it is it's live and you can put
comments
Darry make Tommy King of England well I
don't think it works that way goat
zipper there's a surgical procedure
which removes the conscience which is
required before standing for elected
office yeah there's some truth through
it ray Winston Smith Ezra is making me
vomit a bish a bit sorry about that you
know you can always feel free to click
away free Tommy so he can receive as
much money for getting Tommy and I
are were on good terms before he went in
into prison in fact just about a week
beforehand Tommy wrote to me asking if
one of our other reporters Katie Hopkins
would be interested in joining him on a
Trump welcome and I had reached out to
Tommy because actually a private donor
in North America wanted to connect with
him
so you're foolish if you think that
because Tommy left the rebel were on bad
terms I don't take credit for Tommy's
awesomeness but I do take credit for
turning Tommy into a full-time
journalist I that's just how it went
down and the thing that made Tommy and
us have a challenge is that Tommy
doesn't he never had a boss before he's
not good with bosses especially bosses
2,000 miles away saying don't do this
don't do that you get in trouble well
Tommy's a troublemaker you don't tell
him to make you're not to get in trouble
and that's just his nature and I love
the the year he was with us he did more
than a hundred videos and I hope he gets
out of prison I have as you know spoken
to the family on several occasions and
to his lawyer and offered whatever help
we can either legally or otherwise and
we're just sort of waiting for a request
I don't want to interfere with this
strategy I would have a different
strategy when Tommy was thrown in jail
in Canterbury we moved heaven and earth
to get him out that same day we got him
home 813 hours after he was arrested
we hired the best lawyers in the country
richard Kowalewski QC for example we had
two other lawyers so - so you're simply
wrong Tommy
is a hero to many people precisely
because of his character and his courage
and that may make it a challenge for
people who are trying to put a corporate
enterprise around such a maverick but
that was that's the nature of I mean
we're called the rebel you know we're
not called the boring mainstreamers
that's why we work with people like
Tommy Robinson and Katie Hopkins and you
know our other rebels is because they
are a little bit prickly it makes it
tough I mean I'm sure it would be a lot
easier to run a network called the
borings or something the boring him but
we already got too many of those
Tommy chant to open the world cup that's
what Roger she says was funny you
mention that because there was a march
in Manchester there was a march to
commemorate the anniversary of the
horrific terrorist attack in Manchester
literally an attack at I think was an
ariana grande concert so it was
targeting kids it was targeting music
and girls and youth and innocence
remember in radical Islam they don't
even believe in in music the Taliban
didn't they would destroy records
because well as another Muslim extremist
Ayatollah Khomeini said there's no humor
there's no there's no jokes in Islam of
course there's not anything like music
or area and a grand a pop concert so I
recall a year ago working with Tommy and
he had a protest against terrorism in in
Manchester and it was very well attended
so they had an an anniversary march this
weekend and of course it was about the
terrorist attack mainly but let me play
for you a clip and can we play it for
like the full minute it's about a minute
long but I just want you to see it I
want you to see how many people were
there and I want you to see their signs
and listen to this chanting here play
the clip
Oh
I've been under that same bridge there
it's right in the heart of the city in
fact I stayed at a hotel right across
from when I went up there in Manchester
last time it's got amazing acoustics I
remember when the police kettled tommy's
rally a year ago it was actually
outrageous they kettled tommy's people
but they let an tyfa block the way the
police in Manchester is just as bad as
the police in London and the mayor is
just as bad too in Manchester I used to
follow him on Twitter I just got sick of
it I stopped so yeah it ain't going away
and I was just reading the comments
while we were playing that clip and I
see that the football lads Alliance
which is sort of like the United Nations
of football clubs because football clubs
I mean in North America football hockey
whatever
yeah there's rivalries but it's it's not
like it is in the UK and the UK they
really are I mean the phrase soccer
hooligan they're in gang or whatever
it's a little bit like that I mean they
can get it can get into fisticuffs
almost every time so the fact that
there's this Pan National League where
all these football clubs that's what
they call soccer over there come
together and put aside their rivalries
for a common purpose including sometimes
to support Tommy that's actually a bit
of a miracle it's a little bit like the
United Nations I was seeing as some
mention of a rally in London this
weekend I heard of that as well and I
hear that haired builders the Dutch
opposition leader will be attending that
is if they don't ban him at the border
Brenda barber as ray you are my favorite
Canadian journalist the world elite are
creating havoc in the world to offer
their solution problem action solution
the solution is to usher in the
Antichrist well that's a religious way
of phrasing him but frankly George Soros
and other globalists wouldn't phrase it
that differently that they're atheist so
they don't believe in
Antichrist but some of them are quite
diabolical Hanna can you get some images
of the Soros son Alex Soros with the
spirit cooking lady and I don't want to
gross out our viewers but I want to show
that anyone who refers to globalists and
supranational Asst and their machination
x' you could look at it through a
religious lens and an x lens you can
look at it through a communist lens you
could look at it sometimes through an
Islamist lens remember that the idea of
the Islamic caliphate is that there
ought not to be any nation-states there
against even Saudi Arabia even Iran they
believe in a theocratic state where
Allah is the boss with Sharia law not
man's law so that's not too different
from those who would it's theirs I know
there's an Instagram photo for example
of Alex Soros with remember the spirit
cooking lady it was really super gross
that the Podesta's and Hillary Clinton
were in to let me know if he can't find
it I'll do some googling myself don't
tell me those diabolical folks who
literally practice symbolism of satanic
cults like there there's Alex Soros on
the left and you see and hold that's so
that's Alex Soros in the white suit he's
the son of the billionaire George Soros
he's with some model du jour when you're
5 foot forward don't matter if you've
got a six foot six stack of $100 bills
am i right
and you see there's someone behind him
lying down what's that all about you see
there's some people dressed in white
what's that all about put up the next
one I'm sure there's more on this
there's a series from the same
get-together
I think Lady Gaga was there we'll find
it I'm sorry I'm surprising my team by
throwing this obscure thing
when you find spear cooking when you
find the art installations come back to
me because I know people are saying as
where you're crazy talking about these
things well maybe or maybe that's active
these folks who have destroyed
Christianity abandoned Judaism if they
were Jews have found something extremely
gross to just I'm just googling right
now spirit cooking Lady Gaga yeah and
it's the first image that comes up why
do you throw some of those my friends
just I want to close this thought
because people might not understand what
on earth I'm talking about let me know
when you have those because I'll okay
there we go you see this is the same
event that's Lady Gaga bad I'm you know
what actually the one you get that out
of the screen that's so gross I can't
even I can't even look at that without
gagging
Google spirit cooking Lady gaga
or spirit cooking and Alex Soros and
you'll see what that lady's talking
about I'm I'm not a follower of the New
Testament I'm a Jew myself we stop at
the end of the Old Testament I don't
think you need to be religious or for
that matter believe in any conspiracy
theory to observe the conspiracy facts
that there is a globalist elite who
don't believe that they ought to be
bound by the law certainly not by the
law of any state and in the case of
Tommy Robinson one of the things he is
against is open border migration and it
is simply a fact that George Soros and
other globalists used open borders
migration for various purposes including
overwhelming indigenous democracies by
simply displacing them putting them into
crisis radically altering their
demographics it's not a conspiracy
theory it is the express wishes of the
sources of the world I know we went on a
bit of a tangent there but it was a
super sad and I thought to respond to
him mouthwash typhoon I have no idea
what's happening because I just arrived
but have
this okay don't know what that means
I okay I'm just reading through some
more super chats if I missed them
someone shipped in 30 rupees from India
thank you very much for that I
appreciate that
okay I got on a bit of a tangent there
with George Soros and I wish I didn't
because I wish I didn't know what spirit
cooking was I learned about it in the
late days of the 2016 presidential
election when John Podesta emails were
leaked and it came out that he was
invited to a spirit cooking event by an
artist can you get them can you get the
spirit cooking artists photo of her
holding up The Devil's horns get the
spirit cooking artists name google it
and there's this grotesque image that
sums it all up with a she's holding a
goat's skull and people are saying as or
what the hell are you doing right now I
want to show you when you drive out
traditional morality and traditional
religion whether it's Judaism or
Christianity what fills the void
especially for these global leads with
throw out that horrific
that's the spirit cooking leader in New
York with a goat's Cod I'm sorry I'm
freaking you out let's take that down
right now that's the lady who held these
spirit cooking that's what they called
these gross things with blood she threw
the parties and invited the Podesta's
and she's the one who throws the party
that Alex Soros goes to and Lady Gaga's
goes to I'm sorry I took this grotesque
turn these last five minutes I'm gonna
stop right now
because I'm making myself moment but
that's a real thing so when Roseanne
Barr is mocked for talking about
pedophile rings or other illegalities
well we know for a fact that there are
hundreds of pedophile rings in the
United Kingdom
that's what Tommy was protesting against
these rape gangs they target underage
kids as young as age 211 they target
girls as young as 11 and they don't just
rape them once they rape them
systematically for years
that's what Tommy was thrown in jail for
reporting outside the trial of 27 men
and two women accused of systematically
raping girls as young as 11
so that's Islamic pedophilia and when
Roseanne and other conspiracy theorists
on the right talked about similar
grotesqueries in the United States maybe
they are going off on some speculation
or some conspiracy theories but they're
very extremely troubling for the
struggling things as well that are right
out in the open I always say you don't
need to indulge in conspiracy theories
there are enough conspiracy facts
alright let's get back let's get back to
two other things besides the gross nosov
George Soros his son Alex and the rest
of the crew I see a super chap from
David Anderson finally caught you live
as we keep up the great work
well thanks David sorry you tuned in
just when I was talking about spear
cooking I want to show you a police
officer I want to show you a clip of a
police officer and this clip came to my
attention from Gerard batten who's the
new leader of you Kip I started the show
by showing you a clip from Lord Pearson
and you Kip here this was tweeted by
Gerard batten the new head of you Kip
and I like him more and more I mean if
he's tweeting this and saying I don't
know what's going on here but I don't
like the looks of it
that's my kind of guy here roll that
video this is the this is of the police
officer talking to the lady that he had
just arrested she was protesting why do
we have that clip Andy Hanna yeah okay
roll the clip so I've just been chained
for being a bystander a bystander in the
City Square
I've got off the train I've got off the
train from Middlesboro to come to a
remembrance match to in honor of the
people that died and followed the guys
down here right I'm standing around
watching what's going on I get arrested
for doing nothing
I wasn't video in I wasn't causing no
harm to doing I was just standing there
let me speak I will explain what we're
doing
okay you've arrested me for nothing I'm
arresting you for failing to provide a
detail from the question what did I have
to provide magicians to stand-in around
in the square we have I shouldn't
involve an evidence that you are
associates with his group therefore what
information and intelligence the cameras
have been watching you right down to me
employ something okay all right I write
down the road on my own you want to see
my train ticket
all right I saw these guys I said where
you going we're having to walk down
there kind of come with it because the
guys that was supposed to meet me off
the train didn't meet me right so I
walked down here with them because I've
seen them before right no association
with them at all walking down the street
with somebody yeah having a conversation
with somebody is enough to arrest me no
is enough to arrest me off to issue with
a section 35 power okay please fatality
is not difficult twisted my arm
I didn't he took the plastic cup off for
me that walked down with with alignment
surgery I'm arguing with each other
trustee cook off me I did another glass
in my hand this is police brutality it's
an abuse of power all I was doing was
standing in the square listening to what
was going on when them guys are getting
told to get into Section 35 you believe
me
you followed me from walking up to me
you've bullied me like you could know
you believe me you grabbed a little mean
I bullied me no you grabbed my arm and
you bullied me
he took the cast off me before you did
that so you want me for my name and
address right and they have been nothing
you have give me a section 35 but
standing in the street no you said the
standing in the street can you
understand by a Buddhist telling you my
name and address when I feel as a
citizen I've done nothing wrong
no no not if you've in the wrong okay
are you one of your own
are you following your earth
yeah I've watched a lot of move
set in the Second World War and the
phrase that's always used in Hollywood I
don't know if it happened in real life I
think it did was when the Nazis would
cost anyone in the streets they would
say I are poppy and your papers give us
your papers show your papers as in and
the Soviets would do that too and it's
the hallmark of a police state where you
are presumed to have done something
wrong and you are constantly at the whim
of any local policeman to jump through
hoops show us your papers shows your
papers what papers I'm a free man my
paper it's called the Constitution and I
couldn't help but think of that I mean
we heard this lady protesting loudly and
and at some length and we heard her side
of the story and now she was recording
herself so perhaps she was tailoring
exactly what happened knowing that her
video would go viral
who knows maybe there's another side of
the story but the policeman himself
didn't seem to suggest there was he
didn't say she was doing anything
threatening or violent or causing a
disturbance in fact he essentially said
I've got any blood of any right I want
to pull you in whenever I want I can do
that I just can I don't have to answer
to you I can just use this section of
this lauda to whisk you off the streets
and then when I get tired of talking to
you I'm gonna grab the cell phone on
your hand that's how it happened to me
it's how it sounded excuse me that's how
it came across to me I don't know what
happened that lady in the end I haven't
made a deep investigation into it I just
saw that video or a portion of it
tweeted by Gerard Benton on the UK and I
thought how widespread is that how
widespread is it because remember when
Tommy was arrested ten days ago he was
standing by himself in the street he had
one female supporter and he had one
cameraman with him but they were silent
he was just talking himself if you can
bust up a guy
just for talking to himself on the
street you can bust up anyone you can
Nick them as southern look phrase I
learned from Tommy they're coming in
Nikia that means to arrest you and this
is a woman and she sounds sort of early
middle age and she sounds you know
argumentative or whatnot but she she was
deferential
I don't like it I don't think the
direction the UK is going these days I
don't like all the publication Mane's I
don't like the injunctions banning press
coverage and there's something called
the super injunction it's an injunction
over an injunction as in you're not
allowed to talk about this story that's
what happened in Tommy last week there's
an injunction not allowed to talk about
Tommy but then there's something in case
they they use call the super injunction
so we're gonna put an injunction banning
you from talking about this and then
we're gonna put a super injunction
banning you from talking about the ban
so we're gonna have a band that you're
not even allowed to save exists that's
actually law in the UK look it up it's
called a super injunction I'm not quite
sure how free the United Kingdom is it's
hard for me to believe that this is the
country of John Milton an aerial pajetta
the great free speech book it's hard for
me to believe this is the country that
gave us George Orwell warning us above
1984 you know they say that you could
live your entire life in the United
Kingdom without ever coming into contact
with the policeman because the policing
was so light and so deferential and the
citizenry was so self-regulating it was
a high trust society that through
centuries had adopted customs to govern
themselves it's not the case anymore is
it it's the most closed-circuit TV we'd
country in the West that's for sure
probably rivals China frankly I was just
reading a tweet from saticons police
force that says they have 900 policemen
on hate-crime duty do you know how many
cops 900 cops are just I just imagine
900 men and women not fighting knife
crime or acid attacks which happens a
lot in the UK now just surfing YouTube
and Twitter and Facebook and going to
shut things down 900 you know there's
23,000 G Hattie's
that the UK knows our in-country and
they're just doing nothing about 9 to
23,000 but they got nine hundred cops
are putting on the hurt feelings beating
I don't know exactly what's happening we
heard the ladies side of the story and
she was saying it for the benefit
cameras she could have been tailoring it
but the officer didn't really object to
her factual narrative there I don't like
the way the policing in the UK is going
everyone used to sort of laugh at the
bobbies didn't even have guns it's still
don't in many cases it's because they
were so well-respected they didn't need
to the moral authority and the citizenry
was generally well behaved they were
self regulated it was such a strong
country that way unbelievable I think
I've probably missed some super chances
1244 where three-quarters done the time
flies let me just check yeah a couple
super chats here a Swede speaks
spiritual void void of the West is
filled with Islamization you're right
what I showed you that bizarre five
minutes I spent showing you the spirit
cooking craziness in New York that's
extremely rich fancy people who indulge
in some satanic style cults I'm sorry
that's what that is and that's not a
conspiracy I showed you the photos of it
but of course there's only a few of
those people and they like their fancy
parties and their supermodels but the
void is indeed being filled by Islam
which is a confident religion an
aggressive expansion expansionist
evangelical religion when so much of
Christianity is passive or really
extinct or extinct going extinct Islam
provides rules heavy rules but rules
nonetheless and people I think crave
rules and if they don't have rules they
seek rules they seek boundaries when you
tell men you're not allowed to be male
you tell men you're not allowed to be
men men be masculine is toxic that's
unnatural Islam is the other extreme it
does not call on men to be gentle it
calls on men to be brutal in
anyways and it has a very strict place
for women put on a burka be submissive
but if you do that you'll be protected
by strong men you can see why it has
such a high rate of conversions
especially in a loose society where all
other Western religion has been driven
from the public square you can see why
so many people convert to Islam in
prison prim Paulo eight
chipton five bucks love the rebel live
event well thanks very much I had a lot
of fun there too I thought it was a
great get-together what's the time it is
12:40 6:00 p.m. I think I've covered
most of the super chance let's go back
and just read some regular comment oh I
see mouthwash typhoon this is disgusting
in my country is going the same way
while the majority of the population
have their heads in the sand yeah I
think so well I mean if if the
mainstream media has a cone of silence
on these issues how are people gonna
know not everybody spends their lunch
hour watching a newsie commentary super
chat most severely normal people don't
even watch the news read a paper Cave
creature says the island is real
I think that's an illusion to send an
illusion to the movie called the island
if it's the one I'm thinking about I
thought that was a great film KL 262
time for big change well you know it's
interesting I had the privilege of
having lunch with Daniel Pipes of the
Middle East forum the other day and he
told me that he went through the
countries of Europe and he talked about
the dissident parties on immigration
they were really punching through and we
see that in Italy right they're getting
very tough talking about deporting half
a million illegal migrants that's quite
a task let's see if they can do five
thousand then fifty thousand five
hundred thousand I you know that taxes
credulity if it's even feasible but I
like the fact that they're talking that
way and they're wildly popular for it
the alternative for Deutschland the AFD
in Germany is growing very strongly and
quickly Austria of course
Viktor orbán's Hungary very strong he
just won two-thirds of the vote if I'm
not mistaken even here builders a strong
second place marine lepen came in second
in the French elections doctor pipes
pointed out that in the United Kingdom
they don't have a dissident
anti-immigration party you kept toyed
with it briefly booth but it's you keep
a lot of the air that's got out of that
balloon I enjoyed our conversation with
chair art but he told us that he just
saved the in fact we've got I think we
just released our full interview with
Gerard maybe we can put the link on this
website for those who were interested I
talked to him for about 40 minutes or so
yeah so doctor pipe said that in the UK
there is no dedicated anti-immigration
party you Kip was not that there was a
secondary issue for you Kip and now you
could sort of be shrunk but I think if
there were a party like that I think a
lot of Brits would coalesce around it
and there's only so many times you can
call people racist sexist Islamophobic
whatever blah blah blah when you do so
falsely again and again and it's so
false if you look at the parties whether
it's the Sweden Democrat
or builders they absolutely are not
bigots in fact many people were
concerned about Islam are traditionally
leftists and Marie waters of for UK or
for Britain she's a lesbian feminist I
don't think I'm telling the secret to
say that she's concerned about Islam for
personal reasons as much as political
reasons I think PIM for town the gay
activist politician in Holland was
murdered because he was worried about
Sharia law encroaching on his rights as
a gay gay Dutchman teo van gogh who was
also murdered he did the film submission
he was gay as well and so i think
calling anti islam off' ocation party's
racist and bigoted i think it loses its
effect after a while i mean you can call
it just becomes a joke almost i see if
you weren't super chats andrew senior
ezra the girl in the van has now to
appear in court charged with assaulting
a police officer she did nothing wrong i
saw the full video ok thanks Andrew
right I didn't do a lot of deep research
into it I just saw that video tweeted by
Gerard and I thought it spoke enough for
itself to show but thank you for the tip
Christopher James chipped in pen ten
bucks thanks very much Ali Clarke
thoughts on EU copyright law article 13
will have huge impact on free speech and
independent media Ali I just haven't
looked at that yet so I'm afraid I don't
have enough information to give you a
substantive answer but thank you for the
tip hey preacher the island is real let
me check with the team have I missed any
super chatter I got them all no it looks
like I have mom okay it's low 51 we got
10 more minutes you know what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna take a very short break and
I'm gonna play an ad for weird say we
did a documentary I'm sure I mentioned
this last week we went to Iraq last year
we did a documentary on Isis and their
ethnic cleansing of Christians I mean as
you know it's the Holy Land
that's they were the first Christians
there Iraq is pretty close to it used to
be called Mesopotamia pretty close to to
Judea and they were early conference
they've been practicing Christianity for
1400 years in some of these towns we
visited we did
movie about how Isis has a specific
campaign to destroy that Christian
community it's called save the
Christians and it's done the movies done
you can get it order on DVD if you're
old school or if you prefer video
on-demand just go to save the Christmas
come here so here's a one-minute trailer
just to remind you what we did
one diamond oil immersion
Saba happen asado paribus overhead
budget Bahama be done on Atlantic
Donita
galilee moon fellow Islam
mission
yeah I recommend that if you care about
the ethnic cleansing of Christians you
know it's funny I was just reading that
Pope Francis is convening a meeting with
senior oil company CEOs I understand the
the boss of ExxonMobil is going Rex
Tillerson successor Statoil is going
they have a new name now I can't
remember all of them I think BP was
going and he was inviting them there to
talk about global warming I don't think
the Pope's an expert in global warming
I think global warming is more of a
matter for politicians not for priests
what I I'm not a Catholic so I have to
be cautious about criticizing I'd like
to quit I feel as a Jew I have certain
moral authority to criticize Jewish
groups I'm more cautious about
criticizing Christian groups but it
would seem to me that the Pope could
better spend his time convening world
leaders to talk about the ethnic
cleansing of Christians at the hands of
Muslim extremists not just in Iraq and
Syria but the Coptic Christians being
slowly genocided in Iraq they used of
course sorry in Egypt Egypt of course
used to be a Christian majority country
it's now 10 percent Christian need I
tell you that Turkey you know Istanbul
used to be called Constantinople the
largest Christian city in the world the
rich the richest city in the world the
most powerful city in the world
now it's called Istanbul and the great
Hagia Sophia mosque it used to be a
church and then it was conquered by
Muslim jihadists and turned into a
mosque I think that's probably more
where the Pope's talents and connections
and moral authority can be used rather
than reading some bullet points put
together by Al Gore I think we have
enough people talking about global
warming even if the Pope's right which I
don't think he is on global warming we
have other people hadn't like that we
don't have enough people handling the
case of Christians being extreme
let me check his 12:55 we have five
minutes left team do I have any a super
chance that I missed nope
oh one that just came in let me read it
Tommy should be knighted not jailed says
same thing one well wouldn't that be the
case eh it's it's a profit is reviled in
his own time have you ever heard that
saying no one wants to hear a profit
because the profit is always warning the
path Iran is not a good path
repent you're doing something wrong no
one wants to hear that Tommy and I hope
he gets out of prison soon and I hope he
stays safe and I hope he's not deterred
from his work but I am afraid that he
will not be properly recognized until
after his time and I don't want to say
when it's too late because we always you
know to quote another Pope where there's
life there's hope but I'm afraid that
the powers that be would never give him
a knighthood let's see we got four
minutes left I'm just gonna read some
more comments just randomly here really
Niel d-46 I think any true Christian
will tell you this Pope will be the
destruction of the Catholic Church well
I don't think so I think the church will
endure but I I was just on the weekend
talking to a Polish friend about the
critical role that pope john paul ii
played in liberating poland and indeed
all the Eastern Bloc from the Soviet
empire and that was something only that
Pope could do and he did it by relying
on his moral authority and reigniting
Christianity in the officially atheist
Soviet bloc I think that the battle we
have against radical Islam today is as
large as the battle we had with Soviet
atheism and communism a generation ago I
wish we had that kind of a fight back
and Pope John Paul he did it with Reagan
and Thatcher but he was a crucial part
in my view oh I see a super chat mmm
Karis as a Catholic I feel that Pope
Francis may go down as an anti Pope
Latin American Church was heavily
fulfilled filtrated by communists in
20th century yeah I and again I don't
want to go to deepen this I already
spent too much time talking about the
anti
some things today that's it's not my
turf but I am worried about it and and I
just really wish that there were more
champions for these Christians in Arab
lands ironically it might be Donald
Trump who picks up that mantle Trump is
is no pious man he's pro-life and he's
supportive of Christians it's funny
because I think his own personal
lifestyle many Christian voters would
say oh he's not a Christian conservative
also what he supports Christians and
conservatives in a way that many
practicing currently more than i mean
george w bush would call himself an
evangelical christian born again he
would donald trump's gone farther than w
in supporting christians ha d wall says
Daniel Pipes opposed Trump for the
presidency yes he absolutely did and
I've debated that with him and I think
that Daniel Pipes has like somebody who
s observed the last 500 days of Trump's
presidency and as a conservative he's
found it's positive what I like it is a
never Trump or who can say you know what
I was wrong because of this this this
and I was glad to be proven wrong
I never Trump her that I don't have time
for would be someone like Bill Kristol
who despite the objective proof that
Donald Trump is the most concerning is
the most conservative president since
Reagan and some would say even more than
Reagan yet continue to nitpick to find
reasons to justify their earlier
objections I think it takes some courage
to change your mind when Glenn Beck
changed his mind about Donald Trump a
couple weeks ago I gave him credit for
it I mean I don't think it was just a
marketing ploy I think Glenn Beck is
honest enough to say yet Trump isn't
what I feared folks is 1259 we do this
every day
I usually talk about subjects other than
Tommy Robinson but we're still just in
the wake of his arrest and I think we're
still processing that we'll probably
talk about Tommy a little bit in the in
the days ahead but we will ease other
discussions into it because they I just
don't think we're going to have news
about Tommy there's going to be another
rally on Saturday here Builders is going
there's going to be some moves like that
but
as far as I know no legal appeal has
been filed and that I've disappointed
him but it's not my decision to make
I believe Tommy should fight like hell
his lawyers should fight like hell that
should get the best dream team in the
country we put together a bit of a dream
team for him a year ago in Canterbury
it's not my decision to make so I should
hold my tongue if there's news we'll
give it to you you'll probably find out
about it the same time we do we'll talk
about Tommy but we'll talk about other
things this week ahead for those of you
who chipped into the super chat thank
you that goes to support our costs here
at the rebel on behalf of all of us here
at rebel world headquarters into drawing
in Toronto to you at home keep fighting
for freedom
you
