we have seven or eight members of the
media here today and you have your
ticket prices we had an early bird price
and a regular price we chose to have a
higher price for the media and we were
thinking of having different tiers of
pricing you know 70 bucks regular for
sort of the junk media the left the
click Beatty vice and BuzzFeed you know
charge them like 150 and then if you're
with a state broadcaster pony up but a
Channing made this suggestion said as
our that's just too many boxes in the
form it's not but we do have we do have
some representatives of the fake news
media here today we've got some good we
got some good folks but there is one
person I just want to warn you about you
know that dumpster fire called BuzzFeed
scats catcher you hear Saachi their arse
actually cool curl I just want to read
one of satis tweets about you folks
because I don't know if you follow us at
you I don't think you do because you're
not really into the BuzzFeed dumpster
fire I'm gonna read a tweet that that's
sketchy wrote about you and I'm gonna
use I'm gonna swear just because I don't
want to edit sketchy who would want to
do that she said rebel produces hate
speech and here comes to swear there's
no good fucking reason to act like
they're an alternative viewpoint it's
just hate speech sketchy cool
ladies and gentlemen sketchy cool
now I should tell you that sketchies a
bit of a racist
you might recall she put out an ad for
BuzzFeed where she said no whites and no
men please and that's okay because it's
not illegal to be racist it's not
illegal to be racist and we do not
believe in censorship and when I saw
that bigot sign up today I thought what
do we do do we censor her no we don't we
do not censor the alt left bigots we
don't censor people who smear us we
debate them we challenge them and we
tell them you do not speak for us and we
our voice will be heard and you bigots
at BuzzFeed and vice and the other
dumpster fires of the alt left media you
will never silence our voices and if you
managed to as Tommy Robinson was
silenced last week do not mistake
cutting out a man's tongue for changing
his mind
you
