could you imagine meeting with him about
NAFTA talking about steel and aluminum
and that's what the American negotiators
want to talk about Clause 14 sub 2
section C or whatever and he wants to
virtue signal about changing steel to
make it a feminist industry in August
Louis here's a headline from August it's
all Trudeau wanted to talk about them
feminism and Aboriginal issues in a
trade treaty and then in September it's
all Trudeau wanted to talk about gender
equality and then in October it's all
true true I wanted to talk about and in
November it's all Trudeau wanted to talk
about yes now that works when you're
winking at your government journalists
at the CBC here's the CBC's crack
political journalist rosemary Barton
sucky after the man who pays her
paycheck she loves the feminist gender
equality stuff it it doesn't seem to
have helped the steel industry I don't
think it's gonna save the auto industry
and if you don't think Donald Trump is
coming for our auto industry I don't
think you're woke enough yet Trudeau
says he's really surprised
thanks for falling apart with NAFTA
really he was so sure it was a done deal
here's a tweet from a Canadian reporter
in Washington knew Mike Pence is
contradicting Canadian PM Justin
Trudeau's version of events this week
Trudeau said NAFTA deal was closed and
he offered to come to Washington to
hammer it out but it fell apart when
pants insisted on including a five-year
sunset clause pence says no deal close
do you think the deal was close do you
think it was close but that Mike Pence
wrecked it or do you think that maybe
Justin Trudeau is just continuously
giving his disastrous Foreign Affairs
streak and is now lying about it like
when he blamed rogue elements of the
government in India for planting a
terrorist in his Liberal Party entourage
now we were warned about this the other
day Donald Trump was losing his patience
with all this gender and weird stuff he
called Canada spoiled in terms of its
easy access to US markets remember this
I think your Auto Workers and your auto
companies in this country are going to
be very happy with what's going to
happen you'll be seeing very soon what
I'm talking about NAFTA is very
difficult Mexico has been very difficult
to deal with Canada has been very
difficult to deal with they have been
taking advantage of the United States
for a long time I am NOT happy with
their requests but I will tell you in
the end we win we will win and we'll win
big will get along with Mexico we'll get
along with Canada but I will tell you
they have been very difficult to deal
with
they're very spoiled because nobody's
done this but I will tell you that what
they asked for is not fair that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
