president Trump signed legislation that
should make a lot of Hollywood people
happy but will they praise him for it
don't count on it I'll tell you all
about it coming up today on the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel
Hollywood particularly the music
industry has a brand-new and huge reason
to show some gratitude for President
Trump of course they won't even though
the landmark legislation he signed
yesterday will benefit them greatly I
doubt many of them will have anything
nice to say about it actually it would
be very difficult for them to say
anything negative about it since it
benefits them directly so I guess they
will probably just remain silent
instead of tweeting about how the
president has put more of their
well-earned money into their pockets
they will just find another reason to
kick him because as Eric Holder
instructed liberals to do when we as
conservatives go low they should kick us
whatever if you guys want to be bitter
and angry all the time go ahead in the
meantime President Trump is signing
bills into law making American music
great again the legislation I'm
specifically talking about is called the
music Modernization Act and doggone I
wish Trump was President was when I was
in the music industry because then maybe
I would have been handsomely rewarded
for all of the millions of times my
music was streamed on Spotify and
iHeartRadio and Apple music maybe I can
collect those royalties retroactively
Lee maybe we'll see anyway the music
Modernization Act has been long
anticipated and reformats the
compensation structure for recording
artists and musicians to account for
Digital streaming speaking about the
legislation today at the White House
President Trump said this the music
Modernization Act closes loopholes in
our digital royalty laws to ensure that
song writers artists and producers
receive fair payment for licensing of
music I've been reading about this for
many years and never thought I'd be
involved in it but I got involved in it
they were treated very unfairly they're
not going to be treated unfairly anymore
so in years past musicians were making
so little from music they published
that's why artists went on tour touring
actually produced more revenue than
making and selling the music itself
especially nowadays when people are not
even buying physical CDs or records
they're not even buying music on
toons anymore they're using streaming
services that cost you know eight to ten
dollars a month for an unlimited library
of music the ceremony celebrating the
landmark legislation was attended by
industry executives and various
recruiting art artists across all genres
of music
Kid Rock Beach Boys singer Michael love
John Rich and Doobie Brothers guitarist
skunk Baxter we're all there in person
to witness the signing of the
legislation now billboard was the most
Trump friendly media outlet imagine that
that I could find and they said this
soul legend Sam more of Sam and Dave
noted that the legislation has been a
long time coming with mr. Bush we
couldn't get it done when mr. Obama was
in we couldn't get it done but we got it
done with this man said the soul man
singer now earlier today Senate
candidate Marsha Blackburn she's in
Tennessee she fought very hard for this
legislation and she said this in the
tweet as co-founder of the house
songwriters caucus I've worked
tirelessly on solutions to bring
songwriters and producers a more fair
way of being paid for their work in
today's digital economy thrilled to see
@potus signing hashtag music
Modernization Act into law today
hashtags stand with songwriters and one
of my sweet friends who is also a
recording artist kaya Jones tweeted this
so you all understand what the music
Modernization Act means is every
songwriter will be compensated fairly we
as artists make nothing on most of our
work which is why we tore this is a game
changer for all artists and will ignite
a fire in the music community we have
needed so this is really exciting
progress for the music industry I
searched through Twitter to try to find
reactions from from music people who are
Trump critics I earnestly tried I used
multiple different search criteria and
couldn't find a single one know Madonna
know Katy Perry know Beyonce know jay-z
know Taylor Swift who ironically just
public publicized her support for Marsha
Blackburn opponent the same Marsha
Blackburn who helped push this
legislation across the finish line yes
that one not a peep from Taylor Swift a
bunch of hypocrites we have here in
Hollywood they all but you already knew
that
oh well Trump is making music great
again anyway with or without their
port everybody have a great weekend i'm
amanda head the hollywood conservative
for the realm if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at WWWE a forward
slash shows make sure you're following
us on facebook and twitter for all of
our latest news and download our new app
for the rebel media on the app store
that way you will have instant and easy
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching i'm amanda head for the
rebel
