this one this one oh my god I can't wait
to brag I was I honestly went to sleep
last night
comping at the bit they bring you this
Oh a reporter from the New York Times
meets out couple of days back this her
name is Julie Davis and she's been
working with Michael Schmidt the guy
who's breaking all these scoops from all
his offers protecting a band and
vilifying you know Rob Rosen see now and
well anyway Julie Davis leads quote
depressing site at Trump rally in
Nashville adorable young boy probably
about my son's age pointing eyes
pointing iPhone at me and other
reporters and snapping pics while
screaming fake news fake news a child
but will grow up believing a free and
fair press is the enemy a bad thing to
be mocked and hated okay that's what she
wrote really depressed because a child
now of course she's implying that
President Trump is corrupting the minds
of children and and causing them to
believe that the objective in fair New
York Times
is demonizing her and her other
objective and fair reporters who do
nothing wrong
well that was tweeted on May 29th 2018
is a Tuesday at 8:59 p.m. just around
9:00 p.m. yesterday Wednesday
at 1:18 p.m. the same Julie Davis who
complained and told us had the press she
was that a young boy at Trump's
Nashville rally called her fake news
Julie Davis less than 24 hours later had
to correct fake news she reported about
Trump's Nashville rally
here's her tweet president Trump is
correct about his crowd last night my
estimate was way off and we have
corrected our story to reflect the fire
marshals estimate of 5,500 people when
we get it wrong we say so though Julie
Davis in The New York Times said there
were only a thousand people at the Trump
rally they mocked it they mocked Trump
they prematurely printed fake news
Donald Trump tweeted and she was a quote
tweeting Donald Trump he failing
incorrupt New York Times estimated the
crowd last night at 1,000 people when in
fact it was many times that number and
the arena was rocking and he goes on to
plan the New York Times
the irony the irony is beautiful I
actually treated New York Times's Julie
Davis who complained about being called
fake news by a little boy at Donald
Trump's Nashville rally had to correct
fake news she reported about Trump's
Nashville rally you cannot make this up
you can't make it up they don't even try
anymore though the best part was after
she prints the fake news she goes see
we're not fake news because we corrected
it no you corrected it because the
President of the United States called
you out and the President of the United
States put up the fire marshals estimate
if Twitter didn't exist if the president
didn't have this kind of immediate
platform to call you out
it wouldn't have corrected this Julie or
you might have printed a retraction on
page 38 I want to dig deep every day in
two ways the left and their cohorts in
the mainstream media are trying to rig
not just elections but our entire
process our entire constitutional
republic we're seeing that happen all
over the world not just here in the
United States to help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
WWWE or which last shows also I want to
keep bringing you the updates on what's
going on with Tommy Robin said in the UK
they tune to the rebel follow us on
Twitter on Facebook so you can find out
how to work with us but also how to keep
a free press robust around the world go
to the App Store download the rebel app
as always thank you so much for watching
it back with you tomorrow
