there are so many things to do that are
wrong with
c71 it's really hard to even pick a
point the prohibitor the the the the
reclassification prohibited there
they're going backwards on a few the
classifications for the for a few of the
AR style they almost look like the
ak-47s and that were brought back from
prohibited and restricted a while back
and they're moving backwards on just
about everything we've moved forward on
as far as the the CPC is done well no I
was just gonna say yeah one of the big
problems that at least that I have with
this legislation although there are just
so many is the reclassification
arbitrarily of the C's at eight five
eight and the Swiss arms rifles I mean
if this legislation was built to deal
with gang violence I'm pretty sure those
are not the firearm of choice for
gangbangers in Toronto
well yeah regardless if you're going to
deal with gang violence how are you
going to deal with gang violence by
restricting an inanimate object that
they can just pick up anywhere they want
to whether or not it's illegal or not
anyways I've never met a criminal that
actually cared about what a law was if
you want to deal with gang violence you
have to deal with people not with not
with objects this it's like trying to
deal with street racing and prohibiting
a car that that's not gonna do anything
for anyone it's they're not they're not
dealing with the problem they're their
window dressing and they're making
people feel good by saying oh we're
going to go against gang violence and
this is how we're gonna do it we're
gonna take away people's guns that go to
the go to the range every day that's
exactly how they're doing it and because
we've the gun owners have been so quiet
for so long we've always tried to be so
PC so correct don't make a big noise
that we've allowed this huge wedge to be
draw driven between us and the rest of
the population most of the population
are surprised to know that they're still
guns out there
yeah it's funny because the Liberals
like to say that there isn't a gun
culture in Canada but I disagree with
that we have a large gun culture in
Canada now there might not be a gun
culture in the places where the Liberals
live and get voted into power but in the
rest of the country flyover country
Saskatchewan Alberta the interior of BC
Northern Ontario all of Manitoba
northern Quebec there's a substantial
gun culture and when the Liberals enact
this sort of legislation it really
speaks to just how out of touch they are
another thing that we're just going back
to c71 I was just thinking about it the
Justin Trudeau had said during his
campaign that he would never bring back
the gun registry but there are things in
c71 they'll look a hell of a lot like a
gun registry by another name well for
sure when you when you force a gun
dealer to keep records for 20 years if
that's not registered I don't know what
it is that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
