tonight a special full-length interview
with the new leader of you Kip the UK
Independence Party it's May 31st and
you're watching the Ezra lavance show I
know there's 8,500 customers here and
you won't give them an answer here once
a year with the sign boiler
if the 2016 US presidential election
were an earthquake well the 2016 brexit
referendum in the United Kingdom was a
warning tremor in both cases the
forgotten people though little people
didn't do what they were told by the
political media and business elites in
the US Trump voters were called the
deplorable by Hillary Clinton in the UK
they're just called the working-class
well victory went to them that was the
results in the UK of a decades-long
campaign by skeptics of the globalist
scheme to integrate Great Britain with
the European continent
I'm sure there were noble reasons for
that integration to avoid a repeat of
the horrific wars for the first half of
the 20th century for economic prosperity
and trade those are good things but with
it came bad things you can give the EU
the benefit of the doubt and call them
unintended consequences but like he was
inevitable the empire-building by
bureaucrats in Brussels the corruption
the erosion of British sovereignty and
democracy in the British rule of law all
of that was predicted by Euroskeptics
and it all came true the European Union
and it's impenetrable bureaucracy took
on a life of its own and Britons were no
longer masters of their own house ad in
the terror of radical Islam and Angela
Merkel's open borders experiment and you
had a perfect storm and the man of the
hour was Nigel Faraj the charismatic
constantly smiling Champion the ultimate
Brit the happy warrior always posing for
a photo with a hundred watt smile and a
pint of beer at a pub
to dislike smart as a whip and a
brilliant orator videos like this from
his seat in the European Parliament
inspired countless Brits to learn why
the EU was a bad deal and to find the
courage to vote to break free of it
here's a speech from nearly 10 years ago
just great stuff even today let's run a
few minutes of it good morning mr. Van
Rompuy you've been in office for one
year and in that time the whole edifice
is beginning to crumble this chaos the
money's running out I should thank you
you should perhaps be the pin-up boy of
the Euroskeptic movement but just look
around this chamber this morning just
look at these faces look at the fear
look at the anger Paul Barroso here
looks like he's seen a ghost you know
they're beginning to understand that the
game is up and yet in their desperation
to preserve their dream they want to
remove any remaining traces of democracy
from the system and it's pretty clear
that none of you have learned anything
you know when you yourself mr. Van
Rompuy say that the Euro has brought us
stability I suppose I could applaud you
for having a sense of humor but isn't
this really just the bunker mentality
you know your fanaticism is out in the
open you talked about the fact that it
was a lie to believe that the
nation-state could exist in a 21st
century global eyes world well that may
be true in the case of Belgium who have
never government for six months but for
the rest of us right across every member
state in this union and perhaps this is
why we see the fear in the faces
increasingly people are saying we don't
want that flag we don't want the anthem
we don't want this political class we
want the whole thing consigned to the
dustbin of history
so yeah the years have worked by Nigel
Faraj you Kipp started rising in the
polls the UK Independence Party the
ruling Conservative thought they'd take
the winds out of you Kipps sales by
preemptively calling a referendum on the
matter into their shock and matter the
rest of the fancy people Brits voted for
brexit the British exit glorious Farraj
left the party his chief goal now
accomplished left the leadership of the
party he remains as a member of the
European Parliament for UK and he now
has other endeavors including a popular
radio show in the UK reg
other TV appearances and regular visits
to America including to visit his pal
Donald Trump who visited the UK on the
eve of brexit to support him Faraj is no
longer leader and the UK party has had a
series of leaders none of whom have
endured or found success the party has
fallen in the polls and had financial
difficulties but maybe it has found feet
again with the leadership of Jared
batten a colleague of Faraj who is been
in the UK trenches for more than 20
years and serves with Faraj in the
European Parliament as a you Kip MEP
he's been in this leadership position
since February and I didn't pay
attention at first until I saw him
consorting with our former reporter
Tommy Robinson in the in the UK and
publicly standing up for Tommy after his
arrest that's more courage than you
normally see in a politician I thought
so today we bring you a special show a
feature interview with Jared batten the
new leader of the UK party here's how
our conversation went earlier today
welcome back well we have a very special
guest now someone who's of great
interest to Brits but I think that
Canadians and Americans should pay
attention to his name is Gerard batten
and he's the new leader of the UK party
the UK Independence Party he joins me
now via Skype from his office in London
nice to meet you mr. batten thanks for
taking the time with us today
it's nice having me on well it's a
pleasure we follow brexit we started to
follow breakfast before it even got
momentum and the idea that the UK could
untangle itself from the EU was so
unthinkable back then it in my mind it
was like the idea of Canada removing
itself from the United Nations it was an
impossibility how did it go from
impossible to having had happened how
did how did that how did that happen
well I think they wouldn't be much
easier to leave the United Nations it is
to leave the EU how did this start well
it started with people like me a long
time ago you know this is this whole
thing has a very long history we join
the European Union or the European
Economic Community as it was then back
in 1972 23 and a lot of people weren't
happy with that we had a referendum in
1975 on continued membership I voted
against staying and of course nothing
happened for a long time and then I
joined a small political party in 93
called the anti-federalists League 18
months later we changed our name to the
UK Independence Party and it took us 23
years to get to the point where we had
the referendum and achieved the
referendum and it was a very very hard
slog and it was done through taking
votes at the ballot box we have for
hundreds of elections you know by
elections parliamentary elections local
council elections all kinds of elections
in order to become an electoral threat
and it was becoming that electoral
threat which forced David Cameron to to
promise the referendum and I think he's
seriously miscalculated because he
thought the kind of win that the remains
side would win and of course we all know
they lost and now for the last two years
our political establishment has done
everything it possibly
not to fulfill the obligation of the
referendum which is to take us out of
the European Union so we're still in the
middle of a big battle yeah it's
incredible the attempt to thwart
democracy it it's reminiscent of the
excuses thrown up against Donald Trump
to try to deal it deal Aegina Mies his
vote except for in the UK it actually
seems to be working what is the status
of things this Teresa main believe in
brexit do the decision makers in her
cabinet on this file do they believe in
brexit no the problem that we have is
that our political establishment quiet
majority doesn't want to lead the
European Union
Teresa main was a remainer in the
referendum campaign as well most of her
cabinet you have a few genuinely was
like David Davis that she put into the
job of negotiating our withdrawal
agreement who has suffered endless
frustration and has threatened to walk
away I believe at some point and you've
got a House of Lords which are
completely unelected but appointed by
the political parties so I doing
everything they can to actually delay
the process so it is I think if this
doesn't go through if we don't leave the
European Union I think this will be the
end of any real belief in democratic
politics in the UK because you know
seventeen point four million people
voted to be I think that it would have
been a bigger majority if we'd have had
a fair referendum campaign it's a very
slanted campaign but we still won and if
this is this this isn't carried through
I think you will see complete permanent
cynicism about politics and the
political system so I think it's vital
that it succeeds for a number of reasons
first of all to return democratic
sovereignty to the UK but also to
restore any kind of faith in politics
going for yeah well I mean in the United
States the analogy I gave and it's not
perfect to discredit Donald Trump's win
but at least Donald Trump is the decider
now he is the executive the slow-walking
of the brexit is an inside job the
government that held the
random clearly didn't want it as you say
they miscalculated let me put a question
to you in the United States and and I
know we're getting into the realms of
hypothetical here but if there was some
way that the will of the last US
presidential election were thwarted
nominally in a democratic way but let's
say if Donald Trump were impeached in a
proceeding that seemed quite unfair I
think Americans wouldn't be docile or
passive there's still a revolutionary
spirit in America and not to be too
dramatic but at the end of the day they
have their Second Amendment and their
firearms and I'm not saying anything
like that would be on the horizon but
I'm saying it's the eltz the reason the
framers of the US Constitution put it
there at the end of the day against the
tyrannical government that ignored them
my fear and I and I'm hoping you can
disabuse me of this my fear is that the
United Kingdom in 2018 has some
courageous brave people and I would from
what I know about you I would put you in
that category but it also has people who
are passive who don't know what they can
do who are disarmed not just in terms of
firearms but disarmed in terms of the
media disarmed in terms of the police
the press the politicians the professors
that every inch
they don't have anything left it and all
they have left is cynicism they're
submissive am I wrong about the
character of the yahay today I think
that what we've had well you must
remember that you may have experienced a
similar in US and Canada we've had 40 to
50 years of people being told that they
shouldn't be proud of their history they
shouldn't be proud of their institutions
they should be ashamed we have to be
part of this supranational political
organization called the EU and we are
governed by an elite across not just
politics but our police our education
system who are basically being
infiltrated and taken over by left-wing
culturally Marxist politically correct
abuse you know our it's through every
institution the ordinary people
I often don't agree in Rebell but
they're no limited in how they can repel
against that because now if you if you
say the wrong thing or if you tweet the
wrong thing you can find yourself out of
a job or you won't be offered a job if
people look at the audience because tell
you everything now is you know on the
internet very easy to see what people
say what their opinions are and we have
people arrested now for ludicrous
ludicrous reasons we have had a man
arrested on the street for reading the
words of Winston Churchill out of a book
published in 1898 I think it was on
Winston Churchill's views on Islam we
had a lady arrested the other day for
wishing somebody a gay day well she was
an old lady probably using it in the 8th
in the old-fashioned means about you
know have a happy carefree day but
police came around and locked her door
down and arrested her we have all kinds
of crazy things going on now because
everything is now been infiltrated by
these politically correct cultural
Marxist views now I don't believe in a
you know I would never advocate any kind
of violent reaction to what's going on I
have offered people over the last 25
years that I've been in politics the
option of putting a cross on a piece of
paper because if you elect
representatives and you elect enough of
them they can change the law and they
can change the directing of a country
and that's all we ask people to do and
of course the problem with our political
system is that we have what's called
first-past-the-post system I think
that's certainly not the same thing in
America maybe you're doing in the States
sorry in in in Canada great so a
representative cannot get elected almost
little as thirty thirty five percent of
the vote 65% of the votes are wasted on
the continent they have proportional
representation systems which means that
if you're a party like mine you can
actually win seats you can actually
start to change things as we're seeing
in Italy where these so-called populist
parties have been elected while you Kipp
was very popular going back a little
while in 2015 when we got 13% vote we
got more votes and the Scottish National
Party the Liberal Democratic Party put
together and yet we got one seat and I
think they got about 60 to 64 seats in
parliament because of the way
the first-past-the-post system works so
it's very difficult to change things in
our country but they're not giving up I
think people realize that they're being
trade over the withdrawal of the
European Union and my job I have a very
good I probably got the most difficult
job in British politics which is to
rebuild the effectiveness and
credibility as a fighting force an
electoral threat and that's where I'm
going to be trying to do over the next
12 months excellent I want to touch you
a little bit more about you Kip and then
I want to talk to you about Tommy
Robinson because that's on the mind of
our viewers I just want to say I agree
with everything you just said my point
about the Americans Second Amendment is
that there's a spirit that the center of
power resides with the people not with
the rulers and and I suppose that's what
I was alluding to by no way by no neat
means what I ever suggested a violent
uprising but there's a spirit of
Independence they call it Independence
Day on their July 4th they and and I
think there's also something getting to
know Tommy Robinson over the last year
when I would visit him I also became
aware of the class strata in the UK in
Canada and the United States we just
don't have that and let me ask you a
question about that and then I want to
talk a bit about you Kip and a bit about
Tommy and I respect you're a very busy
man so thank you for this time it seems
to me that that there's a lot of I would
call them forgotten people who were
ignored by the elites you referred to
and I think a lot of them and this is
just my one-year study so you correct me
if I'm wrong a lot of them historically
have voted labour and might be labor
rights on economic matters but when it
comes to British sovereignty borders
Islam and the the political correct is
especially surrounding these rape gangs
these traditionally working-class labor
supporters are looking for someone to
stand up for them and the middle and
upper class elites aren't and that's
what's so interesting to me about Tommy
Robinson we'll talk about him in a
minute
he's a working-class football
type but I think people say shut up shut
up shut up for 20 years and so Brits
have nowhere else to go they wanted to
go to you Kipp they go to Tommy they're
desperate for someone to listen to them
and the elites are shutting them out
give me a reaction to that yeah
absolutely I mean I come from a similar
background Tommy Rob's on quite a bit
older than him I'm 64 he's 35 but I grew
up in a working-class area I come from
that background I had a you know a long
career earning a living before I got
elected to anything at the age of 50 and
I identify with those people there at
the bottom of the very often the bottom
of the economic scale they're very often
the people who work the hardest pay the
most tax and get very few benefits out
of the system but they are the people
who bear the brunt of the policies that
our political elite visit Almond now you
can't vote for Tommy Robinson because he
doesn't have a political party and when
you do vote for something different it's
very difficult for that to make a
difference as I just explained but you
did make a fantastic difference in
bringing about the referendum that was
an enormous political so you know
historic achievement to do that and
change the course of politics and the
difficult job now we have as following
it through and making sure that it
happens those people are forgotten by
that really you have a leads now here
not just in politics but in education
and law and all the professions but it
isn't even true to say that all of those
are in favor of the European Union or
the direction that we're heading in with
political correctness and the failure to
address the threat from literalist Islam
I did a TV program I was on there's a
series of three hour programs I mean
last week this week and next week and
when I came out I was in the street the
other day after one of these programs
and being broadcast and the lady came up
to me and congratulated me on it and
said you know we've got to show
everybody how awful the European Union
is we have to leave as quickly as
possible there's enormous undercurrent
there actually does cut across these
political classes as well it wouldn't be
fair to say that you know there is a
it's a completely two different Stratos
there's a lot of crossover but then a
lot of people are afraid to voice their
opinions
in modern modern britain because it can
have consequences for example I had an
exam if I can quick tell you a very
quick story we had a free freedom
demonstration and rally outside the
Downing Street in Whitehall about a
month ago which Tommy Robinson spoke I
spoke number other people spoke on the
subject of free speech a few days after
that I got a call from somebody a man
had taken his children to this rally and
then they got to school on the Monday
morning a five-year-old child had told
the teacher that they'd been to this
rally and then the teacher said that she
had to inform the police because this
thetar was in danger of radicalization
and the father was called to the school
to meet a police officer to discuss this
well they rang me to ask me if I could
help they you know the advice was don't
go to stoke turn-up get legal advice and
demand this in writing before you do
anything and I want you to put that in
the newspapers but the problem is the
family are reluctant to have their names
in the newspapers because they could be
other consequences so I think they
probably just glad that the thing has
gone away because they did these the
school and the police officer didn't
want to put these things into writing
and demand may turn up to a meeting but
this is where you are I mean this is
this is not you know you'll hear
anecdotal stories from people all the
time about things that go on but they're
very reluctant to have their names
published because this could have
consequences for them you know later on
you know that reminds me over dinner
lady what we would call a lunch lady at
a at a school in northern England who
was suspended because she went to a
rally
Tommy Robinson engaged there this
happened you know case after case after
case this kind of and I hate to say the
word police state because I don't want
people to think I'm crazy
calling the United Kingdom the mother of
Parliament's the the source of the Magna
Carta and our ordered liberty to call
the UK a police state makes you sound
crazy but that little anecdote you just
described has the hallmarks of a police
state and we have to
about him you've been we're going longer
than we thought but I want but I'm just
hanging on your every word this is so
interesting to me let me ask you a
little bit about brexit because here in
North America I think it snuck up on us
as an issue and we learned about it and
we learned about it through the the
charismatic personality of nigel farage
the former leader of you Kip who I think
his personal style and his energy at
least it looked that way from here was
quite a decisive factor I think he's
been on a well-deserved I'm not gonna
call a retirement to her but he's
certainly hanging out in North America a
lot hanging out with Donald Trump and
well-deserved is what I would say has he
disengaged from you kip do you work with
him closely at all or is he sort of in a
different circuit now as he sent me
retired and and just sort of taking a
well-deserved victory lap or what's he
up to
I think he's focus is different now
Israel I mean I'm Nigel since 1992 so I
hold for a long time we've worked
together all of these years in the same
party along with thousands of other
people Nigel was the frontman and
excellent he was at being the frontman
but there were thousands of people
behind him doing the donkey work none of
us would be where we are if it wasn't
for those ordinary members who you know
just give up their own time effort and
money freely I think what Nigel's
concentrate them now Nigel is actually
the leader of the group in the European
Parliament which puts him in the front
row of the Parliament so that when there
is a big debate he is in the front row
opposite the Commissioner mr. yeongho
etc whoever's speaking so that's very
important that he has that voice because
if nobody knew what the European
Parliament was in this country before
they started seeing the youtubes at
Nigel Nigel making these speeches and we
even got broadcast on the mainstream
news which is something that I don't
think it ever happened before it's such
a boring dull place in the you know to
start so I think Nigel is now
concentrating on on that aspect of his
work leading the group in the parliament
but also in his media work he does he is
now built built back media career which
is very important as well because that
gives him the public voice he's on the
radio in the UK
he's got his own show on LBC radio ass
pony show and I know that he does a lot
of work in the US so I thought I've got
the unglamorous job that's the not very
charismatic leader of you get to
actually you know try and pull things
around on the domestic political front
but it's all important you know whatever
we do I hope I'm not being personal or
troublemaking I do you do you have a
good rapport with Nigel is he supportive
of your efforts on in the UK itself I
think that's you know we have been
colleagues for a long time I wouldn't
say that we we are great personal
friends that wouldn't be true but you
know you don't have to be friends with
people in politics in order to work with
them I have an enormous respect for what
he's done and I think that he's
appreciated of the fact that I've
managed to make you keep survive because
we were on the edge of collapse in when
I took over in the middle of February
Nigel had gone off a year or so before
that right and when he went off after
the he decided to hand and hand over the
leadership after the referendum mmm
they came back briefly and then went
away again and we were on the edge of a
verge of financial collapse that we had
about two to four weeks and we would
have become insolvent and the party
would have disappeared so I was able to
pull that round mainly by an appeal to
our ordinary members who produced enough
money for us to keep going to function
I've now got it on an even keel and the
challenge now is to find big money for
fighting elections and to build the
membership one of the problems in
building the membership Israel goes back
to what we were talking about before is
people's kind of apathy now because they
don't feel that what they do can make a
difference and their bitch hold and they
are submissive and the challenge is to
rebuild that fighting spirit which is
something actually a telly was quite
good at yeah what's interesting mention
that and I saw Majid Nawaz who's a
progressive Muslim who has a radio show
on the same station as Nigel Faraj for
our Canadian viewers
he's similar in his approach to Islam to
our Canadian Raheel Raza
but he has a different background of
course and he said on on LBC that's the
radio station UK he said whatever else
you think of Tommy Robinson it's because
the establishment ignored these largely
Muslim rape gangs that Tommy filled the
void and whatever else you think of what
happened in Leeds on Friday it was the
fact that the establishment did not
solve a problem that Tommy was the
solution I think I think he was very
correct on that you keep itself Gerrard
kept its distance from Tommy and I
understand why Tommy has some criminal
convictions and he can be rough in his
style but you have changed that I saw an
interview that Tommy did with you I
thought it's very interesting and as you
just mentioned you spoke at Tommy's day
for freedom a few weeks ago tell me what
decision you made to change the
long-standing you you keep policy to
have arm's length from Tommy what are
your thoughts on Tommy and why why are
you doing what you're doing
because I think I started talking about
this subject back in 2006 when we had
the bombings in London you know the two
bombings of the bus bombings when lots
of people were killed 50 on people were
killed and I was then the police folks
from all security and defence and I
thought well I better find out more
about the motivations of people that
allow them to do these things so I
started researching Islam a lot more
than nothing that's been asked and the
more I learn about it the more appalled
I am by it over these years and I have
written about it I have spoken about it
didn't get a lot of high profile and I
regarded Tommy Ronson of course Tommy
was set up a thing called the EDL you're
selling the English Defence League which
wasn't really a political party it
didn't run for elections it was kind of
movement and the BBC immediately
announced that this was a far-right
organisation I'll have a look at it and
see is it really because I don't trust
the BBC and of course it wasn't a
far-right organisation it had been
created as a reaction to these Muslim
rape gangs which are prolific throughout
our country
but you would never know that through
the mainstream media they've only
recently started you know reporting on
this of course they report the
convictions of these grains when they're
when the trials are finished and then we
forget about it until the next one
but I looked into this and I think we're
not extreme right they were not hard
right everything in our media you know
in mainstream media paints people as
fascists or hard drive or Nazis if they
are not left-wing what I say now is if
you're not left-wing then you must miss
if you're not sorry if you're not
extreme left-wing then they regard you
as extreme right where I mean they
describe me as hard right and I've spent
25 years of my life in politics trying
to restore our sovereignty as an
independent democratic nation trying to
make sure that our laws were governed
than their own laws statute law and
common law that we have a democratic
government that we elect and we can sack
after the end of 4 or 5 years we don't
like them and that makes me hard right
between the eyes which some people well
I regard myself pretty kind of soft
Democrat really you know but I think I'm
astute enough to see when something is
dangerous and to want to address it and
I think Islam is very dangerous or this
is sort of my society and in fact
societies across Western Europe and in
fact I I didn't meet Tommy Robinson to
fairly recently I think it was in maybe
it was about March I think I first met
Tommy Ross I met him about three times
and I saw II want to tell you some years
ago the television being interviewed and
I thought well actually doesn't sound
like a far right you know which is what
they'd like to make me out to believe
that he is it sounds quite intelligent
quite articulate and when I've met him
he's actually quite he's very charming
he's very intelligent
he's self educated like I am and he's
not in the least bit racist
yeah but of course that isn't the image
that the mainstream media wants to go
along with it doesn't want to talk about
the underlying issues and what I've done
it throughout the years I've been
talking about Islam is to say I'm
talking about the ideology I have
nothing against individuals and Muslims
I think a lot of Muslims probably think
it's a load of old claptrap as well but
it's a cult that they live under and
they they're they're not allowed to
speak out about it or they personally
will be in trouble
with their co-religionists but they
probably think most of its rubbish as
well and you know the people in cold
sway are the the extremists and the
literalists in fact I've met I know I
was at a conference a few weeks ago in
London small conference about 50 people
who were X Muslims who decided that they
were going to either convert to another
religion or atheists couldn't live under
that religion anymore and these people
have terrible lives that they lose their
families they're ostracized they're very
often bullied and attacked in their own
communities they have to move away and
this is never reported on in the British
mainstream media they just don't want to
talk about these issues are there very
important issues my view is that a
literalist
interpretation of Islam has no place in
Western liberal society look at every
country in the world where you have
Islam in control of the politics and
they are not places the normal Western
person used to freedom's freedom of
speech free of up all the other freedoms
we enjoy it would actually want to go
and live unless they were working there
on a higher salary of course down didn't
period on how big of a place in UKIP's
policies and battles is Islam rape gangs
creeping Sharia law open borders
I mean you kept the traditional symbol
of the party is the pound symbol which
was very interesting and and it smacks
of patriotism and sovereignty it didn't
touch on Islam at all and open borders
was wasn't I don't even think it was a
big issue in the era you mentioned 1992
etc for the question and is Islam one of
10 things you keep talks about is it
half the things you keep talks about
because no one else is talking about it
is it a dominant thing for you or is it
secondary and it has to be one of the
things we talk about because most people
as they are in every country are
concerned about their prospects their
children's prospects the economy what
kind of life they're going to have
life their children got to look forward
to one of the big problems in the UK is
that is the difficulty in finding
somewhere to live house prices are
astronomically high in many places it's
very difficult to rent property at a
reasonable price and this is due to the
mass emigration one of the reasons one
of the main reasons is the massive
immigration into our country was and the
effect that that's had on the supply of
housing and I think it was the
immigration issue that may actually make
people understand what the EU was about
that we no longer govern ourselves
because we can't control our immigration
policy we have open borders to the EU
and this is a very large element of the
problem now you tell them try keep going
please sorry but in terms of how big is
all this it's not going to be the main
primary policy it has to be one of the
policies because I have to appeal and my
party has to appeal across the board to
as many people as possible and the
things on most people's minds are the
things I just discussed
what's the economy like one of their job
prospects lower their children's
prospects life and they are the things
that I've got to address but Islam is
one of those things it doesn't affect a
lot of people because they live in nice
places where they don't have the
problems or break gangs or they don't
notice them because it's not happening
to them and therefore it has to be one
of a range of issues that I talked about
but of course the funny thing is since I
got this job and I go on the TV I've had
some various TV interviews where I've
gone on there to talk about you kill
police its policies and what it wants to
do and they constantly attacked me on
Islam because they think I can't defend
myself so I ended up spending more time
talking about this than any other
subject not terribly but because they
insist on and raising the subject I have
one last question and it's been on my
mind since Friday
Tommy Robinson used to work for the
rebel I feel some fraternity for turning
him into a citizen journalist whatever
creditor blamed come to the rabble he
went independent from us earlier this
spring but we left on good terms and and
we support him morally we helped him out
last year when he got into a spot of
bother in canterbury court he had a
suspended sentence from there for
contempt of court we were
not in a position to make the legal
decisions for him this time because he
doesn't work for us yeah we support him
morally and were concerned about things
I'm concerned about a 13 month prison
sentence because in a prison if he's an
open in an open wing of the prison he's
likely to be attacked he's been attacked
before and no one can do 13 months in
solitary confinement I'm concerned about
how quickly it was from arrest to
hearing to conviction to sentencing he
didn't have access to his own lawyer he
didn't have access to a lawyer who's
expert in contempt of court matters my
own layman's view I wasn't I don't have
all the facts in front of me but what I
can read is what I can see is he didn't
actually violate the integrity of the
trial he did not stand on the precincts
of the court he did not call them
rapists he called them accused rapists
we didn't prejudge things he didn't give
any details from within the trial he was
just giving a general commentary so
there's there's about three or four
things that make me think what happened
to him procedurally was wrong the
substantive outcome of the 13 months
sentence was wrong the four-day press
gag order on top of it was wrong and I'm
deeply concerned about Tommy as a person
about the rule of law in the United
Kingdom and about the the warning that
the chill this sends to anyone else
should they wish to follow in Tommy's
footsteps those are my views and I made
them clear to all our supporters would
you like to give me your views on the
subject and what if anything you think
ought to be done now let me try be
scoops be fair on this I think toys
sound too close to the wind on this
issue of the content of core thing he
did have a suspended sentence he did go
outside the core he was accused of
potentially causing a breach of peace he
was arrested for that and the judge made
the decision that could have been a
potential breach of the peace because of
what he was doing outside and therefore
has revoked his suspended sentence and
he's now serving sentences it was a
three months suspended sentence being
given another 10 months on top of that
I think that is out of proportion to the
offense he was outside the core he was
filming and I believe he only read out
names of people who had already been
published on the BBC website for example
judge made that decision and strict
legal terms he probably that was within
his rights to do that in fact he was
within his rights to do that to actually
then rescind tommy's was suspended
sentence and enforce it but having said
that I think that Tommy Robinson has
been Spencer
sent to prison more for who he is and
what he says than his actual offence and
you're quite right from what I'm told
now the prisons are very much under the
sway of Muslim gangs and we have a
phenomenon now in prisons a court taking
the mat where non-muslim prisoners
convert to Islam in order to protect
themselves
Tommy has been attacked in prison what
one of the things that my colleague did
Malcolm Lord Pearson who's a member of
the House of Lords and the you Kip here
is immediately said that if anything
happens to Tommy if he's murdered or if
he is injured in any way then he would
take out a private prosecution against
the Home Secretary in order as an
accessory after the act and possibly for
negligence in doing his duty to protect
prisoners now that was a kind of threat
that Pierson made to know that we're on
alert
if anything happens there will be a
reaction and I think that that will
protect Tommy because of the amount not
just that but the amount of public
awareness of him they will now be you
know prepared to protect him in prison
certainly hope so if people want to
support him I believe that there is a
legal fund been set up I don't have I
can't tell you where to go on that you
google it and you probably find it but
there's I believe in you may have
started - why didn't you tell me we had
one word to take on the publication ban
but that ended within one day so we are
not currently fundraising but just just
for your own information Gerard I spoke
with Tommy's wife Jenna and other family
members and they asked us to hold off on
any fundraising until they had proper
instructions from Tommy so we have
actually not done any fundraising for
Tommy either
that publication ban matter which was
only for one day and and I understand
that that any other crowdfunding
websites
are not authorized by Tommy so that's
just a little bit of information for you
but please consider what you were saying
well I'm waiting to hear somebody who's
been in contact with him because as you
may be aware he's only allowed two
one-hour visits a month anyway so he's
probably gonna keep those for his lawyer
and his family at the moment yeah but
I'm hoping to speak to somebody who's
had a bit closer contact with with
somebody who's met him so we can find
out a bit more what it is that he
actually wants to do and what his wishes
are on the reporting restriction just
our word on that because this is it is
appropriate sometimes for a judge to
impose reporting restrictions because
not having them might prejudice the
outcome of the case but what's happened
it with these rape gangs is there they
are interconnected so you'll have a
trial of a group of men in one place and
they'll be convicted and you might find
that one of those people convicted pops
up in another trial in another place
because these these things are a network
that work together therefore the judge
will impose reporting restriction
because they're not allowed to say that
somebody already has a conviction in my
prejudice to the jury for example and
they don't want it reported on at least
but the danger here of course is this
whole thing has been subdued and not
talked about and the danger is that
reporting history the restrictions may
be imposed in order not to talk about it
so I think this is something to be very
wary of in case it's used as a tool by
the establishment to mean that we're not
properly discussing quite often now you
know at the end of a news bulletin
you'll have another rape trial in
such-and-such a place you know pictures
of ten or twenty men will be published
that will be that it'll be in the paper
the next day and we'll forget all
but this is a phenomenon that's been
going on now for 30 40 years it's been
growing and it's getting worse and if
you read the accounts of what's happened
to some of these girls and they are
little girls I mean you know they're
nine year olds 10 year olds 11 year olds
that have been subjected to this and
it's horrific some of the things have
gone on it isn't it isn't even
run-of-the-mill pedophilia
it's sadism yeah it's absolutely sadism
of what's happening to these little
girls and our establishment is terrified
they were actually confronting the
problem because very often the police
have been negligent in doing their duty
the authorities in the local councils
who have a duty to look after the
children because a lot of these girls
actually were in children's homes
because they already had problem lives
anyway and they haven't done their duty
and the court you know haven't done
their duty either there should be
exemplary sentences for these people
there was a forward we have a double
standard here this is the problem with
political correctness you have different
rules for different people you've had
Tommy Robinson break a an order of the
core he's in contempt of court and he
gets there two months we had a case last
week of mullah sorry an imam a Muslim
Imam who had been sexually assaulting
girls in his class when he's supposed to
be teaching them the Quran and the judge
didn't send him to prison because he
said he has six children his wife
doesn't speak English so therefore he
can't go to prison because his wife
would suffer too much so I don't know
who you would think committed the worst
offense there I know what I think and
yet someone is spared prison and someone
else gets a very long sentence for a
technical bridge order well this was
terrifying every time I visited the UK
with Tommy I would come back with horror
stories like that stories and things I
would observe personally and I would
always come back depressed that the
United Kingdom of 2018 was not the ones
that we learned about here in Canada the
United Kingdom of Shakespeare and
Churchill and and freedom and rule of
law and a man's home is his castle and
all the things
look the UK has given to the world I
find it deeply depressing but I I'm glad
you're where you are at Jorge journalist
that's a quick word on that if you don't
mind if I said we were we were a country
with a fighting spirit we've preserved
our freedom throughout history through
every time we were attacked by the
Spanish the French the Germans we had a
fighting spirit to protect ourselves but
we were also a country as you rightly
said that established parliamentary
democracy the rule of law and we were a
very tolerant country many people have
come into our country and been absorbed
but what's happened over the last 30 40
50 years is that we our identity as
English and British has been suppressed
it's something we're supposed to be
ashamed of we're supposed to roll over
and let anybody come and do whatever
they like and if you say anything about
it you're accused of being far-right
Nancy or racist that's absolute rubbish
what I would like to do at least play a
part in doing this going forward in the
same way I've played a part in the
referendum campaign in achieving that is
to play a part in a process where
British people start to get their
self-respect and their pride back and
restore those things that we were famous
for our all of law our tolerance but
also our fighting spirit not literally
fighting anybody but fighting against
those things that would destroy us and
we must restore our country otherwise
we're finished and you can see this
across Europe and I'm just sorry I know
I'm going on a bit I'd like to say
something
the term have you seen this term
populist parties is used as an insult
now a pejorative term across Europe
anybody that actually says you know we
should actually look out for our own
country and defend their own interest is
called populist as an insult
well hang on a minute aren't politicians
supposed to be popular I thought that's
how you got elected you had policies
that were popular the electorate they
voted for you but under our skewed
upside-down system now the people who
run our countries across Europe the
political elite know that what they're
doing is grossly unpopular and therefore
if you want to do something that the
people want you are a populist and there
must be something wrong with you it's an
inverted
you know perverted system that we're now
living under and I hope I can play a
small part in changing that well I hope
so to our very much
enjoyed our conversation today I had
suggested only ten minutes but I
couldn't stop asking questions and
listening to your very thoughtful
answers it's been a pleasure to meet you
I I feel like the UK party is in good
hands with you and I look forward to
your successes and frankly I'm proud of
you Kip for taking the stand that it has
on Tommy and I think you have a balanced
view and I hope we can keep in touch in
the months ahead
thanks a lot any time I'm happy to talk
to you if you if you lost me that's
great I'll take you up on that and we
have some other Brits who are with the
rebel to Jack buck be Katie Hopkins
we've got some we've got more than one
troublemaker on our team but I think
that you're a bit of a troublemaker in
your own way too in a good way and
hopefully we can shed some light on
these important issues thanks so much
for your time today yeah welcome thank
you Mike what a pleasure - that's Gerard
batten he is the member of the European
Parliament for London he's the leader of
the UK Independence Party also called
you Kip stay with us Moorehead on the
rebel
well that's our show for today
normally we keep these shows behind a
paywall but I think this one was special
and I want to put it on YouTube so
everyone can see it not just subscribers
to the Ezra lavance show and I think we
got to send it around to our viewers in
the United Kingdom not just to show who
Jared baton is but to show that there is
some political support for Tommy
Robinson even though most politicians
are hiding under their desks well that's
it for today from rebel world
headquarters here in Canada to you at
home good night and keep fighting for
freedom
