faith groups in Canada have just dodged
a bullet many didn't even know had been
fired at them today I'm going to tell
you about a very important Supreme Court
of Canada decision that protects
religious freedom a Jehovah's Witness
congregation in Calgary has just won a
major legal victory a member of the
Highwood congregation of Jehovah's
Witnesses named Randy wall had been
excommunicated by his Jehovah's Witness
church review panel way back in 2014
after his congregation determined that
he was not sufficiently repentant or
sorry for having been drunk and verbally
abusive to his wife now because wall had
been turfed from his church the entire
congregation refused to do business with
him or for that matter even speak with
him while testified that this caused a
50 percent drop in his real estate
business so wall dragged his
congregation to court to ask the court
to decide that the Jehovah's Witnesses
had terminated mr. walls membership
illegally and unfairly at first the
Alberta Court of Queen's Bench ruled
that it did indeed have the jurisdiction
to interfere with the Highwood
congregations decision to terminate mr.
walls membership as a Jehovah's Witness
so a Highwood congregation appealed to
the Supreme Court of Canada and just
today the Supreme Court overturned the
lower court's decision and affirmed that
the Jehovah's Witnesses have the right
to determine who is and who isn't a part
of their church which really affirms the
right all of us have to determine who is
a part of our voluntary associations
this is great news now this is directly
from case law cited in the Supreme Court
decision secular judicial determinations
of theological or religious disputes or
of contentious matters of religious
doctrine unjustifiably entangled a court
in the affairs of religion in the end
religious groups are free to determine
their own membership and rules courts
will not intervene
such matters save where it is necessary
to resolve an underlying legal dispute
as someone who doesn't want the
government to decide who gets to be part
of my religion
praise Jesus and everybody else out
there who doesn't want the government to
force you to associate with people you
don't want to against your will
well you should be celebrating this
decision today too this decision is a
very very important because have this
gone the other way the decision could
have erased the important distinctions
between religious denominations
basically making everybody have the same
rules for membership and the same rules
for excommunication in this decision had
it went in mr. walz favor could have put
the state in charge of what is said from
our pulpits and the dogma by which we
judge ourselves inside of our own
churches and you know with Trudeau in
charge of the country I'd have a lesbian
pro-choice Catholic priest in my parish
before Easter and I know right now if I
wanted that sort of thing I could find
it I could just affiliate myself at the
United Church of Canada but that's why
this legal challenge was unnecessary in
the first place we have freedom of
religion that permits us a choice if you
don't like the rules of one church or if
you can't follow those rules you can
just find a church that sits you don't
expect the government to change the
church to meet your ideas of what that
church should look like and
unfortunately for mr. wall while it
might have been smart financially
speaking to build his business model
around the captive audience of his
fellow JW congregants he certainly is
not entitled to their business and they
don't have to use a realtor that they
think is an immoral kind of guy I've got
some harsh words for mr. wall I don't
know if mr. wall has done what he is
said to have done to his wife although
he did admit it
to the review panel and his former
church said he did it
consequences were meted out here and
this isn't about the Jehovah's Witnesses
or if you like them or not this is about
something much bigger than that what
kind of selfish individual invites the
state to resolve ecclesiastical matters
especially in a way that could set legal
precedent for the state to continue to
meddle in the affairs of religious
institutions going forward mr. wall
through his very selfish legal challenge
put in jeopardy the religious freedom
and freedom of association of every
single religious institution in the
entire country when he filed this
ridiculous case the answer not just for
religious people and for religious
institutions but for literally everybody
is less government involvement and never
more involvement if we like our lives if
we want to keep our religions the way we
like them we need to keep the government
way the heck out of them the last thing
we should do is go around demanding the
government dictate our dogma and as far
as mr. wall is concerned I suspect his
congregation was right about him all
along
for the raveled media I'm Sheila Gunn
read what you just said there is my
daily video here at the rebel but did
you know that I also have my own weekly
full-length show it's aptly called the
gun show where we discuss issues just
like this about government overreach
into our families and into our faiths
but to get access to my show you've got
to become a rebel subscriber today
you
