so who's gonna take one for the team and
kill Cavanaugh
well spooky spam the Internet tough guy
who doesn't seem to know the difference
between who's and who's is apparently a
Minnesota special education teacher
let's take a look
let me introduce you to Samantha Nath's
who up until recently was a special
education teacher at independent school
district 917 in Rosemount Minnesota
now I signed on to twitter.com and there
seemed to be only a few photos available
of Miss ness
here are a couple presumably before and
after she got infected with social
justice
now Samantha's school placed her on
leave after her post asking so who's
going to take one for the team and kill
Cavanaugh went viral and the FBI
launched an investigation but the
teacher resigned before the
investigation concluded superintendent
mark Susak said the actions of the
employee did not occur at school and
there were no school devices equipment
or other school staff involved in the
actions at no time were students or
staff in danger okay but that's not
really the point now is it mark she
wasn't soliciting Twitter followers to
kill her students and let's be honest
there's a good chance that in her mind
she was just joking around and didn't
actually intend to incite violence
against justice Cavanaugh but here's the
question we should be asking at what
point do tweets impair someone's ability
to do their job Samantha could be a fan
of aunt Eva and believed that violence
is a perfectly fine way to express
disagreement her tweet could mean that
she's teaching this ideology to her
special ed class which she might operate
like University of Pennsylvania TAS
definitely mckillip you know the one who
said I will always call my black women
students first other POC gets second
tier priority white women come next and
if I have two white men now I'm pretty
sure that any sane person would agree
that someone practicing that little
teaching method should be fired but the
tricky part is determining which
educators who are just joking around
as I'm sure Samantha would argue she was
should also be terminated the left has
launched entire campaign
and social media lynch mobs devoted to
getting people fired for harmless jokes
and ones that definitely don't incite
violence sometimes I feel like it's
either stooped to their level
or suffer defeat in the culture war it's
all about Saul Alinsky for campus
unmasked I'm Rob Jim Shaw if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
