you
I'm as for levan it's May 31st and
you're watching battleground
welcome to battleground my name is as
Fluvanna and the president of the rebel
dot media were based in Canada but we
have viewers around the world
the United States Australia and the UK
where for about a year Tommie Robinson
himself was our lead reporter we have
other talents in the UK as well
including Jack buck B and Katie Hopkins
joined us in January Tommy left us
earlier this year it was an amicable in
the ways Tommy's an independent minded
person I think you can detect that but
we still follow him with great interest
and I was troubled deeply by the events
of Friday where within a course of short
hours
he was arrested taken to a drumhead
trial not given a chance to speak to his
own lawyers given a public defender and
in a minutes-long hearing an angry judge
condemned him for contempt of court and
sentenced him to a 13-month sentence in
the Royal sorry Her Majesty's Prison in
Hull outside of Leeds the whole matter
took a few hours and I would never say
it was a kidnapping because it's the
United Kingdom and that's crazy talk
right well if it happened in Venezuela
if some political citizen journalists
were picked up outside a court for doing
journalism and five hours later were
sentenced to prison for 13 months we
would say it was a political prisoner we
would say we would probably say it was a
kidnapping it's too much it's too much
to say that in the UK I think just a
reminder I know we've been showing it
all week but I'll just show it once just
a reminder of Tommy Robinson on the
street outside the courthouse in Leeds
and I want to say something because I
think there's been a false report fake
news there's been people who said tommy
was discussing the details of the case
that was being heard inside the court at
that moment that is not true it is true
that Tommy recited the names of the 29
accused or at least some of them that is
true
but he was merely reading from a
publication on the BBC the state
broadcaster Tommy was not discussing
evidence in court he was not because he
had not been in court and did not
purport to know what was being said
inside those who say Tommy deserves to
be sentenced for contempt of court those
who say he was risking the integrity of
the trial are factually wrong if you
watch the 70 minute livestream that
Tommy was doing outside the court he did
not refer to what was being said in the
court he talked in general about the
political and religious and criminal and
police ramifications of the
industrial-scale rapings in the United
Kingdom but he did not say anything that
to my ears came even close to
jeopardizing the integrity of the case
so it's important if you hear people
saying Tommy was jeopardizing the trial
it wasn't about Tommy it was about the
trial push back ask them what did Tommy
say that jeopardized the trial they do
not have an answer because he said
nothing and more to the point the judge
who condemned Tommy to 13 months in
prison did not even review it just
because we have an hour to talk and I
want to show people who have not joined
us earlier this week let us show just
for a minute or so the video of the
moment Tommy was arrested again if this
was in Venezuela you would call this a
kidnapping if this was done in one of
the banana republic regimes in Central
America if this were done by Vladimir
Putin to a citizen journalist who was
irritating the government in Moscow you
would call this a kidnapping would you
not let's take a look at that yeah
I used to explain University's mission
to reach the peak what does that mean no
question similar what's that mean
this is this is my mother and there was
the last moment tommy was ever seen free
it's funny sometimes when you don't know
meeting someone that will be the last
time you see them I mean I hope to see
Tommy again but it's terrifying to me
that he will spend 13 months in prison
if his sentence is not set aside and
reviewed I think it ought to be what are
we doing we're doing what we call a
super chat that's the term that YouTube
gives for a livestream chat with
comments in real time on the side the
chat is the comments you can type in as
you can see it's free to do and there's
hundreds of chatty comments as it is but
to make it a super chat if you chip in a
couple of bucks your comment is put in a
bright highlighted color and in some
cases it spins to the top and if you're
wondering where that money goes well
thankfully it comes to us as the
publisher Google pays us it in the form
of read an ad payment and we use it to
help cover our costs so thank you to
Pete Anderson who chipped in nine
dollars and ninety nine cents thank you
for that if you have a comment Pete you
can append that to your super chat and I
will read it but let me tell you what
we're gonna do today on Monday we went
over the case we gave the details of the
case because our friends in the United
Kingdom were still subject to a
publication ban we here in North America
went on on Tuesday we talked to more
about more details including the fact of
the publication ban had been lifted
we had instructed a lawyer named Daniel
Burke who had worked with us and Tommy
before he was the lawyer we retained for
Chelsea right the young woman from
Sunderland who was targeted by a
predator on Wednesday and we talked
about other matters including about the
precedents for contempt of court I
showed you a variety of cases taken
directly from the court website in the
United Kingdom showing how other people
in the United Kingdom when they break
court orders either have no custodial
sentence whatsoever I showed you the
case of someone named Jake cook from
Salus burry who broke the law three
times he broke bail he broke an order he
did an original offense and the judge
said well you're a good egg and you say
you're getting your life back on track
because you're going to the music
business so no custodial sentence
and perhaps more a more appropriate
comparison is the case of George
Galloway versus former female assistant
Aishah Ali Khan the two of them are
embroiled in civil litigation or
criminal litigation and a court imposed
not one but two orders against miss Ali
can not to talk about things in public
and she breached those orders not one
time but 26 times she went to court she
was given time to have lawyers come with
her and she did get a custodial sentence
she was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison
which is not nothing but breaking not
one but two court orders 26 times got I
shall II can just 12 weeks in prison
where's Tommy Robinson is now being sent
there for 13 months so that's what we've
talked about so far this week but today
finally Nigel Farage the former leader
of the UK party and the great champion
of brexit today he weighed in on the
Tommy Robinson matter on his show on LBC
which is a leading radio show in the UK
it's a talk show I'm going to show you
the full clip that he uploaded to the
internet today I saw it on Twitter and
then I got to break it into three
different parts and we'll talk about it
but first I see a couple more super
chats so let me just read them someone
with the fun nickname oh there was a
french toast nickname Oh
french toast mafia hey that's that's an
organized crime group I'd like to join
french toast mafia I don't know what
that means but it sounds delicious that
looks like they're from Australia if I'm
reading that right says I would
understand if he had genuinely
jeopardized the verdict however I don't
think he did do you agree why do you
think this happened well as we discussed
yesterday contempt of court does not
require that you broke the integrity of
a trial it just requires that you could
have and
that's what the judge said the judge did
not say it disrupted the trial said
could I put it in jeopardy and thus he
was sentencing Tommy my objections I'm
not going to go into them in detail now
because we covered them very well this
week is that he was this was done so
quickly he didn't have a chance to talk
to his own lawyer or an expert lawyer
and I assert again that what Tony
actually said for 70 minutes in his
livestream that was the subject of that
arrest you saw did not actually talk
about what was going on in the court it
didn't it just didn't Tommy didn't know
what was going on in the court he was
talking in generalities it was like he
was giving a political speech it's
outrageous
I saw another super chat come in let me
find it yet here it is from soem Roy
save Tommy free Tommy support from India
well thank you very much it's nice to
have support from India and I I guess
that symbol is a rupee if I recall the
name of the Indian currency that's very
nice for you to chip in thank you so I'm
Tommy his supporters around the world
what's so interesting in my visits with
Tommy in the UK is to see how
multiracial Tommy's support is he has a
friend named Mohan Singh I don't know if
we can call up a picture of that Hannah
or just I don't know if you know I don't
know if you've ever met him he's an
incredible fellow who's obviously Sikh
as the name suggests and he walks around
with a sword and flowing robes he's
quite something to behold and he is I
don't know if it's a full-time job but
he is on the warpath against Muslim rape
gangs because as you may know although
the primary target of Muslim rankings is
white British girls they also target
Sikh girls did you know that and Mohan
Singh has become an ally of Tommy in
this regard in fact we should try and
track down Mohan Singh I know that's a
common name henna so if you can't find
it that's fine but it's a tease an
incredible man so it's not surprising to
me to hear that Tommy has friends in
India tommy has friends of every
background
Tommy has many Muslim friends you should
no Tommy repeatedly says it as heerd
velders does also his quarrel is not
with Muslims his quarrel is with Islam
the ideology I think I see a new super
chat W McMaster says the judge even
admitted he hadn't seen the entire
livestream exactly what was he too busy
was he too rushed he's about to send
someone away to prison for 13 months and
he couldn't spend he couldn't spare an
hour to actually look at the evidence
the substance upon which he was
purportedly sentencing Tommy that's
outrageous to me but another comment by
heavy cat 84 five pounds thank you since
when has it been racist to disagree with
someone's faith in religion that's all
Tommy does I disagree with all religions
does this make me racist
well you must understand that the word
racist has been hijacked and it now
means basically shut up shut up he
explained is a joke
racist he explained well that's becoming
a joke and it's too bad because I think
we ought to condemn racism which is
judging people on the irrelevant
characteristics like their melanin I
don't think that's an appropriate reason
to judge someone I would rather judge
someone as Martin Luther King said by
the content of their character rather
than the color of their skin Islam is
not a skin color there are Muslims of
every race and in fact as Tommy has
pointed out a great number of Muslims in
prison are converts they convert to save
their to save themselves in prison it's
you convert to Islam just in in other
pretty in North America for example
where I'm more familiar you go to prison
sometimes you join a gang for protection
sometimes those gangs are based on
ethnicity it's true in the UK you join a
gang for protection that gang is based
on religion if you become Muslim if you
convert to Islam in the prison you will
be protected by the biggest gang in the
prison that's why there's so many
conference in prison I have one more
super chat here that I missed that my
producers just emailed it's me Tom young
John
$2 says Revolutionary War in the UK I
hope not
I hope there will be no Revolutionary
War because the UK is free or should be
free it just needs to assert its
freedoms the Revolutionary War that is
actually going on in the UK is that she
had by those who wish to overturn its
liberal democracy in fact it's democracy
at all if you understand what Sharia law
is is the bill it's the concept of the
caliphate that should dominate which is
they don't believe in nation states
ruled by man's law they believe in a
theocracy ruled by allah's law alright
enough preamble it's already 12:15 and I
haven't showed you what I want to show
you today which is Nigel for Rajas
comments on LBC I also should tell you
that just by coincidence today I
interviewed Gerard batten he's the
member of the European Parliament for
London and he is the leader of the UK
party see Nigel Farraj was the leader of
you Kipp for so many years and he was
such a charismatic figure and he's got
that enormous grin and he loves that be
photographed holding a pint of beer
outside a traditional British pub is
just he was the perfect man for the
times wasn't he was such a great leader
of you kept and he was successful in
brexit and then he did a victory lap
he's in semi-retirement he's still
active of course in the European
Parliament where he gives great speeches
the other day he was grilling Facebook's
CEO Mark Zuckerberg very effectively we
see Nigel Farage on this side of the
Atlantic he loves going to New York and
Washington DC because he's chummy with
Donald Trump and I think it's wonderful
I think it's it's great they have a
similar spirit they're both sort of
troublemakers they're both outsiders and
in a way the Trump train was the
American equivalent of the brexit mm-hmm
so there's they're they're in sync with
each other I see one more super channel
just read it before I show you the
knives of frost clips Stewart Oldfield
says you can almost smell the fear of
our government they can't understand how
to regain their criminal control well
that's the thing is the cone of silence
that was placed over that court
one of the things that's most troubling
to me about Tommy's live stream is that
there's no one else there there's no
other reporters there you have a trial
it was in Leeds the case in question was
I think in Huddersfield twenty-nine
people in this rape gang 27 men two
women who colluded for years to rape
children I want to be clear we're
talking about raping kids and this trial
is young as 11 raping kids again and
again again again and again again
where was the other media where was the
other media that's why they had to shut
up Tommy he is the one leaked here he's
the one guy telling this story I was
very proud to work with him when we said
the rabble and I admire his work as an
independent so Nigel Faraj weighed in on
the subject after having stayed solid
for a while and I can understand him
staying silent for two reasons first of
all for reasons of political sensitivity
and second well because in fact until
Tuesday the matter was subject to a
legal publication man in the United
Kingdom that banners down lifted and
Nigel Faraj had this to say I think he
had more comments to say but this is
what I could find online Justin when you
please play the entire clip that Nigel
uploaded to the internet earlier today
Toby Robinson has been jailed for 30
months for contempt of court and so many
people this is absolute proof that we're
moving into a police state that
something truly awful is happening well
you've got half a point folks but only
half a one let's be clear Tommy Robinson
was under a court order not to interfere
with the judicial process in any way at
all he chose for reasons of self
publicity and not to benefit anything
that would help Society he chose
wilfully to breach that he was warmed
that he was in breach of that decided to
continue frankly the judge had almost no
choice but to give him a jail sentence
so I think Robinson frankly was out
there asking for trouble
and I don't think it was a very bright
thing to do now against that and let me
just say that there does appear to be a
very strong desire and willingness
amongst much of the police in our
judiciary to clamp down on people who
make certain criticisms in society and
we are not dealing here with a level
playing field the whole point about
religious freedom and tolerance is we
should all be able to criticize
and even mock each other and I do worry
that we're moving into a position where
you can criticize some groups in society
but not criticize others and I think for
those of you who see Robinson as a hero
well okay maybe he does stand up for his
point of view but believe you me his
imprisonment in this case is not heroic
in any way at all and that of course
will surprise some of you but every just
say this finally the fact we weren't
allowed to talk about this for several
days because of reporting restrictions
is just a nonsense because the internet
has been awash with it and the reason is
the legislation covering reporting
restrictions came in in 1982 when well
hardly anybody even had a computer Tommy
Robinson there you have it that was the
clip of Nigel Faraj on LBC one of the
large talk radio stations in the UK some
interesting people on that channel Katie
Hopkins used to have a show there now
she's with us here in the rebel
Maajid Nawaz had an interesting comment
yesterday and by the way Justin and
Hannah let's get that clip from Majid
Nawaz and we'll show it on tomorrow's
show cuz he had some great actually if
you can find it I'd like to show it
today Maajid Nawaz is the head of the
Quilliam organization which purports to
be a progressive liberal
group of Muslims that I find them
convincing from what I've seen I don't
know them as well as Tommy does Tommy
actually worked with them a little bit
but from what I see I like what they're
doing and we'll see if we can get that
clip of magic Nawaz will show it today
and if not so we'll show it tomorrow I
want to dig into Nigel Faraj in a second
but first I just want to read some of
the super chats how does super chat work
it makes your comments stand out as you
can see we have hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of comments coming by I
just can't read them all I can't even
look at them all but when you chip in a
few bucks which goes to our costs here
are costs of our staff and our equipment
it puts your comments in highlight so
for example mark D'Andrea chipped in
$4.99 and said how is it safer in the
ecuadorian embassy over the UK it's in
that that's a very clever point that's a
very good point isn't it what is
happening in the UK to civil liberties
and to journalism I have my
disagreements with Julian Assange I felt
that his leaking of confidential US
military secrets during the American war
in Iraq jeopardized
for example Iraqis who were supporting
the liberation against the dam it
released their names their locations it
released confidential information about
how the Allies were defeating IEDs
I had deep deep concerns about Julian
assigns and what he did there but in
more recent years he has done what I
would call journalism journalism but did
not jeopardize national security in that
same manner the fact that he has been
holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy for
years is is something that I think we
ought to talk about more I'm not
completely resolved on the matter but
you raised a very good point
for Britain chipped in five bucks five
pounds thank you very much I admire ad
Murray waters Richard Ballantine shipped
in 20 bucks thank you love the show Ezra
and David Menzies videos why are people
on the Left so easily offended do you
think their intolerance is one of the
greatest dangers to free speech I think
they're not really offended they're just
faking being offended because that's the
ultimate card to play
you know racist sexist is not a phobic
transphobic it's it just avoids an
argument so I actually think that normal
people speak normally in private but
then when they want to get into the
public square they fake being outraged
over something I think I covered off the
super chats let's get back to naija
frosh now I want to I played you the
whole clip that we had I want to break
it into three parts and I want to show
you where I think Nigel is right and
where I think he's wrong and let me say
this again
I admire Nigel frosh very much I think
he was the man of the hour for the UK I
think without him grexit would not have
happened I think he was essential to its
success it is not completely succeeded
yet of course the UK is still in the EU
and the Conservative Party is doing
everything everything they can to slow
walk and it's been two years by the way
so I admire Nigel but that doesn't mean
I can't disagree with him where I think
he's incorrect so play that we broken
the clip into three parts play the first
clip again and I'll give you my direct
comments in reaction
killed for 30 months for contempt of
court and so many people this is
absolute proof that we're moving into a
police state that something truly awful
is happening well you've got half a
point folks but only half a one let's be
clear Tommy Robinson was under a court
order not to interfere with the judicial
process in any way at all he chose for
reasons of self publicity and not to
benefit anything that would help Society
he chose wilfully to breach that he was
warned that he was in breach of that
decided to continue frankly the judge
had almost no choice but to give him a
jail sentence so I think Robinson
frankly was out there asking for trouble
and I don't think it was a very bright
thing to do
I'm sorry to disagree with Nigel Faraj
because I don't want to disagree with
Nigel Faraj he's so likable he's so
charismatic he's such a good guy he gave
Britain and the Forgotten people such a
victory two years ago then it feels
unnatural to contradict him but I feel I
must he said several things there he
said tommy was doing it for reasons of
self publicity and of no benefit to
society I disagree I disagree I know
Tommy enough that he is motivated by a
deep tragic concern for British girls
now for Britain in general and for
British principles but he is deeply
psychologically wounded by the mass rape
in his country and he takes wounds to
his countrymen as a wound to himself I
believe I can
I'm not gonna pretend I'm Tommy's best
friend I think I've met him between five
and ten times and I've talked to him on
the phone a hundred times I'm not his
friend I'm a I think I'm friendly but I
I think I got the measure of the man he
is motivated he's not motivated by money
he was doing this for free with the EDL
and then after the EDL he was with
pegida and then when he was working in
in sort of home Renaud's and doing this
on the side and that's when we said
we'll forget the home Renaud's will
cover what you whatever you earning
there will pay a dude TV all the time
some and Tommy's not motivated by
publicity Tommy can go Tommy can get on
Facebook in a second and just tell jokes
with his cousin keV and get a hundred
thousand views Tommy was at that court
because no one else was there if the BBC
was there Sky News was there if Channel
four was there
if the Times was there and the Mail
Online was there and The Spectator and
the independent the Guardian was there
Tommy wouldn't be there because it would
be no need for Tommy and they could do a
better job than Tommy because they have
hundreds of editors and journalists and
photographers
reporters tummy is there because no one
else was following the public interest
it wasn't self interest it was he was
putting himself in the gap because no
one the hell else was there don't say it
was self interest it was purely in the
public interest because nobody else
gives a damn and this is what Maajid
Nawaz said on the radio the other day is
is that Tommy did this because no one
else would and and by the way Nigel
frost says it wasn't that bright of
Tommy let me say Tommy is smart he
doesn't have a university degree that I
know of but don't confuse going to
university with being smart now was it
bright to get arrested I suppose you
could say self-evidently being arrested
for 13 months is pretty dumb but I think
confusing willingly accepting or putting
yourself at risk with being dumb courage
and folly I think are opposite sides of
the coin if you think what Tommy did was
required a noble and patriotic you call
it courageous if you don't you'll call
falling I want to disagree with one more
thing Nigel Frost said and I say this
again with admiration for Nigel Faraj
how could you not be admiring of him he
said Tommy broke the core publication
willfully that is plainly not true Tommy
was very careful he did not set foot on
court property not even on the sidewalk
and not even on the steps tommy said
alleged rapist not rapist he took such
great care only to read information that
was already in the public domain from
the BBC website to say that Tommy
willfully broke the rules is untrue I
know Tommy enough that he would not do
that Tommy knew he was in jeopardy
because of the earlier suspended
sentence and because Tommy so manifestly
was taking steps not to break the rules
in fact there's one moment in the
extended face a book livestream where he
asked someone can I stand here he's
checking for Nigel Faraj to suggest that
he was willful that's not true it's just
factually not true and that he was
warned that's not true as well who
warned him no one warned him suddenly
seven cops swarmed him you saw the
footage yourself
no benefit to society wrong wrong we've
got that magic nawaz footage and we'll
have time to play it in fact why don't
we do that now I'm going to show you the
other two parts of feroz's clip and I'm
going to go through a point by point but
I just mentioned to you in rebuttal to
Nigel Faraj saying this was self
interest in sub policy well sure Tommy
Tommy enjoys the publicity but to say
that's what motivate like he doesn't
hate it some people are camera shy
Tommy's not camera shy but to say that's
what motivates him is on true if Tommy
wants once just laughs or footage he can
do that in the hundred ways frankly
standing outside a courthouse for an
hour just killing time is not riveting
footage let's play the mudge in nowise
clip do you have it Hannah here we go
for too long in this country are we
media the establishment society the
chattering classes the liberal Lilly
whatever term you want to use have
ignored the issue of grooming gangs of
young vulnerable teenage girls who have
been victimized drugged and raped and
abused whether it's the rather encase or
all the other cases that were replicated
across the country it is both the
conclusion of the prosecutor in the
rather on case British Pakistani Muslim
Nazir Afzal or indeed the official
inquiry into why it took so long for
these young vulnerable underage girls to
get justice both of those concluded that
fears of racism prevented us from coming
to the defense of vulnerable underage
girls fears of racism meaning that the
state was scared that it would be
accused of being racist if it rightly
arrested and prosecuted British
Pakistani largely British Pakistani
Muslim men in their abuse of underage
white teenage girls and so from fear of
appearing racist there was a silence
across the country as multiple cases of
grooming gangs emerged up and down the
country as evidence now due to multiple
prosecutions successful prosecutions but
sadly and unfortunately too late if we
had an all being silent if we had all
addressed this issue head-on when it
needed to be addressed when it was time
to address it then the void would not
have emerged for the populist agitators
to fill that gap and become popular
actually as a result of addressing what
is a legitimate issue they ended up
hijacking what should have been the
concern of every right minded citizen in
this country
it goes on a little bit you can find the
whole thing online I found that
compelling and he's sympathetic to Tommy
I mean he and Tommy have disagreements
Tommy has disagreement he I mean one of
the reasons Tommy is motivated is he has
a disagreeable streak in him you can
call that stubbornness or independent
mindedness and that's why Tommy doesn't
bend the knee too many Brits bend the
knee let me read a few quick super chats
Tom young John says better to use Kaffir
than white calf area I think is the
Arabic word for infidel W McMaster
thanks for chipping in 20 bucks talk
about walking on eggshells he makes it
look natural he left out almost every
detail
I love Faraj but this was way off point
reminds me of Ben Shapiro's comments on
this willful ignorance look Knights a
Faraj for 30 years for 25 years has
fought to bring the you Kip into the
mainstream fought against things that
would marginalize them and I sensed that
he still has that instinct to avoid
unnecessary controversies because he's
controversial enough per se and I sense
that that is one of the reasons he's
reluctant to fully embrace Tommy because
Tony has prickles Tommy is a convicted
criminal on matters unrelated to
politics I think he has always been
treated unfairly by the law I think they
were trumped-up charges I think he is
harassed by the law my if you want an
example of that to prove I'm not just
making things up in his last contempt of
court case a year ago at Kent in
Canterbury they could have phoned him
they could have phoned his lawyer they
could have come by his house at 10 a.m.
after the kids were in school no they
did a 4:00 a.m. raid at his house with
four cops SWAT team style just to freak
him out and his kids out his wife out
you don't do that why are you reading
Akaka 4:00 a.m. if he's not a terrorist
you do that to get into his head and to
upset his wife and kids that's that's an
just one of a hundred examples of the
disproportion and unfair treatment Tommy
faces at the hands of the law
Ocoee mo says but Tommy did not do
anything to breach the court order did
he the imprisonment has clear political
motivations behind as far as I can see
well here's the thing
the judge didn't watch the livestream so
how would the judge know if Tommy did
something wrong Tommy may have pled
guilty and said he was sorry but what
was he sorry for we don't even know what
the substance was because it wasn't
vetted in court
Ian Baxter says dinosaur Feroz is a
letdown in this instance I'm afraid
you're right now I'm a super fan of
Nigel Farraj but that doesn't mean I
can't disagree with him just to get back
to Maajid Nawaz there went on a tangent
as I often do was 12:35 we got some time
did you hear what he said
he said we were all afraid to talk about
these industrial-scale rape gangs he
used different words and machine Nawaz
is chris brown skinned muslim so he can
say things that a white brick would be
called racist for right you can't call
my jeep nawaz racist he's got brown skin
you can't call Maajid Nawaz Islamophobic
you so much the man who runs a Muslim
think tank you could probably call him
those things anyways the far-left will
but look at how plainly he put it he
said we didn't do this and he refers to
the prosecutor and rather him who is a
Pakistani Muslim himself and said this
was ignored this was swept under the rug
everyone was afraid everyone was
colluding they would rather be called
they would rather avoid being called
racist than deal with the rapist and not
just any rapist child rapist and as you
heard him there because the
establishment did not fill the void it
fell to Tommie to fill the void so I
take issue with Nigel Ferrari saying
Tommy did it for reasons of self
publicity or and of no benefit to
society in fact that is the only reason
Tommy did it is because no one else dad
no one else did you know maybe if you
kept dead the problem would have been
rectified earlier now that wasn't you
could purpose look at it UK Independence
Party and had a very clear purpose but
where the Conservative Party even
where's the Labour Party you know it's
largely working-class girls that are
targeted where the hell's the Labour
Party they've been colonized alright so
we played the first clip from Nigel
Faraj we played a clip by Maajid Nawaz
that I thought was excellent would you
not agree with me that was an impressive
statement by Maajid Nawaz I'm impressed
by it
okay let's play the second element from
I've shown you the whole Nigel Faraj
clip I've broken into three parts
because I want to address a point by
point let's play clip number two of
Nigel Faraj against that and let me just
say that there does appear to be a very
strong desire and willingness amongst
much of the police in our judiciary to
clamp down on people who make certain
criticisms in society and we are not
dealing here
with a level playing field the whole
point about religious freedom and
tolerance is we should all be able to
criticize and even mock each other and I
do worry that we're moving into a
position where you can criticize
subgroups in society but not criticize
others and I think for those of you who
see Robinson as a hero well okay maybe
he does stand up for his point of view
but believe you me his imprisonment in
this case is not heroic in any way at
all and that of course will surprise
some of you well you heard him at the
end there that of course will surprise
some of you I think I'm detecting in our
comments stream it does surprise people
let me read a couple more super chairs
just by the way what is super chat it
makes your comments stand out there's
hundreds of comments if you want yours
to stand out in a bright color and be
brought to my attention chip in a few
bucks where does the money go it helps
pay the bills here at the rebel we have
no government support unlike the BBC or
the CBC in our country we're not a state
broadcaster where 100% of you were
supported a couple super Chester Prairie
farm girl chipped in ten bucks Thank You
Tommy is very courageous and is shining
a light on great evil absolutely
absolutely
Blair Anton five dollars thank you in an
attempt to be seen as one of the most
tolerant countries in the world the UK
is quickly becoming one of the most
intolerant yeah it's funny you put it
that way I think you're exactly right it
reminds me a little bit of Sweden
because if there's a place more
progressive than the UK it's got to be
Sweden right Sweden is even more is
llama fight than the UK and they're
bending over so far backwards their
spine is shattered a couple more Super
chats amber Powell $2 you can disagree
with Nigel he's wrong here
yeah and I'm disagreeing with him polite
filet and politely and respectfully
because I I admire him so much and he
will always be a hero for brexit that
doesn't mean he's right on this one mark
Chamberlain five pounds when freedom
fails the best men rot in filthy jails
and those that cry appeased appeased are
hung by those they tried to please it's
I think there's a lot of accuracy there
okay back to what Nigel said he said
there's a tendency upon among the police
and the judiciary to narrow the scope of
discussion especially about talking
about religious matters yes he's right
but remember what I said I'm not sure if
I mentioned it today eye blurring it
with the other day I know I've mentioned
it this week Daniel Pipes who's the
president of the Middle East forum has a
list of establishment power centers that
all by coincidence start with the letter
P so he calls them the 5p professionals
it's a good way to remember it right the
police
okay Nigel refer to them the prosecution
Nigel said the judiciary but there's
three more peas right the press right
and Nigel is the press and because
you're on LBC the politicians knives was
a politician and then dr. pipes adds the
professors and he also sometimes adds
the priests by which he means any
religious leader so look at what Nigel's
done he has accurately diagnosed a
problem in two of the five peace police
and prosecutors yeah but you only
detected two fifths of the problem
didn't you what about the press where
are they I noticed that they condemned
Tommy in any pejorative sense they can
to try and undermine the message they
attack the messenger to undermine the
message they always say ex EDL leader by
what possible stretch is that relevant
to these matters today other than
they're trying to prejudice the viewers
against them politicians tell me a
courageous sitting MP
who stands with Tommy there's very few
I'll refer to Girard baton in a minute
he's the new leader of you kid and then
of course professors
Nigel acknowledges that Tommy does stand
up for his views but says that's not
heroic well actually I think that is the
literal Greek definition of a hero
someone who champions a hero doesn't
always win but a hero champions his
beliefs it was heroic what Tommy did you
can disagree with that but to sacrifice
13 months in prison for your beliefs
that's actually sort of dictionary
definition of heroic let's play the
third clip from Nyjah frosh
the fact we weren't allowed to talk
about this for several days because of
reporting restrictions is just a
nonsense
because the Internet has been awash with
it and the reason is the legislation
covering reporting restrictions came in
in 1982 when well hardly anybody even
had a computer well that's right of
course
censoring things in 2018 is practically
almost impossible but that's beside the
point let's say it was practically
possible to have a publication ban let's
say you could do it technologically
that's not the reason we oppose
censorship because it's unfeasible we
oppose censorship because it's morally
wrong not just because it's
technologically almost impossible and
the same instinct that makes censorship
so prolific in the UK is the same
instinct that makes the other piece so
wrong on this
let's check the time it's 1243 time
flies but I wanted to cover those things
what do you think do you agree with me
the Nigel Faraj the great hero that he
is and the great friend to America by
the way I've met him in Canada by the
way too tonight refers to us come to
Canada in fact I first met him when he
teamed up with mark Stein in the debate
about migrants at the Munk debates here
in Toronto he's very personable he's
such a personal look I ain't gotta like
Nigel and that personality was an
important reason the brexit one
doesn't mean he's right on this issue I
wouldn't say he's wrong
I'd say he's half right half wrong and I
think it's a vestige of his ultra
caution at you kept where he didn't want
you kept to be associated with ruffians
he didn't want them to have the same rap
that the EDL or the what's that called
the Britain first or the British
National pie I forget all the names in
these parties that are called far-right
hard right
Nyjah was trying to avoid that and I can
understand why but we can talk plainly
now Kent Wayne and that magic nawaz
video I hope you'll agree with me that
it was good let me check with the team
never miss some I missed some super
chance okay let me just see if I can
catch up in the super chest here we go
Jason Derek capitals are Vegas nights
for the cup you know what you are asking
the wrong guy I follow politics like a
sports team not sports teams like sports
teams I am gonna go with Vegas just cuz
why not a Cinderella story
you know I mean good for them and you're
playing ice hockey in the middle of the
desert how can he not root for that
right w McMaster the Muppet beaker
Trudeau wink I don't quite get that but
appreciate your support and again from w
master Tommy leaving ETL says it all
what's what is the story
I first met Tommy in the UK right after
the Westminster Bridge terror attack
Tommy had been working with us before
then and he did an incredible video on
Westminster Bridge in fact Hannah can we
scare up that video from Tommy
Westminster Bridge just wouldn't mind
showing people just when Tommy was
really given it to these other reporters
said Wilkie up that video this was the
breakthrough video for Tommy with us
Tommy's had a career before us he joined
us and this video and took off like a
rocket anyways shortly after Tommy
speaking truth to power in the
Westminster Bridge I flew to the UK so I
got to meet this guy Tommy and I
deliberately chose a hotel as close to
the Westminster Bridge as possible I
wanted to to go to the bridge and see it
and
and
so I met Tommy at my hotel which was
right across from Westminster Bridge and
Tommy brought a friend okay he was a
friend I didn't invite a friend I didn't
know he's bringing a friend but he
brought his friend his best friend since
grade school happens to be a black man
now why do I tell you that it's utterly
irrelevant to every single thing isn't
it so what he's black so what well all
these liars in the mainstream media who
tell you Tommy's a racist a racist a
literally his best friend who he trusts
with everything and Tommy for good
reason
doesn't trust strangers quickly there's
so many people trying to scam him or
infiltrate right don't tell me Tommy's
racist I've seen him and his best friend
for 25 years and one of the reasons
Tommy left the EDI was because it was
getting a tinge of racism to that he
could no longer support just for old
times sake and to remind you of Tommy's
outstanding comments on westminster
bridge literally minutes after the
terrorist attack there here's a clip
won't we play but well just play this in
all else signal when we've heard enough
things this isn't a shock to me I don't
understand who people who were surprised
by this we've had 12 suspected terrorist
attacks planned last year if they would
have been successful you'd have seen
shopping centers you'd have seen
aeroplanes u2c nightclubs you'd have
seen a war zone on our street similar to
this every single month then and only
then might people realize we are at war
we're in war already we have over 3,000
Muslims who are monitored 24 hours a day
seven days a week every week across to
nine billion pound a year yeah we're
following them waiting for them to do
this we have had 450 Isis fighters been
allowed to return to our country they've
gone on for four Isis they've been in
training camps they've been beheading
people they've been raping people and
they're walking the streets of our
capital see they're living with us our
government have failed us don't come out
and act all strong on this hi I'm
Secretary Theresa May because you
haven't been strong
you've been week you've show cowardice
okay because my head is not at my ass
yeah my head is not in my ass this is an
Islamic Jihad attack
the man that done this would have even
been radicalized in a prison or he would
have been radicalized on the streets of
the UK with full knowledge of our
government and our security services
they will know who he is yeah mate I
have information that shows that was
four terrorist attacks last week in
France four in France there was 12
planned last year driving your car like
this man has done is exactly what the
inspire magazine which is al-qaeda's
magazine which was downloaded by 50,000
British Muslims last year 50,000 priests
Muslim downloaded a terrorist menu in
our country 50,000 not 10 not 20 50,000
people who want to see exactly what you
see there that's what they want they
want war they want death they want
destruction and we keep on pandering
like you would like you just come out to
me saying he's got nothing to do with
Islam it's quite a thing to do this is
really the reality is this is a war
these people are waging war on us for
for time this has gone on for 1400 years
this is nothing new and the whole time
while this goes goes on police leaders
or political leaders want to invite more
they want to invite more the blood is on
the hands of people like you and I saw
that video I was obviously cuz you could
see that was our video that we did with
Tommy I saw that video and in that
moment I knew that Tommy was of national
importance and I'm in Canada I knew he
was of international importance
I knew the warnings that he was saying
from outs he was standing right there at
Parliament because Westminster Bridge it
comes across the Thames and it comes
from Parliament's right on the river
he's standing right there in the heart
of London and he's shouting at the world
wake up and did you see the smirking the
other journalist Kyle how do you know
it's a terrorist attack well what the
hell do you think it was and and not
only did I love his passion and his
courage to lean into the wind not back
not to be cowered in silence by the
mainstream media did you see him
download those facts boom boom boom boom
how many plots were foiled how many
people downloaded the al Qaeda manual in
the UK he
and that's when I thought look how
articulate he is look how passionate he
is
look how factual he is he's the
indispensable man I'm s when we said
tummy what are you doing for a living
what are you doing since you left the
EDL you don't have home rentals or
whatever stopped you got to be a rebel
you got to get into journalism and so
then I came to the UK and I stayed in
the hotel just across the river and I
met Tommy
and I'm telling you this story because
it was a long tangent but I'm sure
you'll appreciate watching that video
was that not a passionate video I think
that other than the justice for Chelsea
videos that is the most powerful video
Tommy he did of his more than 100 videos
he did with us and that video went so
viral not just on YouTube but on
Facebook and on Twitter and it was
pirated so many ways I think that video
was seen 20 million times in every
different format in a week 20 million
times and this goes back to Maajid Nawaz
and this goes back to Nigel Faraj why
was it watched 20 million times
hey Hannah in the last nine minutes can
we can we grab the clip of Tommy
Robinson on Piers Morgan's show when
Tommy holds up the the Koran and Pearce
says show some damn respect
the minim it's the same point
20 million people watch that clip that I
just showed you why
were starving for news and opinion and
commentary and guidance and analysis
starved for it because every single one
of the five P professionals had denied
them it including god bless him our
friend and hero Nigel Faraj for whom we
will always be grateful no one would
talk about it Tommy was the young boys
saying the emperor has no clothes no one
else would say that everyone would
pretend the Emperor had clothes
you heard Tommy and who is he arguing
with he was arguing with other reporters
who were so defiant of the fact you saw
that one he's how do you know it's a
Muslim terrorist well who the hell do
you think else it was imagine the effort
it would take to pretend that with
someone else we're going to get that
clip that I just referred to
I'm gonna read some super chest
for a second epilogue says exposing the
failure of multiculturalism is why the
establishment of targeted Tommy we could
be next
yeah that's the whole point if you can
throw Tommy in jail Tommy with such
courage and strength and support you can
throw anyone in jail it's a lesson it's
a warning
Philippe Cespedes Jesus card Christ
bless you showing love from New York
City USA Tommy Robinson isn't racist he
is absolutely not racist and by the way
and this bothers some people on the out
right he's a Jew lover
Tommy Robinson is a Philo Semite I don't
think he knew his single Jew and Lewton
when he was growing up Island is loud
Jews and Luton maybe there is I don't
know he's not racist he's not
anti-semitic he is more friends a skin
visible minority skin color than any
liberal I know it's not racist Corey
Stormin says if Sheila got arrested on
when assault same issue West Edmonton
Mall so yeah you're exactly what you're
talking about
Solomon had Solomon the Syrian migrant
who was prosecuted for molesting a bunch
of girls from West I met Simone Carsten
Wilson judge said free speech has
consequences true but not when
consequences come from the state that by
definition is the opposite of free
speech well but Tommy didn't do anything
wrong I put it to you again he did not
violate the integrity of the trial he
did not break the law in any way I
called for a clip a minute ago roll it
please
now if I hope this book upside there
will never be peace from the surf so
long as we have this book is the
violence or Sir William Gladstone but
you do that the Sir William would be
through that's for the Bible shows some
mistake
so some respect so some respect have you
read this for people have you read this
there are there's a highly until hundred
verses in this book then so against
those so some damn respect people's
religious beliefs right I should switch
your mix read put me inside murder
against me put it down and cause me this
now I put it down
Sir William Gladstone held this book
above his head in Parliament and he said
there will never be peace on this set up
so long as we have this book is a
violent and cursed book was Sir William
Gladstone who we have statues across our
couple C was here picket win since
you're sounding like a complete Street
Church now I'm quoting previous some of
the best leaders in this did you know
that that clip so that not that clip
that episode of good morning Britain was
the highest viewed episode ever to air
of good morning Britain that's that's a
Piers Morgan's show it's like Good
Morning America it was such a
supercharged episode that they blew out
the commercials and they blew out a
guest they let that run if memory serves
12 minutes or maybe it was longer it was
riveting TV why why was that the
highest-rated show in the history of
Pearce what were they were they Jillian
for Piers Morgan well that's why they
came in the first place but the reason
they had a record-setting audience for
that show was because of Tommy Robinson
why because for the first time ever he
was saying what no one else would say
could say should say was allowed to say
and my god did and pierced by the way is
pretty good on Islam but like Nigel
Faraj he likes to have an arms like with
Tommy
so Tommy was holding that book up and
Peter said would you hold the Bible that
way
yeah show some damn respect what really
really really really what does that mean
you can't hold a Koran
why cuz you're a filthy Haram infidel
Pierce was getting scared he was scared
he was scared wasn't he the reason that
Tommy
next with people the recent he connects
with me personally across the ocean
the reason that video from him on
Westminster Bridge got twenty million
views in the week the reason he had the
highest rated appearance on good morning
Britain in history it's because he is
filling the gap left by Nigel Faraj left
by Piers Morgan
12:57 we don't have a lot of time
speaking of politicians filling the gap
you know who I interviewed today and
we're gonna have the interview on my
show which is a p.m. Eastern Time
hey can we roll a quick clip just to the
excerpt of my interview with Gerard
batten the new leader of you Kip take a
look I think that Tommy Robinson has
been spent and sent to prison more for
who he is from what he says than his
actual offence and you're quite right
from what I'm told now the prisons are
very much under the sway of Muslim gangs
and we have a phenomenon now in prisons
are called taking the mat where non
Muslim prisoners acts convert to Islam
in order to protect themselves
Tommy has been attacked in prison what
one of the things that my colleague did
Malcolm Lord Pearson who's a member of
the House the laws and the UK appear is
immediately said that if anything
happens to Tommy if he's murdered or if
he is injured in any way then he would
take our private prosecution against the
Home Secretary in order as an accessory
after the act and possibly for
negligence in doing his duty to protect
and prisoners now that was a kind of
threat that Pierson made to know that
we're on alert if anything happens there
will be a reaction and I think that that
will protect Tommy because of the amount
not just that but the amount of public
awareness of him they will now be you
know prepared to protect him in prison
certainly hope so
that is a two minute excerpt from my
interview with Gerard batten in Canada
we say Gerard so I'm practicing saying
Gerard batten he is the new leader of
you Kip I talked to a Friday about 45
minutes or so we covered a lot of ground
from brexit itself to Islam - Nigel
Faraj - Tommy so many that I was
planning a 10 minute
turned into close to an hour we'll have
that whole interview on tonight's show
for those of you who don't know for
those of you just watch on YouTube stuff
we have a paywall show as well every
night at 8 p.m. Eastern Time
it's called the Ezreal event oh I come
on with a produced monologue and that
and interviews and things like that and
we have other shows behind our pay wall
- ranging from John Cardillo our ex NYPD
cop - Sheila GaN read David Menzies
we've got a lot of good stuff there and
I encourage you to check it out if you
haven't
one quick super chat from golf and guns
denial the seat and delusion by the
leftist governments and media to the
detriment of the citizenry I think so
well I hope you enjoyed today's show we
had a lot of video clips but I think
they were all they all sort of held
together didn't they and the common
theme is Tommy Robinson is the people's
answer when the establishment is
derelict in their duty nigel has done
his duty more than most and Maajid Nawaz
is excellent in my view Piers Morgan is
actually not that bad on Islam but he
tries to distance himself from Tommy
like Nigel does the reason why Tommy
Robinson is as successful as he is is
because he is actually serving the
interests contrary to Nigel Faraj his
statement
people can detect a phony in a second
Tommy Robinson is nothing but authentic
his care for his fellow Brits is deeply
authentic the fact that he keeps paying
a price personally the price to his
physical safety fight at a price for his
family and now 13 months in prison is
the ultimate proof that he is willing to
suffer beyond just minor inconveniences
to champion a heroic cause yeah I used
the word heroic I'm over time but I'll
just read the last Super chat from Arya
and slag boom from the Netherlands here
no reports about it a total silence keep
up the good work I will share everything
possible god bless you
well thank you we have a ton of Tommy
Robinson content on our website in fact
I'll encourage our team to repost all
the videos I showed a few there that
showed one today they're wonderful and
now that Tommy's in prison for his
journal
I think that's a good opportunity to
review the work that made him so popular
to begin with it's already 101 I'm a
minute past our time I'll be back here
tomorrow 12:00 noon Eastern Time we'll
wrap up the week maybe we'll move on to
other subjects but if there's more to
talk about Tommy will cover it because
people care for those of you who want to
tune in for the full interview with
Gerard batten that'll be an 8 p.m.
eastern time for to figure out how to
log on to that go to the rebel dot media
slash shows until next time on behalf of
all of us here at rebel world
headquarters keep fighting for freedom
you
