thanks to Premier Kathleen Wynne
switching gears in her messaging do we
now have a new catchphrase for the
summer of 2018 ie when one screws up but
doesn't want to be fully accountable
just say the following sorry not sorry
do you remember Kathleen Wynne's last
election campaign ads strategy going
back to 2013 it was best summed up as
follows me me me but enough about me
let's talk about me for instance here's
some reality TV of Kathleen Wynne
getting up at the crack of dawn to try
and govern the province with adroit
stewardship of no actually Kathleen
likes to go for a run at that time of
the day
there are things most people don't know
about me one I love running - I try to
speak simply and get to the point three
I set goals first off given the
abundance of scenic footage the needle
on my detector is still varying
into the red zone on that one
Kathleen when you see resides in the
writing of Don Valley West here's a
photo forget about the valley part folks
we're talking high-rise apartments and
condos and office towers a concrete
jungle does that look like a role
panacea to you you know the one you saw
when running in okay maybe I am
splitting hairs here but cheese cat this
woman even be honest about where she
goes for her morning jog and she's still
running by the way and one of the Kern
adds there's a clip of wind huffing and
puffing down the road too bad she wasn't
running on a continuous southbound road
all these years I reckon she'd be in
Venezuela by now hey I'm sure Wynn is as
fit as a fiddle but I'd rather see her
fiddling with the books to bring down
hydro rates in this province which used
to be amongst the lowest in North
America and are now amongst the highest
thanks to harebrained virtue signaling
schemes like so-called green energy and
so it is that some low-income antarians
now have to choose between eating or
energy but at the very least our
fearless leader has a superb body mass
index but in the department of switching
gears on the fly so unpopular is the
premier today that she is actually now a
wall in her own ads here's one of the
most recent ads in which premier Wynne
has apparently been replaced by a soccer
mom whose Dodge Caravan just ran out of
gas in the middle of nowhere otherwise
known as that place Wynne allegedly
likes to go jogging okay I get it
everything hasn't been perfect in
Kathleen Wynne's Ontario what mama then
goes on to state that things are well
almost perfect in Kathleen Wynne's
Ontario she even refers to premier Wynne
as simply Kathleen as if the Preem has a
a single named Madonna or Cher celebrity
status now but last Sunday at the final
leaders debate Kathleen came up with
what must be considered a hail-mary
rebranding exercise by stating this so
here's what I want to say about the last
five years sorry not sorry I'm really
genuinely sorry that more people don't
like me but I am NOT sorry about all of
the things that we're doing in Ontario
to make life better
gaud√≠ where does one start when it comes
to the dissection process for starters
incredibly Wynne has made it all about
her again she apologizes for the fact
that you may not like her as for what
her government's policies have done in
making your life as an int Aryan
miserable well this woman is still so
entitled to her entitlement so out of
touch that she can't even make an
apology without a caveat so large that
it actually negates the apology and by
the way this slogan isn't even original
check out the 2017 song sorry not sorry
by Demi Lovato
gee one must wonder why the Liberal
Party of Ontario didn't just pay a
licensing fee to use that video as its
new campaign ad but in the final
analysis sorry not sorry means not sorry
I mean just try uh Turing this ludicrous
line next time you're in a fender bender
hey dude sorry not sorry your Jaguar
needs a new quarter panel oh you'll be
sorry all right indeed maybe Kathleen
Wynne needs to forget about recycling a
Lovato tune maybe Kathleen and her
liberal minions are really more attuned
to that Elton John classic hey you know
sorry seems to be the hardest word
because clearly being a liberal means
never really being truly sorry for
anything for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks you
may have heard the rebel has a brand new
app please download the rebel media app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
