hell hath no fury like a woman scorned
and a woman scorned hath no fury like a
leftist towards anyone that disagrees
with them you must always be on your
toes and aware of the left-wing mob of
self righteous fury anything you say can
and will be used against you in a court
of hypocrisy not just calling you names
or shouting you down but actually
getting you fired and cancelling one of
the most popular shows of the year
I guess Roseanne Barr thought she'd be
treated like other elites after her
distasteful tweet rookie move I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
ABC announced they'd immediately be
cancelling their hit show Roseanne
because their star Roseanne Barr sent
out a tweet that was racially
insensitive in Roseanne's tweet against
a former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett she
said quote Muslim Brotherhood and Planet
of the Apes had a baby equals VJ unquote
first off half of this I could actually
agree with according to Judicial Watch
in an FBI investigation they described
Valerie Jarrett as quote they liberal
extremist who wields tremendous power in
the White House faithful to her roots
she still has connections to many
communist and extremist groups including
the Muslim Brotherhood Jarrett and her
family also had strong ties to Frank
Marshall Davis a big Obama mentor and
Communist Party member with an extensive
FBI file
come on Roseanne now I hate the
description used by Roseanne I
completely stand against and condemn her
comparing Valerie to Planet of the Apes
movie after all I am consistent and I
completely think that's a porn just like
I think it was abhorrent for Jack Moore
the writer on dear white people on
Netflix to say quote on Twitter F white
people I also think that suite is very
racially insensitive and troubling and
you don't have to read between the lines
for that one but did he get to keep his
job yeah he did as far as I know he
never came out and publicly apologized
for it now particularly in Roseanne's
case I would not prefer that anyone's
life the career their job would be
ruined because of one ill-advised tweet
and in Roseanne's case she immediately
apologized and deleted the tweet unlike
Jack Moore on dear white people maybe it
was just a lack of judgment of this
experienced Hollywood star or maybe it
was the lack of accountability and
outrage that is constantly seen by the
leftist elites that Roseanne is
constantly surrounded by for example
Keith Olbermann tweeted out to the
president quote to hell with you you
mother effing traitor what happens after
this well our boy Keith signs a
multi-million dollar deal to ESPN maybe
she thought apologizing would be enough
just like for Joy Behar after she
compared talking with Jesus to mental
illness literally ridiculing hundreds of
millions of people but joy eventually
apologized and everything was good maybe
Roseanne thought it would be like that
maybe she thought that other people
would get her back and say obviously
she's not like this and David Letterman
even after the me2 movement got an
entire Netflix series and the support of
Barack Obama who was the first guy on
his show after so many different
allegations came out about sexual
misconduct throughout his career
it came out that he had several
inappropriate relationships with young
women on his show while he was married
even as recent as 2009 he was wrapped up
in shenanigans including an extortion
case Robert Hammond was accused of
trying to extort two million dollars in
exchange for keeping quiet about
Letterman's sexual misconduct no
everyone still goes on his show and
thinks it's awesome and my personal
favorite old Hillary Clinton really I'm
not making this up you should really
listen to the tape it's crazy to hear
her say this but did you know that when
Hillary Clinton was a lawyer she laughed
about defending a man accused of raping
a twelve-year-old girl
Clinton indicated that she believed her
client was indeed guilty hearing
laughing she said the polygraph test he
managed to pass quote forever destroyed
my faith in polygraphs
maybe Roseanne thought she'd get the
same religious like support from her
left-wing friends and fans nope
all these things are forgotten and
pushed in the rug if you agree with her
political leanings all UNAM sure
Roseanne is not some horrible racist
person however she totally messed up and
should have been way more careful with
the words that she said lesson being
here don't say anything online that
could be seen as racist unless you're
directing it towards white people
because apparently that's totally fine
and be aware that as soon as you come
out as a conservative you are gonna get
zero grace and help from the mainstream
left I've been tazed this is pure
Hollywood all right so if you enjoyed
that video please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
you
