okay so 4.5 billion for the existing
pipeline the Royal Bank of Canada says
we massively massively overpaid seven
point four billion to build the second
one that's if you think Trudeau is as
good at building pipelines as pipeline
companies so weird weird twelve billion
dollars now plus whatever extra costs
are inflicted on this this is nuts
but but it's gonna make money from the
oil they it goes it goes through it or
something that works of course a
pipeline is effectively like a like a an
approach to to move something along a
toll so it's an effectively a user pay
approach meaning that the oil companies
will pay the investments that we made
will be paid through the oil companies
payments to actually use the pipeline
down the road we're buying the assets so
we can move forward on that project
expansion which is as I said will create
the value for Canadians yeah that's how
a pipeline company gets paid it charges
a toll for oil companies who ship their
oil through it a couple bucks barrel or
whatever but that only happens after
it's built so who's gonna front the
seven point four billion dollars to
build the pipeline why why aren't they
saying is the government gonna lend the
construction money to this are we really
at 12 billion dollars already but you
might notice something so far it's just
all about money right and nothing here
not one thing actually addresses the
problem we have getting it built Kinder
Morgan never asked for money they're no
fools they'll take free money from some
stupid trust fund rich kid and I have to
separate which stupid trust fund rich
kid I'm talking about because Bill
Morneau of course inherited a company
from his dad and then married a
billionaire so neither these folks are
actually pros at business but the Kinder
Morgan was never short of money they
were just short of politicians willing
to push illegal protesters out of the
way willing to expedite court challenges
and that's still not here here's some
questions that were put at the press
conference in Ottawa today
there's protestors are planning to block
the route block construction what's the
government planning to do to address
those concerns and address the protests
themselves we will recognize that
Canadians have a right to express their
point of view in a legal fashion and
that will continue to be an important
part of our democracy yeah we knew that
but what will you do to get the pipeline
built locking the actual construction
what is the government plan to do
anything go to court to get injunctions
against the ELISA plan
this isn't the first pipeline to be
built in Canada the the pipeline will
move forward and consideration of all
the appropriate security constraints and
the the way to ensure that it gets done
appropriately you keep saying those
words but you have an answer what are
you what are you gonna do to get it
built that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levante show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
