justin trudeau plans to spend 4.5
billion dollars just to buy the Trans
Mountain pipeline and he isn't done
throwing your money at this thing yet
typical liberals throwing us someone
else's money at a project that didn't
need cash but instead needed guts and
leadership private actor can't deal with
that uncertainty between provinces we're
saying that in order to deal with that
uncertainty in order to assure that we
actually get the value from this project
that we know is there we're exerting our
federal jurisdiction by purchasing the
project after an early morning cabinet
meeting held this morning Finance
Minister Bill Morneau announced that the
federal government will be spending 4.5
billion dollars to take over the
existing Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain
pipeline and then the federal government
would continue the construction of the
pipeline expansion through the summer
while the sale is being finalized and
then after construction is done the
federal government says it's looking to
unload their newly nationalized pipeline
onto some company with more money than
good sense oh and I forgot to tell you
the federal government is also creating
yet another crown corporation and
another government bureaucracy to deal
with the management of trans mountains
construction and operations yeah an army
of government bureaucrats at working at
petrol Canada 2.0 to make sure the
pipeline construction porta-potties are
gender-neutral Trudeau is buying the
part of the pipeline that's already
built and already in the ground he's
buying the part of Kinder Morgan that
bothered no one wasn't part of any
problems and was done already and we
know that the expansion project was over
7 billion dollars so at the very end of
this long road Canadian taxpayers could
be on the hook for around 12 billion
dollars to build a pipeline that was
already fully funded in the private
sector this is a very expensive price
tag for the federal government
to act the problem with the Kinder
Morgan trans mountain pipeline expansion
was never money this project had all the
money and all the investors that had
ever needed what the project really
needed was the rule of law and the
federal government to step in and do
their job and be the ones to impose the
rule of law on British Columbia and the
foreign-funded anti oil protesters on
the ground there who are holding up this
nation-building project and while today
there are a lot of people celebrating
the fact that the pipeline might get
built I'm certainly not and I think this
is the worst possible outcome when you
think about the long-term implications
for Canada this is a damning indictment
of Trudeau's economic policies and the
depths that investor confidence has sunk
to Canada is now too risky a place for a
private sector company who's already
here to continue to invest and to expand
a project that has already been in
production since in 1953 like when the
last shots were fired in the Korean War
but there will now be serious investor
chill in Canada because now the federal
government who approves pipelines will
be in competition with companies who
want to build pipelines in Canada the
federal government has already blocked
the Northern Gateway pipeline and they
failed to show support for the energy
East pipeline even going as far as
changing the regulatory climate halfway
through that pipelines approval process
for outside investors it sure looks like
the federal government has stacked the
deck so that nationalization is the only
way to get a project done here in Canada
and who on earth would want to build a
pipeline in Canada if your pipeline
competes with the federal government and
the federal government has the ability
to throttle your private sector pipeline
or decline the approval of your private
sector pipeline to protect the
government's monopoly the federal
government can now use their ownership
stake in this pipeline as a bargaining
chip to force the carbon tax on the rest
of us or anything else for that
if we don't like it or if we revolt
against some sort of strange policy or
tax that the feds want to impose on us
well then no pipeline for us the federal
government has that power to blackmail
us now and the federal government can
also just abandon this pipeline since
they own it if they can't get the
appropriate level of so-called social
license or consent Kinder Morgan was
beholden to their shareholders the
federal government has only beholden to
their own whims and their own desire to
please their special interest groups
that should scare all of us only the
Liberals could start off three years ago
with three pipelines fully financed by
the private sector trans Mountain Energy
East and northern gateway and then end
up with one unbuilt pipeline fully owned
by the government and here in Reichle
not least People's Republic of Alberta
she's celebrating even starting off her
press conference this morning with hugs
and applause not least said today in her
press conference that this pipeline is a
real moneymaker commercially profitable
and financially viable but no one
outside of the government was willing to
step up and purchase the pipeline from
Kinder Morgan if Kinder Morgan abandoned
it but that's not we're not Lee's
delusion ends listen to this so when the
BC government then stood in our way and
when we were concerned that the federal
government wasn't doing enough
we got people's attention again the wine
ban worked
uberta has contributed to today's
announcement by investing or announcing
that we will invest up to two billion
dollars to an indemnity pool that will
help ensure that the project goes ahead
no not Lee your wine ban didn't work and
this is just the very beginning of a
terrible money pit brought to us by the
people who can't fix the potholes on
your street can't finish a highway
overpass without coming in 50 million
dollars over budget and can't deliver
the mail on time or to the right mailbox
slapping Justin Trudeau and Rachel
Knollys smiling mugs on the side of this
pipeline is certainly not going to
change the opposition to it in British
Columbia it
Changez who assumes the risk and right
now that risk is on the back of Canadian
Taxpayers BC zone premier John Horgan
promises to continue his fight against
the pipeline in British Columbia and
Rachel not least former oil sands
advisory group chairwoman Sephora Berman
says that all hell is going to break
loose and British Columbia now look I'm
not gonna lie to you some very big part
of me is sort of looking forward to the
great Canadian
progressive civil war of 2018 and 2019
all those radical green socialists who
supported the Liberals because Justin
Trudeau outflanked the NDP from the left
are now going to turn on him like a
bunch of rabid skunks and create a
glorious divide on the left that
conservatives stand to benefit from and
it looks like the first shots in that
civil war have already been fired if we
check back on all supporter Berman's
social media sites berman tweeted this
decision will haunt Trudeau's government
those of us who knocked on doors for him
will not forget that he took billions of
dollars from Canadian families to buy an
oil pipeline that violates indigenous
rights and our commitments to climate
change the far left is turning on Justin
Trudeau and frankly I couldn't be
happier so far Canada's federal
conservatives are speaking up against
the nationalization of an energy project
which greatly heartened me conservative
leader Andrew Shearer said today Justin
Trudeau admitted he has failed Canadian
energy workers and investors and Trudeau
is handing Canadians a 4.5 billion
dollar bill for his failure now
conservatives should always always be
against the nationalization of private
sector industries and we should
especially be scared when it's a Trudeau
trying to do it what happened today is
Trudeau announced that taxpayers are
making a four point five billion dollar
donation to his next election campaign
and at the end of it
we may never see a pipeline for the
rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read what you just saw
there is the daily video that I do here
at the rebel but did you know that I
have my own weekly full-length show here
it airs on Wednesdays it's aptly called
the gun show and we talk about issues
facing Canadian families but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content treat
yourself to a rebel subscription today
you
