I'm antral Devan it's May 29th and
you're watching battleground
hey welcome back I'm Ezra I'm the boss
of the rebel media here in Canada we
have viewers from around the world
because we're all interested in the same
thing Tommy Robinson for a year tommy
worked for the revolt media before going
independent we stayed in touch it was an
amicable Parcher you know tommy he just
can't have a boss especially one
thousands of miles away we admired what
he did and we were shocked as the world
was when he was scooped up thrown in
prison for 13 months in the gag order
thrown over the whole thing just for
standing outside the courthouse in Leeds
UK reporting on a rape gang trial a
report a trial that had been reported on
by Britain's state broadcaster the BBC
and others that report which you can
still find online lists the names of the
29 accused the 27 men and the two women
charged with rape prostitution and other
crimes stretching over a period of years
for dozens of girls as young as 11 years
old so what exactly did Tommy do wrong
well as we've shown you and as you can
see on Tommy's own Facebook website he
stood outside the court house for over
an hour giving a running commentary as
political pundits sometimes doom he
wasn't in the TV studio in downtown
London he was on the street in Leeds
that's Tommy's way he's a guy who gets
out into the community and what was so
frustrating to me is not a single other
journalist was with him no one cared
about the girls except Tommy so for more
than one hour he gave his running
commentary but he was very careful as I
noted on yesterday's show he never once
stood on court property not even the
sidewalk not even the front steps of the
courthouse he knew from an experience a
year ago at Canterbury Court not to do
that never once did he referred to the
accused rapists as just rapists he was
very careful to indicate they had not
yet been proven guilty he did not show
any jurors he did not do anything that
could possibly come close to be called
tampering with the trial none at all as
we noted yesterday it was the day of the
verdict the trial was over and he he was
giving his political thoughts and I say
again he was standing by himself on the
street with one quiet
cameraman and one quiet supporter the
streets were essentially empty until
police came in and swooped down on him
seven cops seven cops and they said he
was disturbing the peace and breaching
the peace and causing and disturbance
and he had just been standing there
talking quietly into Facebook live he
was stunned by the audacity but Tommy's
been in trouble with the law before
Tommy I think no is if he's crossed the
line but here he was on his best
journalistic best legal behavior having
experienced a contempt of court case a
year ago in Canterbury I know most of
you have seen him before but for those
of you who have not because of a
publication ban I'm going to talk about
that publication ban in a moment it was
lifted today I'll tell you about that
good news but for those of you who have
not yet seen the video or simply those
who wanted to watch it again let me show
you the tail end of a 71 minute
monologue by Tommy I mean the guy can
talk I'll give him that Tommy
basically ran a monologue for for more
than an hour and incredibly and it was
all live on his own Facebook live and
his cameraman George caught the rest of
it just just for those who didn't see
and those who want to see Tommy Robinson
being interrupted by 7:00 this was the
last he was seen in public yeah
this is this is ridiculous do you feel
what you're doing I haven't said a word
in fact someone laid their hand and
assaulted me out so I call other people
sweatin me about my mother and Here I am
being arrested to say nothing about what
arrest me perform a breach and
apparently I'm in sight in on my video
can you please George I think I've
watched that five times now and there's
a lot of things that stand out for me
the one thing that gets me every time
is Tommy says how do you feel about this
do you feel good about doing this saying
that to the cops what young man or woman
what boy or girl in the UK grows up and
says I want to become a police officer
so I can pull a citizen journalist off
the street and throwing them in the back
of a police van and have a drumhead
trial you know the drum head traumas
it's a quickie trial no procedure no
rights no process just let's just go
through the motions it's almost a sham
trial we're young boy or girl says I
want to grow up in in the land of the
Bobby you know the police the polite
friendly neighborhood British cop the
people respect and there's not a lot of
peace to keep because everything's
peaceful you don't have to do a lot they
don't even have guns they have batons
and they have their their finger wagging
they have the moral authority what young
boy or girl what young man or woman
grows up and says I want to be when I go
to police academy I want to become a
policeman so I can go take journalists
off the street and pack them up and say
they're causing a disturbance
for reporting on the horrific crime
inside the courthouse of the massive
rape gangs
Tommy nailed it when he said how do you
feel do you feel right about this
I as you know Tommy Robinson work with
us until earlier this year and I had
enough dealings with him to know that he
was in contact with police almost all
the time and it was quite something
because he never knew if a policeman
accosted him were they coming to arrest
him or warn him or hassle him or were
they coming to protect him I think I did
a video you probably saw it when I when
we were building the studio for Tommy I
don't think it's a problem to tell this
story now I told a version of it earlier
the police came to the studio what was
what's wrong officer no no they came to
ensure that we had bulletproof doors and
I'm not going to tell you the details of
their counterterrorism work but they
actually came to scout out the joint and
make it so they could protect Tommy from
the non-stop plots to kill him and I'm
not even gonna call them terrorist plots
because of course they were terror
it is terrorist by nature but it's not
like these were al-qaeda or Isis
inspired plots they're just I don't know
the Muslim population in the UK I'd have
to look it up but it's it's in the
millions and what percentage of Muslims
in the UK supports Sharia law I think
it's at least 35 or 40 percent if you
look at some of the polls done by ICM
but questions about Sharia law should
gays be allowed to teach did the Jews
cause all the wars like these are some
of the questions I see em asked it was
amazing actually Hannah can you call up
that clip of the ICM poll what do
Muslims think I would just want to show
the two minutes intro to that we showed
that a couple years ago Hannah's gonna
look for that but we'll come back to
that later you got it you got millions
of Muslims in Britain 40% let's say or
sympathetic or supportive of Sharia law
did they tell pollsters the actual
number might be higher out of that forty
percent we also know there's twenty
three thousand jihadis did the police
are trying to track you can't track
twenty three thousand people by the way
how many would kill Tommy to be the hero
to be the hero in their gang here in
their block to be their hero in their
cellblock I'm not even gonna call that a
regular terrorist attack it's you don't
need to to cook up a conspiracy in in
Iraq or Syria or in Pakistan to do that
there's enough people in Luton doing
that we've seen Tommy walk through Luton
and it's almost a swarm when someone
detects him they all get out their cell
phones they all text each other
Hannah while you're looking for that
clip if you find me you know the one
where Tommy's driving down the street in
Luton I'd love to show that one too it's
it's quite remarkable that was years ago
and one more clip and Oh Hannah I'm
throwing all these things at you in real
time there's also the one of Tommy
walking on the street so that there's
three clips and I'm just talking to our
producers down and brainstorming in real
time so forgive me and and thank them
for their resourcefulness the three
clips I'm looking for are the the former
head of the Human Rights Commission in
the UK doing his show called what do
Muslims think very powerful that shows
how extreme how extreme 40% of the UK
Muslim population is the second clip is
Tommy driving down the street in Luton
with a reporter in the car and showing
what happens when he bumps into an imam
on the street and the third clip is
Tommy literally walking on the street
with a journalist and he's attacked I I
want to show you these because it goes
to my point about Tommy's life he's
either on defense against cops coming to
arrest him over trumped-up charges or
he's reliant on the cops to protect him
from violence what a life what a life I
think I told you the other day that
earlier this year when Tommy was
travelling in Europe police came to his
house and stayed overnight not to arrest
him but to protect to protect his family
because there had been incredible I hope
in my telling tales out of school I
don't think that's a secret if it is I'm
sorry what are we doing it's called
battleground it's a
I do every weekday from 12:00 noon to
1:00 p.m. Eastern Time I take your
questions on the side there there are so
many comments and questions there I'll
try and get to them if you want to make
your stand out and pin it to the top you
can chip in a couple of dollars couple
of pounds and it's called a super chat
it's highlighted in a very bright color
and if it's over a certain amount it
spins to the top and that money helps us
keep the keep the lights on here at the
rebel we're 100% viewer supported so I
appreciate that if you want to do that I
will read
column comments even if they're not
super chatted my friends who've were
been working to catch up to my stream of
consciousness
I want to show you first what it's like
in Luton and I remind you these videos
are years old now so it is much much
worse for Tommy now because of course
the islamification of Luton is much
further progressed second well Tommy's
notoriety friends and foes is much
bigger so I'm going to show you a video
Tommy was walking through the streets of
Luton something he really can't do these
days I drove through Luton with Tommy
and just he gets nervous and he drives
defensively you know when you're driving
and you always leave space yeah I mean
normal people don't do this but you're
at a stoplight but you leave space
between you and the car in front of you
in case you have to make a quick getaway
you don't have the backup backup backup
Tommy going through Luton is quite an
experience
and he wanted to show me he wanted to
show me what it's like this was last
year that I went through to Luton with
Tommy I want you to see what it was like
I'm gonna guess this video is three
years old four years old it is so much
worse now without further ado Tommy
walking through Luton and this is how it
is on the street imagine what it's like
in prison look at the streets
definitely feel there's more tension in
the air now that we're walking through
here yeah yeah of course Luton's are
very divided town I was a leader me I
was no it's not partner why do you think
it's recess
oh dear what was that what did they just
say to you pussy Oh God
I don't know if this is a good idea it
was clear that Robinson's past would not
be quickly forgotten did you get on
camera hi I've just been attacked in
Luann's house very right now then again
I found myself in the middle I want to
ask you a question
I know the answer I want to see if you
know the answer you saw Tommy there and
you saw Tommy's cousin keV Carroll great
guy best guy you'll ever meet the two
are inseparable Tommy's Tommy's not a
big guy but he's tough and he's a boxer
keV is really tall did you see cab there
I think Tommy and Kevin have taken those
those guys I know they could have but
what would happen then what would have
happened then I'll tell you what would
happened Tommy would have gone to prison
Tommy would have been arrested
immediately taken away immediately
thrown in prison immediately if you
would have survived without being
stabbed he would be before a judge who
threw the book at him
so Tommy backed up there not because
Tommy is a coward if anything Tommy
suffers from the reverse he's courageous
to the point of folly I mean I'm not to
be a limit on the man's courage I think
just for Sal was just for
self-preservation and and keV Carol I
wouldn't want to get in a fight with keV
Carol you saw all the guys six and a
half feet I'm guessing so why did they
back up are they afraid they're not
afraid of those thugs on the street but
they knew that if they were to defend
themselves like anyone else in the
sweet salute and water could that they
would be thrown in prison and if you
dummy look at what happened to Tommy for
merely reporting for merely reporting
he's in prison for 13 months
imagine if Tommy got into fisticuffs
with everyone who wanted to challenge
him I see a super Chan out of the corner
of my eye a couple of them let me catch
up the first one came in from coke ADV
who says what was the result of the rape
trial I don't think that result is done
yet of the underlying rape trial but I
will talk about Tommy's publication man
which was lifted today and I'll get into
that later so I don't think I spoke to
our lawyer in the UK his name is Daniel
Burke we hired him yesterday on the
overriding censorship of Tommy's case
and I spoke to the lawyer this morning
he said Ezra the Tommy Robinson gag
orders lifted but the underlying one is
not and I called the Leeds County Court
myself and I confirmed there's a court
prohibition in the UK that's not apply
to me here in North America but in the
UK you cannot publish details above the
underlying rape trial although if you go
to the BBC right now in fact let's show
what can we find on the screen guys if
you go to the BBC's website right now
BBC is the state broadcaster you will
see look at this this is from the BBC
Abdul Rehman
nazar at his sane her fan amaz Zubair
ahmad mohammad Aslam mohammad camera
mohammad Naaman mohammad azim Mohammed
there's one or two Mohammad Menzer Hasan
was that Muhammed your friends Wikus
Mahmoud Faisal Nadine me as Ayman a
thief Bashir mow another muhammad imran
libera Ali Javaid Mohammad there's
another mohammad there I'm shocked who
smell Khalid Everton love Bastide I
don't know who that is
and at the bottom there I don't know if
you saw there actually two women
actually put that back up I want to show
the women there's 27 men on trial in
Leeds and two women you see the names
there Shabbas actor malik 55 and nevada
Habib 38 so two women were charged also
I read the the chart that child neglect
well what does that mean I have not been
in the court so I have not seen the
detailed allegations put by the
prosecution does that mean that they
were let's say babysitters or other
people who had Authority and they
breached that authority to serve up
these white girls to be raped by their
Muslim men male friends I don't know
what that means I don't know that means
a lot of muhammad's there my point is
that's on the BBC website right now
BBC's not going to prison for 13 months
I see some more super chests let me
catch up is anyone in touch with TR in
prison do we know if he is in protective
custody or for anyone who's being able
to communicate with him I phoned the
prison directly they will not talk to me
I applied at the prison website to
become a visitor of Tommy and was
advised that he had his visits already
exceeded I am quite sure that his wife
and family and lawyer are in touch in
fact I think their meeting today I have
tried not to over contact the family
because I think I was calling them too
much last week and I was it was clear I
was just stressing them out they wanted
to talk to Tommy before making decisions
so I've not spoken to the family since
the weekend I did have an email i
briefed him an email from the lawyer
yesterday
let me want to get back to some of those
other super chats that I saw come
through let me just catch up here oh I
saw one there in blue let me find it
super chats are a way to make your
comments stand out from the hundreds
freezer mcburney chipped in five bucks
thanks very much Frasier appreciate that
here we go my channel externality said
here's a small donation long lived rebel
media
well that's friendly you to say thank
you very much you know what we've had a
lot of interesting alumni at rebel media
including Tommy and whether or not you
credit us or blame us we helped we
helped introduce Tommy to the world of
journalism where I think he's more
effective than he was when he was simply
in the world of activism I mean as I
would try and say to him he always would
want to be on the streets and I tried to
pull him into the studio mainly just
because he's in jeopardy on the streets
either from cops or from robbers right
and he wanted he didn't want to be in
the studio he wanted to be on the
streets that's where he is but I always
tried to say look he could get a million
people watching a video at a rally
you'll have hundreds maybe maybe
thousands I think he wants to live both
he wanted to be a man on the streets
with a camera and that's his element
alas it's a dangerous place in the UK
all right I wanna I told you I'd show
you another video this I think is even
further in the past this is Tommy
driving through Luton now I should tell
you when I drove through gluten with
Tommy a year ago he did not have his
windows down he was not calling out to
people because I think things are so
much worse there that even the spectacle
of it which he would probably want to
entertain me with it's just not worth
the risk so in fact can you guys tell me
the date on this video footage of you
can find that we let's play the footage
and if you guys can find the date I'll
tell our viewers afterwards this is at
least three years old it's probably five
years old and I can assure you it is
worth it worse onna roll the video of
Tommy driving through them fine they
saiful islam fell on that
yeah he's the leader what what we're
going to talk to you about well I'm
about to talk to you about what I'm
going to talk to you about so why don't
you say it now what want me to say yeah
elegy it's got no place it's gone that
place buff boys got no place hello do we
warm up but I tell me one more doubtful
what I stand for
I understand for Peter Felix's yeah what
are you saying for what tell me what do
you mean what I was thinking what do you
catch it how's it made him as it makes
is him as a racist to oppose a fascist
ideology fascist I do because I know
they don't know what you like Bob yeah
we have 100 you in a minute
you look chief you can see
prick you see that is that is is not
prick the fingers you get this card
they'll be for you here from everywhere
watch watch watch how many of them now
turn up watch watch how many of them now
turn up I'll do I'll do your window ups
they can't go I'll tell you you look can
Percy watch might get me now - you
fucking mug in tramp that is what they
like you see now you understand it
do you think that that man is usually my
friends tell me that was from 2011 seven
years ago do you think it's better or
worse in those seven years I can tell
you it is worse and you saw that just
and us do you think if Tommy were to
walk up to someone in that person to
that person's car have a have a bit of a
shouting match ER and arguing match
let's call that fight and then smack him
and then go and it was all caught on
film do you think Tommy would be in
prison for that of course he would be do
you think that Imam was in prison of
course not if you could permit me a
friendly indulgence one of my favorite
things about getting to know Tommy over
the last year was learning all of the
insults chief Tramp I can't even
remember all of them or just to fight
your brother I just there's so many
little phraseology
that we hear in Canada in the United
States don't know it's very colorful
the Tommy made an important point there
didn't he that Imam just kept saying
you're racist you're racist you're
racist and what are your principles and
I thought that was actually very
interesting that what are your
principles I think is that Imams genuine
point of view I think he general and
genuinely believes in Sharia law and the
Quran as the immutable word of Allah and
that that is the law of the world and he
and he was challenging Tommy what do you
believe in and that was actually a good
faith question it's it comes from a
place of fundamentalist Islam but what
do you believe and that's a very good
question
but the counter-attack you're racist
you're racist you're racist that's BS
and I think that is I don't think that
is an Islamic commentary I think that is
a Western leftist vocabulary that has
been riveted on the Dawa Dawa is the
Arabic word for Muslim evangelism so I
think that Muslim preacher there what do
you believe in Tommy let me tell you
what I believe in you should believe in
what I believe in that's what Muslims
say in do so whatever evangelical says
Urdu well given this the Islamic way of
life is a very strict code what do you
believe in Tommy good question good
question
but you're racist you're racist you're
racist
that is not a good question and that is
actually not an Islamic thing if you
read the Koran if you listen to historic
arguments of Islamism they don't call
people racist that's a leftist
postmodern social justice warrior thing
that that Imam has absorbed by being in
the UK in 2018 and he's using that
because that's what english-speaking
liberals and by liberals I suppose I
mean all of us react to open the one non
racist tell me smart enough to say
Islam's on a race Islam's a doctrine and
that's a that's a very key learning and
Tommy's very good at and here at
builders Holland is very good about he
says I can love a Muslim but I can
oppose the ideology of Islam and that's
very very true
let's check the time is twelve twenty
five home my goodness time flies I want
to talk about the I want to talk about
the courts publication man on Tommy's
case because yesterday when we had this
show I was telling you we were about to
take steps but I hadn't quite put it all
in motion yet yesterday morning which
was actually a bank holiday in the UK I
spoke to one of our UK lawyers who had
worked with Tommy before his name is
Daniel Burke you might remember him he
was the lawyer we hired for Chelsea
right Chelsea was that girl from
Sunderland there's Daniel Burke there
remember this this was in Chelsea
Wright's home there's Daniel Burke on
the left there's timing middle obviously
and there's Chelsea right just a
terrible terrible case if you go to
justice for Chelsea calm you can
remember the story a young woman went to
a bar wakes up the next thing she
remembers she wakes up the next morning
in a house with a bunch of Muslim
migrants Afghan and Iraqi the neighbors
heard her she was trial story I won't
get into it but that was Daniel burka on
the left there excellent lawyer from
Manchester big heart so we we reached
out to Danny and we say hey Daniel and
the I said yeah he'd been in touch with
Tommy recently and he was eager to help
so we retained Daniel and he got a QC
they have what's called a split bar in
the UK in Canada they have barrister and
solicitor in the US they don't have any
distinctions you're all just a lawyer in
the UK there's to speak
he's of lawyer it's a little bit strange
so Daniel burka to take the case and he
recruited a senior Queen's Counsel as
it's called QC it's just a British
phrase and they were preparing to attack
the court publication ban over Tommy's
case so there are two cases here right
there's that mass rape gang trial 27 men
two women the one that I read the names
of the accused the one that Tommy was
outside the courthouse commenting on so
that that's the underlying lawsuit and
then there was the Tommy contempt of
court sent him off to prison for
thirteen months the same judge put a
publication ban on both of them so we
hired Daniel Berk yesterday to go to
court on behalf of our UK operation
we're based here in North America but we
have a company in the UK a sister
company called rebel media rebel News
Network UK Limited so we had some
standing in the UK we're not just North
Americans and Daniel was getting geared
up and this morning I spoke to many said
Ezra Court lifted the publication ban to
UK media give him credit Leeds live I
think was one than the others the
independent they went to court and there
wasn't a fight the judge the judge that
I role
so we were already tough we were ready
to go to battle and we hired a friend
and Tommy's to do it but I'm glad to say
that a restriction has been lifted so
now the UK media can report on it mmm I
see a super chat from someone called
Chelsea girl who chipped in ten pounds
thank you very much for that
who said is there a fund set up to help
appeal his sentencing does anyone know
the details well that was the very first
call I made on Friday when I heard of
this case I the first call I made was to
Tommy's lawyer
Alison Gurdon the second call I made was
to Tommy's wife who I have met several
times over the last year and I offered a
variety of offers but I bet I say again
I don't want to spend too much time on
this as I did say yesterday Tom but it's
more for me anymore Tommy doesn't work
for the rebbe were friendly enough but
he's just one I don't have the authority
to make decisions and whereas if Tommy
was in my employ as it was a
year ago when he was arrested for
contempt of court in Canterbury and we
just made the decisions here in our
headquarters because I had the authority
he was he was in trouble for doing
things in the course of his employment
with us it was entirely appropriate that
we take manners and obviously that we
pay for them there would be no way that
we would expect Tommy to pay for his
legal bills for a trouble incurred in
the service of our company that is not
the case in 2018 Tommy's independent
he's got a small sort of ragtag team as
she would imagine I don't know if he has
insurance I don't think he has like
full-time corporate counsel so I think
he went with sort of his local usual
solicitor and so I spoke to her and I
made various office to her and she and
the family said Ezra we're gonna wait
till we talked to Tommy and get
instructions before we accept any help
so she asked that we not do a crowdfund
that's why the crowdfund we did
yesterday was strictly for taking on the
gag order and that is now moot so I'm
basically keeping my powder dry eye area
so my point is until we hear from Tommy
the family does has has not only not
requested help but they have said if
there's someone out there claiming to be
crowdfunding for Tommy it's unauthorized
of course you can always go to Tommy's
own website and and chip in there that's
Tommy Robertson dot online I see a super
chat from french-toast mafia said 9 what
was the exact action that was supposedly
in contempt of court
David R Isner also chipped in 5 bucks
thank you for that I was not there I was
not there in court so I did not hear it
I expect that we'll be able to get the
transcripts as soon as today
from what I can see in the court records
Tommy's court hearing was extremely
brief measured in minutes and I don't
want to get too technical in the law I'm
a former lawyer myself
the law of contempt of court is unique
can I let me check the time here it's
1231 can I give you five minutes on the
law of contempt of court
I really didn't know much about it until
Tommy's case in Canterbury last year
contempt of court most most litigation
in North America and in the UK is
adversarial obviously you have a
prosecution you have a defendant you
have a plaintiff you have a defense
defendant and you always have a neutral
arbiter right the judge is neutral of
course right the two sides clash
zealously and you have a neutral party
like a referee making the call the
umpire right in the case of a criminal
prosecution the the defendant is
obviously the the the suspect the
criminal accused and in that case the
protagonist is Her Majesty the Queen in
the United States it's called the people
versus so-and-so right in the UK and in
Canada it's the Queen versus so-and-so
sometimes abbreviated as our versus
so-and-so
our is Latin for Regina which is Queen
as in it's adversarial but in the
criminal case it's in the name of the
Queen you're being prosecuted I know I'm
going on a little bit legal
technicalities but I'm here's my point
contempt of court is not that way
contempt of court the judge himself is
upset with something in this case Tommy
in this case Tommy reporting on his
Facebook live and I've seen photographs
I've not been able to completely
corroborate them but I do trust that
they're accurate an image from Leeds of
the judge himself looking out a window
at Tommy so there was a judge and there
was an officer court officer and another
person and they were looking down at
Tommy below doing his livestream so
understand here and I'm coming to my
point and I see there's some more
trooper at Supercuts I'll come back to
the middle of means for instrument point
so this is what happened in the in
Canterbury last year and this is what
happened in Leeds this year and guys can
you get ready the transcript from the
Canterbury case I'm going to refer to
that again
the same one we used yesterday
highlighting the comment by the judge so
the judge is mad the judge is mad that
their trial is being upset in some way
and how does the judge know this they
hear a rumor they see Tommy outside but
unlike a normal plaintiff a normal Crown
prosecutor and normal antagonists in
court they don't have to go through a
process and share facts with the other
side and have a back and forth and have
a neutral arbiter in the case of
contempt of court the angry judge judges
his own anger there is no prosecutor
there is no defense the judge is the
judge and the jury and the witness and
everything and he summons the accused
before him and says I'm mad at you I
want you to answer for this and this and
the person who is mad is the designer do
you understand the difference in then
let me give you the example of the
underlying rape rape gang trial here you
have 29 people who were alleged to have
done horrific things they each have a
lawyer zealously defending their
interests and then you have Her
Majesty's Crown Prosecution Service as
it's called in the UK or that that would
be like a DA in the United States and
and they are charged with getting a
conviction and they're both so there are
a hundred percent fighting for a guilty
conviction and there are a hundred
percent fighting for a not guilty
conviction and they bash it out and the
judge in the middle is cool as ice it's
nonpartisan does not show fear of favor
is neutral applies the law and says I've
heard from you I've heard from you
you're right on this point you're right
on this point my verdict is it do you
understand that's our adversarial system
two sides duking it out in front of a
neutral judge now compare that
adversarial system with the contempt of
court quirk this eccentricity in UK law
do you understand what I'm saying
the judge who was peering down from the
courthouse in Leeds I don't know if you
can find that image and unjust and I
haven't tweeted because I haven't
confirmed it 100% but this is image out
there of the red brick building the
judge peering down from the window
looking at Tommy down below
with and probably grumbling with the
court officers so in a normal court
situation let's say that judge was mad
at his neighbor let's say his neighbor's
dog was eating his plants I'm just
making a situation up that judge
couldn't just summon his neighbor and
judge him that judge would have to go to
court like any other normal human and
and talk to an other neutral judge and
say hey my neighbors there this is the
image yeah so so there's the judge I
haven't been able to corroborate this
but and enough people have said it's
legit we've taken this image from in
force so that's the judge looking down
at Tommy and you can see the bright
fluorescent vest of one of the court
officers so they understand the
importance of this image the judge is
looking down at Tommy and getting mad
mad mad does he complain to an
investigator and have a hearing and the
judge is one party and Tommy's the other
party and there's a neutral decider no
this mad judge simply summons Tommy
before him and makes a decision and
there's no disclosure of facts there's
no disputing thing there wasn't even
time for Tommy to get its own lawyer
there it's such an eccentric kind of law
how do you how do you bargain with how
do you reason with how do you deal with
someone who is both the antagonist and
the decider how on earth if they're mad
if they have a misperception if they
heard a gossipy rumor that's false if
they were told a false fact by a court
policeman if the court policemen got it
wrong if someone said oh I heard Tommy
Robinson was standing on the steps of
the court he was not oh I heard Tommy
Robinson called them rapists no he
called them accused rapists oh I heard
Tommy Robinson was breaking the
publication man no he's just quoting
that BBC story so what happens if that
judge was given false information of
gossip either in good faith or
maliciously that judge has in his mind
an idea now maybe it's accurate but
maybe it's not and we don't know because
that same judge who's angry at Tommy is
the decider and there's no pro and con
there's no class of ideas before a
neutral arbiter there's no disclosure do
you know what I mean disclosure
that's where police and the prosecution
have to share with the defendant and the
exculpatory facts and the closed-circuit
TV footage
did Tommy step step on the courthouse
precincts that's not an a matter opinion
it's a matter of fact and you could see
that through videotape evidence did the
judge think that tommy was on the steps
well we don't know what the judge
thought because the judge is not a
neutral party there was no disclosure of
documents there was no back-and-forth it
was a drumhead trial do you see why the
law of contempt of court is so bizarre
and so unfair and I called for this
transcript you guys of the transcript
from last year in Canterbury so I'm
going back in time of year now this is
the case that we helped Tommy with when
he worked for us but the transcript of
you please so understand mr. Kowalewski
was one of the three lawyers we sent to
help Tommy and this is the judge back
then a year ago in Canterbury who was
the same thing the judge was mad the
judge heard something about Tommy on
social media does the judge even
understand social media does the judge
even under watch what Tommy did or is
the judge going based on gossip and
rumors we'll never know but here's what
the judge said in court so kovalevskiy
is Tommy's lawyer and and let me read I
accept what mr. Kowalewski tells me
about the dangers that you Tommy might
face were you to be sent into immediate
custody I have to say it is on a
knife-edge so far as I'm concerned
because a very large part of me thinks
so what really this is a judge yes so
what you're gonna be in in danger in
prison you'll be stabbed I mean look at
the danger he was in on the streets of
Luton I sure do it's like it was on the
street and that was one of those videos
was seven years old you know just like
today how can you be judged by a judge
who is also your complainant you're not
you're not even arguing then are you
you're pleading you're you're going in
begging for mercy because if if you're
antagonists you can really get tough
with the other side as long as you I
suppose don't offend the neutral decider
right so if if someone has a BS
complaint
against you you can call it out you can
cross-examine hard you can call them a
liar you can you can say you were blind
you're forgetful you can say all those
tough things to an accuser if you are
have equal power
you're both adversarial parties and
there's a neutral judge but what happens
if your accuser your antagonist the
prosecutor is also the decider you can't
even push back for fear you'll inflame
and offend them and you heard the judge
in Canterbury well so what
you're in danger so automatic yo is that
how we make law through passion and
anger as opposed to dispassionate reason
that's the law contempt of court it's a
very bizarre and quirky and abstract an
obscure form of law that's where I went
Tommy went to court in Canterbury a year
ago why did we have three lawyers you
really need three lawyers for one of
them
Jonathan Grimes was the name criminal
eye expert one of them Adam King was an
expert in the matter of contempt of
court and I can't marrow Kowalewski he
was the fancy QC as we had three lawyers
there we have three lawyers a bit of a
dream team junior dream team because
it's that quirky and that tough and
godsakes got to keep the guy to jail and
what bugs me about this case and Tommy
on Friday is how it went from grabbing
off the street to throw him in jail in
ours and the actual hearing was minutes
there was no dream team there there was
no dream team there it was Tommy's sort
of standby lawyer but she wasn't even
allowed to be there because she was I
think in an airplane at the time so they
didn't even even his regular lawyer
wasn't there it was just some duty
council like a public defender who was
thrown in there I think this case should
be appealed okay let me catch up let me
catch up there's some super chats let me
scroll back up I'm sorry if I missed him
okay William edger as long as this goes
to a fund for Tommy I'm cool with it
okay well let me be crystal clear the
fund we had yesterday was for the
challenging the the publication ban when
we learned this morning that it was
lifted we've stopped and there's an
update on the website you can see that
let us report there's an update I am NOT
crowdfunding for Tommy because his
family in his lawyer has specifically
said wait till we talk to Tommy don't do
anything so I'm not going to so the
super chat money is just every everyday
we do this super chat with the rebel and
it's just part of how we pay our bills
so I want to be crystal clear I have no
authority to raise money for Tommy
although I would I have in the past and
I've offered to the family and the
lawyer says wait till we talk to Tommy
so there's no way in hell I'm gonna
meddle or raise funds in his name if I
don't have his approval let me see if
I've missed any other super chats I
don't think I have if I have forgive me
it's 12:42 time flies I have some videos
that I was going to show you let me just
assure you the rest on Friday put up the
court publication manages to remind
people people say that can't be true
that can't be true well yeah here's the
publication man that was issued on
Friday
His Honour Judge Marcin QC made the
following order under Section 4 - the
content before court act since it
appears to be necessary for avoiding
substantial risk of prejudice to the
administration of justice in these
proceedings the publication of any
report of these proceedings shall be
postponed until after the conclusion of
the trial so that had the strives and
effect right more people talked about it
than ever because of that attempted ban
I see that I have a couple more super
chests let me read them now mr. ghost
was kind enough to chip in ten pounds
ten quid as they say in the UK thank you
for helping to keep the voice of freedom
of live in the UK there's a shame we
need outside help to protect the very
rights of our citizens and I appreciate
your work for my freedom of speech so
that's nice to say I I must note that
there were two other media outlets in
the UK that also care about this and I
think they just got going a few hours
earlier than we did because our lawyer
as he was preparing said Ezra good news
it's been lifted so we stopped don't
Jamie Barrett at him that's Latin says
see the ballot of Tommy Owen Benjamin
YouTube alright well that you know what
I I'm not very familiar with on bench
for anybody here good thing so I'll have
to check that out
I see another one ally Clark $10 thank
you very much I believe they lifted
publication ban on Tommy so leftist MSM
can spin the story alright I think that
may be a political thinking but let me
tell you a story have you heard of
Nathan Sharansky can we google his image
and put it up Nathan Sharansky was born
Anatoly Sharansky as the name suggests
he's Russian and he was born into the
Soviet Union which was an authoritarian
communist regime and he was a dissident
a democracy activist who was thrown in
prison and he didn't break he didn't
break and he was in prison in the gulag
in Siberia with other dissidents and
you'll remember what when Ronald Reagan
became president he called the Soviet
Union the evil empire this is almost 40
years ago the evil empire and for those
of you of my vintage or later you'll
know that you'll remember that now he
was mocked and ridiculed by the liberal
media of his day you think you think
Donald Trump is the first Republican
president to be mocked by the media no I
can assure you they went after Ronald
Reagan Ronald Reagan was more polite and
friendly than Donald Trump so they
didn't really paint him as like a groper
or a Vulgarian they painted him as dumb
and as like a cowboy and in fact he had
been an actor in an area earlier Korean
he had their shots of him as a cowboy
he's and dopey cowboy and so when he
said the Soviet Union is the evil empire
all the fancy people the John Kerry's of
that time the Hillary Clinton's at that
time said oh no no that's not how it
done
you can't speak that way and the entire
global media mocked Ronald Reagan for
calling up the evil empire and I'm
coming to my point so Anatoly Sharansky
was in prison in solitary confinement
like Tommy isn't that funny I'm talking
about another political prisoner you
tell me the difference between Sharansky
and Tommy Robinson
so Sharansky said his KGB guards threw
in front of him
Pravda is vest year whatever was which
had the story of this American cowboy
calling the Soviet Union the evil empire
so was page after page denouncing Reagan
as a buffoon as a war monger as an
ignoramus as a simpleton all the things
they said about him but buried amongst
the thousands of words of calumny was
his actual quote evil empire so
understand what Sharansky was reading in
the Pravda prophet of the propaganda
outlet evil empire surrounded by
thousands of words of condemnation but
that was the happiest day of his
confinement he says because he knew
enough to ignore the propaganda
surrounding those two words he wasn't
dumb do you think I think he believed
problems he knew he knew the fake news
media when he saw it but there was two
words of truth in the whole thing what
Reagan actually said evil empire and he
said he was ecstatic because he knew
someone out there was speaking truth to
power was calling evil by its proper
name and sure Manske and he's told the
story many I heard him tell this story
directly but you can he told the story
once to the Weekly Standard you can find
it online it's a great story he says the
prisoners started tapping the news out
you know how they communicated with each
other in various cells by tapping on the
plumbing pipes like on the pipes tapping
in Morse code or whatever tap tap tap
tap tap tap telling the message to each
other that the president the United
States the new president the United
States Ronald Reagan was calling the
Soviet Union and the evil empire and
once you get that part right it's just a
matter of time till you get the other
parts right well what do we do about
this evil empire how do we fix it until
then under Jimmy Carter oh no no that's
not an evil empire these are good people
just like us that's what Donald Trump
strengths by the way it's calling things
like like they are instead of pretending
whether its North Korea or Iran or
global warming or the
and that's one term strengths so that's
an extremely long answer Ally that's my
way of saying you said let me read your
super chat again I believe they lifted
the publication ban on Tommy so leftist
MSM can spin the story well yes they can
but underneath a thousand words of
defamation and slander and calumny
against Tommy Robinson will be a grain
of truth he was arrested for reporting
and he was thrown in jail for 13 months
and so all the rest of it is just
verbiage and I'm glad this publication
bamboozled and there was another
conservative out there who said no no no
don't do this no no no let the truth
come out sunshine the best disinfectant
sin Brandeis and the point here is
people will be able to see through the
BBC lies the Piers Morgan lies and then
we'll get the truth and they will come
to their own decision the same way and
it's only Sharansky saw through it v6
said thank you rabble Tommy deserves a
medal for patriotic valor he absolutely
does he won't get it of course because
the fancy people are in charge of ain't
giving out medals sculpture says free
Tommy fight the Islamic invasion expose
the UN keep fighting and educate the
left well you know what it's tough to
educate the left especially the capital
L left the professional left the paid to
be protesters left but there are people
who fall away from the left when they
see its excesses and reform themselves
and a lot of people I mean Tommy
Robinson is so been so slurred by the
mainstream media I remember my very
first interview with him in fact I
tweeted it the other day I was nervous
because every single thing I had heard
about Tommy Robinson had come from the
mainstream media he's racist he's
anti-semitic he's violent and I don't
want to hang out with something like
that so I put those my very first
interview I tweeted it on Friday he can
find it I said are you racist what do
you think the Jews like I asked him he's
done questions and he gave a good answer
I just want to ask him and they were
sort of dumb questions and it's a little
bit embarrassing to ask a stranger are
you a racist because that's rude and
itself and we're not used to being rude
but I thought well let's let's Lance the
boil here are your aren't you and I can
assure you he's not let's check the time
it's 1250 we've got 10 minutes left I
have more video clips and
I want to show you do we have the Tommy
drawing the burkas one handy let me set
this up one of the things Tommy did
first and I know I'm reminiscing here
but I I don't want to just be on the
hard news right I just don't want to be
on the bad news the sad news the
upsetting news and there's not even that
much to say until we hear reports from
his lawyer his team when he actually
instructed them from prison so one of
the things I want to do besides raging
against the unfairness here is I want to
tell you some fun stories of when Tommy
was out and speaking freely and this
goes to Tommy in prison when Tommy was
in prison of course he requested to be
in solitary otherwise he would be killed
and what do you do when you're in
solitary for threat twenty three and a
half hours today well you you read try
and stay sane and Tom I won't describe
it to you I'll just show it to you can
we load the clip in can we set the the
start so we we get straight to the fun
part here's Tommy going through the
daily papers in the UK for us with some
good jokes about being in prison TV
let's just make this a bit more
user-friendly
still see a nipple doe you send it
you know what this is a funny story that
when I was in prison I was in Wandsworth
prison I was down the block which was
salty environments there's six sails
down and I had five the other cells on
Muslims and this is what I used to do
every day my family used to get my
newspaper sent in so I could keep
up-to-date with the news while I was
down there and every day I'd get a
newspaper and this is exactly what I do
so I've read the newspaper and the first
time I've done it other ways the arguing
all the Muslims down there
and the first time I've done it because
I had so much time wasn't such an
environment we a half hours a day that's
how much time I've read the newspaper
I'd go for every single bit of flesh and
a woman and I'll do this and then I pass
it under the door that's barely that's
how you won in it so I passed it under
the door I say we gather press the bell
get the screw to come I say pass that's
a cell next door and then I've sat there
the first time I've done it I know I
mean I've done every single thing like
this every single bit of skin it was
covered and this muslin next door his
name was Hobbs from Jamaica combat of
course and and when they've receipt when
he's received the paper I've just heard
this howling and you know the first
thing he's done is he's got for the page
freed about was bloke you are he's in
jail he's gone for the page free but
he's gotten to the page three that's way
seen and he's crying laughter we're both
laughing our heads off I said that's
what you wonder that's what you want
this is what you want to see it's pretty
funny if then I guess you gotta find
your humor where you can if you're in
prison and that's the funny thing like
he had this banter with his Muslim
maybe you heard what he said that all
the other cells were Muslim prisoners in
the UK this guy was a convert and he bed
of course he still wants to see the page
three girl in the UK they're topless
over there he's in prison there's no
women in prison and Muslim or not you
want to take a look Tommy was making
them halal
instead of Haram I thought that was
pretty funny someone today in the UK
said well can Tommy even eat
his meals are being prepared in the
prison kitchen by Muslim chefs is there
a chance that he might be poisoned that
sounds like a prison rumor and gossip
and a conspiracy theory but it rings
true enough to make me concern because
he can kill a man in 10 different ways
if he's trapped in prison it makes me
nervous
Tommy's place is not in a prison um we
only have above six minutes left I think
there's one more super chat let me find
it
Sigma shun 111 I'm an ex Scottish cop
the trial did not fail therefore the
impartiality of the case was upheld if
it didn't fail then there is no case to
answer well the law of contempt of court
does not require that the case be
disqualified or dislodged for the
contempt of court to be found and I say
that based on my recall of what I
learned when Tommy was in court in
Canterbury as in you don't have to
successfully up end a trial you don't
have to get it disqualified and declared
a mistrial for you yourself to be guilty
of contempt of court you can it's like
an attempted the attempt itself the
effort the action and there's a strict
liability to it I think it's it's an
obscure area of law and it does not meet
the normal test in our system of having
a neutral decider
if someone's angry at you and summons
you and has the right to punish you and
there's no neutral decider that is not
our system of law that we're used to
12:56 and that you know I really didn't
have a chance to get into things I guess
the main news I wanted to tell you is
that yesterday afternoon we hire we set
up our website let us report calm
earlier that day I had spoken with
Daniel Burke the lawyer we hired for
Chelsea rights case and he was just
giving her Full Tilt but the lawyer for
the independent got to court faster
and that's a good thing so we put an
update on our website but I wanted to
let you know about activities that we
had done in answer the question earlier
we will not be grout crowdfunding for
Tommy until he asks us to which is not
gonna metal and anyone who is crowding
for Tom crab funding for Tommy until
then he's doing someone in unauthorized
manner and I'm not going to judge them
I'm just telling you I'm going to follow
to the letter what the family tells me
to do because I do not want to interfere
with their decisions I should tell you
for my Canadian viewers we have a lot of
Brits and Americans watching today that
on tonight's show I will talk about
something else other than Tom and we've
talked about Tommy two shows in a row on
the answer levin show that's my 8 p.m.
Eastern Time show tonight we'll be
talking about the case of the Kinder
Morgan pipeline that the Canadian
government is apparently going to
nationalize it what a crazy crazy story
I don't think that's of interest to our
American our Britney were so I won't get
into it on a final remember Menace here
I see a super chat from the UK saucy
time calm 30 pounds if Tommy suspended
sentence was three months how was a
13-month sentence justified I say again
I have not read today's transcript or
the transcript from Friday and I'm sure
but I can make a guess and the guess was
there would be the three months
suspended sentence from Canterbury
that's instantly triggered and then the
additional penalty would come from the
judge in Leeds meeting out punishment
for whatever he claims happened there so
it sounds to me like that 13 months
would be a composite of the three months
suspended sentence from when he was in
Canterbury plus 10 months new and I say
again based on the video evidence I have
inspected based on my own understanding
of where Tommy was what he said and and
other facts that I've already shared
with you I believe that Tommy did
actually nothing wrong this time and
that the just the justice the judge
mistook what happened and given the
extremely hasty move from arrest to
hearing to conviction to sentencing I do
not believe that these facts were fully
canvassed and I don't believe that Tommy
had a fully competent lawyer I'm not
disparaging the
to the lawyer I'm saying contempt of
court is an obscure area of law
the duty council the the lawyer who's
just there for indigent clients would be
an expert in common assault in drunk and
disorderly in in causing a disturbance
in bar fights in in things about you
know shoplifting things of a common and
basic matter common assault things like
that to drunk and disorderly maybe some
traffic offenses a basic duty council
would have a good enough command in
those but I simply do not believe that
the duty council the public defender the
lawyer assigned to Tommy would have ever
handled a contempt of court case and so
to rush to judgment without all the
facts without Tommy's own lawyer let
alone an expert in contempt of court law
and to have this extreme sentence of 13
months I think deeply demands an appeal
I'll pay attention to what Tommy's
lawyers say if they want help will give
him the help if not we'll just cover
this as journalists do we were ready to
go and lift the publication ban we were
taking steps we hadn't hired a lawyer an
old friend of Tommy's from last year but
we didn't need to proceed
I see it's one o'clock the hour goes by
so quickly I'll be back tomorrow if
there's more news on Tommy we'll talk
about it then I thank you for joining us
we call this battle ground and do it
every day from 12 noon to Easter time
thank you to those who chipped in for
the super chat and until tonight for my
Canadian friends and tomorrow for our
friends around the world good night and
keep fighting for freedom
you
