GameChanger
oh my gosh out in Tennessee they're
having this big Senate battle it's
Marsha Blackburn against Phil Berenson
and holy cow we have had divine
intervention Taylor Swift who apparently
is some sort of singing person has
intervened in favor of Phil Berenson
everything is over write it off people
because Hollywood has spoken and what it
says is really stupid this is take that
with Kurt Schlichter so first of all
let's address a big issue I got this
weird thing on my eye my eye swelled up
because of an allergy so as you're
listening to me don't be going with his
eye what's wrong as I eyes fine don't
worry you know what else is fine Marsha
Blackburn because it looks like she's
gonna win despite Taylor Swift jumping
into this this race now I don't know
anything about Taylor Swift I'm not even
sure I've heard of her song I find her a
bland weird-looking generic girl and I'm
just like what is the fascination with
this person but young and stupid people
apparently think she's very very
important and so does Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift thinks she's so important
that her political insights may affect
this race except how insightful was she
now Phil Berenson is running a very
conservative state and he's kind of what
is a conservative Democrat so he's
pretending to be a conservative Democrat
until James O'Keefe when in filmed his
people going now he's just being he's
just being conservative soon as he gets
to Washington he'll be Chuck Schumer's a
biatch anyway so he's per day because
sir he's like well I probably would have
voted for Cavanaugh spoiler no he
wouldn't have but anyway he's publicly
down for Cavanaugh and Taylor Swift
comes along and says yeah you know for
Berenson because you know he represents
women's rights in a liberal way in the
way we liberals consider it doing it and
look a squirrel what a pretty squirrel
and Taylor Swift
I don't think Taylor Swift's that Swift
I don't think she's a smart girl again
people tell me that she's a talented
singer
but all I hear is this hiya high-pitched
whine because they auto-tune everything
and again she's you know she's pretty
but not sexy she kind of looks like this
weird Barbie doll except you know very
yeah whatever okay maybe a like Taylor
Swift but do you like her politics and
if you like her politics why do you like
her politics she's Taylor freakin Swift
okay it's not like she has studied this
stuff in death all right as far as I
know Taylor Swift's entire world
revolves around other singers who she's
dating now I only have a tangential
connection to this because I have a
teenager so I hear some Taylor Swift
related news but it's now I got read TMZ
or watch TMZ or and it's not like I
follow Taylor Swift on Twitter and I
assume she's on Twitter because everyone
is on Twitter I'm on Twitter you should
follow me on Twitter I will not be
tweeting in a manner you know similar to
Taylor Swift so let's get that out of
the way what does this show you
so she's intervene this is supposed to
change something and apparently it has
because Marcia Marcia Blackburn is now
has now taking a significant lead um why
don't why do these Hollywood people
think that they actually are going to
affect things in a positive way for
their people do they think that they're
somehow good role models were the people
of Tennessee go you know if Taylor Swift
things feel Berenson's good I bet you
his trade policies are solid I bet you
his a position on health care is good to
go I don't I don't know I don't I don't
see that it's a discussion that's coming
up much the whole thing is so baffling
and bizarre but let's face it the
Democrats are desperate and the
Democrats should be desperate everywhere
you go the Blue Wave is becoming kind of
a blue foamy mass you know those like
pathetic waves where when one fails I
live near the beach this is how I talk
so anyway they are not doing well and
it's all because of Cavanaugh Cavanaugh
totally change like high camp in Montana
she's toast
test her in menthe I'm sorry hi came
from North Dakota test her in Montana
he's looking like he's having a tough
time
Donnelly's having a tough time McCaskill
in Missouri having a tough time she's
probably gonna lose two they were hoping
to take the Senate they'll be lucky if
we don't add three or four seats in the
house House races are closing they're
closing in on the Democrat leaders a
Democrats looked like they were going to
take it now now we're not so sure and if
I had to bet money on it and maybe I
will I put money on the Republicans
keeping the house we're gonna lose some
seats but that's okay the bottom line is
this is desperation time for them they
blew it on Cavanaugh they did something
that was transparently unfair
transparently unamerican that is trying
to condemn somebody without any kind of
due process and we all saw it men looked
at and said that could be me women
looked at and so that could be my
husband my brother my son it's just
wrong you know what's good be fun though
when they do lose how crazy they go
remember the video compilations we saw
those screaming at the sky when Hillary
lost all the aula crying people it's
gorgeous
sometimes when I'm sad I go on YouTube
and review them we're gonna see that in
spades now maybe maybe when when they
lose again when Phil Berenson and the
rest of them lose maybe Taylor Swift or
record a new song a new song about how
sad she is I might give that a listen
this is take that with Kurt selectively
if you like what you see here why not
subscribe to the rubble Media there's
all sorts of great people and you can
come on here and you see all sorts of
stuff you can see me outside the paywall
for free every Tuesday and Friday you
can get my townhall articles every
Monday and Thursday they're always a
blast and you can follow me on Twitter
if you dare at Kurt Schlichter but
remember stay here at the rebel for the
best in conservative commentary this is
take that with Kurt
