Deadpool two broke the fourth wall and
in the box-office success but what makes
Deadpool two so refreshing wasn't more
guns swords or crude sex jokes it was
actually the female superhero armpit err
just kidding that was really really
weird but what does make Deadpool 2 so
refreshing is the fact that it is so
insane it can actually make politically
incorrect jokes and get away with it
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
Deadpool 2 was made for a hundred and
ten million dollars but it may back all
of its money already opening weekend so
they're doing just fine now Ryan
Reynolds is the lead of the movie and
he's one of the most fun actors to watch
in Hollywood on screen he's absolutely
hilarious he actually was involved with
production and with the writing so he
slipped a lot of snoo on stuff in the
movie it was great to watch as you know
from the first movie Deadpool this is a
meta movie where it breaks the fourth
wall and talks directly to you bringing
you into the actual jokes in the story
it's really funny but this fourth wall
break also allows them to do some really
unique things with the story and comedy
which makes it really fun so let's get
into it as a movie I'm gonna give
Deadpool to a four out of five now this
movie is the classic if you like the
first one do you like the second one
it's pretty much the same thing rehashed
with nothing extraordinarily new about
it I did love Josh Brolin as cable in
this movie and as you know he played
Thanos and the Avengers infinity war a
few weeks ago he's pretty much in
everything Sicario to Josh Brolin is
just easing everything now also this
movie does have a lot of heart which
allows it to have more levels than just
mindless action on screen there's a lot
of inside jokes that are great it's
funny it's action-packed there are a few
CGI fighting moments that you know are
just like so outrageous that you don't
really invest yourself in it there's one
moment that the movie does kind of slow
down a bit which surprising for a movie
that had so many things thrown at you in
the first one but it's still a great fun
ride really fun as a movie now as they
fill I'll give Deadpool 2 a 4 out of 5
now what Deadpool 2 did so well is it
played to its strengths one of the
things that it has that no other
superhero movie can do is talk directly
to the audience and get away with it and
because the movie is so insane and
doesn't take itself seriously it's
allowed some leeway to actually get some
politically correct jokes across like
there are actually jokes about cultural
appropriation inclusivity feminism and
racism all its kind of stuff is actually
out there
now obviously now the jokes were poking
fun and people on the left there was
plenty of stuff to go around at people
on the right and that was totally fine
it was refreshing to see a balance for
once and I can enjoy both sides now I do
think it's hilarious that the only joke
that's really being talked about right
now in the media is the fact they
mentioned Jared Kushner when they're
describing a white guy and I guarantee
you that 95% of people watching Deadpool
2 could not pick Jared Kushner out in a
police lineup all they know is I've
heard that on CNN so he must be a
Republican white guy so I should laugh
at that one of the best examples of them
being able to get away with political
and correctness in this movie are two
characters on screen there's a
girl and her girlfriend and the
girlfriend is the most stereotypical
teenage Asian girl ever the way she
talks the way she moves everything was
just hilarious and they were poking for
the stereotype I'm like oh my goodness
how are they gonna get away with this
how they not gonna get this ban and then
I realized well they made her also the
first openly gay superhero couple on
screen so it's like they have to let it
fly it was just hilarious now another
way of finding balance of good-looking
kind of gross and weird involved too is
Ozzy beats choice her in her character
Domino to have armpit hair on screen I'm
sure all the feminists that were mad at
gal gadot was Wonder Woman not having
armpit hair we were thrilled Zazi beats
actually says that she chose this
because you know a superhero wouldn't
have time to shave their armpit hair
just like their one time did brush their
teeth shower or eat I guess but yeah
anyway that was their - now my faith in
values is a 3 out of 5 please do not
take your kids to go see this movie
there's a lot of horrible offensive
stuff in this movie that's not what I'm
going to talk about however the values
in the heartbeat of this movie is
actually pretty good you see way dealing
with unbelievable grief and now he's
finding a new purpose and realizes
there's more to life than just living
for yourself seeking ecstasy and
pleasure however the most interesting
take on this movie is the theme of
accountability when does that happen
what does that entail in the movie
there's a young boy who's 14 years old
and he's going to grow up to be a mass
murderer of women and children however
in this situation he realizes the boy is
only 14 years old and he is not
accountable yet he's like this is just a
kid maybe he can change his ways now
this Mercy's not granted to other adults
who chose to do horrible things and who
could have changed their ways in the
future which happens to bring up a very
interesting discussion now the Bible
it's very clear that all children need
to be protected at all costs in fact
Jesus even rebukes his disciples who are
getting in the children's way of getting
to him but it is clear that at some
point you do become accountable for your
actions even though there is never a
specific age listed out which is great
because everyone matures at different
paces but I did like how they addressed
this in the move of the adults that were
sex trafficking or murdering you're
trying to kill others they were just
taken out in a hilarious way as
constantly but a boy who's been raised
in the culture of violence and hostility
and horrors he still has a chance to
repent and be saved he is not fully
accountable for his actions yet I did
kind of like how they found a balance of
finding mercy and hope for people and
also righteous judgment for those doing
horrible things by way of a joke and a
gun
face I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood and another fantastic news you
can now download the rebel a pan take me
with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content in the entire rebel
lineup
you
