the uncertainty has settled today I'm
bringing you a fascinating interview
with an award-winning filmmaker who has
been shunned by his liberal peers for
his own open-mindedness about climate
change last week I went to a film about
climate change because well that's sort
of my thing
and I brought my camera with me to talk
to the filmmaker because I'm a
journalist and that's what I do
the film is called the uncertainty has
settled and the screening was hosted by
our friends at friends of science and it
is not your typical climate change
documentary at all it was made by an
independent filmmaker who spent years
documenting conflict and poverty in
Africa marine pools went back to Europe
to reflect when he noticed something
troubling happening in the West that
troubling thing was energy policy we
face energy poverty in a in a developing
developed nation of the biggest economy
and there was my biggest question fun
how is that possible and when I saw the
debate which is the debate on climate
change which is not there and should be
there and I think here are there we you
know we are also always so good in the
West to say what's wrong in Africa but I
saw something which I didn't experience
in Africa and it's the lack of democracy
the lack of free freedom of opinions and
I thought this is the film I want to
make its an incredible film about what
happens when farmers get more money for
planting wind turbines and biofuels than
crops and livestock the European Council
has agreed on a climate and energy deal
for Europe exam I sharted as the owner
invented and kind a comment on the topic
when Sophia
then we call Sophia Potter film the
farmer has become energy supplier and we
became the activists
and it took me but what troubled Mariah
more than the climate poverty was the
lack of debate my biggest reason why I
want to make that film is that I saw it
the necessary T of a debate which isn't
there and I think that's that's the
biggest thing where we can fight for
because that's called democracy and the
moment the democracy debate is shutting
down Victoria Victoria dictatorship will
replace it and that's you know and I
think that's that's a very decent scare
to fight for Mariah describes himself as
a liberal but the reaction he received
from his left-wing friends and
colleagues was shocking for him I was
very open very well liberal which means
in my eyes that we should open ourselves
for different perspectives in order to
understand them and from there on
seeking for solution but what I noticed
is that when I did that I received quite
some threats hate mails phone calls from
organisations who are calling me you
know it's better to stop screening this
film before you get into real trouble
and what I noticed is among journalists
I had a decent Network and all these
journalists were kept silent as well
because I send out press releases to
these people and you know it remained
silent
we're journalists we should confuse
people that's democracy and now well not
in the time of climate change is under
pressure due to the the rising
right-wing populism
and I said yeah but when it there is a
perspective another perspective so what
is the danger and you know get that
exposure and then they say that there is
something like journalistic
responsibility in it it's quite scary
for me you can find Marines film the
uncertainty has settled on his Vimeo
page or in the link below
climate change policy has a lot of
unintended consequences sometimes it
means farmers produce less food and in
Marines case sometimes it means you find
out who your friends are for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gonna read what you
just saw there is my daily video that I
do here at the rebel but what you might
not know is that I have my own
full-length show it's aptly called the
gun show and we talk about issues facing
Canadian families but to get access to
my show and the rest of our incredible
premium content be sure to become a
rebel subscriber today
you
