you know I remember when Google was knew
they had this trite motto don't be evil
which people would say well of course
don't be evil but here we are in 2018
and this same Google is saying it will
not work with the u.s. Pentagon for
ethical reasons but it is deeply working
with China on this kind of social
censorship where your internet account
is tied to your phone is tied to your
personal info and it's not just deep
censorship it's really real-time
tracking of every single human in China
so that's cool by Google working for the
Pentagon is not and I think some of
these Chinese tactics that they're
learning are being imported to America
and around the world what do you make a
bad eye well one of the striking
positive the document was a way they
talked about the extensive request they
receive from foreign governments and
they show a massive massive their own
internal research they show a massive
spike after 2016 so certainly there's a
lot more pressure on these tech
companies now from state governments to
censor their platforms but Google
doesn't say it's a bad thing in fact
later on in the document they say that
if Google wants Google and other tech
companies who they want to expand
globally continue global expansion they
do have to shift toward censorship and
you know Google told us in there when we
asked which a comment they told us that
this document doesn't reflect company
policy it's just research but in the
case of China the developing this new
sensitive search engine dragonfly the
quality that's gonna have blacklisted
search terms that the Chinese Communist
don't like it's gonna tie users to their
users search to their phone numbers so
clearly they are following the
recommendations of this briefing in that
particular instance it's incredibly
tempting for Google for Facebook for
Twitter to comply with the Chinese
government because it's not just getting
in to the world's most populous market
it's getting in a head of or instead of
your competitors I mean Google and
Facebook are doing enormous the
well in Europe in America around the
world but it's not just about getting
into China it's about getting into China
and keeping out your rivals so it's
almost a race to see who will be the
most submissive and if you you know if
if the Chinese Communist probably comes
with 20 demands and Facebook will meet
ten of them but you'll meet 15 well it's
not just that you're both getting in
your be the only one in that green field
it'll be like it's like a gold rush and
you'll be the first to be able to stake
it out I think that's that's what the
motivation is here it's money and power
and anyone who thinks that these tech
billionaires aren't motivated by those I
think is is deluded what do you think I
agree you've certainly got their
incentives down there but it's quite
terrifying to imagine the merging of
state power with the power of these tech
companies these companies know
everything about everything you search
for everything you email them onto your
emails either they have unprecedented
control over the information we see and
for them to work with horrid hair in
regimes like this is there should be
very very concerning to everyone because
this is a power that you know
authoritarian regimes of the past like
the Soviet Union couldn't even have
imagined that's a really entirely new
kind of all-seeing all-knowing
totalitarianism if Google were to give
in to too many requests by a government
like China's that's an excerpt from my
daily show the as relevant show weekdays
at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
