well hello ladies and gentlemen and the
rest of you I'm David Menzies in for
Ezra Levin who's on assignment and this
is battleground on Friday May the 25th
thank you so much for joining me here
and we already have a technical
difficulty of this little computer
there you go see machines are supposed
to make our lives easier folks but this
one always makes mine harder now as you
know this is a relatively new show and
it's we know we talk about things in the
news we we look at your feedback we
discuss that and I think right off the
hopper for those in in Terry oh wow the
new form Research poll ladies and
gentlemen
it shows the NDP flirting with the
maturity how did this happen just weeks
ago the aterial pcs had like I think a
20-point lead in the race but as of
right now almost half of Ontarians
that's 47 percent said they would
support the NDP a third 33% said they
would support the PCs and one 614
percent said they would support the
Liberals well there's some good news at
least there now I guess the fundamental
question I'd love to hear your feedback
is what went wrong like I said in almost
20 point lead just weeks ago the PCs
under Doug Ford should be cruising right
now I'm no fan of the NDP government saw
what happened in 1990 to 1995 under Bob
Rae of course Bob Rae and his fiscal
disaster he almost looks like a fiscal
conservative compared to what Kathleen
Wynne has done to the province but
already it's a lot of an ominous signals
coming from Andrea Horwath for example
making Ontario a sanctuary province hey
why not you know who cares what the
makers say we need more takers come on
in come on down as they say on the on
the price is right and then you know
some time
really bizarre policies I mean the
economy is the most important thing I
think if that's one 1a is energy and if
you look what Andrea Horwath and her
party is supporting folks the idea of a
job creation program in Pickering home
of the nuclear power plant and the job
creation wouldn't be building a new
nuclear station it would be demolishing
the current one there's actually the
license for that power plant expires on
August 31st of this year there is an
application to extend that another 10
years so when you think about it what
Andrea Horwath is saying under the
auspices of job creation all these great
temporary jobs to tear the plant down
meanwhile 4,500 direct jobs are toast
and according to the Chamber of Commerce
in Ontario 7,500 ancillary jobs are gone
oh and by the way all that power that's
now gone from the grid well I guess
we'll have to go to hydro-qu√©bec and buy
some more of their energy anyways with
those two policy sanctuary province what
she's planning for the energy file I'm
sure you can share some of my discomfort
with where this province might end up
going if indeed and your Horwath becomes
premier but you know it's interesting
speaking of the NDP some troublesome
signs just breaking this morning as a
matter of fact a couple of candidates
with shady pasts taslim Ria's she had a
2013 Facebook posting we look at that
it's a picture of Hitler saluting and
the quote says if you don't like a rule
just follow it reach on the top and
change the rule now folks I'm I'll say
this about using quotes and images of
Adolf Hitler if you're not in support of
the Fuhrer clearly say that you know put
tagline that this was the most
despicable person to a claim to power in
the 20th century otherwise it kind of
looks to me maybe kind of you're
supporting Hitler and his quotation mark
she also had some disturbing things to
say about the Canadian military and you
know the idea of liberals and
conservatives being party to the
slaughter of her Muslim brothers and
sisters that's why you should support
the NDP and of course the states back to
when Jack Layton was still alive and to
throw your support behind Jack so it's
gonna be very interesting to see Andrea
Horwath get out of this pickle does she
dump this candidate because that seems
to be the way it rolls these days folks
I mean we all saw in terms of the
Conservatives what happened to Tanya
Granick Allen just about two and a half
weeks ago I suppose she was
unceremoniously dumped by the
Progressive Conservatives because she
had old social media posts that seemed
to suggest that she was against gay
marriage and she was against the idea of
what I call the hateful haberdashery
that is the burka here's the thing if
she has to walk the plank and keep in
mind
Tanya Granick Allen was the kingmaker
for PC leader Doug Ford if there's no
tenure Granick Allen and her supporters
Doug Ford loses on the first ballot at
the leadership convention to Christine
Elliot but welcome to politics folks
where it's what have you done for me
lately baby because Doug Ford made her
walk the plank
and this ties in to I think why there is
a resurgence right now an NDP popularity
I think when Doug made that misstep and
I really think it was Doug's advisors
but they know let's be honest he's the
leader he can trump his advisors advice
but when doug made that misstep
he took maybe
20% of the base of social conservatives
right out of the picture so it's not as
though these people are going to vote
liberal in NDP I think folks are just
not going to vote they're just gonna sit
at home they're gonna decline their
ballot maybe they'll do a protest vote
vote Trillium or Alliance or libertarian
who knows but it won't be going to the
PC party and I did an informal poll
myself at the last Toronto debate there
was a group of 10 new Granick Allen
supporters outside the city Toronto
studios and I asked every one of them
are you voting PC and they all said no
everyone didn't say who they were voting
for it but they're not voting PC and now
we see these new numbers from form
research whoo this is very dire indeed
oh we have a super chat I hear my missus
producer saying into my ear and I am
just looking for that super chat right
now and I just cannot see it hang on
folks first time doing this
well we will we will get back to that
super chat and in the meantime I want a
the mail tab okay hang on folks just one
second mail tab
okay I am looking for the superchip okay
I apologize again
these machines are supposed to help us
but we all saw how that worked out with
Skynet in the Terminator films but you
know what I would like to get your
opinions on the ascension of the NDP and
the decline of the PCs maybe I'm missing
something out there I think we can all
agree that the Liberals are toast this
is more and more looking like a
catastrophic election campaign for the
Liberals I mean they're they're flirting
with not even being an official party
with the way the numbers are coming so I
would like to see that also on the
subject of what was in the news lately
in terms of the interior election folks
and we'll talk about other issues too
but this is one of the most important
elections I think in Ontario's history
was Doug Ford's promise to bring beer
and wine into the convenience store
channel and of course nothing shows
liberal hypocrisy at its worst when you
talk about even in the 21st century this
whole idea of beer and wine being
liberated from essentially the
government monopoly the LCBO and then
there's the beer store monopoly as well
and well the reason I mean hypocrisy is
you have Kathleen Wynne acting in horror
that I certainly don't want to see
liquor right next to the candy bars and
here's the deal folks in Ontario there
are more than 200 agency LCBO stores now
what that means is in those communities
say Carlton place that is has a
population that's too small to support
an LCBO stand-alone store oh then
suddenly the mom Pavarotti store
suddenly they're socially responsible
enough to carry beer and wine and hard
liquor I might add and there's more than
200 of these stores so how do you
possibly square that that somebody in a
small community
Carlton plays or beaten is socially
responsible enough to sell it and the
people living in those communities are
socially responsible enough to buy it
yet people in Windsor Toronto Hamilton
Ottawa London Windsor you name it those
retailers aren't socially responsible
enough and the people aren't either
here's that super chat I was looking for
alright
still not voting David if you think not
Leigh is bad for Alberta wait for the
Horwath Horwath again and that's a good
one this is about to befall Ontario suck
it up and vote you know what well I am
voting and I don't know if I'll be
working wearing my burqa into the
advanced poll like I did the last
election I might do that to prove a
point but nevertheless I am voting folks
this pains me and it really does this is
this is not stick I have been a big Ford
Nation booster and I love the people in
four nation loved Rob Ford you know this
goes back more than a decade you know
when I was mocked and laughed at for
predicting Rob Ford would be the next
mayor of Toronto but you know I saw Doug
making the same promises over and over
on the circuit
you know promises that we will not be
beholden to the elites that we will be
that will have grassroots nomination
meetings and then you have you know
about a dozen or I think it was like
nineteen candidates appointed and some
of those candidates like Meredith
Cartwright in Toronto Centre hardcore
liberal I mean what's the deal with that
so that's a double negative there also
it also broke my heart that he made tan
your granite cow and walked the plank
what he should have done is he should
have taken a page from Trump he should
have ignored what the mainstream media
was clamoring for Oh what about this
what look what she said back then and
stuck by her and even there within the
party today we have a double standard
and Rulon who used to be with the rebel
he's running Andrew London's a good man
he
said is stuff about Islam about
homosexuality in the context of a radio
broadcaster an entertainer that has been
dredged up and I'm sad to see that
Andrew had to or was told to play the
Mental Illness card I know he struggled
with that in the past and I would never
mock him for that but the whole idea
that there was an eight or nine period
of his life where he's now saying
everything I said during that period of
time was due to mental illness I think
that was a terrible gift to give to the
enemies of conservatives the idea well
look at Angela and he's saying if you
have these kind of conservative
viewpoints you're afflicted with mental
illness anyways
Andrews being allowed to stay on and
then of course our expose from last year
let's not forget about Goldie go marry
the Persian cat who has gone on social
media allegedly under her alias the
Persian cat saying things like
Christianity is gay and Jesus is worm
food
and Stephen Harper was a national
embarrassment and and again a lifelong
liberal well why are these people why is
someone like her in this party and why
can she get away with that kind of
comment so I know maybe I'm being a bit
of a naive chump but I stated publicly
that I would have trouble with the idea
of voting for Doug Ford or my local PC
candidate in Richmond Hill and that
doesn't mean I'm not going to vote and
that doesn't mean I might be persuaded
to change my mind in less than two weeks
we'll see but as it stands now the
platform for the Libertarian Party and
the Libertarian candidate there is one
in my writing is running so that's the
front-runner now because you know folks
you gotta Doug Ford has gotta mean what
he says and he's got to say what he
means and he's he's not doing so right
now and I think he's getting terrible
advice really bad advice and he should
stand up to that but going back to the
subject at hand one thing I do
completely
support Doug Ford on is the idea of beer
and wine in convenience stores and think
about this folks this is not just a PC
party initiative did you know that the
biggest petition ever assembled in the
history of Ontario was one organized by
the Ontario convenience store
Association called free our beer to
bring beer into the corner store more
than 400,000 signatures that goes back
five years ago 400,000 signatures
delivered to the Ontario legislature
saying get this done and already forget
about the agency stores all convenience
stores are certainly most of them sell
age-restricted products
tobacco lottery tickets adult magazines
fireworks why do we lose our stuff when
it comes to beverage alcohol and here's
another thing there has been a study
that showed that the challenge and
refusal rates by the private sector
convenience stores are actually better
than the government-run LCBO chain and
the beer store chain and I'll tell you
why it's better folks if these operators
get caught in a sting selling to a minor
well you're going to be fined you'll
eventually lose your license to sell
your age-restricted
products and therefore you are out of
business yet if some of you might
remember back in the Sun News Network
days we had a little caper where we had
a 15 year old boy wearing a burka go
into several LCBO stores buying hard
liquor sambuca and not once was he
challenged and refused not once was he
asked for ID and when we revealed that
guess what did any of the employees face
a suspension not that I want that to
happen but we know what would happen if
that was a convenience store selling a
pack of smokes to an underage person did
those LCBO stores have a suspension of
operation of a few weeks or a few months
no the government simply shrugged and
said you know what stuff happens we'll
try better next time it is
an abominable situation and this is why
I think that's a winning point for Doug
Ford Kathleen Wynne and Andrea Horwath
are against the idea of beer and wine in
the corner store which is of course all
the more reason to support the idea I
tend to look at Kathleen Wynne and
Andrea Horwath and see what they say on
an issue and then I will believe or
support the precise opposite now let me
turn to some of the response okay anyone
know a better country to live in because
I will go boom sold in general stores in
Martin town and avonmore Ontario that's
from Phoenix now I haven't been to those
to that those communities FA but I would
assume they are too small to house an
LCBO standalone store and again I say so
what if the policy is we can only
entrust government to sell liquor then
why does that rule change based on the
population of a community total
hypocrisy and what we have from Vicki
Vale new I am still hoping for a Ford
win we need to make this happen and you
know what Vicki given the choice of the
three parties I'm with you I am with you
100%
despite the warts and blemishes that
Ford has you know the broken promises
which I wish never happened and didn't
have to happen that's a very important
point he didn't have to go down that
road but he's done this to himself by
alienating social conservatives when he
didn't have to have he said that given a
liberal NDP or PC government running
this province oh my goodness PC 100%
and Jonathan Bryant writes you would
think that sanctuary Ontario would kill
the NDP well you would think but I don't
know I think we now live in a society
that the there's less
iiiiii it's less about being a maker and
more about being a taker it's I want
free this free that free education free
free dental free prescriptions you know
folks I think there's a change in the
mindset with a large segment of the
population and what I'm saying by that
is in yesterday aid you know you'd be at
the side of the road you see a beautiful
Cadillac drive by and you'd say well
what a car you know I'm gonna work
really hard I'm gonna get an education
I'm gonna get myself to a point in life
where I can go into a Cadillac
dealership and buy that Eldorado and now
it's why does that guy have a Cadillac
and I don't have a car how do I get that
wealth redistributed so that I can get a
car that seems to be a mindset out there
I think it's been brought about by
decades of indoctrination in the school
not just post-secondary but in you know
elementary schools even that this
leftist Marxist mindset has set in and
it's something that we're gonna have to
deal with because as you all know folks
by looking at your deductions on your
pay stub nothing is free what else do we
have here
okay Zed hero thoughts on the Tommy
Robinson
arrest well it is breaking news this is
precisely what Azra is hard at work
right now from what I understand Tommy
was filming outside the court and
supposedly this is some breach
you know folks this is another
heartbreaker for me to see what a
bastion of free speech that the UK is or
the UK was is now becoming they see a
fellow like Tommy Robinson who is
politically incorrect in certain circles
including the ruling class that would
seem in the UK who don't want any kind
of coverage about for example Muslim
rape gangs and so it's literally
shoot the messenger time I don't have
all the facts
Ezra's gonna be presenting something in
his show today so stay tuned for that
because this is a big story and if what
I'm reading is true this is really an
egregious way to shut down Tommy
Robinson and it's like this folks it's
even if they don't get a criminal
conviction here's the deal
it is monetarily penalizing Tommy it is
saying - Tommy indirectly that yeah we
may lose in the court of law
we're gonna drain you we're gonna drain
you for six figures how do you like
those apples disgusting okay well folks
mr. producer tells me we have to do a ad
for rebel life so I am going to hand it
over that stay tuned more a battleground
to come after this we're gonna discuss
topics that the political elites in the
media party don't want us to discuss
political correctness be damned
the past is enough of a principle to
guide the world by perhaps we are in
better touch with the pulse of the
country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in the spike together
can you see over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times most
modernism is a sophisticated philosophy
tells its raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
you know I hope you guys are gonna come
to the rebel live less than two weeks
away folks we did this last June it was
a blast it was a packed house and well
you saw that line up it's it's gonna be
a blast this time around - so much to
talk about you're gonna be in a friendly
environment so good to go to an event to
cover it or to be the emcee in this case
and not get shoved and kicked and spat
upon int foul or you know the usual
suspects that we run into on our our
capers so and and also I love seeing the
people behind the names you know see a
face behind that name that we come to
you know get accustomed to with the
electronic means of communication so if
you haven't already bought your ticket
please do so I guarantee you'll have a
good time actually I take that back I
shouldn't say I guarantee that because
then you're all gonna come to me and go
well we didn't have a good time give me
my money
okay I'm to work for that folks but I I
strongly urge you to to come to rebel
live and I'm pretty sure 99.9% sure that
you're gonna have a great time now we
have another super chat
Ezra's first two regulars do we have to
pay super chats till you let Azra go
well I'm not sure what that means but
you know we we do appreciate any kind of
monetary advancement with the super chat
so you know please keep them coming so
where were we
also on the election you know I have the
I'm really a dinosaur folks I still buy
the newspapers the print editions I'm
one of the few left I suppose so let's
see what's on the front page of today's
Toronto Sun well look at that you know
my journalism teacher at Ryerson back in
the day in the early eighties he would
pass over with a pat you know we would
have a heart attack if he saw this the
front page is an ad it's an actual
and it's for Indo Chino they're having
now get this a red white and blue
Memorial Day sale are we celebrating
Memorial Day in this country I'm not
sure but one second folks
we have another super check coming in
and I think I I think I missed it but
I'm gonna try oh here we are
all right from Maryland Nielsen here in
Alberta we have private standalone
liquor outlets not corner grocery stores
which are highly successful and serve a
double benefit of cutting out overpaid
provincial government union employees
well as a matter of fact Maryland you've
had those for a couple of decades at
least I think the Alberta system went
private in the late 80s if memory serves
that makes it somewhat unique elsewhere
in Canada it's either a government
monopoly or it's kind of a hybrid like
in Quebec you can go to the de panier
that you know the corner store there and
buy a bottle of wine or a six-pack of
beer and lo and behold folks whenever I
go to Quebec and I go to add a panier
despite what the critics say there's not
a whole bunch of fourteen-year-old kids
in the parking lot getting drunk on cold
45 I mean that this is the doom and
gloom pitcher that's always presented
when it comes to the thought of the
private sector selling booze and I got
to tell you this to folks true story
1986 I was in Santa Barbara California a
friend of mine put me up for a couple of
days I had driven down from Alberta I
was a reporter in Northeast Alberta at
the time and I wanted to show my friend
some gratitude so I went out to a liquor
store in California and Santa Barbara to
buy a case a Budweiser and I was
challenged and and refused even though
my driver's license it was an Alberta
driver's license at the time clearly
showed I was 23 the drinking age is 21
so I'm two years over and what this
fellow said to me at the store was if
it's out-of-state let alone out of
country identification and you don't
look to be over 30 our policy is we do
not sell to you because there are
state-run stings and I've
believe he said the first time is a
warning the second time is is something
like a $50,000 fine the third time a
third strike you're out you can't sell
alcohol anymore so basically what he
told me and another store told me and a
third store told me was that the profit
we're getting off of a case of Budweiser
isn't worth our livelihood in case you
are part of a sting
I finally got served at a grocery store
in Santa Barbara
the cashier had to call the manager and
the manager intently looked at my
license and it was like a life-and-death
decision they took mercy on me and
that's how I got the case of beer for
our friend but it just goes to show you
that the whole idea that the private
sector you know will sell this to a
ten-year-old just to make some profit it
is absolute rubbish so Marilyn good for
you support those those local stores in
your province and we have from MD Pulu
the powers that be are counting on the
masses being dumbed down and uninformed
promises promises you know it's funny MD
that you sent that in I was driving into
rebel headquarters today and because
traffic barely moves in the GTA at rush
hour every time I was at a signalized
intersection and because it's a gorgeous
day in Toronto it's in the high 20s and
everyone's got their windows down I look
around and you know I look at people and
they're in very nice vehicles and all
I'm hearing is music coming from those
vehicles and here's the thing when I'm
driving I'm always listening to talk
radio I want to be informed there's so
much in the news right now and I just
looked around at every time I was near
another car it was just tunes coming out
listen do the tunes you know when you're
on your bike ride and you need an
adrenaline rush did the tunes at the gym
right but you know you got to be
informed there was just so much
happening so I agree with you there is
this voluntary disengagement I would say
and it it just struck me today for no
other reason
so your email is very coincidental and I
like this one from Rick boys 100 maybe
Prince Harry will use this helicopter to
get to knock me out
not sure where the royal family stands
on all this and Sheila Gunn
Oh Sheila the battleground is great but
it needs more accents well if you know
in the end she'll live with an accent to
write in do so and Amy cape and says
doubt a tricky and there you go now
getting back to the issue at hand I was
showing you the front page of the Sun
which is an ad oh by the way the front
page of the National Post isn't that
same ed happy Memorial Day everybody I
thought that was an American holiday so
what you have to do these days is you
have to peel back the front page of a
newspaper which is an ad kind of like an
onion so we'll get rid of that and now
this is funny this is our friend Joel
Warmington his story is left hook and
it's about an NDP candidate vits
Vanderpool maybe his name will now be
Deadpool if this sticks to his political
career he's an NDP candidate and
evidently he has a penchant for getting
involved in the oil wrestling business
there he is with one of the oil
wrestlers this is something I think you
see at strip clubs you know mud
wrestling oil wrestling I'm one that
avoids strip clubs I got to tell you
folks I mean they put it to you this way
and then in the cleanest language
possible me going to a strip club that
would be like bringing a starving
homeless man to an all-you-can-eat
banquet and saying you can look at the
food but you can't actually eat anything
okay so I just don't see that the
rationale for for that kind of self
inflicted torture especially at places
that I here have the audacity to charge
more than $4 a beer than anyone else
would ever dare to do but you know at
the end of the day oil wrestling is not
illegal I'm not quite sure why it's
getting the front page
treatment and again you know from this
candidates past I understand so for me
personally somebody involved in the oil
wrestling business whatever that
business is like that's not a
make-or-break point for me and so let me
hear from you if you found out that the
candidate you were supporting was
involved in the oil wrestling business
does that make you change your mind or
or stay home on Election Day so let's
see what we have reading the newspaper
together brilliant well thank you turbo
Jones
and modern ginger missus men Zoid
wouldn't be happy if you went think she
would actually and pilot Barbie great
idea turbo and it goes on so anyways
that that's the that's the front but now
there's a more serious issue also Joe
Warmington has been doing great work on
this and we call it poppy gate by the
way this is a pet peeve of mine folks I
mean going back to the early 70s with
the Watergate Hotel why is it that every
scandal in the last almost 50 years has
to have the suffix gate attached on to
it I mean if the Watergate Hotel was
simply the Hilton would we be calling it
poppy Hilton scandal so isn't it time to
retire gate or is this gonna live on
forever
but we have a candidate Joe Warmington
broke this story Laura coming car she
won't wear a poppy she doesn't it she
goes off on by the way this is a
librarian you'd expect the librarian to
be well read that doesn't appear to be
the case to her it's all about
glorifying war it's all about you know
the industrial military complex she goes
on and on you know you don't have to
wear a poppy and it's your right not to
wear a poppy and it's a right to speak
out against a poppy
the irony that seems lost on Laura and
others of her ilk is that if there
wasn't such bloodshed on the battlefield
millions of men sacrificing their lives
you wouldn't have this freedom you would
be in a totalitarian state that never
seems to dawn on them they can't connect
those dots folks but Joe has a follow up
story and here it is the NDP Leader
Andrea Horwath she is at a Remembrance
Day ceremony and will you look at that
I'm not sure what point of the ceremony
this is please please not let it be the
minute of silence but she is texting
away on her phone
now folks I'll say this if whenever
you're in a place that's not appropriate
to have a cell phone turn it off put it
on vibrate put it in your back pocket
unless you are a surgeon on call and
you're expecting something to come in
you know from the ER that you're needed
right away don't take out your phone
Andrea you could have waited I'm sure
another couple of minutes before
addressing whatever that text was about
but that is shameful at a Remembrance
Day ceremony that is sacred I mean it's
still sacred now maybe things will
change in the generations to come
but right now that's despicable and
don't do that put away your put away
your devices so let's see what else we
have prophet one one one liberal ship is
sinking NDP is taking autumn acts
jumping overboard oh they are and you
know it's the funny thing is prophet is
that going back to the last election
certainly you almost felt sorry for
Andrea Horwath and I say that was kind
of with tongue-in-cheek but the liberal
platform actually was left of centre of
the NDP I mean I know of I guess you
could call them classical liberals that
look at the premier Wynne agenda and
they say hey this is not what I've
signed up for
this is not what I wanted so the idea of
a liberal rat jumping ship to the NDP
there they're almost interchangeable in
fact I believe was the elementary school
teachers Federation that big public
sector Union which was in bed with the
Liberals they've endorsed the NDP and
again it kind of goes back to Tanya
granite gallon right I mean want to get
done for me lately they see where the
liberal fortunes are headed and even
though Kathleen Wynne and our
predecessor Dalton McGuinty were so
beholden to the teachers and their
unions suddenly it's we kind of like the
shade of orange right now in 2018 yeah
orange is the new red so there you go
there is no loyalty and Evan's sour
rights silent majority just like the US
when they elected Trump you know what
Evan I can't argue that point you might
be right and this speaks to the quality
of polling today there are so many polls
I mean when you see these polls these
are not very expensive deep drilling
polls a lot of these are generated by
robo calls I got one the other day and
it said you know press 1 for this
candidate press 2 for this candidate the
fact of the matter is I could have been
a a visitor to Ontario I could have been
a child you know miner who doesn't have
the right to vote I could have just
gained the system by purposely choosing
for whatever reason a candidate you know
I have no affiliation with all so I'm
just wondering - even if there are
people that are going you know not crazy
about Doug Ford but and maybe I should
give Andrea a chance she's never had a
chance maybe they'll have that
proverbial come-to-jesus moment when
they're in the poll booth and you know
push comes to shove and maybe that you
know X moves down from the NDP to the
PCs maybe that's going to happen you
know there there'll be this realization
before it's too late
so we'll see certainly that was
to deal with with Trump right on
election night we were told by all the
pundits too close to call and we know
what happened right let's see
we have from
hamish actual this guy is so full of
blank cakes are you talking about me
holy mackerel
I'm trying I'm trying here and again we
have from Phoenix he screwed himself
with real conservatives when he threw
tani under the bus I agree that we have
addressed that and again from Evans our
MD Pirlo I live in Scarborough and it is
bad here hmm pilot barbi David people
who do not remember Bob Rae is our
greatest threat well yeah but like I
said given what kind of damage the
McGinty win liberals have done Bob Rae
by comparison almost looks like a fiscal
conservative we have a situation in this
province given the deficit and the debt
where our children our grandchildren our
great-grandchildren are going to be on
the hook and this has to be addressed
and right now in terms of I guess a
fiscal mandate you've got to give that
one to the PCs if you care about a
fiscal mandate and we have from let's
see John Zeeland the thinking is if you
have lived under a rock you would give
the dippers a look
Evon sour again NDP is going full
socialist to beat the Liberals we must
not let that happen
that is true and yep the turfing of
Tania was a very bad move that's from
Christian patriot
Wayne Johnson Tommy Tommy Tommy I get it
and Oh a clarification from Hamish it is
Justin Trudeau that is the blank cake
don't eat one of those you'll get ecoli
Blake runner what's going on in
Mississauga with the restaurant bombing
yeah that's an interesting one that's
another story that broke late last night
there were two separate birthday parties
I believe happening in a Mississauga
restaurant some men walked in with
improvised exploding devices set him off
nobody died thank goodness they're on
the
the hunt for them the police as of an
hour ago they haven't said if this is a
hate crime if this is an act of
terrorism if it's a personal vendetta so
yeah there was a bomb that was set off
at a Mississauga restaurant and what was
really despicable
about this folks was that there were
children in that restaurant so let's
count our blessings that nobody perished
in that attack
and oh I have to read this Amanda joy we
love you David well thank you Amanda I
love you too and from v zi x never vote
NDP you know I agree I can never bring
myself with their socialistic bent to
vote NDP I think it's a recipe for
fiscal disaster and with this
pronouncement of a sanctuary province I
mean folks I'm not anti-immigration you
want to come here legally
that's fantastic but you just if a
country doesn't have the right to
enforce its own borders it's simply not
a country anymore it really isn't I mean
what is a country other than a sovereign
state that has borders around it in
which to say this landmass from here
here here and here is our country the
Dominion of Canada and on the broader
picture this summer they are actually
predicting 400 refugee claimants per day
per day coming over from the u.s. into
Canada there's been a huge spike in
visas from in the US applied for by
Nigerians and the plan of course is not
to reside or to become an illegal in the
US the point is to get into the u.s. and
then to go across a non recognized
border crossing and get arrested and
then the refugee process kicks in I'm
still waiting and if anyone can educate
me on this I'm still waiting to
understand
why this grotesque glaring loophole in
this border act was allowed in the first
place ie as long as you're not coming in
from you know a recognized border
crossing you can claim refugee state
status and the truth of the matter folks
is there's no political will on either
side of the border to chained to you
know get rid of that loophole if you're
the trump administration hey if illegals
are fleeing out of the US bomb wash and
if you're just in sunny ways Trudeau hey
come on down Canada is open for business
we don't care who you are where you are
where you're from rather what you
believe in come on over the border so I
don't see the loophole being closed
already in Toronto we have college dorms
that are vacant at least until after
Labor Day when the kids get back to
college that have refugee claimants in
them we actually have a hockey rink with
refugee claimants in it again by the end
of August the ice goes back into that
rink
so with these hockey rinks with these
college dorms that are temporary refugee
and migrant claimant stations what
happens as we head towards autumn when
we don't have those facilities are we
going to see the construction of tent
cities are we going to see I don't know
sky dome commissioned into a refugee
holding pen like Montreal Olympic
Stadium was once the bluej season is
over that these are profound and
practical questions we have to ask and
like I said just wait until we get those
numbers of three or four hundred people
a day coming here I don't know what's
gonna happen folks and we have from Jack
sheet I suppose I'd like to see Ford
4:00 p.m.
Kevin four Premier of Ontario I guess
that's Kevin the jackal Johnson wow what
a one-two punch that would be and Lauren
Southern says Venezuela is coming here
unless Trump builds the wall yeah it
might already be here Lord and we have
from cloud nine ninja Canada's
well on its way to becoming Venezuela
and I just missed the rest of that I got
to take that Evelyn Woodhead speed
reading course again folks and let's see
today esra recommends 24 Sussex for the
migrants you know what I'm only saying
this half jokingly would we be that
cruel you know 24 Sussex folks it's a
dump and there is no real reason to keep
it it's been a dump for decades and I
feel sorry
even for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
who doesn't really live there for all
the Prime Minister's that have to go
there because it is you know it is in
need of a of a retrofit yet no Prime
Minister would ever dare you spend the
millions required to do the retrofit
because that is a political suicide
so why don't we just demolish it and
build it again and here we have as Rizzo
I did that one already
okay then do we have to pay super jets
to
oh sorry keep up the good work
as this chat open to all I think that's
what it said I'm hearing a voice in my
folks okay ain't going back so anyways I
don't know if you have any passionate
opinions of 24 Sussex Drive it is not
our White House contrary to public
belief and maybe we should just call in
the demolition man yeah let's let's turn
down 24 Sussex Drive and keep the
Pickering Nuclear Generating Station
running and pilot Barbie Redskin but
David 24 Sussex is better than a lot of
what these migrants are used to that is
true
Charlie Times can't we just drone Mexico
I don't know what we would draw it it
for send the migrants to Justin's
current residence you know IIIi you know
you know play my hand a bit on a caper
that I sort of got in the works we went
earlier this month my cameraman Efrain
and I too young Dundas Square and we
were talking about the number of
migrants in Quebec where the government
there is saying do you want to go to
Ontario and if they say yes guess what
they're on a bus to Ontario and
typically they're coming to Toronto of
course and we asked people on the street
would you take in a refugee
would you take in a migrant claimant and
the vast majority of people said yes now
here's the difference between what
people say and what people do because I
think we should do that QA at Yonge
Dundas Square in Toronto again but for
anyone who says yes we'll have an actor
pretending to be a migrant with a packed
suitcase and we'll say you know hey
Jimmy we've got a taker and then we'll
see the excuses come out well you know
what I have to run it by the missus and
well I didn't mean right this instant I
got to fix up the basement apartment you
know so stay tuned for that one I think
that could be very comical and really
put to put to the test what people say
and what
people do are two different kettles of
fish and we have from Andrew let the
Liberal MPs take in all these illegals
and an taifa can take some - well
certainly not an tyfa
an tyfa already occupy the basement of
their mothers and grandmothers so there
is no room for the refugee these these
cats identify they don't have jobs my
friend so they're already a migrant
claimant in their own country if you
will and ever being assaulted during Jen
Trudeau that's from Zed here oh no I'm
actually that's not quite true
about a month ago we were doing a
generation Trudeau after dark and for
some reason there was a surly fellow and
we moved on from him and then later he
came behind me and like it was my me -
moment folks he tried to pull my pants
down
I was really creeped out by that but
thank goodness I had my belt really
notched in tightly other than that we
get verbal assaults typically it's the
do-rag or and really quite boring ever
right in the you know where that happens
on a routine basis and I'm always
surprised that it happens because we've
had people outed when it happens in
other media outlets and they've been
suspended or they've lost their job and
they continue to do it another super
chat
I'm enjoyed loved the pretend migrant
idea well thank you so much I consider
that vouching for that pitch and as soon
as my producer gives me the green light
and as soon as I get an appropriate
actor I I think it would be great if we
just got some real hulking brute of a
guy somebody that was actually
physically intimidating and maybe we
could gin it up like the first things
out of his words they're the first words
out of his mouth rather are you know I
like to eat dinner at 6:30
sharp I like to see the the virtue
signalers say yeah come on back to Lee
side well we'll put you up in the spare
room and what else do we have
I'm still triggered over the last monk
debate that's I don't know which one
that is that you're referring to and
Justin Trudeau just wants his accident I
don't advocate that of course and we
need a David men Zoid in Quebec this
province is an untapped resource
good work David well you know what I
would love to go to LaBelle province for
a caper I remember when I was with Sun
News head honchos air flew me out for
one day it was - we were asking people
on the street if they had actually seen
jean Shari's testicles thankfully we
didn't bring a poster portraying that
but Quebecers have a good sense of humor
at least the ones that weighed in and
yeah I would love to come to Montreal or
Quebec City my French is terrible
actually it's non-existent but I find in
even in Quebec City you can get by as an
Anglophone no problemo and lauren
southern when are we gonna see lady
men's lloyd again well I guess the last
appearance was let me think now it was
last July when I went to try out as a
Raptors cheerleader and the reason why
you know the reason for that folks was
it wasn't just to be goofy and you know
out-of-the-box although we we were
embracing that but it was because the
NDP NDP Fred Ian slept the NBA had
stripped the all-star game last year
away from Charlotte because of the North
Carolina bathroom bill you know that
crazy legislation that says if you're a
man go to the men's room if you're a
woman go to the woman's room anyways I
thought it was terribly unfair to the
Charlotte franchise to see that happen
because they had no say in the matter so
we just wanted to see if
that the NDP is virtuous signaling that
it's trans friendly and we love the
transgender community would they put up
with you know an obvious fake woman I
mean me and short shorts and a sports
bra trying out for for a Raptors
cheerleader spot well to the credit of
the Toronto Raptors I went through this
it was really the most bizarre
assignment I was on I felt like such a
loser I was in the Air Canada Centre
with I would say 300 of the most
beautiful and most physically fit woman
I have ever seen in my life
the vast majority looking like looking
towards me like a skunk had just
wandered over to the garden party I mean
here we have these fantastic beautiful
athletes and here's me Herman Munster in
a miniskirt trying out but you know what
I didn't get the gig I went through with
the tryout dad didn't make it but you
know if the Raptors even if they knew
this was a cape or even if they knew
this was a goof here's what I would have
done if I was on the marketing
department I'd say hire that guy or gal
or what whatever that person is a spirit
unicorn hire that thing because we will
get millions of dollars of free
publicity
the transgender barrier has been
shattered much like Jackie Robinson
broke the color barrier in baseball like
70 years ago so the Raptors missed a
golden opportunity for millions of
dollars of free publicity what can I say
I tried anyways moving all Glenn Coker
says some without door fires you can't
have camp fire after 6:00 p.m. and if
cooking must put out as soon as food
done I don't know what that means but I
will take it under advisement who wear
shorts right it's David wears short
shorts that's from goatman well it was
part of the requirement you had to wear
shorts and you had to wear a top that
would show your midriff and that was
particularly embarrassing for me
let's put it this way I like to say I
have a a washboard stomach it just has
about 18 pounds of laundry on it right
now folks Oh was not a pretty picture
and what else do we have
same with Hamish I'd love to make some
of those whiny social justice warrior
feminists and men pay for so much you
know I I wonder how we make them pay on
a more serious note you're probably all
familiar with what two faiths Goldie who
used to be here at the rebel last
weekend at the Quebec New York border
you had an tyfa and please you know go
under our website Sheila Gunn read has
an excellent report on this and and and
certainly a person who is more qualified
than anyone to weigh in on this her
being a right-of-center
female journalist that was also
physically assaulted by a creep of a man
but faith was spat upon she was kicked
she was pushed she was shoved she had
her camera knocked out of her hands by a
gang and that's what they are a gang of
thugs an tyfa most of whom are wearing
masks that's how brave these men are
they I used men in quotation marks and
the accomplice to this event folks was
of course the mainstream media that
reveled in this they were actually
tweeting there was a CBC journalist and
this man tweeted that the highlight the
highlight of that protest encounter
protest last weekend was seeing faith
Goldie given a warning by the Quebec
police about using her cell phone while
driving yeah because you know what
distracted driving that was the real law
enforcement issue last weekend not you
know a woman that weighs maybe 120
pounds being physically assaulted it was
despicable
shame on the Quebec police and I'm not a
police
sure blue lives matter to me anyone that
knows me knows how I feel about that but
these guys didn't lift a pinky finger to
help faith and and and shame on the
media that for some reason thought it
was so hilarious to watch a
right-of-center woman get battered
around like that shame on them both and
I see we have what a minute ago Wow you
know what folks time flies this was my
first time guest OD guest hosting for
Ezra Levant on battleground they say you
always remember your first time I want
to thank you so much for weighing in and
special thanks to all those that paid
for the super chat we got to keep this
operation running and I want to wish you
all a great weekend despite what the
National Post hears fake news on the
front page it is not Memorial Day
weekend folks it's just a regular
holiday at least here in Ontario it is
we had Victoria Day last weekend so -
one and all have a great weekend and
remember folks without risk there can be
no glory good day
you
