back to the BBC story not about free
speech miss Hayden who is pursuing civil
proceedings accusing him of harassment
defamation and misuse of private
information told the BBC I spoke to the
police for 45 minutes about how I wanted
to go forward I didn't think it was a
physical threat but thought if the
police spoke to him and advised him with
a warning he would possibly realise
their hurt he had caused the point I
want to get across is this isn't about
free speech this is about harassment Sam
works
you're an exquisitely left-wing activist
so you can get the police to give you
attention for it for a Twitter spat
attention that they wouldn't give to say
stabbing victim or an acid attack victim
can get and they'll sit there and listen
to you blah blah blah 4:45 because
you're famous sort of so the police come
to me and they listen to you and instead
of saying they're there now it's okay
now they actually go to your Twitter
sparring partner and tell them to shut
up to warn him and all you have to say
is this isn't about free speech and then
poof it's not about free speech just
like you're the king of Spain here's
some more from the Daily Mirror that
also covered it here's some new facts he
has been handed a verbal harassment
warning reports ITV mr. Linehan 50 said
on Saturday the police asked me to stop
contacting someone I had no intention of
contacting it was a bit like asking me
to never contact Charlie Cheney and this
little detail she said I don't take
kindly to a public figure tweeting about
me referring to me as a man and putting
my legal name in quotation marks to
suggest it's not valid the police
warning issued to mr. Linehan is not a
conviction or caution but a warning used
to deter individuals from for the
behavior oh so that's how it works so
Linda Hannah hasn't
done anything wrong that thing to be
charged with that alone convicted
doesn't got anything wrong other than to
call him a ham instead of call him a her
you'll note the mirror and the BBC are
not foolish enough to commit that gender
critical thought crime they both
absolutely uniformly call her her
but the police are happy to go warn him
yes ins on anything he says he won't do
anything other than maybe say some mean
things but the cops are going to send
him a message rattle his cage a bit oh
and it does go on his police file I
didn't mention that part they do however
appear on enhanced criminal record
checks oh so that that really is a form
of a criminal record it's a it's a
record and it's on there not as a crime
committed but as a pre-crime then maybe
we're thinking I doing some and where's
your license to be Jenna critical mate
bruv where's your license
that's the UK in 2018 that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
