coupla days back before days ago Shaun
King he's now deleted the tweets they
were captured Don King went on Twitter
on the morning of May 20th and he wrote
quote this woman was kidnapped and raped
by a Texas state trooper officer Hubbard
he is now being held hostage in the
Ellis County Jail so he accused a state
trooper of felony kidnapping felony rape
and then the county was run by the
sheriff's office of kidnapping he
accused them of three felonies and named
the trooper
Arita Dixon Cole just happens to be a
close personal friend of civil rights
attorney and my friend at Merritt law
this attorney I'm gonna get to the
attorney in a second who did a big Mia
culpa these are the facts he got from
her family and Don King goes on to say I
just spoke to a witness who says he
strangely saw
- Rita Dickson Cole put in the front
seat of this officers car as she said in
her statement to her family just confirm
that Sherita Dickson Cole past her
breathalyzer test and was arrested
without cause he then goes very
important story not only on the sexual
assault of Sherita Dickson bull he's
doubling down now calling the police
officer rapist the trooper a rapist
na-na sexual abuser but on the
mistreatment of black women across the
country by American police and why these
stories are just not told widely enough
problem however problem however is that
mr. Merritt the attorney
watched the footage released two hours
of footage released by the Texas
Department of Public Safety of trooper
Hubbard's body camera that completely
debunks the claims let me read you the
letter written yesterday from Esley
Merritt senior Esquire attorney at law
barred in the states of Pennsylvania and
New Jersey
the press release by attorney merit for
immediate release sexual assault
allegations excuse me against Texas DPS
officer
saheiji Texas the body camera footage
released directly conflicts with the
accounts reported to my office
there is no readily apparent evidence of
tampering with the footage officer
Daniel Daniel Hubbard seems to comport
himself professionally during the
duration of the traffic stop and arrest
with and without more should be cleared
of any wrongdoing it is deeply troubling
when innocent people are falsely accused
and I am truly sorry for any trouble
these claims may have caused
officer Hubbard and his family I take
full responsibility for amplifying these
claims to the point of national concern
this office regularly receives hundreds
of complaints of abuse from across the
nation and we are obligated to filter
these messages thoroughly before laying
them to our powerful allies our office
necessarily takes claims of abuse
particularly by law enforcement officers
very seriously it is that responsibility
is our responsibility to call for swift
transparent and thorough investigation
in any such accusation our calls for
professionalism and hearin stoop rota
calls however should not be misconstrued
as a rush to judgment through the
contrary our goal in presenting claims
of misconduct is to arrive as quickly
and as accurately as possible to the
truth
we are thankful to members of the
community for the willingness to echo
our demands for krenz parity and justice
however in this matter it seems your
righteous vigilance was abused you know
what I say through this guy because he
starts his letter saying I was wrong
i smeared the trooper for no reason
but I never heard the guys say I'm sorry
it apologized even once apologize and he
admits that if the police are accused
before he has any evidence before he has
any evidence
he will blast it out and amplify it he
should be disbarred this guy should be
disbarred now Shawn King
pride to address the false accusation
that he helped spread he wrote an
article in medium yesterday and he wrote
quote I can't even begin to make sense
of why someone would couldn't cocked
such an awful story particularly in
light of the reality that both police
brutality and sexual assaults are very
real crisis in this nation it does a
tremendous disservice to actual victims
when something horrible like this is
fabricated it provides an unfair
spotlight to a good cop an undeserved
cover for the bad ones who will try to
use an incident like this as false proof
of their innocence he always has to jab
the good guys but they won't try to use
an incident like this do to prove in a
sense if they're guilty because the body
cams which more and more police officers
are wearing or proving the liars to be
liars and if a cop does wrong the camera
shows that as well this case is
everything that is wrong with social
justice warriors everything
these people are literally scourge ah's
on society it's disgraceful the only
thing left in this case the only thing
left to have happened in this case is
for this woman Shaun King and her
attorney to be criminally charged end or
civilly sued it needs to happen we need
to start cracking down on these false
allegations I love bringing you these
stories and I want to do it every day so
subscribe to our premium service at
www.headsetsdirect.com and sign our
petition as always thanks so much for
watching you have a great weekend I'll
see you next week
