George Soros is still meddling in
Western politics and a new leaked
dossier shows that now he's working to
keep Britain in the European Union back
in February the Telegraph reported that
George Soros was defending his 400
thousand pound donation to the pro-eu
campaign best for Britain The Telegraph
reported billionaire investor George
Soros has defended his decision to hand
400 grand to a campaign arguing against
brexit and says he considers leaving the
EU a tragic mistake
good for him we didn't we voted for it
mr. Soros came under fire last week
after the Telegraph revealed he was
backing the remains supporting campaign
group best for Britain the investor is
one of three senior figures linked to
the group who plan to launch a
nationwide advertising campaign this
month which they hoped to lead to a
second referendum to keep Britain in the
yee-yee you and now we're seeing reports
from the Daily Mail that a leaked
dossier reveals the details of a six
million pound campaign that's backed by
George Soros amongst other people the
reporting best for Britain's backed by
George Soros the pro remain group plans
spends 5.6 million quid on the
campaign's of thwart brexit it involves
advertising of social media blitz as
well as getting MPs to vote against the
deal and the papers uncovered by the
Daily Mail claim to show the extent of
the group's plans now so the plan here
is obviously Soros is throwing the money
on it but the plan is to ensure that MPs
across the board vote against the EU
withdrawal deal and it also says in the
report it says they allegedly reveal
that the group will contradict whatever
final agreement Theresa May strikes with
Brussels arguing it's not what we voted
for so we know the game of these people
it doesn't matter what bill Theresa Mays
gets Theresa May could get everything we
want and more and this group will still
campaign against it and say this isn't
what we voted for that's not integrity
that's not honesty that is pure I mean
that's the work of ideologues that is
the work of ideologues who don't care
about the results for a Britain they
call themselves best for Britain but
they all argue it's not what we voted
for and contradict was
a final agreement to resume makes and
also it's not what we voted for who the
hell are they people these people think
they are can you imagine that you know
the amazing thing if you imagine now
that we could go back in time and we
lost the brexit vote we would be
campaigning eventually to leave the
European Union we carry on with our
campaign but the difference here is
these people are campaigning to stop it
before it even happens no that's not how
democracy works implement the results
first and then by all means go ahead and
carry on campaigning to to re-enter the
European Union that I wouldn't care
about people have a right to be stupid
but arguing this is not what we voted
for and contradicting whatever final
agreement shows this is the work of
ideologues they are not Democrats and
also this is another reason why I think
we may well see another general election
if this campaign works I mean five point
six million quid on a social media
campaign is bound to get results
especially in a country with young
people that are so easily misled it's
gonna it's gonna get results and MPs are
probably gonna follow suit the MPs want
to follow public opinion because they
want to keep their jobs well I say that
public opinion that they follow at least
their left-wing crazy trends don't they
because they know they keep their jobs
and they keep the whip of their parties
and they know that the working class are
still cowering in fear of certain
accusations so they'll never count out
of that kind of opinion but this kind of
crap MPs will fall for this is the kind
of crap MPs will go along and vote with
so it does it would not surprise me if
this best for Britain project funded by
Soros works and the minute it works and
the minute we get votes against the EU
with drawable what's going to happen
there's gonna be a vote - no confidence
in Theresa May what happens then
probably a general election what happens
then God knows the polls are fluctuating
I've been reporting recently that the
Labour Party's gone down but they're
going back up again the polls keep doing
this the Labour's and Tories are
battling it out right now and I know the
general election could be really damning
really damning so who knows let's see
what happens but one thing's for sure
George Soros is not going away anytime
soon
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
