you know and let's talk about that
controversial resolution because the
mainstream media has painted it as
though the United conservative party
membership are a bunch of bigots and you
want to go around outing gay kids and I
read the resolution that is absolutely
not what it says and I know that the
mainstream media have read that
resolution also and they are utterly
dishonest when they report it that way
absolutely absolutely so I think it's
really worth reading the resolution as
it is written so the resolution was
resolution 30 I just want to explain
really quickly what happened this
resolution was in the Omnibus of
Education resolutions and so we had
heard we had a booth by the way at the
AGM which was phenomenal we had so many
people come by that said they came to
the AGM just to meet us at our booth and
to push the the policies parental choice
policies forward but we had heard wind
of this resolution I read it I was a bit
confused because it actually isn't isn't
entirely accurate it asks for the
reinstatement of the parental opt-in
provisions we've never actually had
opt-in provisions we have what's called
opt-out and there is a difference but we
won't get into that bottom line is it
wasn't quite accurate but when I read
the rest of the resolution
I wondered why anybody would think that
it was controversial so I kind of didn't
really pay much attention plus it wasn't
one of the ones that we had any you know
part in but this is what it says
reinstate parental opt-in consent for
any subjects of a religious or sexual
nature including enrollment in
extracurricular activities and clubs or
distribution of any instructional
materials or resources related to these
topics so other than that word opt-in
this resolution says one thing it says
one simple thing it says when a child
and by the way there's no age limit for
access to GSA's okay when a child as
young as five in school in any setting
including extracurricular settings is
going to
provided with material of sexual content
or religious content then the opt-out
provisions that have been long-standing
in the province of Alberta should be in
place that is all it says there is
nothing in there about notification
enforced notification GSA's nothing
nothing and I want to remind everybody
just for us is is is fundamentally
egregious but the mainstream media has
been running away with this story
there's article after article talking
about how this is an outing gay children
in GSA's resolutions that's an excerpt
from my weekly full-length show the gun
show on my show I take on the issues of
the day through my Alberta conservative
lens and I talked to the real news
makers the mainstream media ignores to
get access to my show in all of our
other premium content click the link on
the screen to subscribe today
you
