Hunter Pollock hunter is the brother of
meadow Pollock who was killed at
Stoneman Douglas high school in parkland
Hina's dad Andrew have done a phenomenal
job a very apolitical they lean a little
bit right a Pollock family but they BM
but they haven't engaged in politics but
Hunter Pollock is right he put out a
tweet yesterday about the shooting at
Santa Fe High School in Texas and Hunter
pollock wrote he lost his sister he
speaks with authority it's sick that
since majority of Santa Fe students
oppose gun control in favor school
security measures instead but the media
won't give them nearly as much coverage
as the Marjory Stoneman as they Marjory
Stoneman Douglas students students of
Santa Fe High School my BMS are open to
work together with you I know your pain
hashtag fix it and Hunter Pollock does
know their pain young sister was bun
down brutally by Nicholas Cruz he does
know their pain heartbreaking but he's
right couple of days ago I tweeted the
four days ago
here's the name into my Twitter at CNN
wino Town Hall for the Santa Fe school
shooting is it because he I won't say
the shooters name he didn't use an ar-15
and this community supports the Second
Amendment Michelle Malkin quote tweeted
hunter Pollock this morning Michelle
said and this is why the Santa Fe kids
won't get a CNN Town Hall
it's disgraceful it's disgraceful at CNN
that presents itself as hard news as
ignored has ignored the families of the
victims in Santa Fe they don't get a
Town Hall they don't get to give their
opinion on gun safety on school security
because they're not anti-gun because
they don't have a Ted Deutsch and a
Debbie wasserman-schultz out there in
front of them because every town was an
embrace their every time for gun safety
Michael Bloomberg's far left funded
group moms demand no this is Texas they
love their Second Amendment they would
rather see the school hardened they
would rather see armed personnel in the
schools and they have a media blackout
it is absolutely disgraceful and it's
just a very interesting example of the
way different these all these examples
Lawrence tribe saying what he said
because if Lawrence tribe had said if
you're gonna shoot shoot to kill and he
was a Republican strategist talking
about Obama
it would have been CNN that framed his
quote out of context
Chris Cuomo would have attacked him it
would have been stupid and we would have
criticized them for doing that but we
shouldn't do it because we look stupid
when we do it but with the with the
mainstream media's doing by not giving a
Santa Fe victims and dead ended by not
giving these victims and their families
the same forum that they gave the anti
Gunners because these families these
families and not anti-gun is disgraceful
and I think the president is right when
he wants to talk about pulling the
credentials of certain outlets BNN is no
longer news it is far left opinion it's
not news there's nothing objective about
what they do and I just hope in this
AT&T takeover of Time Warner now we're
going to see let's call them editorial
changes at outlets like CNN stories like
this are very frustrating but they're
also really important because you can't
solve the problems we don't know about
right we have to dig into them and
analyze them and try to provide
solutions they'll help me bring these to
you every day
I subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org load the rebel app and
go to fire Scott Israel comm find our
petition please as always thanks so much
for watching I'll be back with you
tomorrow
