as home prices saw across the states
particularly on the coasts Detroit
remains the poster child for the
economic crisis and housing collapse of
nearly a decade ago the city's
bankruptcy filing in 2013 hollowed out
much of the large middle-class
african-american community that used to
live here and over the last decade or so
there have been more than 150,000 home
foreclosures in this area boarded up
homes and burped out shelves litter the
landscape today a house here can be
bought for the same price as a used car
and yet it is difficult for buyers to
actually buy prices are too low for
lenders and the loans are too risky and
it's too high a cost for homeowners to
move in and try and fix these properties
up to make them livable two of the
largest banks in the country have their
roots here they helped finance the
booming car market when it was in its
heyday they promised to help resuscitate
the housing market in Detroit so guess
how many home loans these two banks made
to this sprawling city of six hundred
and forty thousand people in 2016 Bank
of America made eighteen and JP Morgan
Chase six so these places remain just
like this in America 2018 right opposite
good families with their children
working hard to try and make a place
that they can be proud to call home I'm
being sued by the mayor of Malin Beck
for defaming the reputation of her town
which is also called the G Hardy capital
of Europe if you can help me with my
legal defense fund to fight back for the
freedom to speak out against people like
her who aren't doing their jobs
then do join us at save Hopkins calm and
give what you can
