the province of British Columbia is
taking Alberta to court to make us sell
them our oil I guess we'll have to give
it to them in a bucket brigade or I
don't know like a garden hose because
they're blocking our pipeline with the
deadline for the decision on the Kinder
Morgan trans mountain pipeline expansion
from Alberta to British Columbia just a
little over a week away the battle
between Alberta and British Columbia is
really heating up now the pipeline
company will decide whether or not to
abandon its trans mount in pipeline
expansion project on May 31st the
province of Alberta just passed bill 12
which gives the province the power to
control the flow of oil natural gas and
refined products out of the province so
I am in all honesty not a fan of this
legislation I think that any power that
we give to the government over private
businesses is normally inherently bad I
want of course British Columbians who
oppose the pipeline to learn a lesson
about what happens when you don't have a
good friend like Alberta to sell you
cheap reliable oil but I reject any law
that puts Rachel Notley in charge of our
oil industry that's madness anyway so in
response to bill 12 the province of
British Columbia is launching legal
action that challenges the
constitutionality of Alberta's so-called
turn off the taps law British Columbia
wants our dirty oil as they call it they
want it so bad that they're going to sue
us to get their hands on it but they
won't allow us to build a pipeline to
get the oil to them and other customers
can you even imagine how crazy and
critical this is the BC Attorney General
said and they quote if damage is caused
to British Columbians by Alberta using
this legislation we will not hesitate to
argue that Alberta is directly liable
for any damage caused
end quote what about the damage caused
to the Alberta economy the billions lost
to our economy the thousands of jobs
just gone because one province is acting
like a Baltic state instead of a part of
the Canadian Confederation how about
that BC
but wait it gets better or crazier
depending on how you look at it the
lawsuit states that a significant
disruption in the supply of gasoline
diesel and crude oil from Alberta would
cause irreparable harm in addition to
economic harm the suit claims a
disruption in supply could injure human
health and safety in remote communities
bc's Attorney General David EB said that
remote communities which are mainly
First Nations communities get their
electricity from diesel generators so
what EB is admitting is First Nations
communities that he's so happy to trot
out and make the face of the anti
pipeline battle are actually the people
who could be harmed the most by blocking
this pipeline huh go figure
so as a back-up plan BC premier John
Horgan is working on a deal to get oil
supply elsewhere in case his crazy
lawsuit falls through and in case
Alberta actually uses this turn off the
caps legislation let's just break this
down for a quick minute British Columbia
is working on a deal to buy more
expensive oil from Washington State
rather than increase the existing
pipeline capacity from Alberta to get
access to our oil that is sold depending
on the day at about a 30% discount what
planet are we living on right now one
province is currently suing another to
get access to their natural resources
and the suing province is also blocking
the means of transportation for those
same resources now might be the time for
Justin Trudeau in his federal government
to I don't know step up and enforce the
Constitution already seriously what is
it that those people in Ottawa actually
do around here this and keeping us safe
are probably the only things that the
government should be doing as far as I'm
concerned and yet they happen to be
doing neither of those things all of
this though is just ridiculous political
theater being acted out by anti oil
left-wing politicians who think the
public
just isn't smart enough to see through
all of this gamesmanship Notley Trudeau
and Horrigan they don't want to see the
pipeline get built although only one of
them horrigan is upfront about it not
lee dragged her heels on her turn off
the taps legislation until Horgan could
negotiate a back-up plan with Washington
State not Lee also tried to pretend like
she was doing something important with
her BC wine ban when in reality the wine
ban insulated horrigan from any
political fallout because not Lee
targeted her ban at the most
conservative places of British Columbia
and the people most likely to support
the Kinder Morgan pipeline and with the
Kinder Morgan pipeline decision just a
little over a week away despite promises
to enact legislation to get the pipeline
built the federal government has done
absolutely nothing on the file again
despite federal Finance Minister Bill
Morneau spre mice's that Somebody
Anybody would take Kinder Morgan's place
if Kinder Morgan abandons their project
absolutely no pipeline company has
stepped forward and what same pipeline
company would I mean who would do it now
Enbridge Enbridge they were screwed out
of an any be approved pipeline from
Alberta for purely political reasons by
Justin Trudeau and Rachel Notley didn't
support the project anyway for again
crazy unscientific NDP reasons we are
just one week away from losing yet
another multi-billion dollar
nation-building project in the energy
sector if trans mountain does not go
forward then billions and billions of
future investments will never come to
Canada because what kind of serious
country can't even move their own
natural resources within their own
borders but that's probably been the
plan all along for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read what you just saw there
is my daily video here at the rebel but
every Wednesday
I have my own full-length show it's
aptly called the gun show but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content treat
yourself to a rebel subscription today
you
