new and troubling information about the
16 year old killer of a Baltimore County
police officer yesterday I brought you
the details of police officer amy Caprio
a Baltimore County police officer
murdered while doing her job well now
four suspects are in custody all
teenagers and the murderer the one who
drove his vehicle purposefully into and
over the officer killing her what a
brutal crime sixteen years old and he's
been described by a Baltimore judge as a
quote unquote one man in crime wave now
we'll get to what he did in a moment but
the details of the case now if you
recall yesterday we were trying to
figure out the details of the case
whether it was a burglary or a
suspicious vehicle call and I speculated
that it was both after multiple 9-1-1
calls that turned out to be the case
certain callers called because it was a
burglary in progress which turned out to
be the case others called because they
found these four teenagers lurking near
a home in this vehicle suspicious I've
personally been on those calls where
it's been burglaries suspicious vehicle
burglaries suspicious vehicle
quite common for law enforcement in
ansari tragically oftentimes it turns
out to be nothing not in this case not
in this case at all now the department
has released some information and they
said that the officer
had responded to these calls dontoh
Harris the killer and three others
according to sources in the police
department and detectives said that they
quote they were involved in many
burglaries in the area and here's what
the chief Sheridan of the police
department said they quote went inside
stealing jewelry cash anything they
could get their hands on so with that
kind of linkage we believe that the four
were acting together to commit these
burglaries Harris the murderer danta
harris admitted that even waiting in the
driver's seat of the Jeep Wrangler that
Wrangler as other associates were in the
process of committing a burglary
now when the officer approached the
vehicle
it was responding as we noted yesterday
around 2:00 p.m. do a call for a
suspicious vehicle looking for the car
I'm gonna go on a limb here and assume
that she had a detailed description of
the vehicle because people who call in a
suspicious vehicle obviously see the
vehicle and they tend to give you a very
detailed description of it down to the
license plate the description of the
occupants things of that nature
the Baltimore County police chief
Sullivan said she arrived and saw black
sheep he followed it into a courtyard
where it stopped and turned around now
it's facing her behind the vehicle he
pulls into a courtyard type area the
suspect vehicle does a u-turn now it's
facing her patrol car he steps out of
her patrol car
out of her patrol car and orders the
driver of the Jeep to get out that's
when the charging document says 16 year
old Don Tijeras
hang on pradhan the dawn go on Tijeras
sited to gun the gas pedal and run over
officer Caprio he admitted the charging
document says quote he admitted that he
partially opened the driver's door so he
duped the officer into believing he was
getting out of the vehicle he then
rapidly closed the door gunned the motor
and ran her over and sources say that
the officers body camera gives a clearer
view of her standing in the street as
the vehicle came at her she fired one
shot and was rammed by the vehicle and
thrown about twenty feet this was a
brutal intentional murder chief then
said that the Jeep struck her ran over
her she was critically injured of course
and died at the hospital about fifty
minutes after the incident he was dead
within an hour this is infuriating and
it her death was ruled a homicide by
multiple traumas to the head and torso a
terrible terrible way to die she was 29
years old not even four years on the job
three years and ten months by all
accounts great cop young attractive girl
this little savage all I can call a
little savage an animal president was
right people like this are animals 16 a
judge called in a one-man crime wave now
let's dig into that so the judge is
reigning this kid yesterday his crime
spree began in December let me read you
a little bit about what this pillar of
the community this this budding aspiring
rapper this high school football star
this honours student as you know that
nerrit is gonna come out when you read
something from somebody on on Twitter an
investigative reporter in Baltimore WMAR
2 News and I named Brian Kuebler
he's a reporter at M arr2 news in
Baltimore prosecutors say danta Harris
was arrested four times for auto theft
since December 2017
the last time he was sentenced to home
detention in West Baltimore wearing an
ankle bracelet state says he fled Gilmor
homes at a home for juvenile delinquents
last week and stole the Jeep in question
before using it to kill police officer
Caprio
what is wrong with our criminal justice
system
West Baltimore is is just the worst of
the worst of neighborhoods but there is
a problem and I'm gonna say it and it's
gonna anchor people young black men
young black men in the 13 the 25 year
old Adrian of with dr. Harris Mac dab in
the middle account for about 0.7 percent
of the u.s. population 0.7 not seven
percent they count for about points of
not even one percent of the u.s.
population yet they're responsible for
about 10 percent of all murders think
about that they're committing crimes and
when you break it down 18 to 24 the
numbers skyrocket but they're committing
crimes at a rate about 12 murder
they're killing at a rate about 12 times
their representation in the population
according to the FBI and the US Census
Bureau give that number about a point
either way because we don't have the
current 2017 crime stats yet they'll be
published in around September October by
the FBI their UCR comes out early fall
every year
but there was a problem when a 16 year
old decides to kill a police officer to
get away with a burglary with three
accomplices so the judge called him a
one-man crime spree a one-man crime
spree judge Sally Chester said quote in
the last one-man crime wave in the last
six months - that - the attorney no
offense but your client is a one-man
crime wave I'm not sure any I'm not
certain any juvenile facility is secure
enough to hold him
Harris and to the judges question said
nothing else because it just got real
and the prosecutor said quote I will
tell you judge he did in fact confess
now Harris is being charged with adult
first-degree murder he faces life in
prison and he's scheduled for a
preliminary hearing next month I don't
want to hear the argument oh this poor
kid he had no guidance plenty of 16 year
olds out there have horrible childhoods
plenty of them they don't kill people
they don't kill people
okay they don't do it they don't go on
crime sprees and kill
they have other issues which are tragic
some of these kids are severely
depressed some are suicidal some are
driven into prostitution all very tragic
but very few go on crime waves and kill
kill cops Hill innocence I don't want to
hear the liberal narrative on this one
I'm sick of it I'm sick of it
this is beyond disgraceful beyond
disgraceful And and the system is broken
the system is absolutely broken I think
if you take liberals out of the criminal
justice system we'd see our fewer people
dying and it seems like in recent memory
all of the cops killed are killed by
these repeat offenders that liberal
judges went easy on the criminal justice
system went easy on it is infuriating
absolutely infuriating that they put
these predators back on the streets to
kill the criminal justice system is
broken now the house yesterday
unanimously will not unanimously but
overwhelmingly I should say not
unanimously what was three 6259 a past
prison reform
and with a bipartisan bill and I don't
have a problem with prison reform the
way the bill is worded my fear is that
the leftists are gonna take it to a
whole different level and I'm gonna tell
you all about prison reform we're gonna
go much deeper into the murder of this
police officer on my longer show off the
cuff Declassified today right here on
the rebel stories like this are very
frustrating but they're also really
important because you can't solve the
problems we don't know about right we
have to dig into them and analyze them
and try to provide solutions they'll
help me bring these to you every day by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org load the rebel app and
go to fire Scott Israel comm find our
petition please as always thanks so much
for watching I'll be back with you
tomorrow
