one of the one of the reasons Trump was
elected is he was an outsider we all
know that I'm not I'm beating a dead
horse but an America likes that and it
was exciting and it was fun but one of
the problems with that is you didn't
exist in Washington you don't have a
bench excuse me a deep bench of allies
from which to tap your people your AG
your deputy AG your FBI director from
never had that so I think you're spot-on
when he got there people said okay rod
Rosen seen as a career guys been video
did J a long time and Trump just assumed
that's the guy you have to make the
number two he's been there a long time
people seem to like him he's competent
never thought I don't think he ever
thought they were gonna weaponize him
again against him like they did I also
think Jeff Sessions to a large degree
trusted Rosenstein and when Rosen theme
said the sessions you have to recuse
yourself veterans did it without even
thinking twice because Rosen theme was a
career guy and sessions I'll be it was a
US Attorney a while back was the new kid
on the block at Maine DOJ in DC and I
think Rosen theme took a lot of
advantage and was able to manipulate a
lot of power to his own agenda and is it
too late as my question is it too late
the course correct I don't think it's
too late I mean you see that the
president's really gaining momentum his
poll numbers continue to increase and I
think it's the American people are
seeing that this is indeed you know
witch-hunt with no end if you look at
what molars been doing he's been
prosecuting people with Unruh dick ulis
charges and they are all starting to
contest it whether it's manna fork when
the the momentum is going in the
direction of the people who used to be
you know associated with a trump
campaign or you know former Trump
officials so I think it's definitely now
is the time to put your foot on the gas
and continue to reorient his
administration you saw he made a couple
bad appointments so you know I think
Tillerson was a bad call he didn't
really he didn't really realize like the
the power of the swamp and I think all
of us under estimated you know the
national security intelligence
bureaucracy how they would viciously
turn against him that the officials at
DOJ and the intelligence community and I
think he's starting to recognize
to his allies our you know he's he's
moving in lockstep now with you know
conservatives and freedom caucus members
and you know not necessarily like
hardcore conservatives but people that
recognize the importance of the
separation of powers and the president's
role in you know commanding his office
as the the commander in chief these are
really important stories every story I
bring you I try to bring you the most
compelling ones the most relevant ones
and I want to do it every day help me do
that by subscribing or a premium service
that www.mediaed.org
our petition as always thanks so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
