you might remember that earlier this
month the Ford wrote a piece on Jordan
Peterson called is Jordan Peterson
enabling jew-hatred
well the anti-semitic colored paints
didn't stick so well to the professor
forcing the outlet to at least change
the pieces ridiculous photo time
Peterson to Hitler but now progressives
are trying the misogyny angle with the
New York Times publishing a piece called
Jordan Peterson custodian of the
patriarchy the result is perhaps even
more cringe-worthy let's take a look
so whereas Ford writer Ari Feldman
relied on left-wing activists and
academics to smear Peterson New York
Times journalist Nellie Bowles didn't
even bother trying to put her own
opinions into the mouths of experts she
says mr. Peterson is staunchly against
what he calls equality of outcomes or
efforts to equalize society he usually
calls them pathological or evil what do
you mean or efforts to equalize society
Nellie do you see what she's done there
she's conflated equality of opportunity
and equality of outcome and suggested
that Peterson is against equality as a
whole and not just the Marxist variety
okay so the second thing that really
pissed me off about this article
Nellie describes a Skype call she
witnessed is Peterson having with a fan
writing for the Skype call he wears a
sharp blazer and button-down but he sits
shoeless and cross-legged he knows where
the frame cuts off oh really
a Harvard and University of Toronto
psychology professor one of if not the
most famous public intellectuals of
today knows where the camera frame cuts
off gee whiz thanks for telling me that
Nellie I never would have guessed no
make no mistake that little sentence
there is intended to frame Peterson's
professional above the belt and casual
below the belt
as the professor somehow misrepresenting
himself to others when really it's
completely normal to dress for how much
the camera shows sometimes I record
these my pajama bottoms alright so a
third thing that earthed me about
Nellie's piece she says when mr.
Peterson talks about good woman the sort
of man would want to marry he often uses
these words conscientious and agreeable
so here by saying good woman she tries
to spin the professor's use of Big Five
personality traits as Peterson somehow
making a moral judgment on woman but why
do you keep calling him mr. Peterson I
know you might be mad Nellie because
even after blowing around three hundred
thousand dollars on a four-year Columbia
Journalism degree you're still just seen
as a fake news hack but are you that
intense
smearing Peterson that you can't even
call him doctor or just say Peterson no
it's a snide little mr. but really
Nellie's hit piece shouldn't be all too
shocking for those familiar with her
MSNBC work on gamergate she held two
interviews on the ethics and anti
censorship video game consumer movement
and each time she spoke only with
progressives who opposed the movement
MSNBC did finally interview christina
hoff sommers on gamergate but lo and
behold it wasn't Nellie running that
segment so the forward has tried the
anti-semitism card New York Times has
tried the misogyny card which
progressive outlet will attack Peterson
next and more interestingly which ism or
phobia will they use let me know in the
comments for campus unmasked I'm Rob
trim shock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
