again any politics has come to the
teaching business what does this mean
well essentially if you're a white
professor and you dared to teach
anything that is associated with another
race
well best you know your role and shut
your mouth or just stick to teaching
white stuff remember the good old days
when merit was the benchmark for someone
being selected for a job any job well it
would seem we now live in a biosphere in
which factors such as skin tone and
ethnicity are far more important than
whether or not one is actually qualified
for a particular position case in point
Mount Saint Vincent University in
Halifax is now under fire for assigning
of course about Canada's residential
schools to a gasped non-indigenous
professor according to the usual suspect
activists quoted in a Toronto Star story
the garden-variety honky
Martha walls slated to teach this course
undermines reconciliation efforts
never mind that walls has experience in
Atlantic Canadian First Nations history
never mind that she has a specialization
in the historical experiences of
twentieth-century indigenous woman nope
just look at that skin complexion will
ya
that's all that matters in 2018 so it is
that because she's not a native and I
mean not even a 1/32 Cherokee with high
cheekbones all Elizabeth Warren the
squeaky wheels want her off the academic
reservation you see she is a so called a
settler scholar yeah a settler scholar
that supposedly means she's the
embodiment of systemic oppression of
First Nations just because of a race the
critics say only indigenous people
understand the complex and cumulative
ways they've been discriminated against
and that they should be the ones
teaching their own history period
Rebecca Thomas a Mi'kmaq community
the vishton Halifax had this to say
quote we get taught about and studied as
though we are gone but we're still here
people shouldn't see indigenous people
telling their own stories as exotic or a
novelty
we're authoring our own stories now and
that sadly is very new but needs to be
normalized so that it's the everyday
occurrence end quote
alas missing from that rant is this
there's no prohibition preventing nails
from telling their own stories of course
and there's also no prohibition of non
natives telling those stories either
this is called freedom of speech and
freedom of expression and academic
freedom to boot but guess what folks
looks like the university might just
cave on this issue the school has called
a meeting between indigenous faculty and
staff and miss walls to determine a way
forward hmm a way forward that sounds
kind of like code speak to me for the
white flag of surrender this meeting of
the minds is justifiably not sitting
well with the Society for academic
freedom and scholarship
mark mercer president of the society and
a philosophy professor at st. Mary's
University Halifax says it should be up
to the school's history deterrent
department to consider a professor's
expertise and perspectives he notes the
university should stand by its decision
to assign the course to a qualified
scholar gracious did Mercer actually use
the Q word qualified Oh with the heresy
but still if factors such as skin tone
and race and gender and religion are now
the new benchmarks for who gets to teach
and who doesn't
depending on the course material can
someone please explain how it is that
Reynaldo Wolcott of Toronto's Ontario
Institute for studies in education is
permitted to teach a course called woman
in Gender Studies Women's Studies
Ronaldo as the name implies is a dude he
recently dropped by the white privilege
conference at Ryerson University he was
one of the keynote speakers in fact at
that crucible of Caucasian hatred oh
he's also
huge supporter of black lives matter
Toronto you know that organization folks
the one co-founder by us Rocco gali who
has previously stated the following on
Facebook quote whiteness is not
humanists in fact white skin is subhuman
end quote oh and how about this whopper
quote please Allah give me strength not
to cuss kill these men and white folks
out here today please please please end
quote
gracious that doesn't sound very
inclusive now does it but back to the
issue at hand why are the activists
asking for Martha walls to be removed
from teaching indigenous studies because
she's not native
whereas Reynaldo Wolcott gets a free
pass to teach woman studies even though
he's clearly not a woman or even
identifies as one oh I forgot to mention
Renaldo Walcott is black so you see
under the new rules of academic freedom
Walcott can play his race card which is
positive because he's a visible minority
in order to cancel his gender card which
is a negative because he's a man welcome
to the New World Order on-campus folks a
bias fear of the bizarre increasingly
crippled by political correctness a
realm in which qualifications mean
nothing and who you are or who you think
you are now means everything for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's I'd
been ZZZ hey folks marked the calendar
Saturday June 2nd it's the second annual
rebel live event I hope to see you there
John Cardillo Sheila Gunn read Katie
Hopkins the big boss man himself
Ezra Levent we're all going to be there
please go to the rebel live.com and buy
your tickets today
you
