but we are not going to arrive at mutual
respect which is where we solve common
problems if we cocoon ourselves in an
ideological social or intellectual
bubble right about now you're probably
thinking I know you're an unparalleled
genius shim shock but how did even you
take an audio file of Jordan Peterson
talking about diversity of thoughts
adjust the pitch and perfectly sync it
to make it seem as though the words were
coming out of Justin Trudeau's mouth but
I swear this is an unaltered clip of the
prime minister and here's my main point
and the challenge I'm offering you today
our celebration of difference needs to
extend to differences of values and
beliefs to diversity includes political
and cultural diversity it includes a
diversity of perspectives and approaches
to solving problems that's right Trudeau
gave the commencement address at New
York University this year where he
stressed diversity but probably not the
kind of diversity graduates were
expecting to hear so here's my request
as you go forward from this place I
would like you to make a point of
reaching out to people whose beliefs and
values differ from your own I would like
you to listen to them truly listen and
try to understand them and find that
common ground it's almost as though
Justin opened up that New York Times
piece on the intellectual dark web
featuring Sam Harris Dave Rubin
christina hoff sommers and all the rest
and said hey I guess if The Times is
advocating for diversity of thoughts
it's the new progressive so all hop on
board and that wasn't even the prime
minister's most Peter Sohn Ian moments
of the speech humanity has to fight our
tribal mindset
you play pokemon go you're a vegetarian
you like the Yankees you go to the gun
range you're pro-choice try tribe try
see but of course it's not the belonging
part that is the real problem
it's the corollary you are part of my
tribe and they are not of course
tribalism is a favourite topic of
another famous Canadian we all know and
love but actions speak louder than words
and so far the actions we've seen in
Canada's education system are not very
indicative of a safe space for a
diversity of opinions Trudeau mentioned
former Prime Minister Wilfred lawyer in
his speech extolling his virtue for
recognizing the potential benefits of
bursting Ones echo chamber and I'm sure
Wilfred was a great lad but Trudeau
didn't touch at all on the main reason
we've seen Wilfred lawyer in the
headlines the past half year that is
Wilfred lawyer University more
specifically Lindsay Shepherd at Wilfred
Laurier University who got scolded for
showing her class a video with Jordan
Peterson engaging in a debate actions
speak louder than words and if Trudeau
really wants people to believe this
seemingly newfound commitment to the
marketplace of ideas he might want to
consider to borrow another cliche
putting his money where his mouth is and
perhaps stripping schools that do not
tolerate a viewpoint diversity of their
federal funds for campus unmasked I'm
Rob shamrock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
