I'm here with Senator Patrick Kovac and
he is a brave man he's standing to be
governor of Michigan even though he
doesn't really like politics
it's his least favorite job and his new
book wrestling Gators is a fascinating
insight into how to tackle the swamp as
an outsider so thank you very much for
talking to me I really appreciate it
for people that don't know your face and
don't know where you fit into the
picture
who are you I'm state senator Patrick
Colbeck I'm one of those reluctant to
officeholders I never wanted to get into
politics at all my backgrounds actually
aerospace engineering so you an
aerospace engineer yeah and then you're
an accidental politician absolutely and
you're a senator here in Michigan in
Michigan you know at the seventh Senate
District which is in Wayne County which
is the home of Detroit and Dearborn a
lot of other communities and now that
you're an accidental politician do you
love being a politician no it's actually
my least favorite job that I've ever had
you are strangely determined to get that
job we're actually running for governor
which is something that I never thought
I'd be saying but you know there's a lot
of people that really want the position
a lot and those are the type of people
that probably shouldn't be in those
positions if you know what I mean and so
this is really history in the making in
terms of Michigan if the for the first
time we have a Muslim hoping to be
governor of a state in the United States
of America yep
and that in itself is not bad the issue
frankly is ties to organizations that do
not have the best interests of America
like the Muslim Brotherhood and where do
you see those ties playing out well I
see it with familial ties I mean he's
got his father-in-law is a former
president of care which is a Council of
American Islamic relations which is tied
to the Islamic Association of Palestine
which is explicitly identified in the
Muslim Brotherhood's a strategic
document called the explanatory
memorandum as a friendly organization
he's also a former vice president of
Muslim Students Association I've come
under a little bit of fire for actually
highlighting that there are some
tangible ties to this organization which
frankly seeks to undermine our system of
government and I was looking into the
Muslim well the first Muslim governor of
Michigan should come back and I see also
there's some Soros funding I think a
brother of Soros there was a fund set up
when he was I believe either Oxford or
Harvard one of those well I'd always
been he's been a student at the
University of Michigan which is actually
my alma mater and I don't know if the
Soros funding came into that or not but
he's got ties to Linda Sarsour who was
actively called for jihad against
President Trump he's he actively seen
campaigning with her she's endorsed him
and there's some funding isn't there as
well I've been looking into so Linda
Sarsour seems to be encouraging funding
to into Michigan could you explain a
little bit what's happening in terms of
the funding of his campaign 45% of his
funds are coming from out of state
45 45 % of the first potential Muslim
governor of Michigan 45 percent of the
funds are coming from outside of
Michigan absolutely to go off and change
our elections inside of Michigan and
who's driving there's Linda Sarsour
presumably some organizations some
apparently a you know early on the
campaign I saw connections with key
Celtic keith Ellison as well so there's
he's gotten shoutouts from Bill Clinton
at a U of M commencement address where
his elected student body speaker or
representative so he's got connections
and he's a very charismatic young man
good-looking guy well I'm going that
category but the being an old lady but
he is like if I was to sort of paint the
picture of the model that he follows
it's the Trudeau model it's the
good-looking charismatic young dynamic
guy that that's the kind of presentation
that I see is an outsider yeah well we
bring it down to brass tacks he's
running against a Democratic
gubernatorial candidate that I kind of
refer to as Hillary 2.0 and he's Barack
2.0 and we all know how that ended so I
think it's something we should be
interested in and as the electorate we
should be asking questions about what
these connections are and if they're if
there's something that he truly adheres
to or not and in terms of him and the
people he represents so his kind of
demographic where does that
what is the ratio of people likely to
vote for him what sort of support does
he have how many of those votes are
going to come out because we typically
yeah in the Muslim areas of London can
see voter turnout rates of one hundred
and twenty percent sometimes with some
of the interesting votes yeah we had a
little bit of that shenanigan in our
last presidential election and we
actually had I actually called for an
investigation and voter irregularities
in last election yeah yeah hear down and
I had one of my staff members actually
out at the recount in Detroit and they
actually had a ballot machine that had
306 votes on the outside in the poll
book but there was only 50 ballots
inside of it and being the person that
calls these things out because clearly a
lot of people will be recognizing the
risk a lot of other Republicans will be
aware of this funding coming in from
outside of the state a lot of other
Republicans will have voters in their
area who they know will be concerned
about what some of the communities in
Michigan look like I'm talking about the
changing face of the communities in
Michigan and yet you've been the one to
call it out what we'd like to think is
that you've then put received unanimous
support from your Republican peers tell
me has that been the case no that has
not been the case matter of fact some of
the folks I'm running against have
decided that they want to use that as a
way of just trying to knock me down just
a little peg and the Michigan Republican
Party has not been very supportive
either and what's really frustrating is
that they don't even want to hear the
other side of the story and there's a
lot of folks and part of it is because
I'm not the darling because I come from
the tea party background so I'm one of
those folks that hey boy go away you
bother me you know you haven't paid your
dues it's not your turn oh it's not the
political route that you should have
followed into this one exactly and
that's why I get a little frustrated
with that idea I don't actually want to
get out to the voters and say who's got
the best solutions and so when it came
to this issue in particular I do my
homework I used to work for the
Department of Defense I'm actually so I
have an appreciation for the military
and what they what they do and we
actually I was developing systems that
were training people on a symmetric
warfare which also addresses influence
operations which is what's going on here
with the
some Brotherhood so I went off and did
the research it's all based on that
explanatory memorandum which is entered
in as evidence in a federal court case
here so it's not like somebody just got
down their computer in their education
and started no this is this is serious
stuff so but people won't discuss that
and what's really concerning about this
and you see it with the reaction on my
colleagues in the Republican Party but
you also see it in spades with the the
press and the media and of course the
Democrats instead of having an
intelligent adult conversation saying
are these ties for real is this is
something that we should be concerned
with they immediately go into
name-calling and I feel sometimes like
I'm in grade school not in the esteemed
halls of the Michigan Senate and you in
the names you get caught Islamophobic
whatever the normal names that we label
we're yeah and presumably from their
point of view it's very easy for them if
I'm a Republican
I can distance myself from you make you
the islamaphobe in the room and so
really I look like the good guy and that
appears to be a little bit of it what's
going on exactly it's exactly what's
going on but interestingly because I'm
not a Republican yeah because I'm not a
politician either and I would be a
dreadful politician is I am just
actually a mum yeah of three kids two of
them are girls and coming from where I
come from and I think we are not I don't
say ahead of you
Britain is ahead of you we've already
fallen a long way so I come to America
always with a warning which is you do
not want to become UK but as a mother of
daughters I know that I'm supporting the
guy who wants to stand up for the
culture of America who wants to stand up
for the things that I wanted to live in
in America and that's presumably more
the position you're actually trying to
absolutely fit and that's the
perspective we're trying to get out
under the airway so it's a perspective
of regular people right now you got all
these elitist that are going off and
saying oh that's not going to be good
for the polls oh that's not gonna be
good for this demographic or whatever
the case may be and there's just pure
politics they're saying oh that guy's
running against me I'm gonna make sure
that he doesn't look good right so
that's what's at stake here is having a
free-thinking intelligent dialogue about
a very serious issue I think any regular
mom like myself
you look for someone who's going to
stand up for the fact that your
daughters can aspire to be anything they
want that my daughters will never as
long as I'm alive have to cover up yeah
be told what to do you know surely
that'sthat's the vote you're going to
see that we'll come out to support you
but the thing is I think that's a very
silent vote you don't see it in the
media and even if someone was asked
directly typically we see they won't
necessarily say absolutely this is a
very sensitive subject but I can tell
you the feedback that I've got on this
issue has been tremendous after the
first couple days where the media is
just putting on a headline saying you're
anti-muslim you're anti you know Arab
all this kind of stuff which is patently
false I mean I'm endorsed by Kamal
Saleem who's I think that's not exactly
John Smith for a name he's a Lebanese
descent former member of the Muslim
Brotherhood he's endorsed me I'm
endorsed you know when you actually look
at who is opposed to this Muslim
Brotherhood organization their majority
Muslim countries like Egypt and Saudi
Arabia and UAE so you can't say it's
anti-muslim but that's the headline that
gets pitched and so it keeps people they
try to silence you and shout you down
into submission this happens all over on
the college campuses and our variety of
different issues this one in particular
though it's amazing how fast it happened
so if you have a message for people in
terms of voters in Michigan what would
your message be what is this all about
for you ultimate is about the integrity
of our system of government and whether
or not you actually can go off and start
talking about solutions that are in the
best interest of the people or whether
or not the whole political situation
gets involved to the point where you
they pick their favorites and then shout
down anybody who's discussing things
that they find uncomfortable we were
talking about Muslim Brotherhood in this
case but we get people just as
uncomfortable while talking about fixing
the roads without increasing taxes or
going off and eliminating the state
personal income tax and you get the same
demagoguery not to the same emotional
level with all the name-calling and
stuff but you still get games that are
being played and I think there's an
people are looking for somebody that's
real that actually understands what
their pain points are and is willing to
actually give them a voice and that
doesn't happen too often in politics
nowadays it's a it's a glossy ads it's a
glossy fly
it's some money that's talking until
they change the rules and and change it
so that's about how much money raise
instead of how many votes that you
receive I think I like my chances at
taking this across the finish line
because people are tired of politics as
usual and put in an engineer and as
governor that actually starting to look
at all these complex issues that we're
facing from a perspective of making sure
that we prioritize what our customers
want instead of what these lobbyists in
Lansing want I think that's gonna be
refreshing to see more of my journalism
and the truth not being told please
visit Hopkins WorldCom
you
