you
I'm as relevant it's May 22nd and you're
watching battleground
hey welcome back we're back on the air
with our daily lunchtime chitchat or
super chat as they call it on YouTube
it's also on Facebook live at the same
time it looks like there's a dozen
people already watching on the Facebook
feed on the YouTube feed there's close
to a hundred already let me tell you
what we do besides chit chatting about
the news of the day we take your
comments now I am not good enough at
multitasking to look at both the YouTube
comments
and the Facebook comments yeah maybe
I'll get there but for now it's enough
for me to focus on not getting
tongue-tied plus looking at the YouTube
and the super chat which is what Google
calls that is if you chip in a couple
bucks your comment is put in bright
highlighter and it's appended to the
page for a certain period of time
commensurate with how much you chip in
and by the way we get to keep that money
so it helped pays the bills so thank you
for that
um today I want to talk about a few
things I want to talk about this amazing
new Silicon Valley initiative because I
was worried that left-wing points of
view were underrepresented on Facebook
Google YouTube Amazon you know I just
thought maybe we didn't have enough
voices for the progressive left so
thankfully Netflix is now going to be
dem flicks we'll talk about how they're
gonna bring us some refreshing balance
because Hollywood is so Pro Trump is
sick I mean for God's sakes wait can you
go just to get some honest-to-goodness
liberalism don't worry people your unmet
demand will finally be taken care of
with dem flakes I'll talk to you more
about that you know I saw in the news
today maybe you saw it also the picture
and you can't unsee it but it was just a
it was a he was a horrific picture but
it was also beautiful and symmetrical
and mathematical and and there's the
hyperbola and the the angles it was it
was sort of it's got that right artist's
eye you know the proportion the picture
of that man from a from a frontier air
flight
hang in a perfect arc into sort of the
the seat pocket behind peeing on an
airplane I have a lot to say about that
more than you might think
not from any personal experience but
rather a premonition of the horrors to
come and finally maybe the weirdest
story of the day Canada state
broadcaster goes full alt left
conspiracy theory about the Jews it's
super super super weird I'm going to
show you this crazy Twitter storm from
Wendy mezcla Peter Mansbridge is ex who
for some reason still has a job and the
CBC just really weird and I'll give you
my theories behind that let's start it
off as I like I tell you I like going to
the live chitchat it is fun I'm actually
gonna read try and read some from
Facebook live - I maybe I'm smart enough
to do that let's start with the YouTube
marchin why - it says hi from Ireland
from a poll well there you have there e
there you have it it's welcome Irish and
polish those are two my favorite things
and I'm not just talking about cuisine
Bob buttons puts my name is Ray in the
Jewish scare quotes all right VM
Parliament Ezra is the greatest Canadian
well that's not true everyone knows it's
Don Cherry the great mail I'm from
Israel well you know we're going to
Israel we're taking the 60 or so rebels
to Israel for ten days so that's coming
up John Jilin said hello rebels well
thank you fighting arts of England you
go Ezra's show these lefties that it's
facts and the truth account not feelings
you know what facts do count and that's
a conservative way of arguing and I like
Ben Shapiro's phrase facts don't care
about your feelings but let us not kid
ourselves feelings matter in the world
of humans and many a political campaign
many a debate has been lost by the side
bearing all the facts because they have
not properly taken into account the
emotion and the aesthetic and the look
and feel their arguments so yes of
course
ben shapiro is right the facts do not
care about your feelings they remain
facts nonetheless that phrase eight
facts they're a fact you might hate them
but they're are a fact well the feelings
often rule at the ballot box Steve
she hide from us really I love your work
rebel media well thank you very much
white knight production says can we
retro actively take Obama's piece price
since we know a ran deal was crap well
look do not put too much stock in the
Nobel Peace Prize
unlike the Nobel Prize for economy
economics or physics or math or whatever
those are judged by other experts in the
field by other chemists physicists
economists whatever the Nobel Peace
Prize well who would be the judge of
that it's it's an inherently political
decision and in fact it is a small
committee of a parliament in Norway I
mean if you're having trouble realizing
just how crazy political that would be
imagine if a small clique of MPs in
Canada liberals of course a small clique
of Democrat congressmen were to select
who the Peace Prize winner was of course
it would be a political choice of course
it wouldn't matter other than in their
own judgement so to accord the Nobel
Peace Prize with some cosmic importance
I mean you win the Nobel Prize in
Physics I you can pretty much take you
to the bank that whoever won that is a
brilliant brilliant physicist maybe not
greatest in that year but I don't think
anyone that would ever argue that if
you're winning the Nobel Prize in
Physics you know your stuff but given
Barack Obama the Nobel Peace Prize and
of course the nominations close just
weeks after he became president he
hadn't done anything that and they said
it was for his hope for peace so it's
just a political thing do not put stock
into that and anyone who thinks Oh
Donald Trump is gonna win the Nobel
Peace Prize first of all no he won't
second of all if I'm wrong and if he
does so simply use it as a moment to
shame him and third of all what does
Donald Trump care about the opinion of
some media hyped prize given out by some
no-name loser Norwegian MPs I mean I
just don't think you need even be fully
in that foolish enough to accept him
so this is YouTube I'm gonna switch for
one second to Facebook I don't know if I
have the smarts to read comments I do
there we go Carolyn Mackey watching on
Facebook Thank You Carolyn and Shan
Makana as an Indian I would like to
point out how badly the left as soon as
I am left because I'm of an ethnic
minority this is untrue most of people
living outside the West are in fact
socially conservative the lack of
thankfulness a moaning from time
from the left here really shocks me a
very interesting comment from jean-luc
Khanna who made that comment on the
Facebook page okay I am gonna go back to
the YouTube page just because it's more
lively and that's where the super chat
is but I might check in from time to
time on that Facebook live
alright 1207 I being cubed seeing too
much I want to start with with this
tweet about Barack Hussein Obama he just
won't go away Willy he just will not go
quietly into that good night he had 8
years on the stage and that ain't enough
for him
can we put the tweet up here so this is
from Netflix USA President Barack Obama
and Michelle Obama have entered into a
multi-year agreement to produce films
and series for Netflix potentially
including scripted series unscripted
series docu-series documentaries and
features and look at that 270,000 people
like it they love it because I was
worried we weren't getting enough
political scolding from the left I you
know what I was worried that Barack
Obama and Hillary Clinton you know you
can criticize george w bush in there are
definitely grounds to criticize him but
will you agree with me that after his
term was up he retired he went away he
doesn't give political lectures i mean
from time to time you see him popping up
greeting military you vets in hospitals
or soldiers returning from afar and so
it's just like a human moment not a
partisan moment there's little pieces
about his painting which is actually
surprisingly not bad i think he might
have had some private comments that were
slightly hostile to donald trump but
given the fact that donald trump just
sliced and diced his brother Jeb Bush
that's pretty much like my point is it's
been a long time since george w bush was
in the press saying anything barack
obama just can't stay out and michelle
obama even more so imagine all the
scolding you got you got all you I mean
there's so much food TV right you got
you got that leftist Jamie
what's-his-name from the UK
you got that shouty the other show D
Brit Gordon
something something so always insulting
people I mean there's food challenges so
there's all different you know baked the
cake or whatever
I think Michelle Obama I have a
prediction that she will do a food
series based on crappy food that she
herself doesn't eat that she wants to
force on Americans that was one of her
things as first lady is taking out yummy
food from schools and replacing it with
like carrots I'm not an auntie carrot
I'm not an antique erudite I'm not a
carrot of phob I'm just saying carrots
are better to be seen than heard you
just have him over there
it's like parsley it's like parsley but
she wanted to make the parsley the
center it and no hamburgers no pizza no
chicken fingers well that's half the fun
of high school so I predict you're gonna
have a Michelle Obama Cooking Channel I
predict you're gonna have a Barack Obama
I don't know what's he got what's he
gonna talk about he's gonna talk with
all his buddies you know I don't have a
political fair show he'll have someone
from Cuba someone from Iran
maybe Dmitry Medvedev can we call up
that Medvedev bus on message to Vladimir
I can imagine Barack Obama bring him
back the old crew bring him back all the
friends that he was supposed to have as
his legacy the Iran deal opening the
embassy in Havana is that funny when
Barack Obama opened the embassy in a
more formal way in Havana Cuba the media
call that what was the word they chose
historic not even controversial it's
just historic even though Cuba remains
the most repressive regime in the
Western Hemisphere that's obvious but
even left-wing groups like reports
Without Borders say so even right now
the Cuban government uses a sound weapon
- like a radiation weapon at the US and
Canadian embassies there and has damaged
the health of diplomats and their
families so it's a
it's a grotesque regime it's linked
closely with Venezuela as colonizing
really it's an oppressive regime when
Barack Obama opened the embassy in
Havana was called historic when Donald
Trump moved the US embassy from Tel Aviv
to Jerusalem it was a best called
controversial but more often called
outrageous I imagine a show you know
they said scripted that means like like
something unscripted he is reality TV
isn't it funny he used to criticize
Donald Trump for reality TV now he's
getting into it um I imagine I'm just
daydreaming here the Barack Obama will
have a panel he'll have Ahmed inna jad
from Iran over there he'll have Raul
Castro I can't remember if he's still
alive no worries the propping up weekend
at Bernie's style over there and I think
just for a little bit of sexy drama they
will have a Russian because all this
Russia Russia Russia collusion business
name to Donald Trump the only proof I've
seen with my eyes of collusion trickery
and backroom deals with Russia it's not
from Donald Trump
it's from Barack Obama and this moment
right before the 2012 election without
further to do my friends have found the
clip here is the collusion video that
you'd think would be shown every night
but it's not maybe we'll see this on
Netflix
punishment understand
i transmit this message to flood the
vladimir i can I I generally cannot
watch that video without responding to
it with a Russian accent that was what
they call a hot mic moment the two
leaders were miked up and they either
forgot they had the mic on or they
didn't realize the mic was live so you
heard him there he said this is my last
election just let me get the election
out of the way and then I'll have more
flexibility I transmit message to load
the mirror and what happened well after
that what we saw that Russia invaded
Ukraine with no ramifications whatsoever
we saw Russian mercenaries shoot down a
jet over Ukraine with no ramifications
whatsoever if that was the Iranians or
the Libyans who did that we would call
that a terrorist incidents and go on the
warpath
we saw Hillary Clinton's husband Bill
Clinton give a speech in st. Petersburg
for half a million dollars and Russia
bought 20% of all American uranium so we
have actual proof of things that
happened actual proof of money going to
the Clinton Foundation money going to
the Clintons we have Barack Obama caught
on tape saying just let me get elected
and I'll have all the flexibility won
and Medvedev saying it's a tie that's
meant to flood the America and and
you're saying and after a year of
hunting you can't find anything in
Donald Trump my point is maybe we'd be
able to see the game get back together
on this new dem flix I'm so glad because
I wait a minute where am I going to get
my fix I mean whether it's Hollywood the
nightly news the daily papers all the
blogs the comedy in the evening or you
know just our social media I can't get
enough of the Democratic line thankfully
Netflix will be there to provide me a
streaming source of leftism let me check
the time it's twelve fourteen what do we
do well every weekday I come here I
chitchat for an hour I take your
comments I'm gonna go to Facebook for a
minute read a comment there if there's a
new one and then I'm gonna come right
back on YouTube Facebook Caroline Mackey
the nice thing about Netflix is there's
a thumbs to help
but and well yeah but I mean they're
gonna censor that just like Twitter and
Facebook banned comments that they don't
like either Mike Michele al Diageo
socialism is evil I think there's a lot
of truth to that and that's you can say
that morally and philosophically or I
can look at its results and say so
pragmatically all right I'm back on the
YouTube page let me read a few comments
Petra Heinrichs Dada - Smith - Vladimir
that'sthat's just so funny could you
imagine if Donald Trump were caught on
tape saying after I just have to get
through this election but then I'm gonna
make make huge concessions to you and if
the other side said I transmit message
we would see that every day but how many
of you have not seen that clip before a
Barack Obama saying just let me get
through this election then I'll have
more flexible how many of you have not
seen that before and do you not think
that that is a relevant video
Rebecca Boyd thank God I don't have
Netflix well look you're surrounded by
it all the time Hillary Clinton by the
way I'm surprised she doesn't have a
deal on Netflix she just will not go
quietly into that good night either by
the way she's lost twice I mean don't
forget she lost to Donald Trump in 2016
but she lost to Barack Obama in in 2008
she ran for the Democratic nomination
she had that thing all sewn up but no no
so she's lost twice if she just won't
take it easy I don't know why I won't I
don't know why she won't retire maybe
it's the people around her just can't
let go maybe she just feels this
obsession that she can't let go I know
every politician has ambition but but
what's so interesting about her and and
here we are a year and a half after she
lost the blame storming the blame
storming and the bitterness and the
self-reference it's it's quite something
and the Democrats just can't quit her
either all right um I want to play some
ads by the way I'm not sure if we closed
off sales for rebel Israel I think
actually this week is the final week so
if you're interested in coming with me
Katie Hopkins
Cardillo Tanvi Raman and Sheila gun Reid
to Israel we're going for 10 days we're
going next month we have tickets to the
Israeli Air Force graduation airshow
which is considered the hot ticket in
town not only do the new Air Force
cadets get their wings but some of the
most awesome hardware and the sky flies
around I don't know if they'll be flying
their new f-35 jets which I understand
they have in service over there
here's a quick ad for our Israel trip
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be fun I
haven't been to Israel in there I guess
been just a year it felt like work when
I was over there cuz we're gonna produce
so many videos the rebel team but of
course for our rebel enthusiasts that
would be you it's it's not work at all
it's it's a vacation but it's but you
know what I gotta tell you maybe it's my
old age when I was young like many young
people I just traveled just I couldn't
get enough I wanted to see the world I
didn't care what it was like I would
just go youth standby was a was an
airplane thing back then you could
travel super cheap if you went in the
last minute in coach these days I like
to travel with a bit of an editorial or
political component sort of like
political tourism I not troublemaking
but just I'd like to talk to someone in
politics I'd like to talk to someone in
journalism I'd like to have an expert
but for last time I went to Israel for
example we had a we had Danny tearsa the
retired US sorry Israeli military
commander who built the border fence
between the Arab towns and the Jewish
towns he gave us the tour the fence
explaining why it's a wall here why it's
a fence there and how the system works
to me I mean going to Israel yes there's
a there's a religious and a historical
thing and just a I poppin tourism side
but for me without that political side I
get bored so if you think if this is the
week to sign up I'm absolutely sure that
by next week we're going to close it off
you interested or rebel Israel calm I
see a little super chat from Ezra's
first a regular skip up the good work
Ezra well thank you very much for that
friendly no it's 12:20 so we're already
a third down and I haven't even
stretched my legs yet today I want to
talk about Starbucks and Starbucks are
such a virtue signaling company why is
it because it started in Seattle sort of
the the lefty hipster City is it because
it's trying hard to overcome its
corporate image I mean Starbuck
Starbucks is such a mighty corporate
it's crushed so many corner coffee shops
independent coffee shops it's so
corporate it's so expensive then maybe
as an antidote to its own multinational
corporate billionaire ISM it
overcompensates by being such a social
justice warrior that's a typical move I
mean in Canada who's the most obsequious
social justice warrior in the corporate
world that would be Galen Weston the
third the the inheritor of the Loblaws
grocery store chain he's so
oleaginous on-screen talking about how
socially conscious he is and wouldn't
you know it it turns out he was caught
rigging the price of bread for years he
cheated the poorest Canadians out of
billions of dollars price rigging bread
of all things you stealing bread from
the mouths of poor that's my point
you got a billionaire on TV he pretends
he's a social justice warrior in real
life he's a hypocrite
he's just a greedy thieving tycoon I
would say the same thing about Al Gore
in real life he took what a hundred
million dollars from the the state
broadcaster of Qatar and OPEC
dictatorship that's oil money and in
public he really cares about greenhouse
gases in private his riches came from an
OPEC dictatorship and and so you have it
with Starbucks that's my operating
theory for Starbucks they crushed
independent corner store coffee shops
they've crushed affordable coffee by
you've got to have the Starbucks snob
coffee or you're just not cool and so
they make up for it by being ultra
leftist and their CEO it's just he's the
worst
he's the worst and as I think you know
they they recently had a set to when
someone who was not a customer came in
and said I demand to use the bathroom
and someone said sir it's for customers
only and the person who demanded to use
the bathroom said well it's a race thing
you're a bunch of
so every Starbucks in America in Canada
- had was shut down for a day when they
hadn't had a racial sensitivity lessons
because apparently asking to use the
bathroom is a black thing I think that's
a human thing I have to go pee things
and so what's the solution we'll the
solution from corporate office is that
now any one customer or not will be able
to come into Starbucks and use the
bathroom as if it's a public bathroom
and anyone regardless of their customer
I can just hang out there so so here we
have it Starbucks news room because you
know you all the best coffee shops have
news rooms that's what when I'm when I'm
faced with coffee alternatives who's got
the news room ok stomachs it's reading
purpose we are committed to creating a
culture of warmth and belonging where
everyone is welcome well that's not true
you're a shareholder rate of return
company like all corporations this
policy is intended to help maintain the
third place environment in alignment
with our mission to inspire and nurture
the human spirit
one person one cup and when they run at
time so hey everybody come on in now and
he it reminds me of of oil companies
when they say when BP which stands for
British Petroleum tried to rebrand so no
no no it doesn't stand for British
control this sense from beyond petroleum
we really don't like petroleum guys and
then their Deepwater Horizon rig in the
Gulf of Mexico blew up when when people
claim they're about something other than
making money for shareholders they're
lying to you and the CEO of Starbucks
who says our purpose is to create warm
human spaces no that's for families and
churches and NGOs and clubs and bowling
leagues and Rotary clubs and PTAs to do
that's not what for-profit mega
corporations do and the minute you tell
me that's your goal is the minute I know
not only are you a liar but you think
I'm stupid I want to
I want to eat you a quote from a reddit
of a Starbucks employee let's put that
up on the screen the story on Fox News
the Starbucks employees customers
expressed concern over new policy I
can't see how this will work
you don't say here let me read this
someone claiming to be an employee who
works at a store in the loop in Chicago
said they hate the new policy because
the store bathrooms have turned into a
hub for drug activity quote we haven't
been allowed to change our bathroom
codes since April those are the little
lock codes like punching for numbers so
almost all the junkies and homeless
people know the code now but once a week
we find needles drug baggies blood all
over the toilet or walls the user wrote
yeah I'm gonna go further and say well
what what if someone wants to have an
app in there what if I'm just making
things up it's a closed room what if
some oboes want a place to get a little
intimate get a little handsy with each
other you know frankly better than in a
park and if those idiots that Starbucks
AHQ by the way can I tell you a very
quick Starbucks story let me check the
time it's 12 26 I got time for a stomach
story I went to China 10 years ago I
went to the Great Wall of China and can
you believe it I mean Great Wall times
very long but where I went not far from
Beijing there was a Starbucks and I had
to check because I there's so many
counterfeit everything says counterfeit
any brand they people just you know they
would have like a Starbucks with or
something but no this was a real
Starbucks and I thought how can China is
people of for the Starbucks because the
prices there are the same as the prices
here like how can how can you afford in
$8 for a fancy coffee well that's the
thing it's for the new super-rich and
going to Starbucks is proof that their
Western cool but this Starbucks I mean
and we went there for for a drink in for
it for a bite to eat the food was
shipped in from Beijing meticulous
sealed so it actually had an extremely
high hygiene standard which is why I
mean you go to China of course you want
to eat on the
get that Chinese experience but after a
while your tummy says please only eat at
western-style restaurants because they
are obsessive about hygiene at least
that's my experience 10 years ago having
mean back to China says
Haagen Dazs KFC I mean the only face you
see more of than Chairman Mao up there
is is Colonel Sanders I might be out of
date but back then these western-style
stores were so eager and excited and was
often a Western sort of hirer teacher I
want to tell you about the Starbucks
bathroom at the Great Wall of China 10
years ago okay so we just finished
hiking the Great Wall of China it was
extremely hot like a 30 degrees Celsius
what's that almost a hundred Fahrenheit
sweating hot very thirsty very tired
hungry go to Starbucks air conditioned
hygiene get some western-style food and
sure you're paying Western prices but
who cares your Western tourists okay so
you use the bathroom you go to the
Starbucks bathroom in China I'm almost
done my story and it's just like a
bathroom here in North America and you
go in and you use it and you notice that
outside the bathroom when you come up
there is a staffer paid I don't know how
many you want a day I don't know paid a
dollar a day maybe and I'm wearing a
Starbucks outfit and they are stationed
outside that bathroom and after every
single person leaves the bathroom that
custodian went in and cleaned the
bathroom from top to bottom after every
single customer that's a true story
to which as a Western germaphobe tourist
who's caring my Purell with me you say
thank God for this multinational
multi-billion dollar corporation with
strict rules and procedures for
everything including workplace health
and safety after every I went in use the
bathroom the attendant cleans that
phiman said the missus uses it or maybe
she went first on and though custodian
cleans it that custodian did nothing all
day
keep that Chinese Starbuck bathroom so
clean
you wouldn't do it but you could eat in
there and why because if you've been to
China or many parts of the third world
they're not exactly used to our Western
style of plumbing and I'm not gonna
gross you out cuz I know it's lunchtime
on the East Coast I'm not gonna tell you
more details
my point is Western tourists like me
love the ultra hygiene but not every
Chinese person who was going there knew
how to use those particular facilities
and my point is North American Starbucks
bathrooms are now going to be I was
going to say the shittiest but I don't
want to swear and you say the crappiest
bathrooms in the entire Starbucks chain
can you put up the mean from Dave Berg
you know Iowa hug blog he's so funny the
bathroom is ankle deep in the hobo poop
please clean it up Zach this is taken
from one of the race-based protests
against our back just hold this up I
will never get tired of looking at this
picture because you know his name is
Zach and you know he loves soy milk and
you know he's voting for Clinton or
maybe even Bernie Sanders and you know
he dabbles and vegetarianism and you
know he's a male feminist and you know
if he can afford a car
it's an uber and you know he you know he
has that blacklivesmatter pin even
though he's so white he's pink and he
worked at Starbucks because of course so
he is so impeccably liberal like
Starbucks is but you can Trump all those
things just by playing the race card
and I don't know what that guy was
really shouting megaphone is three feet
from his face and Dave Berg Iowa hog oh
my god if you're not following Dave Berg
on Twitter you really have to
he's I'd call him a little bit
conservative a little bit old-fashioned
but just can you put up there one more
just for
more second I just want to read the
caption again uh the bathroom is ankle
decent you know oh whoa Pope please
clean it up Zak over okay you can take
it down and my point is in China they
really do have someone who cleans it up
but in North America they don't and I
don't know if I was Zach I don't know if
I would you know the whole point of
working in Starbucks is it's sort of
cool for people who think that's cool
I'm not going to call it a prestige job
I mean you're really just a barista I'm
not knocking it everyone I mean I every
young person should work as a waiter as
I have every one person should work as a
dishwasher learn basic work skills learn
being submissive to a customer and
obedient and just yeah work with your
hands and do dirty stuff and maybe
decide you want to move one up in life
but I don't think Zach if that guy's
name was Zach would want to work at
Starbucks if his job included cleaning
out druggie needles and hobo poop and we
had a little premonition of what things
are gonna be like in Canada now this is
viewer discretion advised I'm gonna show
you the future of Starbucks what I'm
about to show you and my American
friends might not have seen this but my
Canadian friends have don't put it up
yet let me let me prompt it a little bit
better in Canada we have a chain called
Tim Hortons which is sort of a more
middle-class version of stomachs and
someone really wanted to use the
bathroom really really really wanna use
the bathroom and they were denied the
bathroom this is your last chance to
click away because this is gonna get
this is gonna get shocking here is
closed-circuit TV from Tim Hortons and
Canada turn away now click away now
because you're about to see something
you cannot unsee this is what happened
in Canada yes some viewers might find
upsetting ok so there's someone that may
have a bathroom key let me have the
bathroom key give me the bathroom key no
you're not a customer
give me the bathroom eat Zach give me
the bathroom no Zach no no you're not
black you're white you just some way I
have to go to the bathroom I'm taking a
napkin
I'm taking the napkin I'm dropping trou
they're coming down now I I I'm calling
I'm calling the police
okay look away this is your last minute
oh wow I am so sorry people I was so
sure I showed that to you now that was a
horrific incident and I'm just trying to
find my gag reflex here that was
considered bad behavior in Tim Hortons
I'm not going to describe what you saw
because you saw it I'm not gonna show it
again I gave you what three warnings and
then we had a written warning on the
screen you were warned I was warned by
me I think police were called they
probably shut down the whole store and
scrubbed everything you probably saw
that say before on the cell phone call
it I don't know call his mom calling the
police fire department call him a hazmat
team I don't know calling pest control I
calling some industrial cleanup crew I
don't know but he was called for help as
in he knew that was not normal
he knew that is not how Tim Hortons can
be if Tim Hortons wants to be in
business that is a tape of the horrors
of man that is not that it's not an
instructional video that is not a staff
memo on how to do it but that is the
future of Starbucks and you know what
from a virtue signaling lefty company it
looks great on them may you enjoy your
hobo poop your needles and used condoms
and you know it'll be proof if anyone
does go to these Starbucks
it'll be proof that they really really
mean it I myself prefer the Chinese
Starbucks where they have an attendant
outside the bathroom that goes in and
cleans it
literally after every occasion and sure
you give him a a one yuan tip which at
the time was 15 cents yeah absolutely
all right
I I need to brush my teeth and rinse my
mouth and have a shower and just
generally forget about what we just saw
there
I'm gonna take some comments did I miss
a super chat John sing us I'm here for
the bathroom stories I want to tell you
I have never told that story before and
the story is not about me in the
bathroom the story is about how
Starbucks bath you know George Costanza
the joke was it he wanted to you know I
think this is before the age of apps is
this is this a real Costanza thing or
was this like some fanfiction later on
that he wanted to create like a guide to
the best bathrooms in New York best
public bathrooms I mean that's such a
Costanza thing on Seinfeld right that's
really really silly but I would
definitely vote the great wall is trying
to Starbucks bathroom as perhaps the
finest public bathroom I've ever been
into my life it's got the Ezra Levante
seal of approval and would they let a
hobo in I don't know but I tell you one
thing they would sterilize that place
clean as a whistle
after the hobo was gone that's a fact
let's take a quick look there's one more
super chat that I missed because I was
so engrossed engrossed being the first
two regulars one pound on you
freeloaders I'm throwing three dollars
at a time well thank you very much for
that I appreciate that you know what's
the soup in that super chat I'll pay
closer attention to the super chat is
when you make a comment and you chip in
a few bucks that money goes to pay our
bills and you can keep in two bucks or
five bucks
I saw someone chip in Mexican pesos the
other day we had Swedish kronor and it
ensures that i see your comment because
it's in bright colors and it also
there's everyone else who's in the house
the pair of pills I'm gonna take one
second to check out the Facebook page if
I haven't forgotten hell
Wendy Yan says the media is so left and
the rhetoric is so divisive and
poisonous that anyone with half a neuron
firing will distance himself from these
truth deniers well you could be
referring to so many different things
that I have said in the last 10 minutes
let's go back to the YouTube page here
Jake Harry says I only get 50 characters
on super chat 200 unnormal well actually
the amount of characters you get on
super chat is proportionate to how much
dough you put in and that's just how the
system works
I read even the shortest super chats the
other day someone chipped in 50 bucks on
super chat so there's lots of text and
it stayed up for the whole time we're
still let's just do a new technology I
just sort of start online I thought
what's that and then I said what does
the channel get the dough well let's do
that just for fun and I should take
questions anyways all right what's worse
than a than a bathroom incident at
Starbucks because the thing is even in
Starbucks you can leave right you can
just walk out the door like if I were in
that Tim Hortons when things were going
down when things were getting crazy when
it hit the fan if I were in that Tim
Hortons I know what I would have done I
would have covered the eyes of my
children of 10 new years I would have
told the missus look away it's like it's
like Medusa do not look directly at do
not look directly at the Sun it's like
if you have a solar eclipse do not look
at the Sun I would say it would be like
lot turning back to Sodom and Gomorrah
do know you will turn into a pillar of
salt so I would hide the eyes of
everyone I cared about and I would say
leave this den of ill repute walk away
and do not return but what if you're in
a place and there are no doors or at
least there's doors in your 35,000
which brings me to the last part of this
bathroom saga this trilogy Starbucks Tim
Hortons and now frontier air and I bring
you the case of the man peed in the
plane take a look it's believed for one
Frontier passenger who snapped this
picture of another passenger she claims
was urinating on another passenger seat
he took off if people at the beginning
urinating on the seat in front of it uh
then screamed it all started midair on a
frontier flight heading from Denver to
Charleston the woman claims the man
seemed intoxicated and started making
inappropriate comments to the women he
was sitting next to then things
escalated cream Jesus said if you touch
me again I'll kill you
and then flight attendants just came
came the man at that beef duh save it
for Starbucks
what are you doing peeing on a plane
that is so dumb and disrespectful and
where are people going to run you put
that Becker away and you take it to
Starbucks where they approve that sort
of thing all right I promise you I am
done the bathroom jokes but the thing is
none of them were jokes they're all in
the news and Starbucks has embraced it
as corporate policy all right
let's change the subject I want to show
you an extract for my show yesterday
where I sat down with a hero of mine I
was way too giddy my friend Conrad Black
has a new book on Donald Trump take a
look I note that America is booming
unemployment is low it's at record lows
for blacks and Hispanics and industrial
companies are reassuring Apple
repatriated a quarter of a trillion
dollars manufacturing is coming back and
he actually hasn't other than his new
squabble with China he actually hasn't
done anything either then used a bully
pulpit yet the deregulated to encourage
investment and and change the psychology
man half of economics is psychology he's
changed that
the the soft point is workforce
participation zat 62.8% that should be a
bit higher but you remember on his trade
thing he's all for trade what he doesn't
like her trade imbalances he wants the
United States to export more rather than
the others to export less to the US as
long as long as it's fair trade I mean
let's just look in one sentence of
Mexico that is a trade surplus with the
u.s. of 65 billion dollars they were
facilitating the entry into the United
States of a Familia completely unskilled
people and maybe good people but
unskilled people Italy going every year
and and they were enticing American
factories away to have just inside the
Mexican border and then encourage them
to export back into the US creating
unemployment in the United States and
encouraging them to retain their profits
in Mexico so they didn't pay taxes leave
us now you don't blame the Mexicans for
doing what they can but the United
States doesn't have to put up with that
it's 20 times as powerful countries in
Mexico and that's not fair trade huh
there you have a Conrad black the book
is Donald Trump a president like no
other and it is for sale on Amazon right
now I really enjoyed the conversation I
was too giddy you know what there's two
guys when I interview them I just go
full fanboy Connor I black is one of
them and Jordan Peterson is the other I
just can't I just I'm so excited
especially Jordan Peterson we gotta have
to catch up with him again
he's just being honest on the
Magnificent tour in 5000 people go to an
event the other day that's bigger than a
lot of rock bands do I mean sure the
absolute a list brought bands sellout up
40,000 seats stadium but when you're
getting fifty thousand five thousand
excuse me people in a room that really
is rock star stance no wonder the rest
of the academics hate him they hate him
ideologically and they hate the fact
that he's popular and their ideas or not
as refers to regulars has a super chair
what's Ezra's take on the Royal Wedding
I would say that I am a monarchist I
know a lot of my Republican friends
don't like that especially Americans but
the reason I like the monarchy is
because of tradition and constancy and
continuity and reserve and tradition and
honor and
fools and history and culture everything
that the modern progressive last is
trying to wipeout
I also like the fact that there is some
sort of power that's held in reserve and
clay in case our politicians get too
crazy our friends in the United States
have the Second Amendment
they hold the power in reserve to save
them from an overweening state that is
they have a gun and the very purpose of
the Second Amendment is if the
government gets crazy while the people
can take it back in the British
parliamentary constitutional democracy
that the queen is the queen of Canada -
of course the hope is if the politicians
get crazy you have this family who has
been charged for all time
with keeping the country and they are
above politics and they make a
constitutional move I don't know once in
a generation and save the country and
they stay nonpartisan they stay
apolitical they do sort of good works
all the time but once in awhile they
step in I like that and it also removes
some of the pomp and circumstance out of
the politicians and into this royal
family so the politicians are not the
Royals the Royals are the Royals out
daft you cases Starbucks logo it's a
mermaid swimming in pee well I wouldn't
have thought that until now and I would
have think that was a childhood joke
until now but unfortunately that is
there seems to be their big old plan
hey I want to play one more clip my
friend John Cardillo has a show every
day called off-the-cuff
John Cardillo is a former NYPD cop he's
based in Florida and he has interesting
things to say about law and order
terrorism security and these days he is
on a tear about the way police and the
security apparatus and intelligence have
been revealed under the Obama
administration to have cooked up a
scheme against Donald Trump planted an
informant there I don't know what he's
show his on today but it wouldn't
surprise me if it's on that here's a
show promo from John Cardillo today on
off-the-cuff Declassified the Obama
administration's spying scandal on the
Trump administration heats up I'll tell
you all about it national security
reporter
Jorden shock tell joins me to discuss
the latest Tom Muller's Pro a Baltimore
area police officer is killed while the
liberal media continues to vilify cops
on behalf of criminals and American
history continues to be called racist
oh my god it's 12:47 I think I took up
46 minutes with bathroom jokes I swear
that is not normally what I talk about
but with Starbucks basically saying our
bathrooms are now homeless shelters how
can you not hey put that Dave Berg
graphic up just one more time just
because I've looked at it ten times now
that's 11 the bathroom is wrinkled deep
and hobo blue please clean it up Zach
this that just if hey if that's your
corporate brand run with it doesn't
doesn't really surprise me it's the
logical extension of everything else
Starbucks stands for they I just have
never seen a company actually do that
before it'll be quite something to watch
um there's one more story I want to hit
and it's so weird I've sort of pushed it
for last because I don't even know how
to talk about it it's a conspiracy
theory now this conspiracy theories all
the time my general take on conspiracy
theories is avoid them you don't need to
talk about them the world is crazy
enough you can go with conspiracy facts
you don't need conspiracy theories and
by conspiracy if in fact I mean we see
people conspiring to do awful things out
in the open there's so many open secrets
that just you need to report a point of
finger at you don't need to cook
something up in your own mind I think
the appeal of a conspiracy theory is it
makes the theorize ER feel like they
have some secret knowledge they have
some inside track or some super wisdom
that others lack a cosmic explanation
often that makes them feel better and
appeals to their own prejudices I'm not
saying that conspiracy theories are
never proved I'm just saying there's so
many conspiracy facts out there don't
conspiracy theories so I'm loathe to
give gas to conspiracy theories on the
right and I find the conspiracy theories
on the left are commonplace the same
people who criticize conspiracy theories
on the right serve them up on the left
all the time and so I bring to you
Canada's state broadcaster and one of
their c-list talents her name is Wendy
Mansley to be honest I think that the
only reason she's still there is
nepotism there's so much nepotism in the
CBC who slept with who who married who
who's the son of whom we had Evan Dyer
we showed a clip from him the other day
his dad Gwyn Dyer I mean of course of
course it's all in the family it's like
a job you passed down from father to son
because it's a government job Wendy
mezcla is one of Peter Mansbridge his ex
and she's Max's and she's still there
let me show you a series of tweets she
did oh just like some crazy crazy woman
here's the first one thread are there
ties between former Prime Minister
Stephen Harper and House GOP mega donor
Sheldon Adelson yeah they're friends
sheldon adelson was a driving force
behind Donald Trump's decision to move
the US Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel
Aviv and the decision to withdraw from
the Iran nuclear deal Ken Vogel says
Adel sin is very close to Trump he hold
it there for a second um I don't think
Wendy mentally knows this cuz I don't
think she does any of her own
researchers research I think she has a
few millennial staff that you know
basically write everything for and she's
really a bingo caller as Frank magazine
would say she just reads what's in front
of her but um every US administration
for 25 years has been in favor of moving
the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
the last time it was voted on I think
just last year was ninety to zero in the
Senate so the move to Jerusalem was not
a Trump thing I mean he's one who
actually did it but it's been American
policy for decades of course Sheldon
Adelson supported it but so did many
others is Sheldon Adelson a big donor
sure he is but there's a real Jews
conspiracy here
back to these things here the next tweet
the billionaire casino magnate is a top
donor to the Republicans he pledged an
additional 30 million to the GOP last
week just as the embassy was being moved
and Trump bailed on the Iran nuclear
deal so so it's a clear implication that
Jewish money bought the foreign policy
in the United States again if you have
been following Donald Trump as long as I
have you will know that long before he
became president and long before he
threw his head in there and you can
search Donald Trump's old tweets you
know how to do that go to Twitter and in
that riddle top the type of real Donald
Trump and then Iran and you can see that
Trump was tweeting about Iran basically
since the day he joined Twitter and yeah
the Shadle Sheldon Adelson agree with
them yes so does Chuck Schumer the
Democrat senator from New York so do
most Americans and Barack Obama knew
that there was no way he would get this
Iran deal through the Senate so he
didn't put it to the Senate it's not
even a treat he was like a private
agreement but to Wendy Mansley this
expert from Toronto this is proof of a
Jewish money conspiracy where Sheldon
Adelson gave thirty million dollars to
Donald Trump so we moved the embassy and
opposed the Iran deal and I guess he got
in a time machine and convinced Donald
Trump to take both of these positions
many years ago too next week this is
just crazy conspiracy theory and here he
or she brings it on home and now you
understand why she's indulging in this
alt left judea phobia former prime
minister stephen harper put his name to
an ad in The New York Times
congratulating Trump for making the
right decision on Iran oh well ha yeah
by the way so did a dozen other former
world leaders including from Europe and
Australia but you keep going put the
next one up do we have any more it's
just correct the ad was sponsored by the
Friends of Israel of which Harper and US
National Security riser John Bolton are
founding members and Adel some funds
well there you have him so Stephen
Harper supports Israel also because
after leaving office he joined a an
advocacy group so so that explains why
in 2000 and
six when Stephen Harper was first
elected he supported Israel because you
see Stephen Harper took that Adel some
money and went back in a time machine 12
years to 2006 and that's what I remember
when he stood up against the United
Nations in La Francophonie in particular
for condemning Israel and its war
against Hamas and Hezbollah when he
mezcla has finally cracked The Da Vinci
Code here Stephen Harper's support for
Israel which goes back to before he was
in office but certainly in 2006 is
because he joined a boy I need strings
I need a corkboard and I need lots of
flow charts and I need everything in all
caps and exclamation points and I need
things cut out of newspapers and stuck
there because I got to string this all
together Stephen Harper's lifelong
support for Israel is because two years
after three years after he left office
he joined a group with shale than a dose
and he keep putting this crazy craziness
up here in 2016 Stephen Harper was
invited to a tolson's 44,000 square foot
mansion in Las Vegas because you know
the Jews lived large where he was the
guest of honor at a private gathering it
for Jews the Jews the Jews yes Allison
is a rich Jew juju juju juju and I bet
they served jujubes and you know this
Ken Vogel says it fits a Dulce n--'s mo
to recruit foreign leaders who align
with his view umm yeah wendy i'm stephen
harper is not a foreign leader he's an
ex foreign leader one more tweet here
stephen harper echoed his support for
israel during a speech at a quebec
synagogue you know that's where the jews
meet and they talk about israel and I
don't think Stephen Harper would have
talked to those pro-israel Jews in 2018
if it weren't for the NATO some money
last last sweet here by this kook
in the last couple of months Stephen
Harper's come out of political
hibernation to reiterate his stance on
foreign policy issues he became chair of
the international
kradic Union and international alliance
of center-right parties there's one more
let's just really hear within weeks of
Stephen Harper taking on his new role of
the ITU his successor Conservative Party
leader Andrew Shearer said if his party
wins the Federal Elections expect the
next year he'd recognize Jerusalem is
capital of Israel ah-ha-ah-ha
we found it we found it you see Andrew
Shearer is with the Conservative Party
and and the Conservative Party Stephen
Harper used to lead it and after Stephen
Harper was done leading it he went to
this Jewish place in Vegas and they
spoke of Jewish synagogue on the Jews
surprisingly believed in Jerusalem these
Jews and they're super wealthy Jewish
44,000 square foot Jew houses and you
see when immensely connected the dots
and the Jews because the Jewish money
support the Jewish state and Andrew
Shearer because he's a conservative did
so as well right I'm sorry Wendy
medicine you were a kook you and alt
left conspiracy theorists smacking of
anti-semitism it really between your
really gross plastic surgery and your
jus watch juice piracies you're not a
lot different than David Duke that's
another guy who's just got too much
Botox and just talks about the germs mom
is the Druze you're crazy you're crazy I
don't think she would come up with such
a crazy conspiracy theory by herself I
think it was fed to her by Gerald butts
the PMO it really feels that way it's
such a crazy crazy crazy conspiracy
theory it reminds me of when Gerald BOTS
sent out Daniel Jean Trudeau's national
security adviser to tell the media did
that seek terrorists who was
accompanying Justin Trudeau in India he
was planted there by India this feels
like the same thing it's weird no one
else normal would say it but give it to
Wendy medicine in the state broadcaster
she'll say literally anything
Gerald buts wants her to say because
jailbot's is in a panic right now
because his pro Hamas anti-israel
policies are alienating the Jewish vote
in Montreal
and a couple of Jewish MPs Anthony has
father and Mark Mendocino who represents
a Jewish rally in Toronto they have come
out against Trudeau and this is way of
your butt's fighting back it's really
weird trying to pin the Conservative
Party on Stephen Harper is really weird
it's embarrassing it's an all-deaf
conspiracy theory but it's sort of gross
and it's been a couple days and I'll
have to search a little bit more but I
have not seen a single leader of the
Jewish community in Canada and the
anti-defamation group condemned this
bizarre conspiracy theory by the
Liberals is and I would call it an
anti-semitic trope I mean if David Duke
had said the same thing and published it
on Jew watch would it be any different
44,000 square foot Jewish home and the
Jewish Republicans do to Jew Jew Jew I
really don't see the difference other
than this comes from general butts
whereas David Duke comes from the KKK be
interesting to me to see if any Jewish
leaders condemned this or if they just
you know really they don't care because
you know they're liberals at heart
they'll be interesting well that's the
show for today
it was very strange show we started off
talking about Starbucks bathrooms and we
wound up talking about a really kooky
anti-semitic trope filled conspiracy
theory on the state broadcaster that's
the kind of day it's been so in a way
it's made full circle the bathroom
stories it's 12:15 I know I'll keep
talking for one more minute and I'll
tell you that we do this every day we're
trying to figure it out we're on YouTube
super chat and Facebook live we're gonna
see if we can hook up a Twitter stream
also in the future it's just a fun way
to pass the hour if you haven't may I
invite you to tune in nightly to my a
p.m. Eastern show that's a show called
the astral Vance show and we have a long
monologue that's more produced and a
couple of interviews every day and I
also read my fan mail and hate mail so
if you're subscriber we'll see you then
if not we'll see you back here tomorrow
12:00 noon Eastern Time until then on
behalf of all of us here at rebel world
quarters keep fighting for freedom
you
