more Republicans are calling for an end
to special counsel Robert Muller's probe
Republicans many of whom previously
didn't want to touch them all a probe in
fact many of them were establishment
never Trump Republicans who were pretty
happy to see the probe going on are now
realizing that Americans are sick and
tired of it and wanted ended
now last week Vice President Mike Pence
said hey it's time to wrap this up now
he's joined by House Speaker Paul Ryan
and Senator John Thune
Paul Ryan said this is from a National
Review story he would quote like to see
the Malheur investigation wrapped up
Ryan said quote I think he should be
free to do his job but I would like to
see it get wrapped up of course we want
to see this thing come to its conclusion
but again I've always said he should be
free to finish his job now Muller
Ryan is not running for reelection so
this is very interesting to me he does
want to push Muller too hard but I think
even Paul Ryan has never been a fan of
the president knows there's nothing
there and that this probe is really
compromising Trump's ability to govern
it's also hurting establishment
candidates who aren't vocal enough
against Muller going into the midterms
of course last week in an NBC interview
vice president pence said vote in the
interests of the country I think it's
time to wrap it up and end quote and the
vice president well that was pretty
emphatic for the vice president we're
now finding out that people close to a
DOJ and FBI might have war or people
within not just close to when I said
close to I mean John Brennan but people
in DOJ and FBI might have have placed
spies in the Trump campaign improperly
surveilled now on Friday Donald Trump
tweeted reports are quote reports are
that there was indeed at least one FBI
representative implanted for political
purposes into my campaign for president
it took place very early on and long
before the phony Russia hoax became a
hot fake news story if true all-time
biggest political scandal president
Trump is right he also
we did last Friday quote apparently the
DOJ well he was quoting David Asman from
the Lou Dobbs show on Fox but apparently
the DOJ put a spy in the Trump campaign
this has never been done before and by
any means necessary they are out to
frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn't
commit
end quote President Trump is a hundred
percent right well even Senator John
Thune is saying look he said quote
they've investigated everything and
interviewed everybody and I've had
months and months of this now to do this
and I think it's time for them to begin
to start winding this down the South
Dakota Republican said he also said
quote I hope that happens sooner rather
than later because I don't think it's in
anybody's best interest to drag these
sorts of things out forever and for them
to become in an ending sort of campaign
I think that that issue will get sorted
out meaning will President Trump speak
tomorrow will be gets sorted out by
lawyers the broader point is this needs
to be concluded in a timely way I do
think it is drug on for a long period of
time we want to make sure the Muller
investigation is thorough
this is tooms way of not offending the
establishment but also placating voters
by saying it's over Muller it's over
there's no there there wrap it up and
you're not gonna impeach the president
no one is even saying that you're not
going to impeach him you can indict them
it's over there is no reason for Trump
to sit and speak to Muller none if Trump
can not be indicted there is no reason
for him to speak to Muller none Trump
should not do it Rudy Giuliani I told
you last week was fighting with Muller
on this point Muller then narrowed his
scope which I believe was just a big
perjury trap but when the sitting
Speaker of the House the vice president
the present Senate leadership powerful
popular senators many in the Republican
Party the chairman of the House in
telling the probe down it is long past
time a robert muller to do the ethical
thing he's this man of integrity it
Mitty has nothing got the probe down and
go back into private life I want to
bring you these segments every day so
help me do that by subscribing to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org this
the great rebel app and go to fire Scott
Israel comm and sign our petition as
always thanks so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow
you
