PT Barnum was right there really is a
sucker born every minute
case in point the Reverend Jim Baker
yeah the disgraced televangelist from
the 80s is incredibly selling his shtick
yet again on the air
who can forget that 1989 iconic
photograph of Jim Baker the baby-faced
head honcho of the praise the Lord Club
bawling his eyes out as he's taken away
handcuffed by law enforcement Baker was
supposedly a man of God and thanks to
his telly evangelism he created a vast
empire that at one point even included a
theme park it was all derived from
hundreds of millions of dollars in
donations sent his way by mostly
evangelical Christians who were big fans
of Baker and his makeup obsessed
sidekick Tammy Faye but then came the
financial scandals ranging from wire
fraud to conspiracy and hot on the heels
of that was the sex scandal with former
Church Secretary Jessica Hahn who would
later use her PTL derived hush money to
go and get a boob job and posed for
Playboy
in any event much like the walls of
Jericho the PTL empire came crashing
down originally sentenced to 45 years in
the slammer Baker was actually released
in 1994 but talk about a resurrection
because Jimbo is back on the air hosting
the Jim Baker show despite such an
odious resume someone out there still
thinks Baker is a good catch and
inexplicably
he appears to have cultivated a new
flock of followers who apparently have
never discovered the research attributes
of the internet you all are gonna know
soon why God brought us here do you know
the people from the government from the
NASA the research from so many of them
they have said in their research the
safest place to live in troubled times
is right here well you look at that
Jim's dropped the three-piece suits
going for the golfing attire and he's
picked up himself a new and improved
Tammy Faye to boot
he still maintained that direct phone
line to God Almighty of course who along
with NASA has informed Baker that the
safest place on earth for the upcoming
apocalypse is Branson Missouri by the
way did you notice those big 28 ounce
bottles of water on the table beta are
selling this h2o
it's called warfare water this water is
contaminant free don't you know and get
a load of this a half dozen bottle sells
for $150 and yeah that's US dollars
folks I know that kind of sounds a bit
pricey for a commodity that comes out of
the taps for free but you really can't
put a price tag on surviving the
upcoming end of days can you indeed
while all those other schlubs are dying
of thirst and such sinful mecca's as LA
or Boston you'll have it made in the
shade and Branson which apparently will
be protected from God's wrath or nuclear
missiles or whatever by some sort of
magic forcefield but one cannot live on
water alone of course so praise God that
Jimbo is selling food buckets for your
Branson bunker I'm not making this up
folks
food buckets check it out we stick them
under coffee tables and end tables you
just stack them up and then put a clock
over it yeah or get a piece of you know
heart border or a piece of plywood
evening you make a top and then you just
stack this group you can have your whole
living room with in tables and coffee
tables made out of food bucket holy
guacamole indeed yeah this stuff
apparently has a 30 year shelf life
according to Baker what happens in year
31 you ask well nobody lives forever
right so get out your credit cards folks
and put in your order for a tasty pantry
deluxe bucket which goes for only a
hundred and seventy five dollars each
bucket is good for three hundred and
seventy four surfing's of fettuccine
alfredo and macaroni and cheese
good and hey don't forget to say grace
of course now you'll need a place to
stockpile all that food and beverage and
again pastor Baker comes to
the rescue according to an article in
Fortune magazine Baker is renting out
cabins for 85 bucks a night I'm pretty
sure there might be a discount for those
planning on extended stays fortune
indeed by the way if you doubt Baker's
claims of impending doom for the planet
Branson excluded of course then you're
obviously a non-believer
I mean Baker says he actually knew that
Islamofascists were going to conduct the
biggest act of terrorism in US history
back on September 11 2001 yeah that's
right he predicted 9/11 thanks to that
direct pipeline to God he has um say I
actually believe that well why did it
supposedly benevolent God allow this to
happen and more tangibly why the held in
June Baker informed the authorities that
almost 3,000 people we're going to lose
our lives that day wow what a
tight-lipped bastard so what's the moral
of this story well it's simply this
folks if Jim Baker can come back and
apparently make Mega Moolah selling food
buckets and cabins and bottled water
well I harken back to that famous
statement by HL Mencken who once a pint
quote no one ever went broke under
estimating the intelligence of the
American public end quote and I fear
this is not exclusively an American
thing nor is it confined to the world of
entrepreneurism
in other words folks for those still
pondering how Justin Trudeau ever got
elected you need ponder no longer for
the rebel media I'm David the menzo
advances Wow have you got your tickets
yet for Saturday June the 2nd our second
annual rebel live event we got as roll
event John Cardillo Sheila Gunn Reed
Katie Hopkins she's going to be there
please go to the rubble live.com and get
your tickets today
you
