justin trudeau we're Catherine McKenna
about the question about the carbon tax
how much is it going to cost what effect
will it have they will not answer
they'll just give you duck speak but I'm
pleased to say you've taken the stab of
the question in the Sun recently I have
in my hand your column called Canada's
climate change plans all pain no gain
can you answer some of the questions
that Catherine MacKinnon won't yeah for
sure in fact the Parliamentary Budget
Office themselves they put out a report
they said that the proposed federal
carbon tax will suck about ten billion
dollars out of Canada's economy by 2022
and those estimates are probably very
low because indeed you're gonna have to
go a lot higher than $50 you know
participer ton if you're actually gonna
actually meet the targets but the more
interesting question I think is what
impact would it have if we actually met
the kinds of targets that liberals are
talking about they're talking about 80
to 90 million metric tons reduction that
sounds like a lot on the surface until
you realize that you know China is up in
thousands of million metric tons but in
fact the EPA the Environmental
Protection Agency have a program they
use and this is not a climate skeptic
program this is accepting the UN's view
on science and they calculate how much
does the global temperature which
doesn't really exist but how much does
that reduce if you reduce so much
greenhouse gases and dr. dr. Patrick
Michaels whom what might have spoken to
before he actually gave me the numbers
if you plug in the 80 to 90 million
metric ton reduction that environment
climate change candidates say that
they're going to achieve by 2022
Patrick Michaels points out that the net
reduction in overall temperature of the
earth is between one and two 1000 of a
degree by 2100 so if you're looking for
a cost-benefit analysis no matter what
it costs and of course it's probably
much more than that 10 billion dollars
by 2022 the benefit is just not there
it's just ridiculous and that's of
course where Andrew Shearer and the
Conservatives should really take from
the task because you know
interesting and Russia in talking about
pipelines when he was debating kevin
o'leary during the leadership campaign
he said they wanted a science-based
approach well this is a perfect
opportunity for the Conservatives to say
your own science miss McKenna what does
it say like the global temperature will
do if you reduce eighty to ninety
megatons and it's virtually nothing
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on youtube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
