they just can't bring themselves to say
a Middle Eastern accent or an Arabic
accent or a Muslim accent can they
things that would actually identify them
and be useful because that rate this
could be this could be any an accent an
accent why won't you say what the accent
it well cuz they're racist it says I'm a
phobic in fact that's an explicit policy
now Lewis Halifax police are
perpetuating and damaging stereotypes by
using middle-eastern to describe three
unknown cab drivers suspected in a
recent string of sexual assaults critics
say stereotypes know a stereotype is a
kind of prejudice where you presume
something where you extrapolate
something where you prejudge something
but when you are describing an actual
individual you are not prejudging a
group or generalizing a group you are
talking about what a particular person
looks like not other people
you are being accurate about that person
and that's what they're all trying to
avoid here aren't they political
correctness is the art of not noticing
things of not noticing patterns of lying
about the truth to cover it up of
calling facts hate facts and pretending
they won't exist you know this is this
is rape culture it's a culture of Islam
where women are subordinate to men where
an uncovered woman is called Haram
that's the Arabic word for dirty you see
in our high-trust assigning the West we
let unaccompanied uncovered women out
into the world without a male guardian
now in Saudi Arabia you cannot leave the
house as a woman without being fully
covered and without a male guardian your
father or your husband or your brother
no strangers no strange men that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
