in the great crucible of sports people
are refined and stripped bare power
talent charisma character all come
sharply into focus this process can show
us something truly inspiring or
downright ugly well nothing seems to
show this contrast more clear than the
recent accomplishments of quarterback
Drew Brees and the holdouts and
disrespect of various position players
around the NFL but what is not a shock
is how the media doesn't seem to see a
difference there are great men in the
NFL we can all look up to and others not
so much
I'm Ben Davies this is for your
Hollywood
so tell me how many times around the NFL
have you heard people the media say this
pay the man
he just wants what he deserves or people
like Michael Wilbon who compare the
owners who pay the checks and their
teams to plantation owners oh yes PN
stop it the first high-profile example
we have to start with running bag lady
on bail the Pittsburgh Steelers who
demands more money in a longer contract
well if you listen to lay V on in most
analysts you would think that he's
really being shortchanged right I mean
he knows what he's worth right well so
does the organization who would have
made him the highest-paid running back
in the league this year making almost 14
and a half million dollars giving up
almost a million dollars per game
holding out which by the way means this
year he paid more than Jared Goff or
Carson Wentz another example is the ever
vocal safety from the Seahawks Earl
Thomas you may remember him as the guy
who was holding out all offseason and
has been refusing to practice before
games because he's not appreciated or
being paid enough by the team and wants
a new bigger longer term contract
unfortunately Earl Thomas suffered an
injury against the Cardinals and was
carted off the field did he take time to
wave to the team and fans that supported
him no he did it he flicked off the
entire sideline in the fans and here's
why Earl Thomas is wrong and showed his
true colors
he wasn't flicking off the organization
or fans who appreciated him enough to
make him the highest-paid safety in the
entire NFL when he signed his contract
four years ago oh and by the way his
team is still going to pay him ten
million dollars so he can sit on the
sidelines go to rehab and then sign with
another team next year you know the same
amount of money would take the average
American working 180 years in a row to
make in just one season sitting on the
sidelines
now obviously you hope no one gets
injured but your team and the fans are
taking care you Earl and here's why this
also destroys your team it's not just
about you teams have salary caps they
can't just pay everyone what they think
they deserve they had to cut people
adjust contracts and do whatever they
had to do to sign you those years ago so
instead of waiting till your contract is
up while your organization is trying to
take care of players who have earned
their salary and their new contracts
you're stepping in there and saying no
no you know what I know I agreed to this
but I think I deserve more now tell me
what that does to a team Earl now
contrast that with quarterback Drew
Brees who is currently the seventh
highest paid quarterback in the NFL you
know a guy who had real
trials and tribulation the kind of guy
who gets drafted gets injured and cut by
his team because he only has a 25%
chance of ever throwing again they
didn't take care of him did they and
goes on to be not the highest-paid
quarterback in the NFL but arguably the
most admired and respected after
becoming the most prolific passer ever
in the history of the NFL throwing four
more yards than any quarterback who has
ever stepped on to a field not just
being a good running back this year or a
fun safety a few years ago most yards
ever you know the guy who came to a
dying franchise and led them to a Super
Bowl victory my goodness through the
trials of sports say a lot about you and
your character now drew Brees gave a
great interview after this
accomplishment I just want you to think
of a few things tell me who is more
valuable to the team who would you
rather play alongside and who would you
rather reward to be on your team you'll
notice a few things you don't hear about
much like gratitude appreciation self
accountability and nothing about what he
thinks he deserves check it out
I know they're watching down on me at
all times and my kids
just I'm just so grateful just so
grateful for the opportunity to play
this game and so played it for so long
and to have the teammates that I have
and the Saints organization in this
great city in this great fan base it's
just it's really been a dream come true
did you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
