what I'm about to tell you is gonna make
you sleep much better tonight you're
gonna feel a little bit safer
you might even if you live in California
especially down around San Diego you
might even crack the window in your kids
bedroom if there's a nice breeze coming
off the ocean cuz you're gonna feel a
lot safer you're gonna feel a lot safer
because of authorities in San Diego
County they really have stepped up for
you in terms of public safety on this
one and they they're really looking out
for you and your family it really are
from the San Diego Tribune pop goes a
tradition the County cracks down on free
popcorn and hardware store
they're letting those illegals come over
the fence they're letting El Chapo's
people still dig tunnels from Tijuana
into San Diego but man you don't have
anything to worry about you are
protected
then diego-ins from the scourge of free
popcorn and hardware store
what may look like a warm welcoming
treat free popcorn is a threat to public
health they San Diego County officials
last month health inspectors raided La
Hoya's meanly and Sun hardware warning
that it's old-fashioned red popcorn porn
machine is a journey outlaw
explain we didn't have the proper permit
said Bob meanly whose shop had handed
out 30 to 40 bags of popcorn every day
for 25 years I say lock Bob meanwhiie up
and throw away the key put this guy in
Supermax federally charged him with
something let's treat him like Al Queda
why don't we just send this guy dad to
Guantanamo I mean I'm all for sending
Bob meanly to a black site for enhanced
interrogation for extreme rendition and
how dare he give out free popcorn the
kids and families in his business of 25
years without getting permission from
government how dare he do that
to comply with the 1984 a California
Utes uniform retail food facility law
meanly and son would need to install a
three basin sink to clean and sterilize
the popcorn also required regular
inspections just like a restaurant he
declined and instead rolled out the
offending machine into storage thus
ending a 25 year old tradition he said
quote hates take away something that our
customers really like
Neal's also said on the other hand this
whole thing is maybe more aware of our
ability
this is so ridiculous
while closely associated from San Diego
Tribune with movie theaters popcorn is
also tightly linked to neighborhood
purveyors of hammers and screwdrivers
the connection is seen in shops from
Cambridge Massachusetts tags Ace
Hardware the lakeside Peyton's True
Value Hardware well the little kids get
a kick out of it led by an el Hadj
co-owner of Peyton's hardware where the
free treat has been a staple since 1997
this woman has been a hardcore criminal
for 21 years they should lock her up and
throw away the key well they come in for
popcorn and dad comes into the tools end
quote how dare they how dare these
families do this and how dare these
business owners how dare they conspire
now in California if this did this
hardware store wanted to hire 15 illegal
aliens ms-13 gang members then the state
of California would be celebrating them
and giving them a grant but how dare
they give little kids free popcorn while
daddy's buying some tools on the weekend
how dare they criminals criminals
I feel sad she said that some of the old
traditions have become so regulated he's
a criminal
throw her throw her in a Cell
interrogate her and of course the
government goes on and on and and they
talk about how they're here to save you
by taking away free pop cuz there might
be a germ on it
one guy complained one person complained
that somebody scooped a popcorn without
gloves
one person one moron complained and
status and California moved in like a
SWAT team took away a tradition it's
ridiculous this is really important
content I want to bring it to you every
day so please help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
WWWE afford / shows what did we go to
your app store rather download the rebel
app great way to get our content and go
to fire Scott Israel dot-com find our
petition help us have corrupt
incompetent Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel removed from office as always
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
