Theresa May would have you think that
because unemployment is so low right now
everybody's doing great but that's not
the full story a new study published by
migration watch has found that four
million Brits are competing against a
quote virtually unlimited pull of
migrant workers for jobs across the
country what this means is people aren't
just unemployed I mean many people still
are unemployed but the figures show that
most people now are actually in some
kind of employment and this is where the
debate about zero-hour contracts comes
in now many people are against zero-hour
contracts because it means that an
employer isn't required to give a person
a certain amount of hours now I've never
actually agreed with the argument that
we should get rid of zero hour contracts
it's a it's a great contract for
students it's great for older people
it's great for people who don't need a
full-time job it's better like what who
are we to tell the economy while it
doesn't doesn't need zero hour contracts
are required however what we are seeing
is that zero hour contracts or lo our
contracts are becoming the only option
for many Brits because they're competing
against a pool of virtually unlimited
migrant workers they're competing
against people who are willing to take
lower wages or not even just willing by
the way who can take lower wages because
they can live in a house with ten people
and they haven't got a family to bring
up for instance so this is causing
absolute chaos and it really do have
sympathy with people on zeror a contract
but I thought it'd be interesting to go
through what this study has found now
I'm not going to go through the whole
study it's huge but you can go through
it yourself but let's take a look at the
summary here it says the present record
rates of employment are misleading
because they take no account of the
underemployed those who wish to work
more hours but cannot find suitable work
this paper points to evidence that the
large inflow of migrant labour which has
increased the number of foreign-born
workers in the UK by two million since
2008 two million have contributed to
continuing high levels of
underemployment which could be around
four million people so it talks about
unemployment specifically here it says
the headline
rate for the UK is based on their labor
force survey conducted by the office for
national statistics and measures the
proportion of all individuals between
the ages of 16 and 64 who have done some
paid work during the week in which they
were surveyed so this isn't people who
are working 9:00 to 5:00
it isn't people who have a solid career
it isn't people who have long term
contracts this could be somebody who
worked for two hours in Poundland during
that week considered employed maybe
they've done an hour on a building site
as you know I on a zero hour contract
they're considered employed
that's not employment and people across
this country of really struggling so
when it talks about underemployment
that's a really good way to phrase this
debate and is something I'm gonna
remember it talks about the unemployed
underemployed here and how many exactly
are underemployed and it says in terms
of numbers rather than percentages these
three further categories increase the
number of those in work but
underemployed to three million when
added to the number of those who are out
of work and looking for work the
traditional unemployed this results in
over four million people in the UK
looking for work or four more work so
the four million figure comes from the
people who have no work and the people
who are very little work and are looking
to take on more you know in the left
will often tell you how many times have
you heard migrants do the jobs that the
British people will never do it's a lie
British people are always looking for
work not many people though there are
some real scumbags who are happy to sit
on their ass and take benefits and
that's another discussion frankly we
should just strip the benefits away from
those and force them into work if you
ask me but most people don't want to do
that most people want to work most
people want to have the pride of being
able to run a family run a household go
to work in the morning
be a functioning member of society be
able to for to afford a holiday in the
summer and afford nice clothes that's
what people want but when you bring in
an unlimited work force an unlimited
supply of people who are willing and
able to do it for for less money or even
work more hours than they're legally
allowed how on earth the British people
meant to compete so who is it that needs
work the stuff this is the last bit of
the study I'm going to introduce you to
in
to say you can read the whole thing
yourself it's it's really fascinating
who needs work figure 9 shows below
these figures as a percentage of those
within each group approximately 5
percent of full-time workers would like
more work with relatively small
percentage point differences between
gender and age gap so it's roughly the
same between men and women roughly
approximately 20% of male part-time
workers and 25 percent of female part
time workers seek more hours with the
highest percentages in the latter group
being among younger females in the 25 to
39 year age bands funny that so women
between the ages of 25 and 39 are
struggling and want more work and this
government and the big parties who claim
to be friends of feminism right they're
hurting women policies of successive big
party governments and the policies
pushed by other big parties that aren't
even in government are hurting women
migrant workers being brought into this
country hurt women they hurts men but it
hurts women as well and there's another
story as well when you talk about
specific types of migrant workers
workers who come into the country and
who also hurt women in different ways
now as I say you can read this yourself
but what this shows us is that we
desperately need breaks it now when we
talk about breaks it we often talk in
terms of democracy we talk in terms of
trade deals and things like this
one obvious point here is we need brexit
to stop that open border policy with the
rest of Europe and the other day when
David Miliband and Nicky Morgan and not
nob Nick Clegg were up on stage saying
we need to stay in the European Economic
Area that would keep us within free
movement that would keep free movement
which which is as we know is not breaks
it but it means that people are still
going to struggle for work this is what
the big pot of the big parties want is
it not obvious by now that brexit is not
just about then keeping their pensions
and keeping this world government and
this new dystopian idea of what Europe
should be it's about hurting the little
man they don't give a crap about the
white working-class they obviously want
them to struggle I mean just look at the
news of the SNP and
Lib Dems and labor who were conspiring
now against the brexit deal and though
refusing to agree to the with EU
withdrawal bill look at this article
from the Express labor and the Liberal
Democrats will today ignore please -
stop siding with Nicola Sturgeon in
irrelevant brexit powers both parties
are expected to vote alongside
nationalist and green MSBs informally
refusing to give consented - resumes EU
withdraw a bill the First Minister's
administration has refused to sign up to
a compromise agreed with the Welsh
government maintaining it represents a
power grab Scottish Ministers argue it
still gives Westminster the final say
over a series of framework to prevent
the UK's internal market being fractured
what other proof do you need the big
parties hate you unemployment might
technically be low but poverty is high
in some parts of London according to end
child poverty more than half of children
are living in poverty in 21st century
London more than half of the children in
some areas of London are living in
poverty in Lewisham
East where there's a by-election over 30
percent I think it's about 34 percent of
kids are living in poverty how can we
tolerate this how can we tolerate this
and we know that people living in
poverty aren't living on the street no
no no in London people living in poverty
are working families people in poverty
get up out of bed in the morning get on
the bus go to work come home and they
can't even afford to look after their
kids and why is that it's because
they're struggling for work they can't
compete against low-wage workers and the
cost of housing in the in London is
sky-high why maybe because there's 9
million people living in the city
we told the government we told the
politicians we won't greg's it one of
the reasons why we told them we want
Briggs it is because of this we want our
jobs back we want the job market stable
and we want British people to be able to
look after their kids make a decent
living and not live in poverty is that
too much to ask
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
