no property you want right yo yo yo man
is bleeding heart
remember former Diablo Valley College
professor Eric Clanton the guy who
taught ethics and critical thinking but
apparently proceeded to bust the Trump
supporters head open with a bike lock
well thanks to the top-notch citizen
journalism of 4chan he heads to court
next month and may face 11 years in
prison according to an interview he did
with Rolling Stone entitled an Tifa on
trial how a college professor joined the
left's radical ranks I love how this
headline suggests that it's unusual for
professors to be part of the radical
left
perhaps this author needs to tune into
campus unmasked but I guess if you
define radical to include only outright
violence and not anti white and
anti-israel curriculum readings from the
Marxist Frankfurt School etc you can
maybe get away with it anyways Rolling
Stone writes though Clanton had been
charged with felony assault
there was no outward sign of the
violence that the bike lock attacker had
evinced on video a slim young man with
watchful eyes and wavy blond surfer's
hair Clanton seemed instead like a
distracted academic in his blue jeans
and preppy sweater
he was pensive full of halting pauses
and obviously frightened by the possible
11-year sentence he was facing good he
should be frightened political violence
must be cut off at the root
don't forget Clanton isn't the only
antiva sympathizing academic Rolling
Stone quotes New York University scholar
George secure elomar saying you can't
reason with fascism it's irrational you
can't argue your way around it you just
have to stop it
oh well how very convenient so if I just
define something I don't like us fascism
I don't have to waste brainpower that I
may or may not have to refute it I can
just punch pepper spray and bike lock it
out of the way
Clanton apparently started off as an
activist in the Bay Area where he says
he watched the riots where people
blocked roads smashed windows and fought
police after former police officer
George Zimmerman was acquitted he took
part in the protests or riots that took
place after the Michael Brown and Eric
garner cases and got arrested during the
garner one you know I don't know if I
actually want Clanton in prison
because at that time he taught inmates
the work of anarchist Emma Goldman and
communist Angela Davis but listen to
some of the lingo the bike lock
professor uses he refers to the
structural violence of the state and I
don't think he's talking about specific
states like totalitarian dictatorships
there but instead violence inherent when
you have any sort of government even
more curious is when he dismisses the
concept of moral high-ground as
something created by the narrative class
are these the sort of people you want
teaching in universities people who
think morality is just another narrative
who think respect indecency are just
weapons used to oppress them at the end
of the day Eric Clanton's case is a huge
win for 4chan and citizen journalism in
general if the mainstream media won't
hold these domestic terrorists to
account there at least seems to be a
whole generation of slew these sentinels
out there whose investigative skills are
matched only by their razor-sharp wits
and devotion to Western values for
campus unmasked I'm Robin shocked if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
