the me2 movement was born circa October
2017 me things had unofficially passed
away last week stay tuned for one ugly
eulogy
well me too the global movement against
sexual harassment and sexual assault
might have started with noble intentions
but it soon morphed into a double edged
sword look make no mistake people
especially people in positions of power
shouldn't be allowed to get away with
unwanted advances and sexual assault of
course is against the law so it was
quite jolly to see the likes of Harvey
Weinstein finally face the music but
there was a dark side to me too as well
based on mere unproven accusations
careers were ruined thrown to the
curbside was the very foundation of our
justice system one that's based on the
presumption of innocence until proven
guilty people always game a system and
it was no different with me to those
with an axe to grind falsified
accusations to kneecap innocent people
still if me to hit its zenith in
December when Time magazine actually
proclaimed this movement as its Person
of the Year for 2017 surely me two's
death knell came last week when the
progressively cited with a powerful man
who once sexually took advantage of a
young woman under his command of course
I speak of Bill Clinton former US
president and Monica Lewinsky ex White
House intern and the owner of perhaps
the most infamous blue dress on the
planet you see recently Lewinsky had
accepted an invitation to town and
country's annual philanthropic event
just one hitch turns out someone else
later accepted an invitation to speak at
this event - and that someone was Bill
Clinton Oh awkward well just like that
Monica Lewinsky was disinvited which is
astonishing because of anything Lewinsky
could
being the me to poster girl for 1998 if
me too had existed some twenty years ago
that is now to be fair the town and
country matron said Lewinsky wasn't
totally disinvited if she could you know
discreetly linger out of sight perhaps
in a broom closet say then she could
join the party after Clinton's 30-minute
speech was over oh you thought bill was
gonna hang around with all the regular
schlubs for the whole night surely you
jest but Lewinsky was having none of
that nonsense and she did not go quietly
into the night either later tweeting
dear world
please don't invite me to an event
especially one about social change and
then after I've accepted uninvite me
because Bill Clinton then decided to
attend was invited its 2018 Emily Post
would definitely not approve moral of
the story the Clintons prove yet again
that they are progressive royalty even
when they are way way past their best
before date after all if anyone had to
have been disinvited at this function
female victim or male serial adulterer
yet think that would be a no-brainer
today right but not if that male serial
adulterer happens to have the initials
BC on his cufflinks because the Clintons
well the Clintons they're special and
Monica she was just an intern to be
taking advantage of after all so bottom
line it was nice knowing you me too a
feel-good feminist movement that was
assassinated by the very forces that
gave birth to it wow talk about Karma
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks I can't wait
to see you at the rebel live event
that's coming up on Saturday June the
2nd oh wow what a jam-packed slate of
guests we have as well event of course
Sheila Gunn read John Cardillo Katie
Hopkins wow you're going to miss this so
please go to the rebel live.com and get
your tickets today
you
