I want to come back to your news about
Facebook admitting it's deleted 2.5
million pieces of content I recall after
brexit in the UK and after Donald Trump
won the 2016 presidential election
Facebook didn't want a three-peat and so
in the French elections Zuckerberg
preemptively shut down 30 thousand
Facebook pages that were supportive of
marine lepen claiming they were fake or
I don't know he just did it and we have
no idea who the 30000 were what they
said we just have to take his word for
it I thought that was a staggering
number and now we'll tack on a few more
zeros to that the 2.5 million is there
any trace of this I mean Ted Cruz was
making the right sounds but is there any
way that that Facebook would ever
disclose or could be asked to disclose
what its sensory I don't want the
government to take over Facebook but
Facebook is acting like a bullying
censoring government and they're bigger
than any government I know yeah that
that frankly more powerful oh the other
one time I mean I think of totalitarian
governments in the 20th century they
didn't have this kind of power they
didn't have the technology to a
manipulate information or control
information on the scale of Facebook or
Google so I'd say it it it has these
these companies have more power than
almost any entity we've seen in history
I think they definitely do push to be
more transparent I think if they did it
voluntarily if not some sort of
government agency forced them to do so
that's great but I think the power they
have is has grown to such a point that
no matter how we get it we need to have
that transparency so just to use this
example they released this 2.5 million
figure as part of its new report which
they say is part of their push to be a
transparent but they don't give a they
don't give a number of how many accounts
and pages have been banned or suspended
over hate speech or how many have been
mistakenly suspended this happens a lot
on Facebook where conservatives always
agree the victims of you know
enforcement errors that later connect
corrected they won't miss the number of
mistakes and they won't list the ad the
posting question they weren't subjected
to a third party
the site yeah so they just keep this
this figure 2.5 million and leave us to
wonder about how you know whether
whether all these were you know
legitimate or mistakes or the result of
some algorithm we don't know about we're
still know barely anything about how
Facebook is making these decisions
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
