here's a story out of Fredericton New
Brunswick this report is from a
newspaper there called the Daily Gleaner
I'm gonna take you through it because
it's fascinating and bizarre
it's about two obtrude I was Syrian
refugees and I say those words with air
quotes Syrian refugees because almost
none of true those Syrian refugees
actually came from Syria they had
already left Syria in some cases many
years earlier and had already found
refuge in Jordan Turkey or Lebanon so
they were not actually from Syria
anymore and they were not actually
refugees anymore but that's fine Justin
Trudeau is for open borders and mass
unvetted Muslim migration unvetted
in any meaningful way not even for basic
skills like speaking English or French
or having any useful job skills or
education or of course cultural skills
by which I mean understanding that in
Canada we don't beat our wives here's
the CBSA program branch vice-president
martin bull duke basically the senior
officer in charge of these refugees
testifying to parliament a couple years
back about the source of these Syrian
migrants just in case you doubt me most
of the 21,000 refugees that made it to
our borders we're now I was in camps
they were they have been living in
theater for a number of years renting
apartments so I just wanted that for the
precision they're not I was thinking
camps administered by UNHCR yeah can you
give me a break down how many from camps
and I wouldn't be able to tell you the
21,000 how many but very very few came
out of camps most of the people were
already living in in the countries where
we are operating here so they're not
really refugees anyways the mainstream
media just loves love's loves doing
stories on Trudeau Syrian refugees to
cheerlead them he was a beautifully
produced video about the raffia family
who were just dumped in a small town in
Atlantic Canada lazy husband that's him
there mohammad raffia who just sat on
the porch all day just smoking and
drinking coffee i mean he looked lazy to
me
but then again he didn't speak English
and he had no marketable skills he knew
no one he was clearly miserable he had
no friends so his wife was miserable -
of course she tried to make some friends
anyways it was a beautiful documentary
on the family just gorgeously shot and
that was published on Zillow one day
look at this well Hamid rafita there he
is was charged and convicted with
beating his wife with a hockey stick for
half an hour and he said at court and
I'm not making this up you can even see
this in the headline there he said that
no one had told him you can't beat your
wife in Canada you just no one no one
told him you know what I believed him
because it would be Islamophobic to tell
someone that you know he's huge news
about mohammed rafi ax when he was a
soft-focus sob story about a syrian
refugee in a small town in Atlantic
Canada not a lot of coverage when it was
revealed that he beat his wife with a
hockey stick for half an hour and it was
covered in blood yeah that that's not
what hockey sticks are for they're there
for hockey I don't know if anyone told
you that when he came to Canada anyways
well today's news out of New Brunswick
is worse it's a mother and a father
Syrian migrants who repeatedly
threatened to murder their own daughter
for various honor crimes now let me
quote a bit from the story a Syrian
refugee couple upon learning their adult
daughter was dating a non-muslim man in
Fredericton threatened her with an honor
killing court heard Tuesday oh just that
so they'll come to Canada to take our
free stuff our free health care our free
welfare subsidized housing halal food
banks plain old cash but their daughter
socializing with a Canadian that's Haram
that's for burden it's dirty it's
dishonorable they would murder their own
daughter for disgracing them for
fraternizing with Canadians yeah
Canadians sorry why didn't you come to
Canada if you hate Canadian people so
much I'll read some more from the story
crown prosecutor prosecutor Claude hashe
said by n Ayub reported to Fredericton
police force in mid-february that her
father Ahmad
you threatened to kill her on three
occasions so buying is the daughter you
see there both mom and dad threatened to
murder her again and again the first
time was in April 2016 just two months
after the family arrived in Canada court
heard when the father became irate when
he discovered by and had an iPad she'd
won in the contest
he threatened to poison her food at that
time as shea said poison
hey that's dad of the year material
right there that's that's a Trudeau
refugee that's unvetted mass migration
from a rape culture that treats women is
chattel that's violence that's anti
infidel bigotry we hear the word
Islamophobia a lot but what do you call
it when a Syrian migrant hates Canadian
so much that he tells his own daughter
he'll poison her if she hangs out with
Canadians even chats with him on an iPad
no what's that Canada phobia or
something how about just someone who
doesn't belong here and doesn't deserve
our charity maybe he's better fit for
Syria after all they do a lot of that
over there but but it wasn't just a
heated comment in the moment it's
something he said again and again let me
quote some more the next threat came in
June and July 2017 he said when the
family learned by and had been a non
Muslim men and was communicating with
her through social media
Ahmad Ayub told his daughter for his own
dignity it would be better to slaughter
her than to let her be in such a
relationship the prosecutor said yeah
sweet daughter I'm doing this for you
I'm doing this for me I'm doing this for
a family I'm gonna murder you because
it's better to quote slaughter you than
to have you be seen with a Canadian man
that's how Isis does it by the way they
slaughter their victims a knife to the
throat sorry is this thug a refugee from
Isis or is he a perpetrator does Justin
true don't even know or care so it
started back in 2016 as soon as they
came here and he kept going with the
murder threats here's an incident from
this year 2018 just a few months ago let
me quote victim also told police her
father threatened her On February 13
what he saw she was receiving messages
on her smartphone court heard telling
her he'd kill her if the messages were
from people she'd worked with during a
placement at the local food bank so this
girl I mean she's an adobo call her a
girl she's the daughter so this young
woman is actually doing something
positive getting out of the house
helping others to the food bank
seems nice enough and her putrid father
threatens to murder her okay last quote
from the story this is about the mother
who was helping the father what kind of
mother would collude in the murder or
the threatened murder of her own
daughter how how does that murderous
instinct trump the maternal instincts
that's honor of violence in a rape
culture which is where this thuggish
family was imported from they would kill
their own daughter and the mother would
help let me quote prosecutor has che
said by an IU subsequently told police
her father Patton hi you've called her
February 27th to tell her to tell police
she'd lied about the allegations she'd
made about her father that she was crazy
and to admit herself to hospital her
mother said if she didn't do it she
would be killed
the prosecutor said phat NIU but made
the threat in two calls court heard the
second of which was recorded so it
sounds like there was a more than three
threats after all sounds like at least
four maybe more how many other young
Muslim women are threatened by their own
parents to recant complaints about abuse
to police whose own parents whose own
mother's call they're victimized
daughters liars when they reach for help
well we know that's exactly what
happened in the case of the Shaffir
family a quadruple homicide of three
girls and one of the two polygamous
wives by these murderers here so what's
the sentence what's the sentence for
this wonderful family in Fredericton
well nothing then they walked out of
court that day that minute they walked
out of court free they were in pre-trial
custody for 71 days I acknowledge that
so that's enough said
judge I mean it's all a big
misunderstanding
they literally walked out of court that
day as she said the court he asked me
quote she asked the court to impose
100-day jail terms for both offenders
but since had already searched every one
days in custody that means they'd
already served their time once the
customary remand credit is factored in
so the prosecutor himself only asked for
a hundred days which of course would
have meant much less after statutory
release and parole and all that a
hundred days for repeatedly threatening
to murder your own daughter and
threatening her not to talk police -
police well of course because they're
Syrian migrants and that's how they roll
in a rape culture and you squaresville
Canadians have to get with it here's one
of the defense lawyers telling New
Brunswickers that it's all just a little
misunderstanding like beating your wife
with a hockey stick I mean they just
didn't know let me quote this Lutz
character he's one of the defense
lawyers Lutz noted the charges were the
result of cultural differences and the
ongoing effort to adjust to life in
Canada let me read some more in the
language he was careless
hey guys you know you gotta be careful
you don't accidentally threaten to
murder your daughter four times the
language used was careless in the
extreme and bordered on reckless it
wasn't quite reckless apparently he told
the court noting Syrians have a
different way of speaking with one
another than the customs in Canada a
Syrian could tell someone I'll stab you
lot said but they don't mean it come on
guys they don't mean it don't be so
negative you know rain on the parade
there's such a vibrant diverse culture
they forced their women to cover up or
else they condemned them as whores they
condemn local Canadians as dirty don't
date them but guy it's just a slip of
the tongue they don't mean it
here's my favorite line from the story
the atmosphere outside the courtroom
following the sentencing was celebratory
as family members and
embraced the couple you guys are the
best
you're the best celebratory they're
thrilled and they're laughing at our non
justice system this is the grossest
story I've seen all year but other than
the New Brunswick Daily Gleaner from
which this story comes and its sister
newspaper in Moncton I have not seen
this story anywhere in Canada have you
and by the way you can't even find this
story online
I had to subscribe to the paywall of The
Daily Gleaner because it was behind I
pay while you can't get this on the
Internet try googling it you won't find
it I wonder if that's on purpose because
there's a lot of other stuff that's on
the internet for free by the same
company but the court hearing was public
the verdict was public which was
obviously an important and newsworthy
case but not a peep about it anywhere
else that I found I looked exhaustively
it's not on the CBC's New Brunswick
homepage I searched the entire CBC
website you can see the result here if
you type in the words it's not there at
least when I searched it which was a day
after the ruling Canada state
broadcaster is choosing not to report
the story all the other media are
choosing not to report the story they're
choosing to unreported to dis report it
to auntie report it just like they did
when we published a story in 2016 I
don't know if you remember about how
Frederick King's schools are overrun by
violent Syrian migrant kids and my kids
I mean young man as old as 21 being
jammed into high schools with young
Canadian girls the violence the threats
the Islamic extremism right there in the
schools thousands of pages of documents
from the schools about the problems
that's causing but the mainstream media
refused to cover it because it's against
the narrative Syrian refugees are poor
souls who need our help
the only bad things about Syrian
refugees are the Islamophobic racists
and you don't want to be in Islamophobic
racist to you so shut up honor violence
wife-beating threatening daughter's
calling Canadians dirty and unclean
ninety percent unemployment rate two
years later no English for French skills
beating a woman for half an hour with a
hockey stick bloody that's all off the
media agenda it's a miracle that the
Daily Gleaner even car
at all I'm surprised really but like I
say they hid it behind the paywall say
if this is what they grudgingly cover
how many stories how many bad awful
stories are there that aren't covered at
all that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on youtube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
