my son one morning I've ever had any way
make so worth it
so no big deal friendly selfies no
politics were discussed really this is
just young lads junior soldiers I don't
know if that's afraid and I don't I
think they're more than cadet such as
young soldiers probably probably most of
them in their late teens so they
wouldn't even probably even have a deep
knowledge of Tommy's whole political
career dating back a decade I bet they
know him more from our YouTube videos
and from his Facebook page something
he's only really been doing in earnest
for a couple years so Tommy's a citizen
journalist who loves soldiers and stands
for British values as opposed to Sharia
values it sounds good to me it sounds
good to those soldiers of course they
wanted something with them because
Tommy's liked them he comes from a
patriotic British working-class
background tommy stands up for the
Forgotten Britain what in America would
be called flyover country or the Rust
Belt you know people who the British
singer Morrissey would sadly call
nobodies nothing's in the eyes of the
fancy people so yeah these working-class
Brits love the lasts vocal Patriots in
the British public square and so as
surely as day follows night people who
don't like Tommy Robinson and don't like
the military and don't like
working-class Brits well they freaked
them but but about what did they freak
out
did these troops say something political
did they do something political did they
endorse a candidate in an election I
mean just brainstorming here did they oh
I don't know stand next to the flag of a
banned terrorist group called Hezbollah
and give an approving speech no now that
would be Jeremy Corbyn the head of the
Labour Party and possibly the next Prime
Minister over there did these lads do
that to these young soldiers do that no
they did not
did they themselves say anything in fact
other than a few complimentary greetings
and chanting his name briefly they
posted some of these photos to their own
private Facebook pages I'm sure a few of
them were public Facebook pages but did
they do
anything wrong to be even say anything
wrong well you bet they did so says the
Muslim Imam for the British Armed Forces
there is such a thing I'll have you know
and in fact before any investigation
these men was even complete they had
been judged I don't know maybe that's
how it works in Sharia law because it
was a Muslim Imam issuing this edict not
some military panel or some court of law
here's the guardian newspaper Imam a
seen Hafiz an Islamic religious advisor
to the Armed Forces said any form of
racism discrimination or extremism is
taken extremely seriously and will be
dealt with accordingly the Armed Forces
remain absolutely committed to it
welcoming individuals from across all
faiths and cultures to its ranks did you
know that the British Army had a Muslim
religious advisor now you know and
apparently he has the power I don't know
did he was he the one who kicked out
recruits for standing next to someone at
a truck stop oh and for the racism
discrimination and extremism can you
please tell me or could the Guardian or
could Imam Hafiz what discrimination did
those soldiers do there what extremism
did they do there what racism did they
do them by the way as I think I've told
you when I first met Tommy in person a
couple years ago he was accompanied by
his best friend since childhood who just
happens to be a black man Tommy is
constantly working with Sikhs in Britain
who are also concerned about similar
issues so not sure where their racism is
I think Tommy has more visible minority
friends than any white liberal The
Guardian but I never stopped the
Guardians insults before look this
wasn't the rule of law this wasn't the
rule of court even a military court this
wasn't an actual offense or an actual
problem this was a political complaint a
deep platforming that's an excerpt from
my daily show the Ezreal Levant show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my
now to subscribe go to the rebel da
media / shows
you
