in an interesting turn of events
president Donald Trump's opening of the
US Embassy in Israel has pitted
left-wing activists against politicians
and other public figures from their own
side and as always the professors have
very interesting and insightful things
to say
let's take a look remember former Drexel
University professor George Sakura
Lamarr who tweeted all I want for
Christmas is white genocide and blame
the Las Vegas Massacre on the white
supremacist patriarchy he's a
self-professed communist who's now the
New York University and get this the
opening of the US Embassy in Jerusalem
had him fighting against Bernie Sanders
the senator said over 50 killed in Gaza
today and 2,000 wounded on top of the 41
killed and more than nine thousand
wounded over the past weeks this is a
staggering toll Hamas violence does not
justify Israel firing on unarmed
protesters well that little
misrepresentation wasn't good enough for
the professor who responded what Hamas
violence you fucking coward
well I'll tell you what Hamas violence
Georgie the terrorist group mobilized
Palestinians by the tens of thousands to
attack Israel with everything from kite
bombs and Molotov cocktails to rocks and
meat cleavers Hamas purposely inserts
its members and weapons alongside even
peaceful protesters so when Israel
attempts to neutralize those threats
civilian casualties are sometimes
inevitable Hamas is encouraged to cause
the death of Palestinians that are
attacking Israel's border and even those
who aren't because the media will spin
it as Israel killing civilians but
sicker al-ahmar versus Sanders wasn't
the only progressive in fighting over
Israel remember the scholar Steven
salaita the University of Illinois
withdrew its employment offer to salaita
after tweets in which the academic said
you may be too refined to say it but I'm
not I wish all the fucking West Bank
settlers will go missing and at this
point if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a
necklace made from the teeth of
Palestinian children would anybody be
surprised
hashtag Gaza he sued the school
after it turned him away and eventually
settled for over half a million dollars
but Salado is out in full force Monday
with a new slogan mealy-mouthed bullshit
which he applied to someone defending
Israel
Rabia Chaudhary has nothing but
mealy-mouthed bullshit to say about
Israel's latest massacre in Gaza with
which she is complicit she saves her
tough talk for Palestinians who dare to
criticize her violent career ism but
what's funny as Chowdhury isn't even the
biggest fan of Israel she previously
said the country doesn't respect
minorities doesn't seem to be on board
with the capital in Jerusalem and thinks
that the death of Palestinian protesters
constituted slaughter stray even one
step from the hardline progressive
narrative and get ready to be attacked
by these rapidly anti-israel professors
who will misrepresent and lie to
undermine Israel a hatred for Trump used
to unite the left will the
israeli-palestinian conflict be its
undoing for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
