I'm not exactly sure what's more
eyebrow-raising the fact that there was
such a thing as a white privilege
conference taking place in the ever so
diverse
Toronto Canada or that such a wine fest
featuring the usual suspects you know
left-wing loonies social justice
warriors race hustlers and other
on-campus coops could actually go on for
4 entire days
so what is white privilege to begin with
great question folks you see this honky
decided to go down to my old alma mater
Ryerson University to get educated about
these supposed special advantages that
are inherent to white people I wanted to
report firsthand on the propaganda or I
mean the enlightenment that was being
spewed by the progressives but a funny
thing happened on the way to the forum
we were deemed persona non grata and
booted out from the forum hey how are ya
oh okay thanks but I thought is the
white privilege conference if I have
white privileged aren't Lu allowed to
come in here not interested in having
any more conversation with you have a
good day thank you oh the lady ma'am
excuse me if if this is a white
privilege thing why can't I exercise
that white privilege that come in you to
leave and now you're not leaving how
come you're here because I work here but
you're white okay thank you shouldn't
you be a black security guard or well so
much for white privilege indeed I mean
if my skin tone grants me automatic
special privilege why was I given the
bum's rush and in the event they
actually did us a favor by kicking us
out for starters just looking at the
speakers on the agenda that day I came
to the realization that if the white
privilege conference was going to excel
at anything it would surely be lulling
attendees into a comatose state secondly
outside the venue we found numerous
protesters demonstrating against the
conference and they had plenty to say
however we as well hate racism where are
those who everyday chant will be feel
correctness and the radical equality
what are they who everyday slander us as
white supremacy I see your sign says
racism isn't born it's taught Ryerson
what are you teaching what does this
mean exactly why were iesson graduate I
graduated from Ross and in 1982 in civil
engineering technology there was a time
when the community college system that
Ryerson was a part of was about teaching
skills so that people could go out in
society and and have some skills and
earn a living and that's what I did I
graduated civil engineering graduate but
he was fast forward now this is I think
we should rename it social justice
University it's Sue Ann levy at the Sun
came up with that slogan because what is
Ross in doing they won't have Jordan
Peterson speak but they will have an
overtly racist conference to take place
there's no way of getting around it if
you have a conference that's called the
white privilege conference in its very
title in its very name it's a racist
conference well I have kids and I'm very
concerned about their future I can't
stand the thought that white students
are being targeted racially targeted in
their own schools for the so called
white privilege conference the church in
$750 which to me smokes that's how much
it costs to get in here yeah for the
weekend what a racket yeah no kidding
yeah it's just a money-making scheme for
them do you at all buy into the premise
that white privilege indeed exists I
think it exists to a degree but I think
mostly it's hard work getting out there
and standing up for yourself if you can
stand up for yourself you can overcome
anything like white privilege or or
racism or or anything you just have to
do things properly and handle things
properly now I always strive to give
both sides of the story so we attempted
to interview
attendees who were exiting the
conference how odd that so many seemed
afflicted by cat got my tongue disease
that day say ladies how's the white
privilege conference going it's it's
actually great
is there way privileged geez I I really
don't feel privileged here everyone's in
that building is stopping me
hey ma'am how's the white privilege
conference going great thanks what have
you learned today such as are you
ashamed that you're white she's sending
out some tax must be really important
hey ma'am how you enjoying the white
privilege conference soon hey guys how
you enjoying the white privilege
conference what do we do can you tell us
anything you've learned from the white
privilege conference sir no I'm good
thank you the white privilege conference
going did you learn about white
privilege man we have a lot of work to
do in this country such as well should
we correct white privilege and how would
we do that man could it get any worse oh
yeah check this out folks in which me
the adorable one gets cussed out for
being a transphobic mother effer
oh hey ladies how you enjoying the white
privilege conference you're not a lady
what are you then I'm sorry are you a
man then I get away from speak with you
so transphobic mother
stand back would you said why would you
use such profanity because that's what
you're doing you're having no respect
someone says they don't want to speak
with you you stand back yeah a
respectful term for a woman
lady and I was corrected that she's not
a lick that's not respect what should I
call a woman you call someone a person
that person I so well how would you like
to be called a person so you're neither
male or female like is there something
on the gender spectrum I like you know I
don't know
unicorn spirits some of the matter oh
well hello dere that didn't seem to go
that well then again in fairness the
conference wrapped up on the eve before
Mother's Day maybe that's what she meant
by that mother you know what comment so
what did we learn from the white
privilege conference well not a hell of
a lot look I'm pretty much a free speech
absolutist if you want to run such an
idiotic race-baiting conference go for
it
but does the taxpayer have to be on the
hook for this racist rubbish too because
check out the sponsors folks numerous
publicly funded colleges including
Humber and Seneca oh and check this out
the interior public sector employees
Union cut a check for this event as well
yep your tax dollars hard at work yet
again folks but get this just check out
the skin tone of the head honchos at
many of these august institutions well
here's the president of Humber College
Chris Whitaker and here's the president
of Seneca College whose slogan by the
way is diversity and inclusion
it's mr. David Agnew and here's the Dean
of Ryerson's Faculty of Communication
and design another sponsor Charles
folson and looky here at who heads up
that obso Union it's smokey Thomas does
that look like a smokey complexion to
you I mean just look at all that wicked
whiteness that insidious ivory it's
hateful honkies galore so here's my
suggestion to all those whitey race
hustlers sucking on the public teat you
want to end white privilege then lead by
example guys and resign
immediately so those who are more
diverse can have your cushy jobs for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks I hope to see you on
Saturday June the 2nd our second annual
rebel live we've got as relevant Sheila
Gunn read John Cardillo so many more
including Katie Hopkins please go to the
Revel I've comm and get your tickets
today
you
