well hello everybody there you are I was
waiting for you as Levante here it's May
16th and you're watching battleground oh
hi guys don't mind me I'm a little over
clamped today we're getting things
organized here what we do every day
between 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time is we have a live at chit chat on
YouTube as you may know every day at 8
p.m. Eastern Time I have a more formal
show where I have a produced monologue
and interview two guests usually and I
read a little bit of mail but from noon
till 1:00 I have this kibbutz YouTube
hasn't called kibbutz they call it super
chat because they allow you to make
comments along the side of the page and
if you want your comment to be
highlighted you can simply chip in a
couple bucks and it's put in a bright
color and it stays up there
proportionate to how long how many bucks
you put in I'm actually having some
trouble loading in right now so I'll
look at the comments in a minute but I'm
gonna get started with some news of the
day while we wait for folks to gather
you know we talked about the Gaza
situation and the u.s. really gets
consulate its embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem he hit that pretty hard the
other day I think there is some news
that warrants us talking about it again
today and it's it's the fact that the
media counter narrative which was so
vicious it wasn't about the historic
decision to move the embassy to
Jerusalem the historic capital of
Biblical Zion the modern capital of the
State of Israel it was focused on
denigrating that I think because of the
general anti-israel antipathy in the
media but also because it was Trump who
did it
I'm going to start by showing you the
New York Times The New York Times itself
Israel Israelis kill dozens in Gaza that
is that is is that
the headline is that the real headline I
suppose technically it is true but who
were the dozens and who were the
Israelis and in Gaza and what happened
well there was a mass riots but not just
a riot in Gaza that would be none of
Israel's affair it was an attempt to
infiltrate into Israel and these were
not unarmed protesters in fact we see
today that Hamas senior Hamas leaders
have said 50 out of the 60 they claimed
were killed were Hamas terrorist
operatives 50 out of 60 can I could I
put up the online version of the New
York Times because this is quite
something this is the front page of
their website yesterday or waited this
morning it was yesterday one two three
four five six seven eight stories their
entire front page hold it up there let
me read some of them killings in Gaza a
new embassy in Jerusalem and no sign of
peace inside a makeshift hospital where
Gaza treats its wounded updates an
uneasy calm falls over this you would
think World War three had begun by the
way this is more extreme anti-israel
coverage then in the Arab media I say
again other than Gaza which is
controlled by the Hamas terrorist group
which has now admitted that 50 out of
the 60 dead were their own operatives
the Middle East did not care Saudi
Arabia did not care Bahrain Oman Qatar
Kuwait Iraq they did not care why would
they care this is a pure media stunt by
Hamas and as you can see by this front
page of the New York Times they
absolutely fell for it now you're
probably thinking what fell for what
fell for what people were killed that
headline is true no matter what even if
they were terrorist operatives let me
show you a video from pally wood and I
don't think this video was supposed to
we're supposed to get out there
put it up and I'll and I'll give some to
the this is a morgue this is a morgue
these are people who you can see in the
background
these are martyrs the media was there
there was a big photo op they were
sending the videos out these are the
dead these are the people that Israelis
murder these are the people that the New
York Times dedicated their entire front
page to it's terrible the horrific
horror show the Israel's perpetrated oh
how you doing down there
you need a snack you could you knows is
it you need a scratch somewhere yeah
okay we'll just cover your back up keep
acting keep acting did you see that
well of course you saw that hey do we
have the video we used from yesterday
about that the youngster with the canes
I mean this is called pally wood and you
have to be extremely disciplined as a
journalist to ignore these little
discontinuities you know on YouTube you
can find these goofy little videos where
someone went through a movie
frame-by-frame and does a video seven
seven mistakes in Star Wars that you
probably didn't notice or something like
that
yeah it here this one here here's one of
the disabled civilians who forgot that
he was being filmed and so he was healed
it's it's a miracle it's a holy land
miracle this and show the morgue one one
more time okay so this is the fake
disabled guy show the morgue one one
more time yeah they're moving around
number there but you saw that other guy
move here's the second one look they're
moving these are the these are the Hamas
dead and they're each moving a little
bit my point is you know those guys who
go through and find Hughes seven flaws
seven discontinuities in Star Wars you
have to really really hunt for any if
you're in a professional Hollywood movie
it's really hard to find the errors it's
the opposite when you're dealing with
pally would you have to work extremely
hard to make sure you don't show all
these discontinuities irregularities and
hoaxes but the New York Times you know
their motto all the news that's fit to
print
it's weird that the New York Times is so
anti-israel I mean the Salzburger family
is Jewish the newspaper is being owned
by Jews obviously for more than a
century but it shouldn't be surprising
the New York Times was also dead silence
about the perils of the Holocaust
towards European Jewry under the Nazis I
don't quite understand their excuses why
but I guess they're keeping up with that
long-standing tradition anyways we I saw
a super chat come by and let me go and
mention it again what we're doing here
with the super Jets I got my screen
working again sorry for that delay
there's a ton of comments and I and I
got an email yesterday saying Ezra less
monologues more comments okay will do if
you want your comment to stand out like
the corker he chipped in five bucks and
so I don't know if you saw it there his
comment was in bright green I'll read it
now our ethics violating p.m. is
receiving an honorary law degree today
in New York University that's a great
point the first the first prime minister
in Canadian history to be convicted of
not one but four breaches of the federal
law in this case the conflict of
interest act is receiving an honorary
law degree that's a great point I wonder
if he would be allowed to be a lawyer
having been convicted of breaking the
law I think there's two other things to
say about his trip to New York
the first is he's it's his 56th foreign
trip since becoming Prime Minister he's
only being p.m. for two and a half years
and he's done 56 foreign trips 56 he
loves going to New York and who doesn't
great restaurants taking a show fine
hotels the missus can do some shopping
visit George Soros and other
billionaires I mean he absolutely loves
going to New York and does so all the
time now 56 times he's traveled outside
the country that's absurd and shocking
and you just realized well he's a very
short attention span he's lazy he often
takes personal days when he's even in
Ottawa and he has an extremely demanding
wife and I don't say that is any kind of
allegation or aspersion that's just an
observation she demands not one but two
taxpayer
funded nannies I'll never forget maybe
we can even dig it up I don't know if we
can find it when she injected herself
into a Martin Luther King Day event in
Ottawa which really has nothing to do
with Canada to begin with and has really
nothing to do with Sophie Gregoire
Trudeau but she had written a little
song that had nothing to do with being
black and she insisted on inflicting
that song on everybody I say that
because it goes to her entitlement yeah
I'm not sure if you read the ethics
commissioners report into Justin's we go
but they didn't just have the one trip
to the billionaires Island Bahama
they had more than one and Sophie
Trudeau called up and said hey yeah do
you mind if I just come with some of my
girlfriends and the the Agra constanly
said well we're not going to be here in
the island and Sophie Trudeau so that's
fine no no we we we just want to use
your billionaire Island so she's an
extremely extremely high maintenance
woman and of course she wants to the
family trip to the Taj Mahal on the
family trip to Tokyo and the family trip
to New York I just simply we found it
now thanks team I just simply have to
show you just to remind you
Sophie Gregoire Trudeau I present
rosovsky flag and some people fight
without knowing though some people live
without seeing the light some people
they oh no no no no but not quite and I
know who the good will prevail and I
could conquer the world without a love
that I feel
when you smile back at me when you Smurf
back at me I see it from the cone of
your eyes all right that's enough
oh my god you know what it's you got it
you got to dig up our YouTube video
where Gavin McInnes plays that in the
background and he sings along I think
that's probably the funniest video we've
ever produced we've made about 8200
videos at the rebel can you believe it
that's a lot of videos I think the
funniest was Gavin McInnes singing along
with Sophie where I didn't want to do it
I didn't want to do it because all I was
thinking about was how funny Gavin was
and I couldn't live up to that yeah I
think that's a big reason why Justin
Trudeau has gone on 56 foreign trips he
has to keep that woman pleased okay
let's take some questions
real men first says enough already
you're right you're right I wasn't
mocking it because I couldn't be as
funny as Gavin but what's that got to do
with the Martin Luther King jr. Day
Sophie sort of the opposite of black
she's she's so white she's pink
she's so privileged I and that was just
inflicted on the poor people at the
Martin Luther King Day and why well
because she's been practicing that in
front of the mirror and she she's the
first lady even though we don't really
have that thing in Canada all right it
says 1214 so we're quarter done and I
haven't even really got started sir we
were a minute late there was a little
distracted let me read some more
questions because I got an email from
folks saying enough with the chitchat
Ezra take our questions all right other
things Morris
sea bass picks us my cat makes strange
noises at night I hope you're not
comparing your cat's strange noises to
our first lady because that's
Islamophobic if you are miss lil pig
says I think that was animal abuse
I don't know I don't know what you mean
but maybe Theodore Seeger son does
anyone have the link to the video Ezra
mentioned just now with Gavin tena maybe
can you take that video up and I don't
know how we could maybe you can actually
type it in as a comment
it was very free you could google it
folks just type it in just Gavin McInnes
Sophie Gregoire and probably show up
seabass pics again have you guys seen
The Handmaid's Tale no I don't want to I
don't want to see it I mean I I read the
book and I think I saw a movie to that
effect about 10 or 20 years ago and I
just every second that I see and I see
the ads for the Hemis tale everywhere
and I and I see it referenced all over
the cultural left and I can't bear it
because every second that you're talking
about a fake theocracy that treats women
like chattel and property and you know
harems for the pleasurable purposes of a
patriarchal society and you're doing it
as a Christian theocracy which does not
exist and you're ignoring Muslim
theocracies which exist that do the same
thing but much more brutally how can you
do that I don't know if I told you this
but I'm when I went to Germany a couple
years ago I went to a refuge a private
refuge a run by a Christian nun named
sister hot tomb was her name and let me
describe what this was this was a refuge
in Germany where people fled from the
official government refugee centers in
Germany so these people came from Syria
and Iraq they were fleeing the civil war
they went to Germany as so many did but
when they were in Germany they were the
non-muslims were still persecuted they
were beat up they were they were
threatened they were demanded they
convert so even in Germany Isis was
running the refugee centers so some of
the Christian
and Aziz had to flee from the official
German refugee center and sister her
tune was taking some them in and I met
for the first time in my life
he is IDI do you know what that is
that's a it's a very obscure religion
it's not Muslim it's not Christian it's
a religion it's not an ethnicity a lot
of them are Kurdish I met a year ZB and
there you see these often have blue eyes
so they've got olive skin they got brown
skin because there's from the Middle
East but they have blue eyes which is
quite something when you see that
combination and so they were prized by
Isis terrorists as rape slaves and so
Isis would come in and murder the men or
doom and they'd convert if they didn't
convert they'd murder them and they
would take these Yazidi women as rape
slaves and they would pass them around
and this was not condemned by Isis was
in fact sacralized this was a reward
this was an official currency they had
official rape slave auctions and I met a
woman who was a rape slave of Isis who
said who told me we have it until you
could Google video on our rebel side she
lost count after she was raped 240 times
so that exists rape slavery authorised
by the Quran enforced by a Caliphate of
theocracy called the Islamic state that
exists and the left is silent on that
but they want me to watch a show about
rape slavery and an a misogynist
theocracy that's Christian I'm sorry I
can't do that that would be like someone
making a fictitious movie of the week
about a Holocaust where the Jews were
burning Germans no it's the opposite
don't show me a piece of Hollywood
fiction where the Christians are the
slavers in fact it was speaking of all
slavery was the Christians Wilberforce
and others who ended slavery was a
Christianity that ended slave
but don't don't tell me a fictional work
where the Christians are the abusers in
the Middle East the Christians are the
abused by the Muslim rape slavers it's
in the Koran the Corker writes again as
well how much do you think we taxpayers
will pay to get Kinder Morgan built five
billion ten billion that's a reference
to the Kinder Morgan trans mountain
pipeline expansion of course you don't
need to pay to get the pipeline built
the a company called Kinder Morgan wants
to put in seven point four billion
dollars of their own money it will not
get built just by adding more money with
its five billion or ten billion you just
will not get built that's not the
problem the problem is some money in
fact the money was there like it was for
Energy's pipeline Northern Gateway
pipeline no amount of money can get it
through if there's no rule of law in
Canada either the constitutional law or
just plain ol enforcing the Criminal
Code I don't know if you saw my show my
paywall showed a p.m. a few weeks ago I
did a story on a rock quarry in dig me
neck Nova Scotia tiny little town a rock
court bath salt I don't even know what
that is it's kind of volcanic rock they
want them to mine this rock and then
have a Marine Terminal ship it to the
States and two million tons a year is
some that's a lot of Rock and over the
course of the 50 year life for the mine
they thought they'd make half a billion
dollars and they were invited to invest
and they did and they spent millions and
they went through an environmental
review is they knew they would and that
was fine but at the end of this that was
blocked not for any real environmental
reason not for any real safety reason
for made-up reasons of social licence so
they were not given their permits it was
a loosey goosey you're against our
values ruling and so they sued under
NAFTA the North American Free Trade
Agreement which says you have to treat
each other's investors fairly you can't
rip them off you can't rig the rules and
the NAFTA panel sided with the American
investor it was appealed to the federal
court in Canada Canada's federal court
agreed I've held the ruling so this
loosey-goosey social license you don't
have to buy in from the community yeah
that's that's none of the rules there's
you know are you environmentally safe
are you physically
safe check check check to check is not a
catch-all called
in does the local activist approve
Canada's gonna be on the hook for half a
billion dollars in penalties that's what
this mind says they would have earned
over fifty years and can that's gonna
have to pay them half a billion that's
just for a little rock quarry
imagine how much Kinder Morgan will be
able to soak taxpayers for not because
they want to they want to build the
pipeline but if Justin Trudeau and John
Horgan and other Canadian entities break
the law by faking the reasons that
pipeline can't get built get ready to
pay out the whole amount VM Parliament
says do you think the NDP have a chance
to win in Ontario and my answer is yes
they absolutely do and here's how it
could go down and it's terrifying to see
it Kathleen Wynne is in third place
she's really doing poorly as the Liberal
Party is in I've seen several polls put
them in third place Kathleen Wynne as a
personality is so unlikable the latest
Liberal Party ads have a young actress
just as a stand-in I'm not pretending to
be Kathleen Wynne but just some
anonymous actress saying hey not
everything's gone great can we can we
call that a doubt that Ontario liberal
ad I'd like to show it to our viewers
from those Runa not from Ontario it's
quite something have you ever seen the
key ad for a party not feature that
party's leader I mean whether it's Trump
or Hillary Clinton or Obama in the
States or in Canada I mean your leader
is your leader that's what it means to
lead but you're so embarrassed and
ashamed of your leader let me show this
out I mean it's the ad itself for what
it is it's it it's a little wobbly I
have some criticisms of it but the
shocking fact is they hired an actor
because the leader is so odious take a
look okay I get it
everything hasn't been perfect and
Kathleen Wynne's material
but four years ago Wynn said she'd build
Ontario up by investing in hospitals in
schools
transit to create Charles and I I'm on
show too but I love okay fine
so everything hasn't been grained but
here can I be a paid actor and read to
you some lines okay fine okay fine it's
not great when you're paying an actor to
go out and say that because your leader
is so hated you're in trouble and my
point is Doug Ford I think is I think
he's going to win I think he can win I
think he should win I think it's right
for Ontario that he does win I think
Ontario needs him to win but what if
Kathleen Wynne does so poorly in the
polls and there's like this stink of
death over her campaign that's such a
desperation move they're doing so many
desperation moves their tweets are so
absurd in the debate recently Doug Ford
said Kathleen when you have a nice smile
okay I don't think that's a particularly
weird thing to say
but oh my god the liberal press releases
success these mansplaining and I know he
just said you have a nice smile which I
don't even think it's true but they're
misfiring no one's listening to them no
one cares I saw an article in the
Toronto Star yesterday panicking that
nothing's sticking to Doug Ford here's
my point let's say Doug Ford's at 40
percent in the polls that's pretty
healthy right in a three-party race and
that's that's majority territory but
what happens if people look around and
say you know I don't like Doug Ford and
I don't love Kathleen Wynne but I sure
don't like that flooring I go for
Kathleen Wynne but if she's in third
place consistently consistently
consistently and if if the campaign
starts to look really desperate which I
think it is the elections on June 7th
but no see what happens if the anybody
but Ford ABF ABC anybody but
conservative vote says shoot voting for
Kathleen Wynne just it's a wasted vote
put your vote behind the NDP this is
Andrea Whore rafts he seems nice enough
we haven't really done a lot of due
diligence on her because we never
thought she was seriously that's almost
what happened in Alberta with Rachel
Notley
that is exactly what happened people
said I don't like Jim Prentice I don't
like the incumbents sorry I'm trying to
remember who was said but Rachel Notley
came up the middle that's sort of how
Bob Rae was elected I don't 20 23 20 odd
years ago I forget the year he was
elected he just came up the middle when
people said a pox on everyone else
if the anti Doug Ford vote coalesce is
around the NDP they have a chance I'm
not saying that win right now I'd still
bet on Doug Ford but yeah the NDP has a
chance especially if Doug Ford continues
to demoralize the conservative base by
flip-flopping on key issues he threw out
Tonya granite gallon which I thought was
a mistake let's read support comments
and then look it's 12 26 I want to I
want to show you a few of the things
today time's running okay El Chapo
cabrona is back saying hi Tammy Tammy
butinsky is an Bell says okay donkey
smile I don't know what that means
entry requires as I thought the
discussion about Trudeau's cook being
kept in a separate residence was
interesting I had many mountain the
green know on to talk about that he
points out that Trudeau's living in
Rideau Hall his cook is leave living in
24 Sussex Drive and he's got another
residence over the core backside called
Herrington Lake and rumors are and I
have no proof of it the Trudeau's mom is
in there Margaret Trudeau I you know I
suppose we could stake out with a camera
in there and see who's coming and going
you know Justin Trudeau always says that
the purpose of a carbon tax is to make
choices costly so can't minions make
better choices about their carbon
footprint his choice is to have an
entire house dedicated to his chef and
to drive the meals over from 24 Sussex
Drive drive them half a mile to brito
Hall because apparently the the kitchen
in Reno Holliston couldn't have or as
Manny suggested maybe Trudeau doesn't
want any strangers in the house maybe
things are not as idyllic with that
karaoke star Sophie Gregoire
No yeah and and he just doesn't want any
personnel in the house wouldn't surprise
me
let's take a look see more comments if
you want your comment to stand out just
throw it in the super chat here Mike
Levine says have you heard of a bee
Yamini he's doing good work in Australia
he seems to be cut from the rebel clock
yes I have heard about him and I've
watched some of his videos and I like
what I see and I've considered I've
thought about so he's on my radar and I
so so the answer is yes I like what I
see
I probably need to do some more due
diligence and of course but he has in
fact reset twist so thank you for that
tip our said says how can you own
Jerusalem for yourself I'm not sure what
you're referring to but if you've read
the Bible you know that Jerusalem is the
biblical historical eternal capital of
the Jews that's where the word Zionism
comes from Mountains ioan it's in the
Bible and it's the capital of the state
of israel i think the the reality of
moving that reality I mean just move
your capital move your embassy with
capitalism hey it's 1228 I'm gonna take
a break from reading comments and I want
to show you what's I want to show you a
clip of what's coming up tonight
off-the-cuff Declassified with John
Cardillo take a look today an
off-the-cuff Declassified North Korea is
threatening to pull out of their summit
with the United States but it doesn't
look like we're taking them seriously
Special Counsel Robert Muller is under
fire as the one-year anniversary of the
probe draws near the rebels Tiffany
gabbai joins you to discuss the unrest
in Gaza and are china and russia faking
their GDP numbers satellite imagery
seems to suggest they are well animal
I like that guy that strong Cardillo
he's our former NYPD cop he's based in
Florida he covers a lot of the Trump mag
and you can hear what else he's up to
today I don't know if you ever watched a
man I encourage you to tune in and while
I'm showing and teasing and pitching
other talent can I show you a promo for
today's show by my good friend Sheila
Gunn read obviously it's called the gun
show let's show that ad too so people
can see what that's all about
hey everybody it's Wednesday and you
know what that means
it's another all new gun show with me
your host Shira denry now joining me
tonight is my good friend Michelle
sterling from friends of science today
we are talking about well a little bit
of everything David Suzuki the push to
force banks to divest from fossil fuels
and the embedded anti oil activists in
Justin Trudeau's government it is a
packed show tonight you don't want to
miss it
hey by the way if you want to hang out
with John and Sheila and me and Katie
Hopkins and speaking of Australia dr.
tanveer almond one of our contributors
down there we are going to Israel for
ten days that is a long time and you
invited I don't know if you know this
but we're going to Israel do we have a
TV ad that we can play about that I'm
just playing so many ads here we don't
have a TV ad for that now but we'll play
them in later this week or a little
pitch it's not necessarily an ad we're
going and we're inviting our most
enthusiastic rebels to come with us it's
not just going to be tourism there will
be tourism if you're Christian if you're
Jewish if you're Muslim if you're
interested in the country will tour
around will hit the spots but it'll also
be briefings political briefings
military briefings we are actually I
don't know if I'm allowed to say this
but it's a fact we are going to the
graduation ceremony of the Israel Air
Force Academy which has an awesome air
show I think the f-35 jet will be
involved in that I'm not sure but it's
you know Israel's Air Force is the most
modern in the world with Americans I
mean they they're one of the early
adopters of the I think it's the f-35 or
maybe see f-22 that's gonna be an
awesome trip and you it's gonna be about
60 or 70 other rebel viewers and the
five talents I just mentioned Shelagh
John Tanveer Katie Hopkins myself I'll
have a couple of rebel staff great food
oh my god you're gonna get fat I'll get
fatter too and round we'll have a couple
buses it'll be I'm looking forward to it
it is ten days so it's a secret strip
serious trip if you want details go to
rebel Israel dot-com it's sort of like a
cruise which was scuppered by an alt
left activist group but you can't
skipper this one because it's going
forward that's rebel Israel come alright
now we doing for time it's 12 through -
I'm gonna read another super check
comment by Ali Clark thanks Ali
esra did you look into notifications
issues on YouTube had to go to your
website to see if you were even on today
I mentioned we did ask our YouTube guru
about this and I saw note from him that
he was looking in Hana maybe we can
follow up with with our YouTube guru add
him and ask what he saw because I take
your point and you're not the only one
who's who said it Ali that you know we
need more notification issues I believe
that it's probably some sort of gentle
censorship against us on the part of
YouTube and I know that sounds like a
conspiracy theory but I've actually had
three meetings with YouTube and Google
about these things and and they don't
care I don't know if you ever watched
Paul Joseph Watson he's one of my
favorite guys on YouTube I think he says
in his last 37 or something videos in a
row have all BD monetized and his latest
one which is excellent which is about
the new video by Childish Gambino not
only is it demonetised but they've
they're treating it like hate speech
I've very rarely seen it you have to
click yes I agree to see controversial
material and they've made it unsure
about and unlikable like they're
literally treating it like hate speech
the it's just for a political commentary
based on a violent video that they've
promoted 120 million views on YouTube in
a few days to the music video
there's no age restrictions on there
even though it's graphic violence but
Paul Joseph Watson critiques that
graphic violence and that's
controversial and all sorts of age
appropriate and you know it's it's it's
crazy William Coleman says it wasn't
happy that the rebel live is the weekend
of the election election blackout is
June 5th wish it was scheduled at a more
appropriate time I take your point
William and in in part of me thought
well this would be a very exciting time
to have it it may have been availability
of the venue I'm not sure but I take
your point I should say that the rabble
live attendance is really coming along I
think we're more than half sold out and
it's still we still three weeks of
ticket sales so I think it's going to
really go great in fact why don't we
just if people are wondering what I'm
talking about I think we do have that
rebel live at let's just play it right
now we're gonna discuss topics that the
political elites in the media party
don't want us to discuss political
correctness be damned
the past is enough of a principle died
the world by perhaps we are in better
touch with the pulse of the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in the spike together
it's the over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times most
modernism is a sophisticated philosophy
now if it's raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
that's rebel I'm showing you so many ads
and then we've had four ads today I'm
pretty excited that I see another super
shot from VM Parliament would you ever
run for office I'd vote for you well
thank you for that I appreciate that I
don't know if I would I mean I know when
I was younger I actually tried to when I
was I think 29 or something I ran for
Parliament I actually won the nomination
for the Canadian Alliance as it was then
known the precursor of the Conservative
Party in Calgary Southwest rowing the
safest ridings in Canada for
conservatives but five weeks after I got
that nomination Stephen Harper was
selected as the new leader of the party
and he needed a safe seat to run in and
so he sort of looked into that
by-election I resisted stepping aside at
first I had worked so hard for it but of
course paving the way for the new leader
the party who went on to become a very
strong prime minister for almost ten
years
that's how that story ended it pushed me
in a different path I went on to help
start the Western Standard magazine to
write a series of books including
ethical oil to join the Sun News Network
and now with the rebels so my life has
taken a different path occasionally I
wonder what would have happened had I
gone into Parliament I know one thing
for sure would be a lot less financial
stress you get that you get a nice
six-figure job and much more important
than that you get all the staff and the
budget and the travel and two offices
one in Ottawa one in the writing you get
so much infrastructure that's actually
what costs so much more than just the
salary itself and of course you have the
forum of Parliament and access to the
media so those are all the pluses for
being elected as an MP for example but
the minuses well there is the insane
travel back and forth especially if I
were to run from Calgary where I used to
be from but I think the biggest one is
if you're not the it's it's like being
on a dogsled you know when there
remember all the Huskies are pulling the
dogsled if you're not the one at the
front you don't you know it's you're
pretty much just following the party
discipline and the message track and
that can be fine but I don't know if I'd
be good especially as I get older
and biting my tongue on things you're
not allowed to say I suppose if I was
focused on something that I really was
passionate about and given you know the
power to talk about like ethical oil I
mentioned but if I had to shut up about
twenty other things it would be tough
that's the bargain you make when you go
into elected office you're part of a
team and you have to have a team
discipline and you can't have a caucus
of a hundred MPs saying a hundred things
that are not in harmony with each other
and who makes the decision it's the top
dog I have to tell you if I were an MP
and Andrew sheers caucus I would not be
enjoying it I don't think I would be
enjoying my life
I don't think Maxine Burnie is I mean
I'm not trying to cause trouble I think
it's just so evident that Maxine Bernier
is biting his tongue every single day me
I'm sure there are other compensations
like I say free job free stuff access
you can work on constituency files you
can work on projects you can have
private member's bills you can there are
a lot of good things to do it's a very
very long answer to a very friendly
question but in short I don't think I
don't think I would run I just don't
think I would I just don't think I'm
built for party politics maybe maybe
I'll change maybe my temperament will
change maybe the nature of parties will
change but in some ways I think we make
more of a difference outside politics I
think that's something it's Steven ban
and got right in America and it's
something the politics of Watson says
all the time politics is downstream from
the culture politics is where the power
is
but the influence is in the media it's
in pop culture it's in music that that
new video by Childish Gambino will in
many ways have more influence than any
editorial that's why Kanye West's
breaking away from the Democrat PAC was
so powerful all right let's look for
some more comments here it is 12:40
rolled access other save the Christians
documentary yesterday Canada is a
country with Christian values and should
be bringing in Christian refugees as a
priority well I'm glad you saw it
I did sir did I tell you save the
Christians calm our video our first
documentary error
is now available on video on demand or
to pre-order the DVDs
thank you for I'm thrilled you saw roll
well thanks for the feedback that's
great
Marcel 84 Ezra no one will vote for you
you own represent Israel not us or us
well I'm in Canada so I don't report to
represent the US I don't support is
we're going to Israel as I told you
because we supported so I've also been
to Taiwan I support Taiwan I'm not
Chinese
I'm not Taiwanese first I just support
that little democracy against the
authoritarian dictatorship mix it with
called China I support Israel for
reasons of ethnicity and religious
heritage as well but I'm not a I'm a
Canadian I'm a Canadian first and only I
only have one passport can is my home I
admire Israel I have a an emotional tie
to it but I believe in a sovereign
Canada and that's that's where I am that
you I think being Pro Canada generally
means you're sympathetic to democracies
around the world I think it's natural to
be pro-israel if you're a Democrat
especially if you're conservative but I
mean Democrats MALDI in fact I think it
would be very hard to be Pro Hezbollah
Pro Hamas if you have Canadian values so
I disagree with you Darla's MacKinnon it
is my preference Canadians are safe but
do we even control our own countries
anymore well that's the thing with open
borders we clearly don't and Justin
Trudeau is just opened it up first of 40
50 thousand Syrian migrants that were
not vetted and now to to people just
walking up from the states that Donald
Trump's on the verge of deporting here
is another super chat I recognize this
name from a couple of weeks ago Yuri
through a grundle that's a great name
hello again just an idea I'd like to see
rebel bumper stickers heavily
distributed to educate the public that
rebel exists many don't know that rebel
existing can you continue to digest CBC
News you know that's a good idea
I haven't been to our rebel store in a
while we probably need to freshen it up
I know it's not a bad idea just the well
almost just to give them out I don't
know
notice but the back of my laptop I have
this little sticker can you see it I
love oil sands and I just put that on
there frankly you know I put that on
there because I go through airport
airport security I have to take my
computer out and I put it in a little
bin and there's so many computers and
they all look the same right or similar
so I just slapped that or else and
sticker on there first of all because I
believe in the whole sentence and second
of all so I can identify my computer I
don't want someone to take mine or vice
versa I'm pretty sure I got that sticker
for free and it's worth it for me for
them so yeah I think I like your idea I
like you right maybe we should give them
out for free just the cost of shipping
and have a voluntary contribution if you
want to chip in a few bucks you can but
no you know what your wreath regret Dell
if that is your real name that sounds
like sort of a lovable nickname you know
I bet your real name is something like
joy Smith but it suck a pet name I'll
come here you little urethra grundle
there's some more chit chats miss little
pig says I'd buy a rebel bumper sticker
thank you Sarah and what are you 19
stickers on your computer what's just
one sticker and says I love the old sand
I told you why I put it on there so I
don't because it was eating at the
airport everyone takes their computer
side as you go through the groping
security and you wouldn't believe how
many computers look the same I just put
that on there so no one takes mine it's
like when people are going to put a
little ribbon or tape on their luggage
because all luggage is sort of black and
looks the same and Ali Clark says hand
them out at events as well good point
real men fish I love our us neighbors
bumper sticker would blow up a few Frog
heads okay Frank ham stickers are cool
Oh Sarah and what about pink rebel has
perhaps a March hate nice idea
I would rebel bumper sticker my whole
fleet your were you like an admiral of
the Navy or something Donnell McKenna
just write it down with a marker on
places all right rebel graffiti Banksy
style noise
a OS Dorp Thank You Israel at least that
way some of our money that Islamic
regime of Iran steal from us Iranians
who remain in our land I support Israel
all the way against all Islamists well
that's interesting because I think
Israel is a military and political and
diplomatic bulwark against Islamic
extremism and that's why some of the
moderate Arab dictatorships are becoming
more more friendly with Israel as they
see it's the only muscle and political
will in the region that might be able to
stop some extreme terrorism or nuclear
adventurism urethral Grendel just
hanumon spread the word Jonathan bright
eyed by rebel clothing swag don't have a
car I think you know what you're
convinced me by the way this little mug
um it says on the one hand there it's
just a rebel but on the other hand it
says don't blame me I vote a
conservative this was one of our
bestsellers by the way but I think
you're right it's been a while since we
freshened up our stock in our store so
you're encouraging me to do that all
right you know what we it's oh my gosh
it's 1246 I've been kibbutzim too much
I've been showing too many ads and I've
been reading too many comments I I want
to show you two more things celebrities
there there's so much smarter than us
aren't they or bolder or braver or
something
I mean Chelsea Handler do you know who
I'm talking about sort of a left-wing
all-purpose chitchat absolute basic
celebrity I mean if there's conventional
wisdom she's got it oh I see fan dogs I
how much revenue do you think he'll
generate from the super chat feature
not a ton not a ton I mean if we if we
got a 100 bucks to show that'd be great
we've got 250 bucks a show that'd be
amazing we could that would that would
cover that would cover some serious
staff expenses around here you know we
do it because you know we are in the
editorial content business but yeah if
the super chat added up it's something
today I just glancing over it you know
it's not anything to hit hundred bucks
but we're doing it and we're gonna grow
we're only doing this for a couple weeks
anyways back to Chelsea Handler
when I think who is a master of world
affairs who would grasps the increased
intricacies of the arab-israeli conflict
the centuries long battle between Islam
and Judaism and Christianity who
understands the sweep of history from
the Crusades to the Ottoman Empire to
the British Mandate I think maybe Henry
Kissinger maybe in his own way Bill
Clinton did and Chelsea Handler those
are the three titans of foreign policy
smarts and as proof for that third
selection which you might doubt let me
show you a tweet from Chelsea Handler I
just got a just going to read it now the
bebe crazies BB is a nickname for
Benjamin Netanyahu that BB crazies I'm
not sure but I think that spell wrong
are running the show unchecked and will
effectively turn Gaza and the left bank
into starvation camps or mental asylums
if not already and bomb Iran into
submission
there will be a religious term for this
I think the evangelicals call it the
rapture 561 retweets 2,400 two likes and
that's when we took the screen shot is
probably more can you hold that out
there cuz there's just there's so much
every word here he's a goddamn
masterpiece you know Winston she'd you
know Winston Churchill was it the Nobel
Prize for Literature that he won for for
his biography is autobiography really is
history this could win a Pulitzer
now the Beebe crazies are running the
show you actually been stirring
Netanyahu's been Prime Minister of
Israel for a while he's unchecked well
actually it's a democracy with an
opposition and the extremely aggressive
media will effectively turn Gaza and the
left bank into starvation again well
Gaza is no longer part of Israel I don't
know if Chelsea missed that part but I
think it was 2005 that Israel
unilaterally abandoned
Gazza to its people and then was
immediately seized by Hamas Oh Israel
does not have any soldiers or police in
Gaza it has no customs officials it has
no bureaucrats it has no citizens it is
a Jew free zone you Rhine in the
original German so it is what it is
because of its Hamas rulers left bank
it's possibly my favoritest part of this
tweet left Bank is what they call the
fancy part of Paris the left bank of the
Seine River Inn in Israel I think she
means the the West Bank the West Bank
but other than those little facts I'm
sure she is a masterful command of the
situation she thinks the evangelicals
call it rapture could be um but just
like my criticisms of people who really
think The Handmaid's Tale is where it's
at
I think the religious term that's
probably more appropriate to what's
going on there is not the rapture but
then jihad because neither Benjamin
Netanyahu nor Hamas are Christian he's a
Jew and they're Muslims I saw a great
tweet today that said if if I must
through all their weapons into the sea
the result would be peace if it's real
it's a weapon something to see the
result would be genocide and that's
accurate
I see another super check comment let me
read it there we go
v6 399 just cuz I love you guys right
well that's very nice of you that's very
nice for you to say I think I might have
missed one let me check my notes here
the in Parliament will you give win the
mobile billboard treatment hey I like
the way you think do you recall that we
we put a billboard outside her office
can I ask Hannah can you dig up this
short video of me the billboard we put
it right up outside of her constituency
obviously it's about a 90 second clip
and I just want to show it to you you
know I almost forgot about that
and we did it we you know you can if you
go to buy billboards you they have a
detailed map and you can choose
precisely the location you want and let
me show you something I think it's a 90
second video take a look at this is what
we did a couple years ago take a look oh
man from the rebel dot media as you can
see I'm standing on the street 795
Eglinton Avenue East in Toronto and look
behind me you can see that's the address
of the constituency office of Kathleen
Wynne the atrocious Premier of Ontario
well the reason I'm here is because look
just over there just across the street
and up is a billboard that we bought for
our fire wind dot CA campaign
it couldn't be clearer stop the
corruption stop the lies and that was
crowd funded by you our loyal viewers
staring down at the premier staring down
at all her little workers and busy
beavers who are destroying Ontario
telling them that we are coming to fire
her well what do you think if you
support our campaign to fire and win
help us continue to have this billboard
and others like it around the city you
can also get your own mini billboard
what I mean by that is your own lawn
sign that says fire win we also have
t-shirts and bumper stickers too that's
all at Firewind CA I wanted to show you
that billboard because I'm so proud of
it but really it's you who did it thank
you
from 795 Eglinton Avenue East in Toronto
I'm as relevant for the rebel dot media
well thank you for the reminder that you
know we've done so many shenanigans like
that over the years I actually forgot
about that and we gave out hundreds of
those Firewind lawn signs and I think
we're gonna have some to give out at the
at the rebel live event is Ron let me
just check let me check the clock as
12:53 speaking the Ontario election let
me show you a clip ins very very very
quick it's it's just a few seconds long
Doug Ford was at a rally and what do you
do when you have Kathleen
as your premier and some of her staff
are convicted of crimes and and then
there's things that are not crimes but
are they're just awful scandals ethical
breaches financial corruption and
mismanagement
well you can't lock her up and maybe a
half-minute or maybe you're joking maybe
you're paying homage to the chance of
the Donald Trump rallies take a look at
this
I don't know if you heard that but there
was a channel lock her up lock her up
you know that's how people talk when
they're unemployed or when they're
overtaxed or when they're paying
electricity bills that are literally the
highest in the continental North America
that's how people talk when they're sick
of being scolded by the premier on
everything from their carbon footprint
to the fact that they resist at an
extreme sex ed curriculum drafted by
convicted child pornographer in the case
of Ben Levin that some people talk
sometimes they blow up steam they have a
little bit of fun and you know what even
if it goes a little far rhetorically
that's part of freedom I remember when
that same chant was said in Alberta 16
months ago or so at our anti carbon tax
rally and the mainstream media pounced
as if that was some horrific crime and
timid conservatives through unemployed
Alberta oil men under the bus oh you're
not protesting the government politely
enough and when I saw that yesterday I
thought oh good for Doug good for Doug
he won't throw those protestors under
the bus he won't count to have the
mainstream media I was very disappointed
to learn that Doug Ford did indeed later
admonish that person for saying that
look the Fords the late Rob Ford and
Doug Ford are all about having some fun
and not being word police and not
scolding people for being exuberant and
most of all not bending the knee to the
mainstream media which really just asks
acts as enforcers for the social justice
left whether it's the ideologies that
you can't say that you can't say that
you can't say that or you're in
Islamophobic transfer or actually the
parties of the left and I think that's
one of the secrets to understanding
Donald Trump's success is that whatever
his negatives are let's say half of
people find him unfavorable the media's
negatives are far higher most people
despise the media and with good reason
so when Donald Trump punches back at
journalists not physically of course he
doesn't punch them or lock them up but
when he rhetorically distres
that's them there's an enormous built up
momentum of Americans saying you damn
right it's about time someone took those
pompous TV Talking Heads down a peg and
that's one of the reasons why people
loved Rob forward in his day and I why I
think they like Doug forts and I have
one more request of you if you don't
mind can you dig up the audio or of the
late Rob Ford when he was phoned by
Carol off of the CBC radio and I want to
show you the proper way to treat a
left-wing journalist Carol off isn't
just a left-wing journalist she's a
Marxist I don't say that as an insult I
say that as an observation and she has a
show on Canada state broadcaster the CBC
and she was phoning up Rob Ford she
despised Rob Ford Rob knew it but he's
friendly enough so he took the call and
she had some very important questions to
ask on behalf of the state broadcaster
well the late Rob Ford had something
more important to do he was coaching
football a volunteer coach in a
low-income community as he always did
and so he answered the phone for this
radio interview on his cell phone while
he was out in the field coaching what
would you do would you say to a bunch of
young kids who love football it's their
favorite thing it's it's maybe the only
positive thing they're doing for
recreation and some socialists from the
state broadcaster wants to harp at you
in the phone would you really say sorry
kids I have to go talk to some Marxist
from the state broadcaster or would you
say all right would you holler out
coaching instructions while you're on
the phone well I'll tell you what Rob
Ford did and I have to say it's probably
the most beautiful thing I've ever seen
are you still looking for it over there
we'll see if we can dig it up if we if
we can't find it today we'll find it
tomorrow because it's already 1258 you
know what I'm just throwing this on my
team spring in on them what's the name
of that show as it happens if we can't
find it today I promise I'll show to
tomorrow because it's the ears my point
may be wrong my momís at a time anyways
my point is when a snood heat
Skol the sneering condescending
moralizing self-righteous media snob but
then again I repeat myself comes to
condemn you for being a conservative for
telling a joke lock her up for using a
phrase that's not politically correct
enough maybe you say mankind instead of
people kind the answer is not to bend
the knee and say oh I'm sorry and i
disavow i disavow that ruffian who said
lock er up the answer is probably not my
instinct which is to cuss the answer is
to say well no thanks we're a free
country and you have one point of view
of the state broadcaster and the people
have a different point of view and
that's what made Rob Ford great and I
think that's one of the things that
people hope for in Doug Ford and I sure
hope he doesn't have that drummed out of
him you know what folks it's it's almost
1 o'clock we can't find that last clip
and I'm sorry I threw that on our
production team last minute we'll have
it for tomorrow but I will play it for
you because it was Gor just let me wrap
up I tell you what we're doing every
weekday we do this 12 noon to Eastern
that's 1 p.m. Eastern I try and take
your comments I was a little Ramle today
I was a little rambling I apologize I
didn't even get through I did just
barely get through all the clips I had
been help us out by chipping in through
the super chat a few bucks here and
there we're gonna expand it to periscope
Twitter Facebook simultaneously we got
over 500 folks watching right now which
ain't bad it's getting up their alley we
are gonna look into your question but if
we're forgetting the notifications fixed
and this is just basically what I do
with like I'm like a cruise ship I have
to see the sittings for lunch so I'm
gonna skip one lunch a day I'll do this
instead it's a good way to hear what
folks are interested in then I want to
build this up a bit so someone who said
how much money you're gonna make on this
well that's you know I'd like to make
some money cuz we got to pay the bills
around here we don't get government
money in this it's voluntary you don't
have to pay money then make a comment
yeah but I'd like to build it up you
know we got 500 people watching right
now it's pretty respectable of course
this will be on YouTube for people to
watch later so yeah we're getting there
and I appreciate your good advice and
your great questions lots of good advice
too
but the store and bumper stickers good
questions about notifications and and
subscriptions we'll look into that and I
should wrap up now because our D 101
I'll have that Rob Ford video for
tomorrow just for the viewers who tuned
in again it's just a great great great
video I love it so much until tonight at
8 p.m. where my paywall shows up and
tomorrow again at 12 noon on behalf of
us here at rebel world headquarters
good bye and keep fighting for freedom
