because I'm more than Asian I am more
than a woman I am more than Leticia try
I am a human being
that was not a scene from the local
strip club no that was the beginning of
a thesis presentation by Cornell
University student Leticia chai we've
made excuses for unacceptable behavior
but I am done saying this is water
because this is not a matter of you
having a bad day the Ivy League student
was getting ready to give a presentation
on refugee rehabilitation for her acting
in public class when she practiced the
presentation earlier in the week she
opted for a button-down shirt and short
shorts and she got really triggered when
her professor allegedly told her the
outfit would distract men in the class
and asked the girl what would your mom
think my mom is a feminist gender
sexuality studies professor Leticia
responded she has dedicated her life to
the empowerment of people in all gender
identities so I think my mother would be
fine with my shorts but Leticia shor
showed this professor proceedings
address even more provocatively and also
convincing 28 out of 44 spectators of
her presentation to do the same and to
join me in revealing to each other and
just seeing each other for who we truly
are members of the human race
you know Leticia is absolutely right I'm
only able to recognize fellow members of
the human race when they're in their
underwear if you have your clothes on I
simply can't tell who or what you are
now the syllabus for the acting in
public class does have address section
which says wear clothes and footwear
that are comfortable and will allow you
a free range of movement in class for
your performances dress appropriately
for the persona you will present for
example how would you dress for a
specific job interview how would you
dress when introducing a famous speaker
at a particular conference how would you
dress to give a speech at a protest
rally but here's the thing
letitia's speech wasn't some kind of
slut walk spiel against rape culture or
anything no she was talking about
treating refugees as resources rather
than burdens a lecture that outside of
the ivory tower would probably be made
at the UN and in a bit more formal
attire
make no mistake she donned this little
getup not out of relevance to her thesis
but entirely out of spite and to prove
that she could and even letitia's fellow
classmates seem to think she overreacted
almost all of them defended the
professor in a statement it was really
surprising to turn up in class on the
first day and find that 10 of the 14
students in class were people of color
and/or students from international
backgrounds we realized that this was a
deliberate effort on the part of our
professor to make sure that this class
was inclusive and supporting of those
from often disadvantaged backgrounds in
the arts this kind of effort is almost
unparalleled in the PMA department and
really revealed to us who our professor
is yes because this professor is not
some right winger but a fellow
progressive who also judges people based
on race isn't it fun watching these
ideologues eat their own I reached out
to Cornell for more insight but a
spokesman that politely declined comment
it turns out that in order for these
indoctrination clinics to continue
operating there are people who actually
have to care about things like donations
and for those individuals public
appearance and shame are things that
still matter for campus unmasked I'm Rob
from shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
