another conflict of interest for special
counsel robert muller this time with a
Russian oligarch yeah you heard me
correctly robert muller has a conflict
with a russian oligarch and not just any
old russian oligarch one central his
investigation one the left claims is is
ironclad rock-solid smoking gun proof
that donald trump is a Russian agent now
this goal goes back to 2007 when Robert
Levinson former operative of the US
government was kidnapped in Iran
Levinson bill hasn't turned up well it
turns out that Robert Muller this is a
story from the hill repurposed by
Newsmax
that Oleg Deripaska is the guy's name
and he is part of this Muller
investigation it's alleged that he's one
of the people who I helped funnel money
to Trump nothing's ever been proved but
but it turns out that
Robert Muller has problems that
according to the hill quote even
Muller's form a former law enforcement
Konrad's and independent ethicists
acknowledged raises legitimate legal
issues and a possible conflict of
interest in his overseeing the Russian
Election Pro so so Levinson is kidnapped
in Iran in 2007 well it turns out and in
I'm gonna read you again a direct quote
from the hills from John Solomon great
investigative reporter if you don't know
John's work in 2009 when Muller ran the
FBI the bureau asked Russian oligarch
Oleg Deripaska to spend millions of his
own dollars funding an FBI supervised
dopper ation to rescue Levinson now
Levinson was a retired FBI agent at the
time it's speculated was working for CIA
on contract gathering information about
Iran probably their nuclear weapons
ambitions other thing and it goes on to
say that Levinson was captured in 2007
while working for the CIA now dura pasca
was sanctioned by the trump
administration okay the Trump
administration leveled sanctions on
Sarah Pugh under pastas businesses
Muller
however worked with Deripaska and guess
who the agent was who reached out to
Deripaska back in 2009 to facilitate his
relationship with the FBI Andrew McCabe
I've told you how many times on this
show instead of countless times I've
lost count it all comes back to Andrew
McCabe everything comes back to Andrew
McCabe he was fired and I predict his
future is looking pretty bleak but this
now if I brought this story the stories
I bring you on this case every day on
the Muller investigation on this
nonsensical investigation into Donald
Trump to Russia collusion if I brought
you these stories you would and you were
a Hollywood producer you were the head
of a studio in Hollywood or you were the
head of a television production company
with a network deal you would laugh in
my face and you would say the public has
gotten so much
smarter and there have been so many
movies about espionage and intelligence
and the FBI no one is going to believe
this we've got to make something you've
got to bring us a script you've got to
bring us a concept the treatment that's
at least believable no one's gonna
believe this this is just too out there
and insane too conspiratorial but it's
all real it's all real
now let me read you some more of this so
they say FBI agents courted Deripaska in
2009 in a series this is where the the
producers would tell me oh come on yeah
they come really I mean it reads like a
spy novel from the 70s the FBI agents
courted your pasca in 2009 in a series
of secret hotel meetings and Harris
Vienna Budapest and Washington DC I mean
even the cities they pick Paris Vienna
Budapest Washington DC it reads like a
John Locke array or a Tom Clancy novel
agents persuaded the aluminum industry
magnate to underwrite the mission the
Russian billionaire insisted the
invitation either involved nor harm is
homeland Russia this is incredible we
knew quote we knew he was paying for his
team helping us and that probably ran in
the millions
end quote a US official involved in the
operation confirmed one agent who helped
court Deripaska was Andrew McCabe
this is uh incredible but let's think
about this Andrew McCabe who previously
convinced Oleg Deripaska to spend
millions of dollars of his own money to
help the FBI
while Robert Muller was FBI director and
approved the operation then shows up
then shows up uh 2009 seven year eight
years later into nine years later as a
central figure in the framing of Donald
Trump and a frame job
led by Andrew McCabe who was fired for
it anyway they want to whitewash this he
was fired trying to frame the sitting
president and the prosecution being
overseen by robert muller the two guys
who roped Deripaska in who looking for
Levinson in 2009 now what do they have
under POSCO and what leverage do they
now have under a paska to create this
phony illusion of collusion right the
Trump administration sanctioned
Deripaska
homey a McCabe and Muller worked with
Deripaska who colluded with Russia was
it Muller's FBI is it Muller Special
Counsel investigation
was it Donald Trump who's sanction
Deripaska
this is groundbreaking now this all
comes on the heels of new information
that the second agent who interview
General Michael Flynn there was a second
agent who interviewed General Michael
Flynn and you you've never heard his
name and his name I have a story up here
from Sara Carter she's been doing
excellent work but that second agent
name is Joe Panetta and he believed that
general Flynn well the truth he did not
believe general Flynn lied he was the
other agent in the room with Peter
stroke you've never heard of special
agent Joe Panetta you've never heard of
him he'd never heard of him and the
reason you've never heard of them well
there could possibly be two reasons I
mean I read this I look at my screen and
the information ADA
upon data upon data upon data it's it's
really really just
it's it's very disheartening for someone
to see someone who worked inside the
criminal justice
and it was what I see here is is
terrible so this agent Joe Pesci
he says um I believe it's him PN ska not
Pinet copy and ca-- well he's been on
ice and the reason he's probably been on
ice one of two in my professional
opinion I'm speculating here but only
one of two scenarios make sense to me
one that Muller didn't want his name to
come to light because he didn't want the
judge and it's Sullivan who's known for
banking down prosecutors and they
withhold exculpatory evidence which we
now know they did out the general
Flynn's defense team had general Flynn's
defense team had all the evidence we now
have today they never would have taken
that plate they wouldn't have had to no
jury in the world would have convicted
they never would have found 12 jurors to
convict it's doubtful that they'd ever
have gotten an indictment if all of this
information was publicly available and
prosecutors were honest about it
who the grand jury I guarantee you they
would held this evidence from the grand
jury
that's one scenario scenario number two
can be that especially agent Bianca was
why and is cooperating with the
inspector general to try to uncover and
bring to light the frame-up of general
Flynn it didn't it's not it's not just
coincidence that this guy went dark okay
it's not just a coincidence that we
didn't see any information with his name
on it well and the volumes we've seen no
he's either a Muller crony who's being
kept under wraps tonight blow their case
or he's working with OIG because he was
disgusted at what he saw but I'll tell
you something one thing is for sure we
needed to get the bottom of this and
Muller's investigation if you don't want
to shut it down politically it is long
past time with this new information
under pasca it is long past time for
jeff sessions to stop the nonsense
unruhe Cuse himself step in shut muller
down even if temporarily suspend the
investigation until we can get to the
bottom of these conflicts of interest
and this gross impropriety these are all
very important stories and i want to
bring them to you every single day so
help me do that by subscribing we're a
premium service at www.mediaed.org
download the rebel app and go to fire
Scott Israel dot-com sign our petition
let's get this horrible Broward County
Sheriff removed from office as always
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
