I'm answer levan it's May 15th in you're
watching battleground
hey everybody welcome back yesterday was
a big day in the Middle East at least
for Israel and America I think they were
sort of calling the bluff on decades of
this weird third rail you can't say
Jerusalem is the capital city of Israel
you can't have your embassy there and as
with so many things Donald Trump said
yeah says you
I'm just gonna do that says you I can't
take say to North Korea will blow you up
if you don't come to peace says you I
can't pull out of the UN global warming
scheme he just does all these calling of
the bluffs and the world doesn't fall
now there were some reactions from the
terrorist group Hamas that runs a
theocratic dictatorship in Gaza Strip
they had a massive riot but that's sort
of what Hamas does they're terrorists
they found that they are not very
effective when they militarily try to
attack Israel Israel is pound for pound
one of the best militaries in the world
so they do the next best thing if they
can't kill Israelis they use their own
people as cannon fodder as part of the
PR battle Hamas if you look at it it's
not being particularly effective as a
military force against Israel and make
sure they kill women and children but
militarily Israel is a very little risk
from Hamas but the PR damage done by
Hamas is their central value it's one of
the reasons why their terrorists are not
a real military force anyway so we'll
talk a little bit about the Gaza
reaction from Hamas but it was big news
and I have a few stories about that
today we'll show you some headlines
around the world ranging from the New
York Daily News to Haaretz which is the
left-wing big newspaper in Israel itself
and I want to remind you what we do
every day from 12:00 noon to 1:00 p.m.
Eastern we hop on this Google super chat
it's called it's a new YouTube function
they only recently invented I don't how
many weeks ago made it's months now
where I chat with you real-time that's
normal you can make a comment on the
right that's normal but this super chat
thing it's it's fun
you can pay a couple bucks or five bucks
or I don't know as much as you want I
guess and your comment will be in a
bright highlighted color and it'll stay
on the screen proportionate to how many
dollars you chip in and it's fun it's
bright colored so I can see it out of
the corner of my eye on my computer
screen here and more to the point it
helps us pay the bills here at the rebel
dog media we are 170 were supported
receiving no government funds unlike
let's say the state broadcaster of the
CBC which gets one point five billion
dollars or other state broadcasters
around the world from the BBC to Russia
today um so I see there are some people
watching now already some people
commenting Aly Clark thank you very much
for joining us again you've been a very
generous supporter on the super chest
John Zeeland I recognize your name
Blake runner hello to you seelix says
there is a buzz in the audio and it's
coming in left ear only well I don't
know but we're working on that is what
my production colleague says entry
required says hello New Yorker and
Sweden here while everyone is joining in
I want to jump right in and I was
yesterday that's the United States moved
its embassy to Jerusalem which is where
the capital city is it's where their
legislature called the Knesset is it's
where the Supreme Court is it's where
the Prime Minister and the president of
Israel live it's where most of their you
know government agencies are located so
of course it's the capital when Brazil
moved its capital city to Brasilia the
rest of the world didn't say no no we
are gonna decide where your capital is
and it ain't and it's Rio it's not
Brazilian no you it's the country that
decides where its capital is or it's not
a sovereign country and then why would
you have an embassy there at all now the
United States invited various other
diplomatic delegations to it ceremony
yesterday Donald Trump himself did not
attend he was in Washington DC is wife
the first lady Melania had a surgery and
he was
but Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner were
there as was the US ambassador and the
the Deputy Secretary of State from the
US over 80 other diplomatic delegations
were invited only 33 attended the others
I don't know having some sort of boycott
or something I should point out for our
Canadian viewers that Justin Trudeau
instructed the Canadian embassy not to
send a delegate to this event to
literally boycott this event not just to
be passive or just say okay we're not
going to make that move ourselves but
but to literally boycott him you know
who else boycotted I I see in the news
that South Africa boycotted it and they
issued some condemnation and Turkey
the neo-fascist Islamist Turkey there
was once such a secular ally of the West
it's still part of NATO but I think in
name only Turkey withdrew its recalled
its ambassador from both Israel and the
United States why are you in NATO still
I mean you are the bad guys and I just
wish we would start to realize that when
it comes to Turkey um I I want to show
you two of the grossest media coverages
of this from democratic media I'm not
talking about from state media like Al
Jazeera all those let me point out the
obvious Sunni Arab states are not the
ones who were revved up about this
there's no rioting in Jordan there's
over I here in set B Arabia no first of
all they don't have the Free Press they
probably don't even know
it's going but like I say with Donald
Trump saying the emperor has no clothes
no one really gets kind does not follow
with any of these things the only place
there was a hostile reaction was in Gaza
where Hamas fomented a bit of a riot on
the border and in the salons of the west
where they hate Israel and hate Donald
Trump and this convergence of Israel and
Trump was just too much for them let me
start by showing you the New York Daily
News there's a bit of a tabloid culture
and you hold this up there for a long
time I want to talk about this the New
York Daily News is anti Trump they're a
bitter rival of the New York Post also a
tabloid that is generally proton just
just let me unpack this so keep this on
the screen for a while that's obviously
Ivanka who was a surrogate for her
father in his stead Ivanka of course
converted to Judaism so this wasn't just
a ceremonial duty on her part you've
probably found it a meaningful trip so
that's a picture of her in front of the
cornerstone she was pointing to the
cornerstone with the New York Daily News
obviously photoshopped a different photo
there of rioting Palestinians in Gaza
Gaza is no longer part of Israel just to
remind you it once was part of Israel
then it was part of Egypt now it's part
of that it was part of Israel and now
it's run by Hamas so it is a different
country and it's not part of Israel
Israel has no sovereignty over it Israel
does not have soldiers there Israel
allows some traffic to go between the
two places
hundreds of trucks go back and forth
every day Israel supplies Gaza with
basic utilities electricity natural gas
things of that sort but it's a different
country so there were mass riots
fomented by Hamas
with the instruction just to walk across
the border infiltrate into Israel and
that's a different country it just
doesn't happen that way and some of
these Hamas protesters were just
protesters some of them were just people
who got caught up in it I see from news
reports that Hamas sent up more than
100,000 text messages encouraging people
to come and walk to the Israeli border
and saying that the Israeli border
guards had abandoned their positions and
were retreating so Hamas was telling its
civilians you can just walk on through
Hamas was also giving people directions
to the loop to the closest civilian
residences presumably to do with Hamas
does which is kill the Jews so there
were some I suppose ordinary gazans who
got caught up in this but of course any
of those who came to riot and infiltrate
the border were actual terrorists many
of them were armed either with small
arms or Molotov cocktails or things of
that sort so put that New York Daily
News back on I just wanted to give the
full context they put that front page
back on this is in New York City a city
with a million Jews daddy's little ghoul
as if it was Ivanka's fault the rioters
you could call them protesters but when
you have a molotov cocktail when you
have small arms that that's typically
not a protester now it's a riot they're
governed by and directed by a terrorist
group Hamas is a terrorist group in the
United States according to their laws
and in Canada too so it's something like
this was a group of you know Greenpeace
protesters this was a terrorist group
so to blame evanka that this was her
fault and let me read this sub headline
there 55 slaughtered in Gaza but Ivanka
all smiles at Jerusalem embassy unveils
so that implies they were slaughtered
now some of them were civilians and they
were shot by Israeli snipers before they
could
we'll trade the border it's true but
slaughtered by whom and for what is
Hamas not culpable for this telling
their people to go up against an armed
border against the terrorist state this
implies that Ivanka Trump not only
caused the death of 55 if you believe
Hamas propaganda I don't we'll just have
to take the word of a terrorist group
that was 55 slaughtered by whom and that
Ivanka should perhaps have let that
Hamas terrorist propaganda effort wipe
the smile off her face and turn this
historic occasion
into a day of mourning or as the Arabs
would say an acaba a day of tragedy this
is more overheated than the Arab press
then the press in Saudi Arabia Qatar
Egypt Jordan which don't care or if they
were a critic of this this is so over
the top
it's so cool as the goulds here are not
Ivanka the cool says the Daily News I
wonder how this goes over in New York
City a city with a million Jews and I
think there Trump derangement syndrome
plus their anti-israel derangement
finally combined and it's just so so
gross but the only people who can top
that is the leading liberal newspaper in
Israel itself called hot aretz which is
the Hebrew word for the land this tweet
says it'll hold the street up there the
Trump administration which openly
supports Israel's alt-right government
continues years of us coddling okay now
you just got to keep this up there
because I want people to say this is
real this is not a parody site you see
that little blue checkmark this
indicates that this is in fact a real
hot RS tweet this is not like some Hamas
tweets so the trumpet Minister which
openly supports Israel of deal with word
all right in a second can you believe
this people the United States openly
supports Israel they're not ashamed of
it it's not it's not like a on the down
low
yeah I'll support you but only secretly
I'm so ashamed of you in public but yeah
we're secret friends can you believe the
hood spot of the Trump administration -
Oakland police support it's really the
only democratic liberal who stayed in
the whole region a reliable military
ally but by the way requires no US
troops on the ground I should point out
there are US troops on the ground in for
example Turkey there's the Incirlik Air
Base there are hundreds of US military
bases around the world there is no US
military base in Israel Israel relies on
America for a number of things in its
defense but there are no American
soldiers in Israel defending Israel from
the Arabs there are American soldiers in
Turkey until Donald Rumsfeld took them
out that were American soldiers in Saudi
Arabia there are American soldiers of
course in Iraq in Syria itself actuators
Americans in the United Arab Emirates in
Qatar in all of these places not in
Israel so yeah
Haaretz is outraged if Donald Trump
would yeah but it's crazy that that is
written by an Israeli newspaper whose
very name Harrods means the land which
implies that there used to be some sort
of Zionist spark they put that back up I
want to read the second half of the
tweet the Trump administration which
openly supports Israel's alt-right
alt-right government I'm going to leave
the outright for US continues years of
us coddling um is moving your embassy to
your nation's capital coddling look if
if Haaretz doesn't want Israel to exist
if Haaretz doesn't believe Jerusalem is
not only the capital of modern State of
Israel but the capital of the Jewish
people going back to the Bible I mean
just pick up your Bible and and look
where the word Zion comes from it's
Mount Zion I mean if you no longer
believe that Jerusalem is the capital of
the State of Israel if you no longer
believe that it's the capital of the
Jews if you no longer believe the Bible
why are you in Israel I've event an
accident and if you hate us so much why
don't you leave
if you don't believe that Israel is a
legitimate country why are you there why
don't you go somewhere else either go to
Europe or North America or move to to an
Arab country why don't you move to the
West Bank why do you move to the Gaza
Strip
I too have that self loathing that
suicide as an official opinion of the
largest liberal newspaper in Israel is
such a sickness I don't think that
speaks for mainstream Israelis but that
is the mainstream newspaper and then the
last they put the tweet up just one more
time it's I just had to say this for
last let me read the whole tweet one
more time the Trump administration which
openly supports Israel's alt-right
government continues years of us
conflicts alts rights what is all right
what does it mean two years ago I I
think it meant and it certainly meant to
me just any alternative right-wing point
of view so against the Republican
establishment what I thought all right
in 2016 I thought of troublemakers like
Miley innopolis I thought of Breitbart
says the ban and taking on the GOP
establishment after a Trump was elected
I think alt-right took on a more sour
tone and it started to be dominated not
by playful you know libertarian
troublemakers like Milo but by racists
I think that's the alt-right brand at
its core and I don't think this is what
it was during the 2016 election but it's
it's racist I mean the the march in
Charlottesville was racist and I think
it was explicitly so and anti-semitic
there was a chant in the Charlottesville
March the Jews will not replace
it's it's an anti-semitic anti-black
ideology how can a Jew named Benjamin
Netanyahu democratically elected by the
Jewish state
how can he be alright I mean maybe if
this was 2016 I would say oh I get it
because he's a real conservative and
he's a bit of a dissident or something
but I don't think that's what all right
means in 2018 that tweet is implying
that I don't know what's it implying
that Benjamin Netanyahu is racist I did
I don't think he is anti-semitic I'm
gonna say nope on that I don't think the
Prime Minister of the Jewish state is
any Semitic why would Haaretz call
Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli
government all right
just in terms of race an enormous number
of Israelis about a million or more are
Arab Jews the Jews from Arab lands who
physically look dark-skinned Morocco
Algeria Tunisia Egypt Iraq there was
quite a large that use community in
Baghdad Persian Jews many of them were
driven out of the Arab and Muslim world
to Israel they are dark-skinned they're
part of the governments in the most
senior ranks until recently the
President of Israel was a Persian Jew
how how can that let me see you brown
and Jewish how can you be alright and
this is a charge leveled by how harness
I see a super jacket comment from Keith
McIntosh with a hundred Mexican pesos
thank you for that any truth to the
rumor the Scottish pug put something
guess you're referring to count thank
you
bulldogger is very funny um my point is
what is it even mean when a Jewish
newspaper in Israel is calling Israel's
government alright I don't even think
those things mean anything anymore other
than I guess that's just the smear of
the day it's just really really weird to
call Benjamin Netanyahu a Jew the Jewish
Prime Minister with a multiracial party
I mean this is the the country that
brought in black choose from Ethiopia on
ass airlifted them it just it doesn't
make sense but I think it goes to the
moral bankruptcy and the rhetorical
bankruptcy of the left if all they can
do is call you racist they don't got a
lot and when you're calling your Yahoo
any submitted grazes you're out of gas
guys you're out of gas but I I think
that what looks insane to you and me in
Haaretz in the New York Daily News
that's this anti Trump derangement
syndrome this Benjamin Netanyahu
derangement syndrome
and it's all in this big stew of the
left I think that accurately represents
the center of the US Democrats and and
the Corbin Labor Party it's so glad she
was taking a short break we've got an ad
a new one for drunk are doing the show
tonight check this out yeah an
off-the-cuff Declassified Robert
Muller's conflicts of interest grow this
time with a Russian oligarch Patrick how
the editor-in-chief of big-league
politics joins me to discuss that and
new discoveries in Hillary's previously
lost emails turkeys Iran is recalling
Turkish ambassador to the United States
and Israel and Benjamin Netanyahu had
some pretty harsh words after it
happened and the left is still
hysterical over a citizenship question
on the next US census a Commerce
Secretary will Burroughs tells them
hey that's my buddy John Cardillo he
leads up our US team former NYPD cop is
based in Florida covers the blue lives
matter beat very strong on national
security u.s. politics he's active in
Republican circles
I really recommend the show I don't know
if he watched his show but may I
recommend you do it he's very big on
Twitter - he's got a great following and
he he really gets into the fights he's a
real Magga god I make America great
again and he's been very strong on these
really - so I recommend watching your
show let me remind you what we're doing
every day from 12:00 noon to 1:00 p.m.
Eastern Time I just sit down here in
front of the mic and we have a lightly
produced show what I mean by that not a
lot of produce segments we just run some
video clips or show some websites as
we've done I try and read your comments
if you want yours to stand out because
it's just there rolling by here right I
got them on my my screen but I don't
really stop and read them box attic
Muslims believe Jesus was born of a
virgin but he sought the savior Mary has
looked at highly Muslim Oh Oh No
talks about that that's an interesting
point if you read the Koran and I
recommend you do I recommend you read
Tommy Robinson's version called
Muhammad's Quran best-selling book he
really gets in there and annotate so I
think it's important to read an
annotated Koran it's like it's like
reading a really dense Shakespeare work
it helps to have a little bit of
explanation of some of the terms you
will see you will see in Islam you'll
see Mary you'll see Jesus you'll see
Jacob you'll see Abraham they have
different names Miriam
ISA instead of Jesus and Yaqoob Ibrahim
and said Abraham so yeah you'll see all
the regular characters from the New
Testament from the Jewish Torah but the
story's a bit different they're
considered prophets of Islam but they're
all subordinate to Muhammad it's quite a
thing and yeah it's it's an interesting
read I I recommend people read the Quran
because how can you know what's in it
and how can you speak authoritative Lee
about it unless you do I think people
would be surprised what's in the Quran
especially if you've grown up in the
West just casually reading the Bible
this thing two passages from the Bible
at church even just hearing I mean I
don't think a lot of people just sit
down and study the Bible carefully
anymore
than small percentage of people who
would regard themselves as practicing
Christians but I think anyone who's at
least familiar with the Christian Bible
would be shocked by the militaristic
tone of the Koran
how about read it and let me know what
you think I want to get back to the Gaza
attack I use the word protest I don't
think that's an accurate phrase there
are no protests in Gaza it's an
authoritarian regime it's a theocratic
dictatorship there was one election once
in Gaza and the Hamas terrorists are on
the place ever since there is no freedom
of the press there's no freedom of
religion of course there is no freedom
of assembly so when you have a protest
that really means you have a propaganda
exercised by the Hamas a terrorist group
I want to I want to show you someone
else who had this terminological
challenge on MSNBC was it a protest and
how big of a weapon can you bring for a
protester to be called a protester and
is this the first recorded case in
American media history of someone on
MSNBC being totally cool with assault
rifles take a look well Katie what I
hear just yesterday and last Friday was
horrible violence you saw tens of
thousands of young people crossing
fields between the urban part of Gaza
and the Israeli border essentially
trying to walk across this heavily
militarized border unarmed now as you
know it's it's easy to say they were
completely unarmed they had some light
weapons a lot of them would be burning
tires are rolling tires to try to melt
the razor wire
they had slingshots they had a new and
crazy invention incendiary kites where
they would try to loft kites and with
and set them on fire to try to light up
some of the agricultural fields beyond
the border with Israel but these were
hardly the kind of weapons that could
frighten any Israeli soldier who were
armed paper rifles and who later on in
this afternoon we're using artillery to
fire not only near some of the Hamas
locations that they had identified but
even near us about a hundred metres next
to me and mighty
this afternoon we were nearly hit by
some artillery so it's it's kind of hard
to imagine how these Israeli troops
could have been threatened by a lot of
these young people who were really not
peacefully demonstrating but peacefully
by the by comparison to the Israeli
soldiers and indeed no Israeli soldier
has been killed and nearly a hundred
Palestinians have died in the past seven
weeks of protesting hey guys they were
just lightly armed protesters haven't
come on why are you so square and why
don't you just chill a bit I mean they
were only lightly armed and as msnb said
MSNBC said it's not the kind of weapons
that could inflict a lot of damage on
people so come on chill out man I mean
yeah you can't even have a graham
cracker or a cookie cut into the shape
of a firearm you can't even bring a
water pistol to school or make a gun
with your finger in Liberal American
schools will be arrested
but hey yeah these Hamas protesters
they're only lightly armed and by the
way no Jews were killed so come on I
mean I want to say something is so
obvious that that it needs to be said
because I don't think people saying I'm
Gaza I mentioned before there's no
freedom of the press there so that MSNBC
reporter was based in gasps and if he
were in Israel where there's more
reporters per population than any other
the world actually he would speak freely
reporters in Israel criticized Israel
all the time and they are free to do so
and there's no threat to them either
legally or physically in fact I would
say the vast majority of international
reporters in Israel are as critical of
Israel as the Washington press gallery
is critical ton it's like 90 percent
hostile but to be a reporter in Gaza
it's very different you can't just go
into Gaza it like I say it as a closed
society it's an authoritarian regime you
need the permission of Hamas you need
their permission you have to be vetted
by them and if you do a report that does
not please them at best you'll be it
ejected at worst you could be subject to
violence so the very fact that that
MSNBC reporter was reporting with the
approval and permission of Hamas tells
you right away that he is submitting to
their regime if he were on the Israeli
side he could say whatever he wants you
cannot say whatever you want on the
Kansas side let me just end with an
obvious question which is if you had a
thousand troops that were lately armed
on the on the border of the United
States with Mexico - do you think do you
think that the United States border
guard would just let them walk through
lightly armed I don't know I have
another headline I washed shirts from
the Washington Post can we put that up
for a bit Israelis killed more than 50
Palestinians in Gaza protests health
officials say um now again I don't know
how many Palestinians were killed in
these riots and I'm not sure if quoting
Hamas health officials is reliable but
you see that the take here Israelis kill
50 Palestinians
the riots no no talk about the attempt
to march across a foreign border let's
say there's a quote from this I'd like
the pathologist a quote from it at a
gathering point east of Gaza City
organizers urged protesters over
loudspeakers to burst through the fence
telling them Israeli soldiers were
fleeing their positions even as they
were reinforcing them I referred to this
earlier I talked about the text messages
over a hundred thousand text messages
whipping up the people um do you think
that that headline is an accurate
reflection of the of the salient points
in this story if if you had quote
organizers they don't say Hamas
terrorists because that would be too
much for the Jeff Bezos Washington Post
but what do you make of the culpability
of Hamas organizers because again
there's so there's no political
association there's no freedom of
assembly in hamas it's a terrorist
occasion so those organizers would be
Hamas terrorists what do you think the
responsibility is when Hamas terrorists
are telling women and children I don't
know why you would bring women and
children to a riot to seek martyrdom
telling them to go to march against an
international border that is being
reinforced by troops but it's Israelis
who are culpable well hey why should the
Washington Post be any more generous
towards Israel than the New York Daily
News or I said before that Hamas really
can't do significant military damage to
Israel they can do horrific terrorist
damage they could lob missiles at
civilians that move for a while was to
dig tunnels under the border pop up and
literally do rage to kill people or even
more horrific ly take them in the in a
kid
napping back into guessin but the real
power is through the media the Western
media you saw how effectively they
played The Washington Post and MSNBC
there's a phrase Polly wood it's it's
it's like Palestinian Hollywood it's
it's the sophisticated spin of Hamas let
me show you one outtake from Gaza that
was not supposed to be seen I'm not sure
who caught this footage if it was an
Israeli soldier or someone but see you
see that poor man walking on the
crutches and then he and then he just
starts running he starts running and
dodging he's running and dodging oh my
god it's the hole that he's been healed
he's being healed everybody yeah I mean
you could say he's playing around but
he's not he's part of the pally wood
narrative of there's a poor injured man
who the Israelis are shooting at I guess
he was just joking around playing around
he's not paralyzed after all he was at
he was just having a little bit too much
fun and there's someone running up to
him saying hey buddy hey buddy don't you
you're on film
don't don't show that you're not
actually
I want to play our another ad for you I
think today was it yesterday or is it
today the last day for our early
yesterday was the last day for our early
bird pricing for the rebel I'm sorry
about that if you missed it but there's
still lots of tickets at our regular
prices and I got to say our regular
prices are still so cheap I don't even
know what we're doing because we're
barely covering the cost of all the food
like you get a breakfast and a lunch and
free parking and a full day of about a
dozen great speakers here's the ad for
the rebel live if you're in Toronto or
anywhere near it you'll for sure want to
come here's an ad for the rebel live
including some clips from last year's
conference we're gonna discuss topics
that the political elites in the media
party don't want us to discuss political
correctness be damned
enough of a principle died the world by
perhaps we are in better touch with the
pulse of the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in this fight together
it is over the last few years has been
this populist movement going around the
world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times most
modernism is a sophisticated philosophy
now if it's raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
hey welcome back is 1233 we're doing our
diligent chat we call it battleground
from 12 noon to 1 p.m. Eastern Time I
just sit down here play some clips play
some ads to tell you what we're up to
and I look at the comments if you want
your comment highlighted in a pretty
color you can chip in too much 5 bucks
or a fella earlier putting 200 Mexican
pesos YouTube sends it to us in our own
local currency so it helps us pay our
bills um sometimes I read any old
comment and Friday is we call it our
Friday free-for-all where I almost
exclusively become its I see there's a
fellow named Azure and he says hey
answer America first Israel Firsters
have no place in our government or media
and I'm not anti-semitic
I'm counter Semitic long live Hezbollah
other comments like that um I am a
Canadian so I'm a Canada first or I
guess but I support America first
because of course America is the leading
democracy in the world and our closest
allies so I understand the meaning of
America first I I would say I'm in
America first or as a Canadian by that I
mean I think the United States should
not be part of globalist treaties like
the warming treaty that Trump took
America out of I think multilateral
agreements are usually not to America's
benefit usually bilateral agreements are
better you even look at how Donald Trump
is dealing with North Korea and Iran
directly rather than through these weak
coalition's of the unwilling I believe
in strong borders if I haven't made that
clear
even strong borders between the Israel
and Gaza and strong borders between the
United States and Mexico and we
desperately need a strong border between
Canada and the United States because
we're taking all the self deported
rabble that are fleeing Donald Trump's
execution that you say there's no room
for Israel firsters in our government or
me
um I don't I don't know if there's any
Israel Firsters in your government I
presume here in American Donald Trump is
certainly in America first there but I I
think there is room for all points of
view in the media and to say otherwise
is frankly contrary to the First
Amendment I don't believe in
anti-semitism and or counter Semitism
which is your foolish word I think
that's a that's just that's just a
bigotry if you have an argument to make
against Israel or for Hamas put the
argument but simply simply being
antipathetic to a race I don't think
that's sufficient a few more comments
are reading and I've got I'm gonna
switch gears because we spent a lot of
time talking about Jerusalem and Gaza
but I think it was the big story
yesterday and it's very interesting to
see dark sky says Hopkins was a good
hiring choice thanks very much he
referring to Katie Hopkins from the UK
you can see all the kitty Hopkins
columns and videos and our specialty
website for her maybe we can call that
up and show on the screen guys it's just
Hopkins world.com and she recently went
to molenbeek which is a part of Brussels
the capital of Belgium which is an
overwhelmingly Muslim location I just
Muslim but extremists not just in
de facto Sharia law but the fact that it
has thrown up on the screen just to take
a look see there you go you can see the
sheet hora burka in molenbeek and here's
what happened that's she went outside
where the battle an attack was planned
she confronted the mayor of there's some
just great work there and of course
she's coming to Toronto on June 2nd for
the rebel live she does all sorts of
interesting work so that's at Austin's
world economy glad you like her dark
sisters notice my comment the rebel has
sucked since you got rid of faith okay
well that's your opinion we have a lot
of different talent here at the rebel
and you can take it or leave it so
obviously you're still taking it if
you're watching if you're watching here
if Muslim women don't like weed how come
they're always getting stoned that's
what MC HL Smith says that's sort of
funny but it's also a terribly sad isn't
it
Jonathan Bryan president Trump is the
first world leader to make peace with
world word and not war hippie should
love him isn't that the true thing I
mean he's de-escalated North Korea to
the point where North Korea is releasing
hostages pledging to disassemble his
nukes within weeks he's gone he brought
50 Arab leaders together in Saudi Arabia
there's a wrap on going on with Israel
you if he was a liberal he would have
had the two Nobel Prizes by now that's a
very good point
Lauren Southern says did you go to
Ryerson I did not but our David Menzies
didn't he'll have Jack Vanderpool says
can someone explain why rebel media
ain't successful like it used to be a
year ago well I'm not sure what that
means successful there's different ways
to measure success there's editorial
success political success commercial
success journalistic success you have to
explain why you don't think we're
successful we have new people joining us
and
this year we had a ton of great videos
from dr. Sebastian Gorky he's a little
bit busy so he's not doing them a daily
basis anymore Katie Hopkins joined us
this year John Cardillo ramped up to a
full-time show out of Hollywood we have
been Davies and Amanda head so we
actually get with Rob Jim shock doing a
daily video out of Washington DC so a
lot of American content on the Canadian
side David Menzies doing more videos
than ever so um you know I mean over we
were three and a half years old and we
have had some staff turnover and we've
brought aboard a new town we're always
on the hunt for new talent but you're
here and I guess that's what cancer
Gary come per says I liked Thank You
Phil this isn't the leave me a rebel is
missing it's a bit more optimism that's
what people need fair enough you know um
optimism or hope might be a better word
I think you're right we need to be
hopeful I think there are some hopeful
signs frankly I think in world affairs
Donald Trump is very College for hope I
think in Canada the pendulum is swinging
back against the Liberals I'm hopeful
that Ontario Kathleen Wynne will lose
the election next month I'm almost
certain that Rachel Notley will lose the
election in Alberta next year I think
Justin Trudeau I'm not hopeful enough
that he will lose the next election but
I think
the shine has come off that shiny pony
I see Joyce Reeves as a comments or not
a comment just a super shot for ten
bucks thanks very much if you have a
comment I'll try to read it Gary come
versus as are you doing an awesome job
keep up the good work thanks very much
Michael Smith said it is very sad
because there is hidden truth in the
statement that's the point I want to
show you just may be the dumbest story I
mean on the internet there's no winner
to the contest of dumbest story of the
day dumbest tweet of the day it is a
bottomless pit of stupid would you agree
with me especially Twitter where
everyone has their hot takes their
white-hot takes and the crazy or your
hot take and the faster you write it and
the more insane it is the more buzz it
will again let me show you what I think
is the craziest heartache yesterday on
Twitter this is actually reported in the
Scottish Sun which is a sister of
London's Sun I mean it's at fight Nicola
Sturgeon vows to curb junk food
promotions by he banning two-for-one
pizzas as she meets TV chef Jamie Oliver
the First Minister of Scotland pledged
to tackle multi buy promos as she
announced a target of having child
obesity by 22
that's pretty dumb I mean I just trying
to think of what I could possibly say
that that shows that to be as some as it
is I think it I think it just speaks for
itself what was that what was that time
for that every woman said what was the
tagline they had there at the very top
there fat fight that's right Bradley so
my first point is thank god we've got
Nicola Sturgeon worried about
two-for-one pizza deals because she has
cleared everything less important off
her desk
to tackle this crisis unemployment
terrorism North Korea Russia Israel not
that Scotland would have much to say
about those things perhaps no no no
that's not important what's important is
two-for-one pizza why pizza
why pizza why not other foods you know
there's a certain snobbery I wrote a
book about the decade ago called the war
on fun I don't even know you can get
that online anymore and and I remember
writing about tobacco and you know
what's really low class is cigarettes
right but you know it's really high
class cigars and you know what's totally
hipster pipes
you see those bloody hipsters with their
quarter or jackets with the shoulder pad
or the elbow patches smoking a pipe is
it's so frustrating I just when I see
that I did bread and cigars how this I
don't know if it's still a magazine that
paid attention involvement cigar
aficionado
that is the high luxury high-end luxury
high-class tobacco magazine isn't cigar
aficionado
I mean it's it's it's not cigarette
weakly its cigar aficionado and all your
social justice warriors love to be on
the cover of cigar aficionado Arnold
Schwarzenegger obviously you know the
top singer 25 cigars of 2017 yeah so I
guess cigar aficionado is still online
yeah click on some of the covers let's
look at some of the covers because they
always have Churchill of course he was a
great smoker but but scroll down and
look at some of the other covers they've
always have the cools we keep going keep
going down there's that michael jordan i
don't know who maggie siff is that's how
out of it I am click that let's just
look at some more because I wanted to
show you how cooler this Schwarzenegger
you can't find a more annoying
environmentalist do gooder than
Schwarzenegger these days I honestly
don't even know who Sun Ray Lewis
obviously about anybody my point is
started is that it's cool if you smoke
cigars you're cool but nothing is less
cool than cigarettes if you drink a fine
wine that's cool but if you drink a
cheap beer you're low-class
and I put it to you it's the same way
with fatty foods if you have a fine pate
de foie gras and afterwards I have the
finest cheesecake my demo I said would
you like another part or would you like
an afternoon after-dinner cigar my damn
well then you're just all clients aren't
you
but you're a you're a severely normal
normal working-class bloke who wants a
pizza and he sees a two-for-one deal and
says okay I got a whole family I was
gonna order - anyways
this looks like it's cheaper I'll go for
the two-for-one pizza that is so
low-class you have to have you can't you
know it's I think there's a classism
mayor and all of Jamie Oliver's pretense
to being just a regular guy he's the
biggest damn hypocrite around do you see
my analogy pipe is hipster cigar is the
cool kids you with the high class and
cigarettes are for the white trash
that's the implication and it's the same
thing with this war on food you the day
the fancy people who are calling for you
not to have your two-for-one pizzas the
game the day they give up their fine
cheeses like what's wrong with pizza
okay the cheese has got fat in it yeah
all right well you tell me when they're
gonna give up they're fine burry it
that's what the cheese snobs in a way I
think they want they're come on bail
they're fine blue cheese ax Monsieur is
very fine but you want some mozzarella
and a pizza
there's a bit of a that's a bit of a
classism there isn't there that's my
view let's just take a look at the clock
I'm chatting about pizzas I'm getting
hungry you know what I do the show I
haven't had my lunch yet
no wonder I'm talking about two-for-one
pizzas let's take a look at some of the
comments she Lagaan I'm here for the
accents thank you very much
you know I don't get me started on my
Caribbean accent because then I will get
in
a human rights complaint but I say not
of love I mean in fact when I'm in the
Caribbean I feel like I'm sort of at
home let's read some comments it didn't
Stalin smoked cigars a lot of people
smoked cigars I mean Castro obviously
Cuba is famous for cigars George Burns
smoked the 13 big cheap Mexican cigars
every day I didn't lift into his
nineties did me how about good crack and
bad crack well you know what you're
joking around but cocaine versus crack
what are the difference in sentences
that's a Marxist leftist critique but
there's probably some truth to it
but if you're a fancy person you're
probably using the finer powdered
cocaine as opposed to crack I don't know
enough about that MSNBC Canadian girl
writes MSNBC hates Israel I think that's
that's sort of standard for all media
including as I prove to you how hard so
Lauren southern spelt the masculine way
Ezra's going to be up on cultural
appropriation charges for his accents
you are so right on that but as I point
out to anyone who talks about cultural
appropriation is if you're speaking
English and if you sign your checks 2018
which is measured from Jesus's birthday
you're culturally appropriating Anglo
Christian history if you're wearing a
suit rather than I don't know whatever
your ethnic garb is you're appropriate
it and that's what culture is it's
appropriating sharing learning evolving
together as people as humans Wayne
Daniel my granddad always said all pizza
is posh cheese on toast you know what
good well that's right
you know you'd call it a crostini ah
senior resident it would you like some
crostini yeah and I'll pay double for it
would I pay at Pizza Pizza or Domino's
and that way Jamie Oliver you don't
think Jamie Oliver has the fattiest
cheesiest recipes he just doesn't like
working-class food affordable to
working-class I remember when I went to
when I was a teenager one of my first
job one of my favorite jobs of all time
was being a waiter in sort of a amid
Stratus semi fast-food restaurant in in
Calgary Canada called
URLs URLs tin palace and it was sort of
fake find food like they had tablecloths
but they weren't linen and I can't
remember maybe a tablecloth but it was
he was pretend
fancy but it was still for I loved
working there as a way to work there for
four years summer said the evenings when
I was in school I remember the manager
on our first day when we were being
trained in let me check the time 12:40 I
got time for the story we were talking
about the price of an Earl's hamburger
and this is 20 years ago so let's say
the price was like 895 or something
there's a really good Amber's a little
bit government girls hamburgers were
great and and he was talking about the
Big Mac or and he said which is a better
value and he so this isn't it this was
the boss of pearls which was sort of an
affordable fancy restaurant and I was
just 18 or whatever I was working there
as a waiter I was totally in the girls
it was very exciting first job as a
waiter and he said no don't be a snob
McDonald's dollar for dollar is the best
value out there like he went so he was
at a slightly fancy restaurant and he
was given a mad shout-out to McDonald's
and if you look for what you spent at
amigaos Big Mac it's actually dollar for
dollar the best value you're gonna get
for hamburgers and if you're just trying
to buy a nutrition for your family in
terms of affordability in the entire
sweep of history is there a more
affordable time to eat then today and
yeah you don't want to eat junk food all
the time but my point is what's the
difference between a Big Mac and a
hamburger that you buy at a fancy
restaurant that has maybe a fancier
cheese it's got the same fat in the meat
it's got the same fancy sauces if you go
to these fancy places that's snobbery
and I'm getting hungry
okay I can break for lunch in ten
minutes let's read some more comments
Jackie sharp no such thing as bad pizza
just some that we like better than
others kind of like if
enough entry required I make our pizza
dough and sauce from scratch we can have
it any day that week with whatever
topping me want okay thank you very much
my point here is that Jamie Oliver and
Nicola Sturgeon are going to ban twofer
and that's just so stupid I mean so then
you have are you gonna ban four three
four ones or maybe you just have a
half-price deal it's not even that
people are necessarily eating more it's
just a marketing gimmick it's just a way
of getting people to pay an extra dollar
or something it's not like two-for-one
pizza is any more calorie rich than one
for one pizza and people are gonna eat
as much as they are gonna eat if they're
hungry
there's the levels of stupid here okay
stop everybody I know you want to talk
about unemployment and I know you want
to talk about taxes and I know you want
to talk about moral issues from gay
marriage to abortion to transgenderism
and I know you want to talk about
Foreign Affairs and I know you want to
talk about creeping Islam but everybody
you're just gonna have to wait because
I'm just putting all of you on the back
burner until we deal with the crisis in
Scotland today which is two-for-one
pizza deals because the great scholar
Jamie Oliver is here today and he has
deeply touched my soul and I and I never
really knew what my call to office was
why was I in public service until Jamie
told me it's to BAM two-for-one coupons
by the way if they really are a deal so
you're making food more affordable if
someone wants pizza they're gonna get
the goddamn pizza and at best a turn at
worst a two-for-one pizza deal it's just
cheaper the snobbery the stupidity the
social engineering my book a dozen years
ago was called the war on front and
Jamie Oliver for all his pretense of
being a fun guy it's just a bit of a
manipulative creep who wants to social
engineer what I eat you know what we got
it we got a little kitchen here at the
office I'm gonna look in there I don't
think we have any frozen pizza well you
know what we do we probably got pizza
pockets and just to spite Jamie Oliver
I'm gonna have me some pizza and I'm
gonna have to instead that's the
opposite of a hunger strike if I some
people when they get mad and they have a
hunger strike for protest when I get mad
I actually I stress eat and I'm gonna
eat two pizzas instead of one that's my
scientists am I not very silent protest
against Jamie Oliver and Nicola Sturgeon
and so 53 let's read some more comments
what's the carbon footprint of a pizza
well there you go Gary comer says ban
chew for once is just okay so you know
it's it would just doesn't make sense so
yeah you're still gonna say you're still
gonna sell large pizzas and let's say
you ban an extra-large pizza okay so
someone will just buy two small pizzas
well you just I have these people done
anything in real life do they live in
real life uh ally Clark says laughable
answer thank you
top shelf who gets the three pizzas to
eat anyways besides a large family yeah
yeah what business is it of the state by
what right by what were you know
Scotland
I've never been to Scotland being to the
lower parts of the UK myself I've never
been for the north and Newcastle
Manchester with with Tommy some of our
interesting trips up there I'd love to
go to Scotland I can't get enough of
that Scottish accent and so much of the
free world is because of Scotland
whether it's Adam Smith or so much of
the history and I just there's so many
things I like about Scotland including
Canada which is basically a Scottish
creation the Scots had won half the
French and the other they built Canada
and so many of our most wonderful
characteristics are Scottish in nature
but I say to you that the Scotland of
the past the Scotland that was so key to
the Industrial Revolution the capitalist
revolution and the founding of Canada is
not to Scotland today the Scotland today
are a bunch of whiny socialists small I
mean if if your big deal is banning
two-for-one pizzas
you've come down a bit in the world
since Adam Smith haven't you you've come
down a bit in the world all right I see
there's a super Chet Ezra's first two
regulars keep up the good work
after Chad opened to all thanks for the
pound 99 John shilling this was
passionate about his food this is great
stuff and if you require Doki cart with
potato peeler in Scotland I was talking
about this the other day I mean I fall
about ten British and and UK police
forces and they're on this you know
there's warpath against knives and
because of course you ban guns and
people use the knives you ban the eyes
people use acid whatever I mean people
are going to hurt each other no matter
what
it goes back to Cain and Abel I suppose
you could ban rocks too but there's too
many of them to ban so there's there's
all these police forces tweeting
pictures of like garden tools oh my god
oh my god alright
12:55 do we have time for one more ad I
wanna do we have the save the Christians
ad hey guys I want to tell you it's
ready it's finally ready I'm not sure I
told you before our save the Christians
documentary is now for sale it's done
it's ready
we had the premiere in in Toronto and
then we have the Western premiere in
Calgary and now you can order it DVD if
you're old-school like me or if you're
really fancy video-on-demand it's ready
save the Christians calm we have little
ad take a look
measurement
so I had the Nassau developer silver has
been another battle in the planning
Colorado
we should
well available soon how soon how soon is
now mr. Hanna let's chew that's changed
that add to say available now at save
the Christians calm I'm very proud of
that documentary it's our first
documentary effort it's a one-hour
documentary it's TV talk for 45 minutes
and I hope you like it I hope you like
it I think in the plight of Christians
in the Muslim world is underreported I
think that
in my view is that the United Nations
doesn't give a damn about Christian
refugees or Yazidis really there were
another religious denomination
I think we do I think we do and that we
went to Iraq to show it
we're almost done is 1258 we're gonna
finish a sharp at 1:00 p.m. and we'll be
back somewhere we're gonna we're
tweaking things we're tweaking things I
see some comments about the audio we'll
see if we can fix that
Wow we are Amy hopefully this week to
add streams on periscope and Facebook
lives so will triple the ways people can
be part of this chat a couple minutes
left I'll just read a few more Lauren
said that I want Scott reduce Scottish
accents next show you know I need to I
need to get into the mindset of the
accent before I do it otherwise I get
mixed up I've been I've been doing so
many accidents Australians British
Caribbean French Italian Hebrew Russian
maybe I'll do an accent show maybe then
that will get us so many human rights
complaints ISO 59 Elly Clark says still
issues with notifications yes we've
heard that and I don't know why we've
asked we have an internet or a YouTube
helped her outer who's we've asked him
for advice although I'm not sure if
we've heard back from him yet
top shelf says where can i watch the
documentary save the christians calm
saved the christians calm
are you guys trolling with the volume I
know we are trying to fix that we've had
some complaints about it I obviously
just hear myself through my own voice
but we are aware it our congresses ruin
the Jewish quotes yeah I'm Jewish which
is from Lauren Southern says accent sure
would be a bomb thank you or would bomb
be the bomb or it would bomb those are
different things folks just 1 p.m. and &
1 p.m. couldn't come quick enough I was
about to do some accents and talk about
more for we should have a whole food
show called what's your beef and we'll
just talk about beef we'll save that for
another day we're done it's 1 p.m. I'll
see you tonight at 8 p.m. on my show
behind a paywall I hope you can make it
it's actually a great show we got this
video
I won't come on threw it away we'll see
you tonight at 8 p.m. if not we'll see
it tomorrow 12:00 noon same time same
channel until then on behalf of all of
us here at rubber world headquarters
keep fighting for freedom and
two-for-one pizzas
