we've got a clip from your Michigan
undercover operation we'll show that now
take a look you said there's been like
some motor things I mean I've had where
teachers have pushed kids and pushed
them down Nugent is saying he has seen
this kind of thing before and little or
nothing is done about it there you have
it in Michigan now James the way he was
talking it seems like standard operating
procedure is defend teachers even if or
especially if they actually did it and
in terms of reporting to police to
parents that's sort of the opposite of
what they do I mean it couldn't be
clearer to me yeah the whole the whole
narrative is that they care about the
children and if you question the public
employee unions you hate children or
you're against the children these tapes
seem to indicate that they they don't
like the children that in fact their job
is to protect the worst and the fact
that this guy in the Michigan Education
Association says it's your choice
whether you want to engage in mandatory
reporting that is not a choice what what
what what are the possible how what
possible way could that be a choice if
you're aware of sexual abuse of a child
so this one is a little more subdued
this guy in Michigan is much more
subdued than the man you saw a few
minutes ago in New Jersey but it's the
same issue they're covering up child
abuse and it's in it's the heart and
soul of who these people are it's not an
isolated incident and I guarantee you
that the next 24 hours we will see a
statement we will see a reaction to what
this guy is said and done that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
