and my five chief Andrew Parker has just
told the UK that a terrorist attack has
been stopped every single month since
the Westminster Bridge attacks I was
reading the news last night and it was
talking about a speech that was going to
happen the next morning so it happened
this morning by Andrew Parker the chief
of mi5 and in the speech they said last
night he was going to talk about the
threat of terrorism in the UK and how
one terrorist attack has been stopped
every month since the Westminster Bridge
attacks one terror attack every single
month over the last year or so now if
that isn't a fundamental threat to
everything we are to every level of
society then I don't know what is you
know we've been banging on about this
far-right terrorism threat for ages now
but what we're seeing here is real
terrorist threats happening once a month
now and let's not be you know cautious
about this let's let's be honest and say
that actually these attacks more often
than not are Islamic they are Islamic
and we know why they're happening I
talked about this a few weeks ago
actually about how as Isis is crumbling
in the East they're migrating to the
west and they're utilizing migration
channels the YouTube utilizing the fact
that countries like Germany are just
allowing literally millions of people
through though borders and as they come
over from the east into the West and
then when they get into the UK what do
you think they're gonna do when they're
in the UK I mean it's not just real
terrorism like this but it's different
kinds of jihad financial jihad sex jihad
within the country I mean so none of
this is new non this is surprising but
it is nice to finally have some numbers
one attack every single month and that's
probably not even counting that well
first off it's not counting the attacks
that go through and it's not accounting
for the attacks that the jihadi attacks
that are done by like one person you
know a guy stabbed someone in the tube
station shouting Allahu Akbar it's not
always registered as a terrorist attack
it's usually some guy always got mental
health problems or he's addicted to
drugs or something
so one a month plus the ones that
actually happen plus the ones that
aren't properly recorded as terrorist
attacks and I mean look at this we're
facing this is incredible but what I
noticed about the coverage from last
night compared to the coverage
today is that last night it was all
about terrorism threat terrorism threat
and now it's all about Russia I mean
just look at the news I mean Sky News
here breaks it is precisely what Brad
Amir Putin wants to see mi5 chief BBC
News Russia trying to undermine European
democracies Daily Mail the head of mi5
Andrew Parker will take aim at Vladimir
Putin I mean why are we focusing on
Russia right now I mean okay we can talk
about Russian meddling till the cows
come home I get it I get maybe there's a
an issue for some people that but at the
end of the day were looking at a
life-or-death situation here and we seem
more interested in Russia so let's take
a look at this article from the BBC Park
has said whilst - Isis has now lost its
false Caliphate in its strongholds in
Syria and Iraq tackling the group as a
movement will require sustained
international focus for years to come he
said as I speak today they are seeking
to regroup and the threat seems likely
to persist as I say I've already talked
about this before this the threat will
persist for as long as Isis crumbles in
the East they're gonna make use of where
we're weak in the West and so we went on
to talk about Russia but what I think is
really interesting about this and please
don't call me a conspiracy theorist but
I think it's important to note is that
he started talking about the importance
of the UK dealing with the EU now we're
looking at stories that are taught
sharing how Tereza may is asking for the
public's help on the EU which I'm going
to talk about tomorrow and we're seeing
a struggling brexit process you know
breaks that process is not going well
and this talk about the customs
partnership the customs union and so on
so when the chief of mi5 pipes up and
says quote cooperation between the UK
and other European intelligence services
has never been as important as it is now
in facing up to twin threats posed by
terror groups such as Islamic state and
states such as Russia when I see this
kind of talk I can't help but think is
this a very good way for non greg's a--
tears for pro EU people to try and tap
into the mind of the populist populace
right in the UK and tell them well
is a reason why we shouldn't have full
brakes it you know Isis is happening and
we need to talk to the EU to solve it
well I question that how good is that
you've been on stopping Isis that EU was
basically allowed Isis to persist the EU
has let Isis through its borders and we
need to did work with the EU to stop
this threat
well good is angular Merkel gonna do
with Isis how is she gonna help us with
Isis
well he's angular Merkel gonna do to
stop terrorism if anything she's aiding
it so I see this I do honestly see this
as an attempt to try and get the
populace right on board or well maybe we
do need to work with the European Union
no no we need to bring the EU crashing
down bring it down completely get rid of
traitors like angular Merkel don't work
with the EU maybe we maybe we work with
the leaders in Europe in these countries
that understand the threat go builders
marine lepen and then we work with the
elected leaders in Eastern Europe we
mean hungry we got Viktor Orban in
Poland we've got the law and Justice
Party the new Italian government is
formed from the five star movement and
League amazing Sebastian kurz in Austria
they're the people we need to be working
with to stop terrorism and when we learn
that once a month this country's been
attacked or attempted to be attacked by
terrorists from Isis maybe some other
terrorists as well some of these
far-right terror issues sometimes hear
about when we hear that we are being
attacked so often from this religion an
ideology that obviously hates us and
when we see people dying in our own
streets we see people getting stabbed in
tube stations by mentally ill drug
addicts we know there's a problem and
I'm very sorry Andrew Parker I'm less
interested in Russia I'm less interested
in that right now
I'm more interested in solving this
problem and that means I'm also not
particularly interested in working with
the EU to solve it because they won't
solve it they will never solve it that
you is not interested in solving
terrorism there are leaders in Europe
who are interested and as were seeing in
Hungary in Poland in Italy these people
are coming to power
we will stop terrorism
but it will have nothing to do with the
EU if you want to see more from me and
the rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
