I'm as real van it's May 14th and you're
watching battleground sorry we're a
couple minutes late that's how it is in
live TV unlike our produce shows at 8:00
p.m. Eastern Time great to see you again
it's May 14th which happens to be the
Independence Day for the State of Israel
and it's also the day that Donald Trump
chose to officially and you know
commemorate or lay the cornerstone in
fact of the new US Embassy in Jerusalem
the capital of the modern State of
Israel and the eternal capital of the
Jewish people since biblical times you
know it's a striking groundbreaking
momentous event but it really shouldn't
be I mean why is it strange that you
have your embassy in the capital city of
a foreign country where they say their
capital city is in no other country in
the world but we reject their choice of
the capital in in favor of an of an
enemy's choice of the capital that's
really what it was I should know I'm
gonna play some clips from that today
we're going to talk about a few other
things including a great video from
Brazil of a woman using her own and gun
concealed carry to stop a would-be
robber it's just a great video talking
about ten seconds long but I gotta show
it to you at least twice I wanted to
talk about John Kerry well Donald Trump
is busy moving the embassy to Jerusalem
in Israel John Kerry is busy meeting
with an enemy of the West namely the
senior diplomats of the Islamic Republic
of Iran desperately trying to salvage
Iran's position against Donald Trump's
changes there also have some information
on the latest from the religion of peace
gun messer a knife man in Paris stabs a
bunch of folks kills one before being
shot by police shouting Allah Akbar the
various media though they're still
hunting for the reason why he could have
done what he did
and of course we'll wrap up as we often
do with Teen Vogue which is my favorite
go-to for for politics but without
further ado let me start by playing
we've got a I think one or two clips
here is an image from Donald Trump he
was not there in person in Jerusalem
opening
I don't know ribbon cutting and
foundation-stone and official an
official thing
removing the embassy to Jerusalem almost
immediately after declaring statehood in
1948 Israel designated the city of
Jerusalem as its capital the capital the
Jewish people established in ancient
times so important today Jerusalem is
the seat of Israel's government it is
the home of the Israeli legislature and
the Israeli Supreme Court and Israel's
prime minister and president Israel is a
sovereign nation with the right like
every other sovereign nation to
determine its own capital yet for many
years we fail to acknowledge the obvious
the plain reality that Israel's capital
is Jerusalem on December 6 2017 at my
direction the United States finally and
officially recognized Jerusalem as the
true capital of Israel pretty obvious I
mean you put your embassy where the
other country's capital is as Trump most
matter-of-factly said that's where the
legislature is the Knesset that's where
the Supreme Court is is where the Prime
Minister and president is I should say
while this is regarded as a breakthrough
and I suppose it is presidents going
back decades have all promised that they
would do this to including I should
mention Barack Hussein Obama
he promised to move the embassy it's
sort of a tradition when you're in
fundraising and campaigning no promise
to move your embassy that goes over well
with Jewish donors and with the
Christian Zionists and and allies of
Israel who are neither Jewish nor
Zionist Christians but then just
bringing what was called a waiver and
say well you know what there's there's
very very tense and very sensitive
diplomatic moves afoot so we can't do
that well Donald Trump isn't much for
sensitive diplomatic and bureaucratic
things so he's the first candidate to
actually live up to that pledge and it
was so interesting how little the
skyfall it's like when Donald Trump
withdrew
United States from the UN global warming
scheme the Paris agreement nothing
happened nothing went wrong there were
no riots in the streets
even in the Middle East no one really
cared I mean yes the Hamas run Gaza
Strip has some protests but it's a riot
some shot some missiles but they always
do that there has been no third intifada
there has been no war no one cares and
it shows just how timid and foolish the
establishment consensus has been Donald
Trump smashed that consensus just as he
smashed the consensus on the right way
to deal with North Korea and his doing
with Iran I want to show you a little
bit from Benjamin Netanyahu he is the
Prime Minister of Israel and here's what
he said on today that momentous day what
a glorious day remember this moment this
is history
president Trump by recognizing history
you have made history there were a lot
of Americans there Donald Trump himself
was not he has other things to do the
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was not
he is other things to do probably
related to Iran or North Korea the
Deputy Secretary of State was there of
course Sherrod and Ivanka Trump who
themselves are Jewish by the way so they
probably had a personal connection there
were a lot of congressional and you know
delegates there politicians who are
either supporters of Israel or or have
big Jewish constituencies but look at
this headline in Breitbart Nursing is
confirmed in various other stories as
well not a single Democrat attended the
event Democrats are a no-show for
Jerusalem embassy move I thought can
that possibly be true that's written by
our friend Joel Pollack and I saw from
other sources and I just find it almost
impossible to believe because of course
historically Democrats are the party of
Jews the same way than the party of
blacks and other
minorities and surely if you're in sync
with the Jewish people if you care about
the Jewish people who care about Israel
either for American reasons or Jewish
reasons or Israeli reasons you're going
to go to the unveiling of the
cornerstone for the embassy in Jerusalem
I mean what's that really got to do with
with partisan stripe well it's got a lot
to do where is Chuck Schumer the Jewish
senator from New York who obviously has
an enormous Jewish population where are
Democrats from Florida from California
from Chicago from Atlanta there are a
number of districts I don't think
there's any district in the United
States that is majority Jewish but you
got almost a million Jews in New York
City alone where where are the senior
Democrats where's Bill DeBlasio well I
think it's a statement that the Democrat
Party is no longer for the Jews
strangely American Jews are still for
the Democrats I asked Joel Pollak about
that on the show I said he was reporting
to me and I saw this reporter elsewhere
just how Trump Trump mania has gripped
Israel there's banners there's posters
the professional soccer team in Israel
has renamed itself the Trump squad
they've actually changed the name of
their version of Manchester United or
whatever to add the word Trump to it
that's how Trump mania has taken over
the country it's not just this embassy
move which is symbolic but it's also the
Iran figure Israeli Jews love Trump but
so far u.s. Jews are loving the
Democrats Joel Pollak explain that
saying that people who are nominally or
ethnically Jewish likely have other
identities that are more primary to them
and issues that are more primary to them
than being Jewish or support for Israel
gun control abortion basically most
American Jews are more liberal than they
aren't you
I've seen so many Jews who reflexively
are anti trumpet and they find some
weird excuse ology for not supporting
him even though he is by far the most
pro-israel president in memory I have
this I suppose since the State of Israel
was created in the first place by mr.
Roosevelt where some trimming anyways
what are we doing here just to catch up
we started a couple minutes late today
it's 12:11 every weekday we're still
trying it out because you know the
numbers are not there and I see in the
comments people are not getting the
notifications that they are supposed to
get from YouTube we have over 900
thousand YouTube subscribers but a lot
of people are saying they're not getting
the little alert Bell that we have this
daily chat so we're trying to fix that
we are also planning we've decided to
add a Facebook live stream and a
periscope live stream so hopefully we
will triple our audience I think it's
fun I like sitting down here for an hour
and keep it sing and taking some
comments and running some clips without
a lot of preparation is loosey-goosey
it's just a fun hour from 12:00 to 1:00
Eastern and then I do my proper show at
8 p.m. and let me just explain briefly
the comments there's a lot of comments
going on the screen here I see them out
of the corner of my eye but course I'm
looking in the camera and I do on Friday
we really get a lot of the comments and
if you want your calm and to stand out
Google has something called you super
chat which you chip in two bucks three
bucks five bucks the other day someone
put in 50 bucks there's one right there
Chazz 1422 and you can see did you see
that where it just happened there so
Chazz 14:22
for 20 bucks thank you very much that
comment is in a bright highlight so I'm
looking here but I see it out of the
corner of my eye I don't see a comment
attached to it says if you want to add
one and I'll read it so what does that
do well number one it's its financial
support for the rebel appreciate that
we're a hundred percent user supported
we don't get any government money and
like most working covers and number two
is fun it's fun I meant we'll stick out
and I'll be sure to read it
whether it's friendly or critical I'll
read it either way so that's what super
chat means we also try and get a few
video clips through and we have a few
house ads I call them just as for what
we're doing in fact
why don't we do that because today is I
should just tell you today is the last
day for early bird pricing for our rebel
live event in Toronto obviously we have
a lot of viewers around the world thank
you very much for that support we're
headquartered here in Toronto Canada and
last year we had about oh six seven
eight hundred people I forget the number
who attended our one-day CPAC style
conservative conference in Canada let me
show a little ad for this year's but it
mainly features clips from last year's
and you might recognize Jordan Peterson
before his big shot book came out and
before before we throw the clip I just
went say I saw over the weekend the
Jordan Peterson spoke to a sellout crowd
in London England at the Apollo
Hammersmith theater which holds 5,000
people you're selling out a theatre with
5,000 people there are real rock bands
that can't even fill five thousand
people now obviously your absolute a
list pop stars are gonna sell it 5000
they'll sell out a stadium of 30 40 50
thousand but for a professor who's
written a fairly academic book of
philosophy to sell 5000 seats that is a
rock star anyways that's Jordan Peters I
was just thinking about him because he
was at a rebel live event this year
professor Peterson is not gonna be in
town on June second but Lindsey Sheppard
who you might say is a disciple or
inspired by him let me play for you our
rebel live ad we're gonna discuss topics
that the political leaks in the media
party don't want us to discuss political
correctness be damned
not from a principal diaper world bye
perhaps we are in better touch with the
pulse of the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in this fight together
and it's the over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York time most
modernism is a sophisticated
philosophy now raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
alright we call it the rebel live is
that the rebel live.com you can go there
for ticket information at my point is
today is the last day for those early
bird of prices I just want to say I see
that Chaz 1422 has put up his comment
which is the Jews who are Democrats
cannot be seen supporting borders in
Israel because it will appear
hypocritical for the common condemnation
of our own borders there's something to
that that Jewish leftist who have an
ethnic pride a residual vestigial pride
in being Jews except Israel as a Jewish
state which is that's when it's called
it's called a Jewish state their flag is
the symbol of Judaism the Star of David
there is a Jewish character to the
country other religions have legal
rights in fact I put it to you that
Muslims in Israel have more civil rights
than they do in any have their Muslim
country but it is a it's an ethnic state
it's an ethnic nationalist state it is
that sian ism is a form of ethnic
nationalism even more than religious
nationalism it's not a theocracy but
it's a it's an ethnic democracy and
you're right I be meaning I've been
thinking about this for more than a year
of doing a video called Jews for borders
because as a Jew I believe in borders
for Israel but I believe in them for the
United States and for Canada too what
makes the United States and Canada and
Britain in Germany and Sweden great is
the is the nature of those countries and
you can't swamp
you can't swamp those country with with
people who don't share those values
obviously can the United States have
been settled and been colonized settled
and have had immigration in a way that
indigenous countries like the UK and
then should and Germany have not but you
need to you need to if you want to keep
the characteristics of your country you
have to make sure that anyone who comes
into your country shares those
characteristics Israel this is a life
and death situation if you simply
allowed anyone
who wants to come to Israel to come the
Jewish fact of Israel would be erased
within years that's sort of obvious
we're talking about the Middle East a
lot because of course today is the
historical independent State of Israel
what a momentous occasion for the
Israeli embassy move
I noticed that some other small
countries are deciding to move their
embassies as well some small
latin-american countries
I can't he remain there's some little
really little countries that that are
almost you know many countries on the
200 countries in the world I'd say that
fewer than 10 have gone along with it
but it's Joel Paul reminded us the other
day when he reported to us from
Jerusalem even the even Russia the
Russian Federation now refers to Israel
as West Jerusalem as its capital so you
know they're reserving some questions
about the final status of Easter
Rousillon but even Russia is is
acknowledging this so while Donald Trump
remakes the world looks like he might
well bring peace to the Korean Peninsula
for the first time I went 80 70 years is
making changes in the Middle East and
the supposed of third rails of the
region all you can't you can't put
anything ahead of the Palestinians you
can't move the embassies just doing and
nothing bad is happening John Kerry the
former Secretary of State in Bill
Clinton's second ministry in Barack
Obama's second term he is meeting
furiously with Iranian senior
politicians and when I say politicians
they're their dictators of course it's
not a free country let me show you
someone was in Paris and just happened
to be sitting near look at this what I
read this hold this up on the screen so
John Kerry just left a meeting at lavell
new in Paris with three iranians
iranians a friend was sitting next to
the table and heard john kerry blasting
real donald trump the iranians had a
five-person security detail and left in
diplomatic vehicles is he
fa ra I think that's foreign agent
something something register
so and there's a picture of John Kerry
walking away so this is someone who just
happened to be in Paris and saw John
Kerry meeting with a bunch of Iranian
officials and Howard how did he know
they were officials well they had
security and the cars and there's Kerry
walking away and there's one more yeah
there's some more images but put the
next one up please so someone in Paris
saw a man and this is the it looks like
they're coming into a hotel and ID'd
them let me read this the one in front
is certainly Kamal Karzai Iran regime's
foreign minister from 1997 to 2005 the
one behind the door looks very similar
to Al bowgasm Delfy
current ambassador to France that would
make sense see photos for comparison
please bear in mind these people aren't
diplomats they're diplomat terrorists
okay that last point is certainly a
strong opinion but there's some truth to
it I don't think these individual men
themselves would you know be pulling the
trigger or the detonator on a bomb but
of course Iran is the world's largest
sponsor state sponsor of terrorism
that's unquestionable they are
colonizing Syria they use Hezbollah as a
proxy they've bombed places around the
world including in Buenos Aires
Argentina
that's a given I mean it's given than
anyone who is negotiating with Iran now
in you know unauthorized negotiations in
Paris in 2018 or authorized negotiations
during the entire Obama regime under
for him of course they were dealing with
the terrorist state what's interesting
today is not the rands a terrorist state
we know that what's interesting is that
even as Donald Trump has changed course
on Iran has said he's pulling out of
Obama's deal with Iran as he's moving to
bring sanctions back the John Kerry is
actively undermining u.s. foreign policy
and literally meeting with the enemy in
a rogue manner now that's actually
subject to a US law called the Logan Act
we had John Cardillo talk about that
with us last week and he did a
specialist own show but my point is
imagine if the shoe is on the other foot
we don't need to imagine when general
Flynn part of Donald Trump's transition
team simply made a phone call to the
Russians saying hey we're gonna be
taking office soon just want to
introduce myself don't make any sudden
moves
we'll talk to you when we're that
spurred this whole Mueller Muller in
Inquisition because of a legitimate
phone call made in the authorized part
of Donald Trump's transition campaign
whereas he of John Kerry deliberately
being contrary to America's interests
with legal impunity but of course he's a
Democrat all right it is 12 23 I'm gonna
take another comment or two but I do
have three more things I want to show
you including a great video from taken
from security cameras in Brazil let's
just look at some of the comments
Spencer Jay Ezra heard a terrorists were
found not guilty in Toronto because of
melton illness attack on a recruitment
center yeah I saw that too and it could
be true it could be true look I'm not a
medical doctor not a psychiatrist I have
not in examined that terrorists myself
but and I am I have no doubt that there
is mental illness but but it's not just
mental illness it's mental illness
combined with she had because if he
course he walked into a Canadian
military recruitment center looking to
kill so maybe it was mental illness that
took away any self-control but it was
jihad that gave him
the battle-plan so I think we ought to
be careful about simply labeling any
jihadist attack crazy because only a
crazy person would do it that's sort of
like the Soviet idea them no no we don't
have any crime we just have people who
are mentally ill well how do you see
that well because to commit a crime
you've got to be crazy so therefore you
are mentally ill we don't want to get
into a circular reasoning where well
this attack is so crazy they must be
crazy because only a crazy person
doesn't attack because that was our
premise so it's a circular reasoning he
may have been mentally ill but I don't
think we should use that as a catch-all
because I think that helps us avoid
that's an excuse to avoid the pathology
of the jihadist movement itself um
speaking of terrorists unfortunately
there was a terrorist attack again in
Paris
hundreds of Frenchmen have been killed
in the last five years not just in the
battle and shootings but one of the most
horrific attacks was an Isis terrorist
who got behind the wheel of a very large
truck in Nice France on their
Independence Day the best deal day and
all the roads were shut down because it
was like everyone was gathered along the
roads for the celebration so everyone
was lined up perfectly it's a couple
years ago and this terrorist got behind
the wheel of a truck and not just like a
little pickup truck or a half-ton but I
see almost like a semi truck like a
truck with a lot of power and momentum
and he barreled down four miles and he
murdered more than 80 people and injured
more than 400 so he murdered or wounded
close to 500 people with his truck
before he was finally stopped because he
was just barreling down this road it was
like a bowling ball
knocking down pin after pin after pin
but a bowling ball with an enormous
diesel engine in it
500 people killed or wounded in one
incident that's like taking out an
airliner so yeah another attack I think
we have some video on that is a do we
have a video or just the article just
the article here we have it here Paris
attack knife man kills one before being
shot by police let me read a little bit
a knife man has killed one person and
wounded four in a suspected terror
attack in central Paris French officials
say the attacker was then shot dead by
police in the Opera District witnesses
say they heard him shout Allah Akbar
so-called Islamic state later said one
of its soldiers can't carried out the
attack on Saturday evening well what's
so interesting here I think this is BBC
that they actually use the word terror
because like our own state broadcaster
in Canada they typically don't say that
word I guess this hasn't been through
the editor yet what's so frustrating
about this and so typical is that they
knew about this guy they knew about him
in advance I've shown you headlines
before from the UK that say 23,000
jihadis are walking around the UK on a
watch list you can't watch the way
through those people and I think it was
3,000 or 7,000 be watched around the
clock you know how many you know how
many police it takes to watch someone
around the clock it takes dozens because
you've got what three shifts a day and
you have to have managers and track them
like it it it takes dozens of cops to
watch one person around the clock and
why are they doing that what we're
watching and just and then watch them do
the attack yeah we were watching them
well we don't need a watch list we need
a stop list and let me show you this
story
maybe this headline this is
about this suspect France defends
anti-terrorism strategy after attack by
man on watch list the French government
defended its anti-terrorism measures
over the weekend after it turned out
that the perpetrator of a deadly knife
attack in Paris was on a state security
watch list I'll just read one more
sentence government spokesman Benjamin
something-something said the man a
naturalized French citizen who was born
in Chechnya
had been on the watch list since 2016
okay well Chechnya is pretty much about
as terrorists eat a place as it gets
first of all what's he doing in the UK
in in France there's no connection to
France I mean I understand why some
Muslim migrants would come from Morocco
Algeria Tunisia these were French
colonies they actually speak French
there and France made them part of the
French Empire so I can at least
understand a historical geographic and
and linguistic connection but why are
you bringing in someone from Chechnya
you know in Chechnya it's in the bowels
of Russia it's also one of the worst
places in the world I mean grossly in
the Islamic character of the Civil War
there it's it's as horrific as anything
in Syria why was he in France to begin
with and second of all if he's on your
watchlist for two years why why well
what did he do to put you a put him on
that watchlist and why wasn't that
enough to kick him out this is what
we're going in North America by the way
all right take a quick look at the clock
it's 12 29 I started a minute late today
sorry about that I want to play for you
our second ad oh I've got some good news
do we have that second ad for the for
the same of the Christians calm let's
play it anyways take a look at this and
I got some news for you take a look
imagine
solidest overhead budget planning
new guy Louis L'Amour
mission
hey welcome back I was just looking at
signups in fact we've had 4 more people
sign up just in the course of the show
for the rebel live.com today is the last
day to get your early bird pricing it's
gonna be great so I was talking with the
last and we at least house ads I hope
you don't mind the fact we played them
everyday um here's my news about the
save the Christians calm it is now
available on DVD and video on demand so
you can rent it online for I think it's
six or seven bucks or you can pre-order
the DVDs and we'll ship them to you if
you're old school that way that is our
first rebel documentary and we made it
after visiting Iraq northern Iraq that
region called Kurdistan which is where
the Christians in Iraq fled because it's
pretty rough to be Christian over there
um lots of interviews with actual
Christian victims of Isis ethnic
cleansing it's terrifying the video we
had of course the premieres in Toronto
and Calgary and I'm delighted that it is
now available everywhere I see a super
chat from Mark B for too much thanks for
that so yeah there was an important
thing we did I think to shine a light of
scrutiny on the treatment of Christians
in Iraq I think it's probably the most
underreported story in the Western media
right now I think it's very depressing I
listen the Jews are being pushed around
and kicked around and that's why having
a Jewish state of Israel is important
it's sort of a place where they're a
majority and they have their own army
and they can defend themselves and
they're not at the mercy of being a
minority perpetually in other people's
countries the Kurds have no such luck
they are a majority in Kurdistan but
that's part of Iraq but the Christians
in Iraq are the worst off of all because
other than little pinprick sized towns
and villages in Iraq that are 100%
Christian there's no such thing as a
multicultural or multi-ethnic town in
northern Iraq there's a Christian town
and a Muslim town I suppose they could
have one town where every Christian half
on a Muslim half but it's not like in
North America we're on the same street
you could have five religions five races
five ethnicities it's it's not that way
it's just not that
in Iraq and my point is you go to these
little Christian enclaves some of which
are over a thousand years old I mean
these folks they still pray in Aramaic
the ancient language of Jesus there this
is I mean these are ancient Christians
but there's just what maybe maybe a
couple hundred thousand left in all of
Iraq so there's no contiguous area so
every single place they are there a
perpetual minority always and yes
sometimes it's less brutal than others
but it's always brutal I think I might
have told you this story before when we
visited the Christian town of but nyah
or telesco free businesses a lot
karakash but ninetails covers a lot of
these little Christian towns the one we
were in in July last year had been
liberated from Isis but it had not been
lived and repopulated by Christians yet
so we were there in July when it was
liberated we were the only Western
journalist in there we were the only
people at all within the town we had to
go in with security in October that same
Christian town that was liberated was
reconquered this time by in iran-backed
Muslim militia called hostile shotty and
that goes to my point
at least Israel they've got this place
to make a stand you got what a million
Israelis of whom what six billion or
Jews they got a place they got an army
they got an airforce they got a place
but the Christians in Iraq I have to say
they do not have a bright future and
frankly my view is if we're gonna be
taking refugees take the Christians take
the ones who are actually being
perpetrated persecuted there is no
genocide against Muslims in the world
and I don't think there ought to be
there is not and God forbid even if
there were there's dozens of Muslim
majority countries in which they can
seek refuge there is no country for
Christian Arabs I mean Lebanon has a bit
of a Christian community left but a lot
of them have fleen since Iran has
colonies and colonized that country
through Hezbollah anyway that's a very
long tangent on on the question of our
um documentary but I just wanted you to
see that because I was excited that it's
finally viewable I just have an email
here I missed a super chat Markby says
hey Ezra I spoke with Doug Ford on the
phone Thursday he said he would call you
to discuss your perspective on his
actions regarding Tana granite gallon
has he phoned you yet no he has not
there's a chance that I missed his phone
call but I will check my voicemail side
and I have not let me tell you the me
was feet very clearly about Doug Ford as
you saw he was a guest speaker at our
rebel live last year I support that for
it I want him to be premium I think
he'll be a good premiere I think a
friend's post would be better than
Kathleen Wynne and Doug Ford will
actually be positively good I guess I'm
saying anyone is better than Kathleen
Wynne I'm not gonna say the NDP is
better than Kathleen Wynne because what
we've seen in Alberta and NBC now proves
that the NDP can actually make any
situation worse
but Doug Ford will be a good preemie of
the question is how good will he be
principled or will he be a bit of a
Patrick Brown Sela and I'm a little bit
nervous about Doug Ford I want him to be
strong as a conservative I want him to
also be democratic but most importantly
I want him to maintain his healthy
distrust and disrespect of the
mainstream media because when you are
afraid of the mainstream media
especially the CBC then an interview is
no longer about your views it's about
the CBC conditioning and shaping you
it's sort of like Heisenberg's
uncertainty principle you know what that
is it's it's like if you if you have a
drawer with a dice in it and you want to
see well what what's the numbers on the
dice you pull the drawer open to check
it well if the dice have moved around so
you eat it's an onion you can never
actually measure something without
changing it is Heisenberg's uncertainty
principle it's a quantum physics concept
but I think it applies to journalism too
in the case of the CBC when the CBC asks
you a question Doug Ford will you
disavow this candidate it's not a
measurement
do you see what I mean it's not actually
reporting it's trying to pressure Doug
to give an answer when the CBC ecology
with a gotcha question they're not
actually doing reporting they're doing
conditioning they're shaping the
battlefield for their liberal party
masters and it's very tempting for a
conservative politician time for tenders
here Jason Kenney today this is not
reporting this is bullying and I don't
like it and so I'm gonna join the mob
and go after Tandy Brannock Allen or the
rebel or carbon tax protesters who chant
law corrupt you see what I'm saying
and my favorite moments of Doug forward
are when he disrespects the media like
his brother Rob did so well and I hope
he comes back to that um all right let
me check the time as 1238 I've been
kibbutz Singh where two-thirds done I
want to show you two more stories let's
first do a short video I know if you saw
this this is a closed-circuit TV vid
from Brazil I don't think there's any
sound on it why don't you put it up but
I'll just talk over it okay so there's a
guy that's outside of school you see
there's a gunman and look who's and look
who comes up and just pop pop up just
pop pop pop down he goes down he goes
and look at that gal kick any and takes
his gun she's smart she's smart takes
his gun away and he's down there
and he raises his hand as if to say
please don't hurt me and she's right on
top of him and let's watch it again
there is he's coming up with a gun he's
looking to do a robbery
and there's other moms there you see
that you see that mom with the pink but
this this mom just pop pop pop she shot
him down I want you to play it one more
time because I want you to see the mum
and daughter scurrying away at the top
this gal is so great cool as a cucumber
hey I mean I bet her heart was just
pounding but she knew what she was doing
I won't okay so look at that mom who's
down gonna grab her girl grab the girl
you see that in the top right grab the
girl and run away while the lady with
the
gun pop-pop-pop am i enjoying watching
this too much I'll confess it not
because I like pain or violence but the
opposite this thug was trying to rob
these people I think this was outside a
school and boy he did not expect a mum
to be packing he okay watch this is one
more time there's someone's going on
there's some and look at pop up right in
her purse and then she backs away and
then comes back because she's not scared
and you see the gun there and then she
goes away kicks it away yeah she kicks
it away I actually read that she might
have been an off-duty cop who's also a
mum it wouldn't surprise me because I
think she reacted in a manner that
suggested training kicking the gun away
pulling the gun away and just the
presence of mind not to Fleet of course
I obviously don't blame the mom who fled
with her daughter when things started
going down what is a gun I mean it's a
weapon it's a tool but if you look at a
philosophy philosophically I think it's
a great equalizer had no one there had a
gun if no one had a gun who would have
won that altercation
well the thug because biologically
speaking a young man he looked like he
was in his early 20s is just plain old
stronger than moms especially moms who
have to care for their little ones so if
it was just fists that young man would
have won now he had a gun which
obviously is an extra degree of menace
and it's also a symbol it saves him from
having to use his fists he just waves
the gun around and it's his way of
saying not only will that punch you I
will kill you so give me your money as
he started to do and he would cut
through there like a hot knife through
butter and none of those women would be
able to do anything even if one of them
were physically strong enough or a group
of them were physically strong enough
they surely wouldn't risk being shot
one of the moms had a great equalizer
she didn't look like she was just tall
as him she didn't look like she was as
strong as him but she had that gun on
her I think it was in her bag her person
and that was the great equalizer and so
he instead of him surprising the women
oh boy she had a surprise for him so he
revealed himself and then she used the
element of surprise the great equalizer
didn't kill him looked like it just
stunned him and hurt him and he was I
didn't see a lot of blood there was a
very quick clip and he was still moving
around a little bit so I mean it
obviously wasn't that one of those huge
firearms that his massive kickback I
mean there are firearms that are more
suited to a smaller person like a mom it
might be but it certainly puts enough to
stop that I say again that it's not the
violence that I find gleeful there
it's that such an evil man whose evil
plans were so soundly and shockingly
refuted and rebuked by a woman with a
presence of mind that's the joy I feel
when I watch that and the admiration for
a mom that was truly able to defend her
own child which I didn't see there maybe
she was just picking her up and others
that woman is a true hero in every sense
of the word and just imagine if she
hadn't been there they would have at
least been a robbery maybe there would
have been a pistol-whipping maybe there
would have been shooting maybe there
would have been a murder maybe they
would I mean it looked like he was just
an opportunistic smash-and-grab type of
thief but how many times across the
world there's a law abiding gun owner
with a concealed gun stop a mass
shooting and I can understand by
definition if you stop a mass shooting
before it gets to the mass part of the
shooting by definition that's going to
be not as newsworthy as a mass shooting
that goes to terminal and as her friend
dr. John Lott always tells us mass
shootings always end with a second gun
either when I caught finally rise
second gun or a private citizen or if
the shooter takes his own life but the
longer it takes for that second gun to
arrive the longer the carnage in this
case a mom had to happen to be right
there I'm sorry that is an amazing video
not because I'm happy to see anyone get
shot but rather I'm happy that an evil
man was surprised by the great equalizer
that is a firearm let me ask you if no
one there had a firearm of course the
strongest bully would succeed or if that
woman had not been allowed to carry a
firearm and I presume that she had
lawful right to use it but if she had
not and if she didn't as they say when
you outlaw guns only I thought that was
an inspiring video and yeah we showed it
to you four times but I think that's
about right I'm gonna take a quick peek
as 1244 only a 15 minutes left I have
one more little thing I want to tell you
about it was a Teen Vogue which is my
go-to for political ideology but let's
read a few more comments there
Jason Montgomery says we can't defend
ourselves in Canada at all it's illegal
to hurt the guy who was robbing you how
screwed up is that well not just that
not just is concealed carry almost
impossible to get in Canada and security
guards in Canada are almost always
unarmed but yeah if you do actually
defend yourself you won't find yourself
facing charges invariably
invariably um Keith McIntosh says mark
Stein and his battle with CR T V
comments possible of a Gavin return now
what about Stein's comments read the
difficulties of the paywall model
I haven't read mark Stein's comments on
the difficulties of a paywall model but
I can imagine that they're difficult we
live with that every day here unlike as
I mentioned before we receive no
corporate funding we receive no funding
from
government so we live off the support of
our viewers we do that through a trickle
of ad money we were basically
demonetised by Google in January of 2017
as so many conservative sites were that
were supportive of brexit or Donald
Trump YouTube has turned off the money
Facebook's turned off the money in other
ways too I won't get into and twitter
has censored us too so those big three
social media companies so yeah it's
tough
I don't know that particular comments
are referring to in terms of Mark Steyn
versus CITV
I admire both mark Stein's journalism
and see our TVs the fact that they're
trying to make a go of it with
conservative media in this country so I
don't feel the need to take a side in
that fight I've known mark Stein for oh
I don't know 15 years for sure I mean he
used to write for the Western Standard
magazine I know somebody remember but
going back as far as 2004 I was the
publisher of a magazine called the
Western Standard March time with the
back page as friends at the back then we
fought the Human Rights Commission's
together on the other hand I admire what
see our TV is doing Mark Levine is
upstanding course Gavin McInnes is a
hoot over there your question about
Gavin McInnes returning I think is most
unlikely because of course see our TV
pays pretty well unlike us they're owned
by a billionaire Kerry Katz who is
pouring his money into a conservative
media alternative and I think that's
amazing a lot of people when they get
super-rich their hobbies are yachts or
private jets or private islands kerry
casa the cats has poured tens of
millions of dollars into a conservative
media outfit we started the rebel
literally from scratch we were all laid
off from the sun news network together
and I took my severance pay and I used
it to pay the first paycheck so we've
been sort of crowdfunding our way ever
since yeah if I had 20 million u.s. to
put into the rebel we'd probably be a
little bit bigger and better and
stronger than we are now but hey we're
three and a half years old and we're
still fighting like hell every day and
partly because of the support from folks
are super chat us that's where the money
goes
we got a payroll to make your people so
super chat away I read one more comment
and then I go to Teen Vogue
let me find one here the sharpen pen
murder rate higher in London than in New
York City for the first time ever with
strict gun control who knew you could
kill people with knives
- well knives in this huge acid attacks
in London that's the thing it's it
really is people who kill people I mean
and they'll find a way Cain and Abel
didn't have firearms um
Deus vult says laws only have effect if
you follow them or if you feel obliged
to follow them rather well that's the
thing I mean it's already against the
law to commit murder so if someone's
decided they're gonna commit murder or
commit an armed robbery they're probably
going to ignore a paperwork crime like
possessing a firearm illegally uh Maximo
Dean says cats is countersuing mark
Stein look I'm just not gonna get into
that quarrel I'm not a party to it I
admire both sides and of course I
believe that we should have harmony on
our side of the aisle I just thought my
fight I have too many fights um how to
get into Mahara Lika Allah says
hopefully rebel puts on more breakout
stars but they don't stab rebel in the
back well look we're called the rebel
we're not called the mainstream we're
not called the calm people and so it's
sort of by definition that the people I
like and that it like me are gonna be a
little bit prickly porcupine sometimes
and sometimes if you're a prickly
porcupine your prickly to friends as
well as to foes and it's true I mean if
you're boring and if you're always
agreeable you're probably a dream to
work with from a human resources point
of view but if you're prickly if you're
a rebel if you're troublemaker for your
dissident if you fight maybe something
that personally in personality comes
across in an HR way - and so I look at
the people who got their start with the
rebel and there were a lot of them I
mean and some of them left us in various
ways but I still even the ones who left
us in the river puff of smoke over the
I still have a bit of feelings of
sentimental affection for them because
we helped launch a number of careers and
by the way I don't think people should
stay at the rebel forever if they're
moving on up I mean we're a great place
to get started and to learn certain
things but independence media and I
think it's appropriate for some people
who want to go independent and I keep in
touch with some of our alumni I mean we
talked about Gavin earlier I mean Gavin
moved on because he got a great offer
that we simply couldn't match I still
talk to Gavin I don't know buy texted my
phone ID few times a month so yeah and
and I believe that we have had a role as
a bit of a talent Factory we've done
it's how the factory is sort of a talent
recruiter you know and even to this day
we do and there's also thing about when
you were when you find affordable
talents they're a little bit rough
around the edges and they're not
seasoned by the time they get seasoned
and experienced well maybe you can't
afford them anymore
anyways don't mind me it's part of the
fun of being a start-up entrepreneur
with not a lot of dough and I tell you
on the whole everything considered
including some of the bumps in the road
I love what we've done at the repple and
I love the legacy that we have already
created in our alumni I'm not saying I
agree with everything or alumni say you
do of course not but we're helping make
a fuss okay
it's 1251 we have nine more minutes
before we go because I finished at 1:00
p.m. I got other work to do I want it I
want to show you something so weird you
know vogue right it's the women's
magazine and there's something called
Teen Vogue which is I guess for teenage
girls and that's great and you know
teenage girls dating fashion make music
well now or not these days because of
course Teen Vogue is part of the Trump
resistance so check this out this is
from Team but you see it up there in the
top left corner it says Teen Vogue and
who's that hairy guy
well let me read to you who is Karl Marx
meet the anti-capitalist scholar the
communist scholars ideas are more
prevalent than you might realize
these read the first sentence you may
have come across calm the communist
memes on social media the man the mean
the legend behind the trend is Karl Marx
who developed the theory of communism
which advocates for workers control over
their labor instead of their bosses the
political philosopher turned 200 years
old on May 5th but his ideas can still
teach us about the past and the present
really um communism is responsible for
according to scholars 85 to a hundred
million deaths over the last century the
Soviet Union Mao's China Khmer Rouge
North Korea Cuba Venezuela Nicaragua is
there some hellhole that does not owe
some modern hellhole that does not oh
it's foul ideology to Marx I'm not
saying that Nazism was Marxist did pose
itself as counter Marxism but not C
stands for national socialism and in
economic policies they were certainly
socialist they were sort of socialists
and nationalists yeah Karl Marx has
killed more people through his ideology
than than anyone else then you have to
put the blame for the actual murders at
the hands of Lenin Stalin Hitler and now
but that's Teen Vogue that is team vote
for you is there any teenage girl who
wants to read that I don't know but
that's the total infiltration and
hijacking of our culture by the hard
left if you are reading an apology an
excuse a promotion of Karl Marx in Teen
Vogue that's a sign of how far the
culture
I see a $20 super chair from Ali Clark
Ali thanks very much I remember you made
some super chests last week to is for a
generous review Ali wrote keep up the
great work rebel a great voice for
conservatives well thank you I mean I
believe we're ideological consumers you
put conservatives in a capital C which
may refer to the political party of
course we support conservative political
parties Doug Ford Jason Kenney Andrew
shear we want them to be to beat their
liberal and socialist rivals but I
believe we have a special duty to be
good faith critics so what do I mean by
that those political parties I just
listed have their enemies who are bad
faith critics gotcha critics who turn
mole hills into mountains who are unfair
and have double standards what they
excoriate a conservative for they praise
or ignore in a liberal I'm talking about
good faith criticisms criticisms from
the right because if you're trying to
steer straight if you're a conservative
politician but a hundred other media are
pulling you this way pulling you this
way the best you can do is stay on
course but any movements always going to
be that way if all the vacuum if all the
suction is this way but if you have one
or many media to your right pulling you
this way it counteracts the pull that
way you can you fly straight and so any
conservative media cell that rebel
they're a hassle done for it and you're
sheared Jason Kenney whoever says are
the rebel I wish they'd just stop
criticizing from the writer that well
there are embarrassing cousins because
they're so right-wing well look do you
think it's easier to be a politician if
you are the most right-wing thing around
no no no I mean just rhetorically and
you know in terms of positioning
politically if you have someone to your
right then you can say why moderates if
you have no one to your right the same
position is no longer moderate is it so
I agree with you that's I think we have
an important role to play but of course
our main role is not determined by
reference to political parties it's
determined by reference to our viewers
and if we give them the news of opinions
they want is 1256 I'm gonna read a few
more comments and then we'll finish up
today just a reminder of what we're
doing here we're gonna add Facebook and
Twitter periscope soon every day from
12:00 noon till 1:00 Eastern I come on a
kibbutz show some video clips read some
headlines Friday we generally take more
comments for those who want to chip in
you can get your comment put in
highlighted ink like Ally Clark just did
or you can have them amongst the rest
that I try and skim them let me do that
for the remaining four minutes
Alex Chafee says I went to Starbucks and
asked for copy reparation and the clerk
laughed WTF what Starbucks because
there's such social justice warriors to
the world they've sort of ensnared
themselves haven't they
because some people complained that they
were allowed to use Starbucks bathroom
because they didn't they weren't paying
customers and that was racist Starbucks
has now announced that all of their
bathrooms are now public bathrooms for
the public so you got your free Wi-Fi
and your free bathrooms gee what could
go wrong hey
the sharpen pen 20 bucks thank you very
much like he's my I appeal if I see a
comment associated with your super Chan
thanks but um I I think most most people
will not abuse Starbucks bathroom
privileges
most people will sort of be grateful for
it and who knows maybe someone going
into a Starbucks to use the bathroom
will feel some sort of moral obligation
to buy something when they're in there
but of course all it takes is one hobo
who says uh yeah free bathroom I'm gonna
use that for a whole bunch of things and
how can they be kicked out now because
the CEO himself such a leftist poseur
has said free bathrooms free Wi-Fi
Victoria pizanno it has a super shot for
ten bucks thanks very much I can never
understand the cost of beef against Jews
is it their success land religion well
listen I suppose there's many reasons
that people are against use the same
thing could be for other prejudices some
of it is ancient
cultural some of it is religious
sometimes people just need a scapegoat
some people just had a bad experience
with some Jews I can there was something
that happened over the weekend and let
me close there's someone that's tomorrow
maybe there's a the Jewish a very old
Jewish paper out of New York called the
forward in fact it used to be in Yiddish
it used to be published in Yiddish in
New York obviously was always left wing
but it's become insanely left-wing in
recent years the daily forwards call
it's a website now too and they are so
left-wing they're actually anti-israel
there if you could imagine the pro
palestinian pro hamas anti-israel really
really grow so weird they did a profile
on jordan period peterson who and i
would call a phyllo semi dino jordan
Peterson somewhat and I know those
around him and there's not an any
semantic bone in his body it's absurd to
say so in fact he gives extended
lectures on the Old Testament I actually
spoke on a panel with him above the
hundredth anniversary of the Balfour
Declaration which created the modern
State of Israel like they call him an
Eastman it's insane but the daily
forward did they smeared him in they
Photoshop can we call it up in the few
seconds we have left if you go to the
the Jewish daily forward I don't know if
we can find a will named women left they
photoshopped a picture of him with Adolf
Hitler giving the Sieg Heil and they
said that he is enabling any semi's it
was they forged that picture because of
course Peterson December Post in front
of such a picture and here's here's my
point it's a long answer to your
question Victoria if you have a group of
far left-wing activist liberals who just
happened to be Jews butter is about as
Jewish as a ham sandwich
there's nothing Jewish about them other
than a vestigial history an echo a
memory I mean they don't go to synagogue
they don't believe in the Torah they're
not scientists like the only thing
Jewish about them is they were born
Jewish never a Jewish name but they're
liberal they know that so if they're
only used for being liberal as to play
that they're big for being Jewish
Rather's to play the Jewish card as a
racist card which is what they did the
Jordan Peterson they thought well we'll
make an attack on Jordan Peterson then
know that this is done before because
yeah go ahead and put it up if you
yeah you see that is Jordan Peterson
enabling jew-hatred
and on Twitter those words weren't that
you just saw the Sieg Heil there was as
if he's he spoke in front it's just
super super super gross this is actually
taken from the website called V dare not
calm I guess that's the quickest place
our producers found it but yeah that's
the graphic I'm talking about there so
if you're I mean Jordan Peterson knows
that that was just radical leftist using
their Jewish identity to make an attack
but let's say that attack would actually
work and get someone marginalized so a
group of liberals got you sacked from
your job for anti-semitism when you're
not in any sunlight and they did it in
the name of the Jews how are you not
gonna hate us because of that I'm not
saying it's fair but I'm saying it's
understandable if someone is attacking
you unfairly in the name of the Jews as
was just done
- Jordan Peterson and let's say God
forbid Peterson lost his job or his
career over that how could he not have
some animus towards the Jews since those
who attacked him did in the name of the
Jews I want to get into this in greater
length in a future show because it's one
on one already so I have to sign off um
I am gonna go now cuz I got to get to
other things I'll see you back here
tomorrow 12:00 noon Eastern we're gonna
try and fix our notification system
thanks to all of you who tipped him with
the super chat I appreciate that
until tomorrow on behalf of all of us
here at rebel world headquarters tuning
tonight at 8:00 p.m. if you can for a
show and if not I'll see you tomorrow at
noon same time same YouTube channel good
night
