and turning to this weekend cultural
appropriation
would you believe the inappropriate
hairstyle of a plastic doll oh yeah
decades ago the toy business didn't
exactly have a stellar record when it
came to inclusivity oh sure there were
white dolls galore but black brown and
Asian dolls not so much that's changed
over the years manufacturers now make
dolls that represent all sorts of
ethnicities and so it is that even the
ultimate conformist doll Barbie is now
available in different shapes sizes and
skin tones but when Mattel released its
latest rendition of its iconic doll many
people well they're not happy with it
and the reason had little to do with its
black skin tone and very much to do with
its hairstyle now as you can see the
doll is wearing half a head of black
cornrows whereas the other half features
a blonde curly weave supposedly this is
offside I'm not entirely sure why stated
one commentator on social media quote
whose bright idea was it to style the
african-american Barbie's hair like that
all of these beautiful brown woman in
all industries you couldn't find one to
look to for hair inspiration you need to
remove her and start from scratch
immediately
end quote well a few things I have seen
real black woman Believe It or Not
wearing their hair like this to be frank
it's not my cup of Earl Grey but I
certainly wouldn't tell any woman black
or otherwise to rethink our hair style
it's her right to choose right I mean
look at my hair I get it done to that
new place in Richmond Hill you know for
three bucks you're laughing and shows
everybody else and say whatever happened
to the old adage beauty is in the eye of
the beholder
while many commentators myself included
don't very much care for that jarring
half-and-half look that the doll is
sporting I bet there are others who
would deem it to be poetry in motion yet
the question arises has the
self-perpetuating eternal grief industry
really lowered itself to losing their
stuff over the hairdo of a made in China
piece of plastic I mean really look if
there are indeed social-media snowflakes
who are hell-bent on reinventing
themselves as the Fashion Police
at least do something tangible with your
time okay like visiting a Walmart on the
wrong side of the tracks
I mean if the website people of
walmart.com is any indication you'll be
handing out hairstyle and haberdashery
advice for the rest of your natural
lives and perhaps actually help in
society in the process for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's I'd been ZZZ
hey folks I hope to personally see you
at the rebel live event that's on
Saturday June the 2nd in Toronto and wow
what a jam-packed slate of superstars we
have for you Katie Hopkins John Cardella
Sheila Gunn read the Big Boss Man
himself
Ezreal event so many others so go to the
rebel live.com and get your tickets
today
