what they led me to believe was that
Iran is filling the void first the void
left by Barack Obama and then the void
left by Isis Iran's sort of
consolidating the region is that what's
happening
that's exactly right and paschal shall
be the term that you just used is
effectively just a popular mobile
mobilization units so each one of these
units have different names some of them
are Iraqi some of them are Syrian some
of them are coming from from other
places around the Muslim world and Iran
is deploying them they have absolutely
filled the void inside Iraq where they
have now stood Isis that's where you're
seeing them fill in the gaps and that
same thing is happening inside Syria and
the goal has been or to establish what
we call the Shiite Crescent this is an
area stretching from Iran's bunker
through Iraq into Syria and to Lebanon
to the Mediterranean this is Iran's
designs for regional Yemeni we can I
think be unambiguous about this at this
point and so finally you have the
Israelis pushing back on this but the
real the real challenge I think was that
the counter-isil coalition they were
very happy to defeat isis because after
all isis is just kind of a ragtag group
not professionally trained not terribly
formidable despite what you heard in the
news but nobody wanted to tangle with
the post isis reality which was that
Iran and it's proxies for taking over
the region
that's a farm nastier battle and it's
one that the Israelis are taking on
single-handedly right now that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
