I think she's a disgrace and I think it
proves that the me to movement cuts both
ways and we should be skeptical about
someone who rushes to the media I'm not
saying we shouldn't investigate and
believe but just because some showboat
like Christine Moore says Massimo /
Sethi raped me no he didn't you went to
his hotel
you brought the condoms and you never
said no and you were just being a crazy
woman and two things about that
first of all let's give her the benefit
of the doubt let's pretend there was no
explicit consent I don't know that means
these days it shouldn't bring out a
clipboard with legalese language where
you check off you I'm hereby authorizing
you to do this this and this but what
she did in terms of the soldier plying
him with gin when she knew he was on all
these men he objected he said I'm on
meds I can't do it and following him
ain't no and you know forcing herself
upon that's one thing the second thing
and it's something that just occurred to
me as you were talking about her nursing
background Ezra I don't know what the
you know the professional standards are
for being a registered nurse in Canada
I'm wondering if she has ethically
breached those standards and this means
a disciplinary hearing where she'll lose
those credentials perhaps it's very
interesting I don't know if she's still
registered as a nurse with the College
of nurses or whatever it would be called
and I don't know if she if there's not
just ethics about plying someone with
alcohol when they're on meds but taking
personal advantage I mean if a doctor
takes advantage of a patient because of
the power imbalance yes and so will you
have to sleep with me as part of your
therapy here I mean that's been that's a
line that's being used more than once
and I mean psychiatrists psychologists
sometimes do that they can lose their
credentials over that did this nurse I
don't know if she's still registered a
nurse not only did she give bad medical
advice here have some booze while you're
on meds did she also put herself in a
position of you know nurse patient
authority and and take advantage of him
not just medically but ethically as well
I think she's a disgraceful woman
and therefore I think she's a perfect
fit for today's NDP hey that was an
excerpt from my show rebel roundup where
we discussed the week's top stories with
your favorite rebels to see my show and
more sign up to become a Premium Member
today
you
