you call the people at camp cloud
criminals and I guess now some of them
really are criminals because the very
first batch of the 175 of them that have
been arrested at Camp cloud so far are
starting to plead guilty to violating
Kinder Morgan's court injunction to stay
away from their two Kinder Morgan work
sites on Burnaby Mountain and I wanted
to get your reaction to what amounts to
punishment and deterrent for these
people the judge handed down a $500 fine
in exchange for guilty pleas do you
think that's adequate do you think that
that is enough to deter these largely
foreign-funded activists from sabotaging
the Canadian economy I think I led you
there a little bit but good what I
expect your answer to be but go ahead
my real thoughts on this I think that
they're a form of terrorists I truly do
it's economic terrorism its
environmental terrorism and I think that
they if anyone who actually got to
express like free speech and protest
right but when you have organizations
encouraging these people to is that tie
themself to door promising themselves of
progress of toughness also gates
promising legal assistance and
crowdfunding and GoFundMe for legal
assistance and this has cost me look it
looks harmless it's no big deal there's
like some old lady in a wheelchair and
she zip-tied herself to it
oh what a victim without one crazy chick
who brought her kids down now she's
saying she was assaulted I mean it's a
joke right that's that's the funny part
but that's sort of like me going to
David Suzuki's office behind myself at
the green pieces door but what I did
doesn't slow down the economic of an app
the economics of our country doesn't it
doesn't it doesn't affect the national
interest so no I think there should be
jail time
I think I mean if I was up to me and say
six months in jail that'd be deterrent
on this because this is costing our
reputation investment is costing jobs
and as I'm sitting here in my beautiful
house with my two wonderful dogs and my
cars that can all come to an end because
this pipeline is I think it's the last
hope that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
