I went to the March for Life in Edmonton
this weekend if you didn't hear about
the largest annual protests in Edmonton
you can thank the mainstream media for
just pretending that three thousand
people in the steps of the legislature
don't matter at all it was the annual
March for Life in Edmonton this week and
of course it was all but ignored by the
mainstream media save for a few lines
here or there the demonstrations taking
place every May in major cities all
across the country are the largest
pro-life gathering in the country that
you have probably never heard about in
Edmonton in the five-degree cold and in
the rain the crowd still reached
approximately 3000 at their height this
is the first march for life since the
NDP government introduction of bill 9
now that law creates a so-called bubble
zone around abortion clinics pushing the
one or two people who peacefully prey on
public land outside of an already
existing injunction zone even further
away from the clinics it's basically a
censorship zone based on the lie that
the pro-life movement is breaking that
injunction zone on mass that the
pro-life movement is being threatening
and harassing when that isn't the case
and even more horrifying the government
has never produced one ounce of evidence
to support the need for the new law they
just limited human rights because they
felt like limiting the rights of
pro-lifers no reasoning or proof of
necessity was needed it's unreal I did a
story about the fake news around bill 9
about a week ago you really should check
it out but now that new law has been
amended even further to further expand
the zone of censorship with no
resistance from the opposition
Conservative Party they prefer to walk
out of the legislature to avoid debate
and to avoid being perceived as pro-life
as though that's some sort of crime
these days rather than defend free
speech as a constitutional right in
Canada the opposition whose job it is to
oppose the government is letting the NDP
just run roughshod over human rights
because the Conservatives are scared of
the media and not liking them well
that's not true not all of them are like
independent-conservative MLA Derick Phil
de Brent has voted against bill nine as
an attack on free speech and three UCP
MLAs did attend the March for Life Mark
Smith West Taylor and Scott Cyr I can
just imagine how that went over in
caucus for them can't you but good on
these fellows for following their
conscience and having the guts to show
up that's still a right here in Canada
for now but now about the March for Life
it was huge the March took nine full
minutes to get past me as it left the
legislature and headed into downtown
Edmonton nine full minutes of people
just streaming past me by the way the
March for Life is family-friendly
actually it's all about family there are
no graphic signs no swear words no
graphic imagery is allowed and this
according to the mainstream media was
not worth the same level of coverage as
the women's March do you remember the
women's March it had about the same if
not less attendees but was more vulgar
profane and graphic and you know what
violent it was violent too you need
proof according to the priorities of the
Edmonton Journal the three thousand
folks gathered together in peaceful
prayer song and demonstration weren't
really as noteworthy as the six not ten
as reported but the six anti life
science fiction live-action role players
who came out to represent the pro-choice
movement the journal devoted the bulk of
their coverage of the pro-life March to
a group called the Edmonton handmaids
who for some reason think that if you
believe as I do that life begins at
conception that you somehow hate women
and want to turn them into baby-making
sex slaves or something like the
dystopian future depicted in the science
fiction novel and now feminist cult TV
series The Handmaid's Tale no reportage
though on the shameful anti-christian
anti-jewish signage the Edmonton
handmaids displayed though you see that
sign there it is absolutely
anti-christian and anti-semitic bigotry
but that's their right to hold it up and
I'm glad they had that sign it reveals
The Handmaid's for the bigots that they
are and The Handmaid's they weren't
scolded or attacked or harass
for their insult despite what the Notley
government would have everyone believe
about the pro-life movement in alberta
and you know what else The Handmaid's
weren't called out by the mainstream
media for their bigotry either try
holding up a sign critical of Mohammed
at a mosque you low-hanging trolls go
protest the treatment of women in the
Muslim world let me know how that one
goes
anyway I'm gonna come back to the
handmaids in a minute here because I'm
actually really really glad they showed
up but first I want to show you what
some of the marchers had to say to me
they had a lot of things they wanted to
talk to me about here we have thousands
of people across Canada marching in
favour of protecting preborn life and a
handful of counter protest show up
counter protesters show up in every city
and yet they almost get equal coverage
to the thousands of people who are there
to support the pro-life message I think
any legislation that intentionally
restricts their constitutional rights
and freedoms of a certain group of
Albertans is a big problem particularly
when that legislation is substantiate
with zero evidence that there are
current laws of protect harassment and
no prosecutions under that law around
the abortion clinics so it's false it's
false statements and really concerning
that false statements would justify that
kind of extreme measure I feel it's real
important to stand for those who have no
voice and we try to give hope to those
family does that feel that there is no
hope in this kind of situation okay so
let's go back to the handmaids for a
quick minute and let's talk about not
least overreaching and probably
unconstitutional bubble zone legislation
that limits the free speech rights of
pro lifers and just pro-lifers I said I
was glad that The Handmaid's came to
protest the March for Life and I am let
me explain why let's take a look at this
this is how the pro lifers responded to
the handmaids coming to call their god a
murderer and then troll for attention
like a bunch of spoiled children the pro
lifers prayed for them just watch this
first off if the pro-lifers are as
violent and harassing as notley's new
totalitarian bubble zone legislation
would suggest to us how could those six
handmade LARPers think they could show
up alone amongst 3000 of these supposed
extremists and secondly what the
peaceful and tolerant actions of this
crowd of pro lifers really shows us is
who they are when they're faced with the
pro-choice movement thirdly the
tolerance shown towards the costumed
weirdos shows just how unnecessary and
heavy-handed the NDP's abortion bubble
zone legislation really is The
Handmaid's were not harassed unless you
call praying the rosary harassment and
now if that's the case I guess you know
lock me up and The Handmaid's knew they
wouldn't be harassed no bubble zones
necessary and that's why they came they
knew they could protest and be safe so
I'm happy the unoriginal handmaids
showed up so the pro-life movement
can prove Notley wrong about them and so
that I could tell the world how peaceful
the pro-lifers really are the Christian
treatment of The Handmaid's shows how
the pro-life movement in Alberta has
been lied about and smeared by their own
government as criminals violent and
harassing for political gamesmanship all
because the NDP needed distraction from
their failure on pipelines and the
economy and about the mainstream media I
know they don't like the rebel I know
they don't like me and that's fine
because I really don't care but until
they start reporting the news and all of
the news us here at the rebel while
we're going to be around for a very long
time for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read that violence that
I mentioned today in my video that took
place at the Edmonton women's March well
it was committed against me by a male
feminist named Dion views after being
failed by the criminal justice system I
sued Dion views in civil court and I won
but it cost us at the rebel
$6,000 to set the record straight if you
can help cover our legal costs I'd
appreciate that if you can go to Dion
busicom
