one sign you've discovered a heretic is
when that person sees the person or
thing they hate the most behind every
single happening take this professor who
tweeted every dirty treacherous ugly and
pernicious act happening in the world
just wait for a few days and the ugly
name of Israel will pop will pop another
indication of a heretic is an inability
to string sentences together
let's take a look let me introduce you
to Columbia University professor Hamid
Dabashi who looks like you just saw a
ghost in this picture or maybe Israel
which seems to haunt him as though it
were one okay so I think it's safe to
say Dabashi doesn't view Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu whom he
calls a bastard pathological liar as a
bastion of empowerment but do you know
who he does think is empowering ahead to
me me that's right the Palestinian girl
Israeli police detained after she kicked
punched and slapped Israeli soldiers on
multiple occasions the professor seems
to think more woman should strive to be
like Tamimi posting about her Oh an
international Woman's Day and you better
not get in the way of Dabashi and his
activism even if you're a student who
has paid tuition money for the privilege
of taking his classes the professor has
canceled classes to fulfill his moral
duty of going to a pro Palestinian rally
in the past but let's hear some more
from the professor one thing that's
really insidious about Dabashi she's
anti-israel rants are the very visceral
language he uses listen to this half a
century of systematic naming and
murdering of another people has left its
deep marks on the faces of Israelis says
the professor the way they talk the way
they walk the way they handle objects
the way they greet each other the way
they look at the world there is an
endemic prevarication to this machinery
a vulgarity of character that is bone
deep and structural to the skeletal
vertebrae of its culture that sounds an
awful lot like something certain doctors
from a certain historical dictatorship
would say doesn't it and it doesn't seem
like Dabashi has a lot of tolerance for
disagreement with his ideas either the
professor wrote an essay alleging racism
in the
really military and when a Columbia grad
student who had served in the Israeli
military dared to object via email
Dabashi forded the message to Columbia
admins saying given the military record
of this person I also feel physically
threatened and asking for security to
protect his person from potential attack
by a militant slanderer his request was
denied but when it comes to Dabashi
perhaps the most bizarre bit of
doublethink is that the professor writes
about the intersection between Islam ISM
and Liberation Theology that's right
Columbia employs a professor who
researchers how Islamism which of course
includes Sharia law leads to freedom oh
and he also seems to agree with Karl
Marx's notion that violence is at the
crux of all political acts
what a fine Ivy League education his
students must be getting for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
