just a quick one on the Electoral
Commission today now if you don't know
what the Electoral Commission is it's an
independent allegedly independent body
that was settled by the British
Parliament and it oversees all the
elections so it registers people who
want to stand for election it registers
parties it maintains accounts blah blah
blah and I saw the story today leave do
you find 70,000 pounds for breaking
electoral law during a referendum now I
know Aaron Banks who's the big funder
behind leaved
EU is disputing this he's saying
actually it's just a disagreement over
how much management was paid during the
referendum and you know that this this
always happens when you're spending
millions and millions and millions and
you go a few thousand over I mean it's
gonna happen at some point there's going
to be some kind of dispute so as far as
I know Aaron banks has taken to this
court this to court we'll see how that
pans out and by the way it's not just
the brexit side that's been in trouble
for stuff like this the other side's had
difficulty with it as well that's it's
bound to happen in a referendum where
people are paying millions and millions
and millions and millions and battling
like hell for a proper resort and by the
way my I add the left are now going to
start talking about how this voids brags
in fact there is an article here here we
go in it's in The Guardian of all places
what did leave the EU do wrong and could
its breaches stop breaks it it's already
started
that's what they want to do is they all
they want to do is use any little thing
to try and stop Bragg's it oh they might
have spent a few thousand over well
actually let's talk about not just brags
its side spending a few thousand pounds
extra on management why aren't we
talking about the leaf worth of her
Majesty's Government sent out to every
single home in the country without
giving right of reply to the other side
you remember this leaflet why the
government believes that voting to
remain in the European Union is best
decision for the UK rather than the
burning mine in
open fire that was quite fun but you
know that it was completely unfair
completely unbalanced and if levy you
paid a few thousand extra in management
fees then I don't see how that's worthy
of overturning the brexit referendum
results but I saw a video of Aaron banks
talking about the Electoral Commission
in particular and I thought it was
interesting watch this
they don't just enforce them against a
le le vieux que so you can't really
claim a political witch-hunt any
absolutely look what the Chairman the
Electoral Commission said that the
brexit campaign was a collection of
Euroskeptic nonsense one of the other
board members said I agree with Tony
Blair the referendum result should be
overturned you know another one said the
young should ignore the result of the
referendum this is a collection of form
of politicians in the Liberal Party the
SNP ex labor leader councils which I
mean one thing that mazes me is why is
our electoral process being overseen by
former husband politicians appointed to
a body fine point why is it that the
Electoral Commission is packed full of
former politicians and people with clear
bias and it made me think about a story
of my own a few years ago when I stood
for election I know I've mentioned it a
few times now that I stood for election
please don't think that I stood for a
big party or did very well at all it
only takes a quick cursory search to see
that my election results have not been
amazing but I've only ever stood for a
small party so there we go but there was
a story here and it's when I stood for
election in that one was it was a 20 20
15 20 anyway the articles from 2016 I
forget my exact direction but I received
notice oh wait 2016 so this was the
election when I stood for Joe Cox to see
him battling in Spain that was the one
so I received a judgment from the
Electoral Commission on my slogans now
you're allowed to register a party name
or a description when you stand for
election and we chose to go for a
description rather than just the party
name because without boring you the logo
had the name in it so we thought we'll
use the description to give voters one
last reason to vote for
so I gave them six options no five
options vote for real people not
politicians Western civilization British
culture free speech halt immigration
tackle extremism defend freedom halt
immigration and extremism defend freedom
and replace corrupt politicians vote
Liberty GB now I got notice from the
electoral commission saying I'm writing
to inform you that under the
Commission's duty to maintain the
register of political parties
descriptions and emblems in accordance
with the requirements of the political
parties elections and referendums act
2000 we have conducted a review of your
party identifier this has resulted in
some of your party descriptions being
removed from the register for reasons of
not meeting the statutory requirements
of blah blah blah the review was carried
out as part of the commission
considering the register in the context
of the forthcoming battery and spend
parliamentary by-election taking into
account the likely impact on voters
thereof the tragic circumstances that
have caused the need for a bio action so
things are sensitive the review
identified the following registered
party descriptions are in the opinion of
the Commission offensive and they listed
those five options I gave you including
Western civilization British culture
free speech Western civilization British
culture free speech is offensive and
this is of course according to the
Electoral Commission which is unbiased
by the way so I said at the time the
idea that the British Electoral
Commission could consider Western
civilization British culture of free
speech to be offensive is extremely
telling first I was attacked just for
standing in the election and now I'm
being punished and I was but this isn't
the only thing I've had with the
Electoral Commission there have been
multiple other instances so it will be
interesting to see whether Aaron Banks
can take these sods to courts the
Electoral Commission have far too much
control they have far too much sway over
even minor just things that they think
are minor decisions but actually are big
decisions for smaller parties this is a
bias organisation in my opinion so I
wish Erin banks the very best of luck in
pursuing this in court if he does end up
doing that
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
