because I was the only conservative in
the legislature for six consecutive
votes really just kind of having the man
the whole thing myself
the NDP thought that without more than
one MLA opposing them and they could do
anything they want they decided to
triple the size of their no protest
censorship zone so it's now instead of
50 meters it's 150 meters now and this
is what happens when you don't have any
opposition they're told they're not
you're not even allowed to show up for
debate and you're not allowed to speak
to it and you're not allowed to vote on
a period I think the vast majority of
them don't agree with their strategy on
this and I can see shame in their eyes
when they're when they're playing Red
Rover running in and out they want to be
there debating and one of you they're
voting doing their most fundamental and
basic job as MLAs but they're told
they're not allowed to for party
leadership and the whip and you know as
as I can attest it's not a very good
career move to to defy what the bosses
say a key condition of my support
reunification and for Jason Kenny's
leadership was the grass roots guarantee
that the grassroots members get to drive
unification the grassroots members get
to pick who their candidate for MLA is
not the leader and the grassroots
members get to set the policies of the
party then the instant they decide
something that he didn't want he says
well at the end of the day you sure
they're believing Jason Kenney said to
me that he would not support my return
to the caucus and write the next
election unless I decided to unless I
moved to a different constituency to run
and his quote that he said to me was how
would it look if one of our only two
women was defeated in the nomination by
some bearded blond redneck and no I
don't take a redneck as a pejorative
term and I and I don't think she meant
it as such I would be free to run in any
other constituency and including other
parts of my constituency that were
conjoined with other neighboring
constituencies with incumbent male UCD
MLS but not against female UCP MLAs and
you know so it was pretty clear to me
that if this was a true no-style gender
quota
that with the way Trudeau does it is
actually probably better which is hard
very sad to say he does at least in the
open people were very upset that they
were being denied the right to pick
their own candidate for MLA and a lot of
people encouraged me to either run as an
independent conservative or to begin a
new Conservative Party a lot of people
in Alberta are talking about
independence right now I'm not there I
still want I believed in Canada and want
Canada to work but Canada is broken I
was the very first conservative in the
legislature to to call for the
conservative of for the unification of
the conservative family in Alberta I'm
not sure that that was the right
decision anymore I really believed it
was necessary but now I'm seeing very
dangerous signs that this new party is
not looking like the new fresh party
that I hoped it would be living up to
the grass roots guarantee but it is
looking dangerously close to the
entitlement to power and and self
conceit of the Tories of old not as bad
as it was under the height of Jim
Prentice when they thought they would
rule the universe but I'm seeing very
dangerous signs and I really want the
United conservative party to succeed and
be the party that I thought it was that
we were founding that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
