if new proposals from the sentencing
council of England and Wales go through
then you could go to prison for six
years if you dare to say anything about
the religion of peace on the internet so
I remember of reports back in October
2017 it was a report originally by the
Guardian but it was reported on in
Breitbart which is where I saw it and
the article title was UK to imprison
people who view far-right propaganda
online for up to 15 years and according
to the Guardian it said a new maximum
penalty of 15 years imprisonment will
also apply to terrorists who published
information about members of the Armed
Forces police and intelligence services
for the purposes of preparing acts of
terrorism so you know what the show ders
was not only were they targeting the
far-right propaganda as they call it
they were targeting actual terrorists so
this was an inclusive attempt to try and
stop extremism in the UK which we all
know is ludicrous I mean trying to lump
in quote-unquote far-right activists or
whatever they want to call them with is
unless you are literally blowing up kids
is ludicrous a lot of these
quote-unquote far-right people and far
out propaganda is actually focused on
countering the attempts by the Islamic
extremists so it's it's completely
ludicrous I mean don't get me wrong
there are far-right people in the UK
extremists write whatever you want to
call them the National Action types than
they are Nazis but you'd struggle to get
a hundred in a room I mean it's hardly
an uprising but now the new news is UK
proposes six-year prison sentences for
online posts against religion
transgender so not only are you facing
up to 15 years in prison if you're found
viewing far-right propaganda I don't
know what qualifies a far-right
propaganda is this video far-right
propaganda and I far-right propaganda
maybe I'm not famous enough maybe maybe
one day I'll be far-right propaganda as
described by the government but this
article's it's talking about people
promoting hostility towards a religion
or the transgendered online could get
much harsher sentences of up to six
years in jail especially if they have
large online audiences according to new
proposals so let's take a look at this
now
this comes from changes that were
drafted by the Sentencing Council for
England and Wales in the document and if
you go on page 50 Public Order offenses
consultation it talks about culpability
so it's talking about people who are
found guilty of having said something
offensive that might target someone for
the religion or for their gender or
whatever even though by the way most of
these people that they're talking about
aren't targeting people individually
they're just talking about a wider
problem of an ideology whether that's
hard left ideology and hard left
ideologues or Islamic ideology but here
it's talking about culpability on page
50 and it says a high called high
culpability offender imposition of trust
Authority or influence and abuses their
position to stir up hatred intention to
incite serious violence and persistent
activity so the intention to incite
serious violence shouldn't really apply
to people like us I mean most of us I
went to shoot most most of you watching
this are against inciting violence
persistent activity well I'm pretty
persistent I do two videos a day and I
talk about some of the things that
you're not allowed to talk about on this
list and also an offender imposition of
trust now who might that be they're
probably talking about teachers and
things like that
so if a teacher dare come out and say
something about the religion of peace
then they're gonna get locked up for a
very long time not only will they risk
losing their job not only will they lose
their career forever not only will they
be hounded out of the profession and
attacked from people in the street
they'll also be sent to prison for six
years for saying something pretty
mundane I imagine like Islam rejects
man-made law Oh racist six years in
prison
it also says Authority or influence and
abuses their position to stir up hatred
so this immediately made me think of
people like anne-marie Waters who have a
huge online following and are unengaged
in persistent activity say something
regularly enough and have a big enough
online platform you're going to prison
so that's actually quite scary I have
wondered for a long time why I've not
been
yeah I certainly hope it doesn't happen
I mean this whole online community is
being constantly battered over the
freedom of speech think you know so the
point where the left are even eating
their own now they're attacking us and
they're eating their own like that drag
queen I was defending the other day so
not only are we facing the constant
abuse from the left the harassment the
bullying the nastiness the the violence
now we've got the government going after
us for daring to say anything about a
religion that demonstratively
demonstrably hates us
you know this religion from its act over
the last however many years I mean quite
obvious to us that they have a problem
with us and when Isis tells us this is
Islam Islam makes us do this and Islam
makes us hate you
hoo-wee to say that Islam Isis are wrong
who are we to say I to Isis that you are
not Muslims they are and but me even
saying this is going to send me to
prison
apparently so I'm reading on in this
article it talks about the proposals
will now be subject to a three-month
public consultation ending in August so
towards the end of the summer we should
know exactly what's happening with these
proposals the launch comes nine months
after the Crown Prosecution Service
promised to peruse online hate crime as
vigorously as those taking face-to-face
saying they hope to see more
prosecutions with longer sentences of
those convicted of hate online now let's
be honest here the the cps has promised
to peruse online hate crime more
vigorously i mean of course they're
gonna do that if they want to make it
look like they're actually doing
something isn't it easier to just sit a
load of police officers on their ass in
an office with computers and just say oh
search this offensive word on twitter
and let's arrest anyone who uses it it's
far easier to do that it makes them look
like they're being proactive meanwhile
stabbing sprees are going on in london
burglaries are happening in london the
police do nothing about it I'm not
giving you spiel by the way I'm not
trying to be a shock doc here it's true
burglaries don't get as solved in London
anymore I know people who've been
burgled and the police just say to them
oh well what can you do so this shows
real corruption here real corruption
I know it's a cliche but it's very much
1984 so I guess we'll just have to keep
an eye on this one and let's take a look
again in August and see if any of us
need to start packing our overnight bags
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
