president Trump's press conference
yesterday estate and really was the only
took about three questions was I thought
and look I'm a trump supporter I'm a
partisan you were a trump delegate but
but objectively analyzing this I thought
it was one of the most presidential
statements I've heard in a very long
time it was clear decisive sustained
lasted about 20 minutes he said all the
things we expected him to say the deal
was defective at its core it was a
terrible deal Iran was cheating they're
relying he's in play he's immediately
placing the sanctions back on Iran
they're gonna be some of the most
restrictive but I want to talk about the
nuance now you were with the CIA you
understand diplomatic nuance I thought
you had three things that happened that
were very interesting to me one is that
he drew the distinction between the
Iranian people under the Shah who was
that at the end he mentioned North Korea
and that Secretary of State Pompeo was
in the air there so I felt like that
speech was really for North Korea as
much as for Iran and third when he left
the room the camera briefly hung when he
walked back into the White House on the
shot of Mike Pence vice president Mike
Pence and national security adviser John
Bolton and me that was purposeful and
Trump was telling the world forget the
fake news
we're a unified team there's a new
sheriff and new deputies in town what we
should take away you're exactly right
about the unified front and it is very
important what he said and very it was
really laudable his he talked about you
know that he priests like Parisian
culture and he did make a distinction
between the leadership and the people
because that is the real vulnerability
here you know what we've seen in the
past couple of years street
demonstrations this year in particular
that the regime is really embattled
right now and this is going to further
put them on the defensive these recent
Israeli humiliation some strikes in
Syria that killed Iranians
I wish knowing that the Western world is
pushing back and the people are
increasingly dissatisfied so he's
empowering them by saying and basically
almost the the underwritten what he what
he didn't say but it's apparent is that
if there were for instance
demonstrations to break out the United
States would not be afraid to support
them
so this is a very Reagan s kind of thing
where we did the same thing with the
Soviet Union you know ray always tried
to empower the Russian people against
their oppressors and so it's the same
kind of thing here so that's a really
it's really positive news without what I
want to see the next step I want to see
is I want to see him meet with leading
Iranian dissidents which we had
positively infuriate the theocracy in
Iran really important content we discuss
every day I want to bring it to you
every day help me do that
subscribe to our premium service at WWWE
a forward slash shows go to the App
Store download the great rebel app and
go to fire Scott Israel com find our
petition to have Broward County Sheriff
that incompetent horrible guy removed
from office by Florida Governor Rick
Scott as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
