the city of Burnaby British Columbia has
erected concrete barriers to keep the
anti oil protestors there safe I might
actually be in favor of this and today
I'll tell you why the city of Burnaby is
ground zero for the protests against
Kinder Morgan's trans mountain pipeline
expansion and the municipal government
there seems pretty okay with it now why
do I say that
well according to global news BC's
Jordan Armstrong the city is making it
easier to be a lawless goon holding up
the Canadian economy now those are my
words not Armstrong's but this is what
Armstrong tweeted city of Burnaby
officials says city spent sixty thousand
dollars to install these temporary
concrete barriers at anti Kinder Morgan
protest camp following complaints from
protesters and area residents about
their safety from passing vehicles do
you see those barriers there those are
there for the protesters because they
don't know camping beside the road is
dangerous and that can't well it's an
Occupy Redux hobo squad called Camp
cloud 60,000 taxpayer dollars for
brand-new concrete barriers to keep
people who are illegally camping beside
a road safe and comfortable how much
would it cost to remove those tents and
then just throw them in the dumpster
because I'm pretty frugal but I would
chip in for that how about these
protesters quit squatting on public
property cancel their little illegal
camping trip and just go the hell home
they're breaking the law and the
protests are getting increasingly more
violent there have been at least 175
arrests and some of those people were
arrested for assaulting police officers
who are enforcing a court injunction to
keep these wackadoodles away from Kinder
Morgan work sites and employees why is
the city of Burnaby making life easier
for these derelicts this mixed bag of
nuts if civilized society has learned
anything from the Occupy protests from
2008 it's to not offer these anti cane
extremists food and comfort it only
encourages them they're sort of like
stray cats that way you can't give them
any scraps if you don't feed them they
just move on what's next is the city of
Burnaby going to give these protesters
free Wi-Fi I wouldn't put it past them I
mean this is being done at the behest of
Burnaby married Eric Corrigan who once
proudly said he supports these protests
and once even said he would participate
in them and expressed a willingness to
even go to the slammer if it meant
blocking the Kinder Morgan pipeline
Corrigan told an anti Kinder Morgan
meeting in 2015 we're going to ride this
thing through to the very end because if
we're not going to win it here we're
going to win it in the courts and we're
going to continue to fight if we go to
court we're going to go to court with
clean hands and ensure we've done
everything humanly possible before I
stand with you and probably 10,000 other
people and get arrested to stop this
pipeline that's a hard thing to promise
for a lawyer and a mayor it will
probably be the end of my career but if
I end my career on that note it will be
something that I'm very proud of that I
stood my ground now this is the very
same mayor who refuses to pay for the
increased policing costs related to
managing and containing these ongoing
protests the mayor says he supports and
would jump in on but the mayor found
money for concrete barriers money to
keep illegal kook's safe as they commit
their illegal cookery but nothing to
help the cops cops who are under
constant assault nothing to help the
cops deal with the madness Corrigan
invited into his City Corrigan is on the
side of the criminal safety and not on
the side of the cops who keep his
community safe but the more I think
about this the more I might think it's a
good idea actually
I'd like the city of Burnaby to do much
much more to keep the protesters safe
I'm asking them to go much further I
want the concrete barriers to go all the
way around the protesters to keep them
really really safe and I think the
barrier should be
a lot higher maybe 10 or 12 feet tall
for safety's sake and wouldn't it be
great if there was like razor wire on
top of those 12-foot tall concrete
barriers again to keep the protesters
safe from danger and let's keep the
protesters in there for a little bit you
know until all the danger against them
has just gone away and we should bring
in some armed guards to really make sure
no danger befalls these folks you know
make that camp cloud look a lot like a
Burnaby jail for the rebel media I'm
Shiela gun Reid fake news is everywhere
but the good news is so are we because
you can get the rebel in a new mobile
app it's available on the Google Play
Store or the Apple App Store download it
give it a try and take the other side of
the story with you wherever you go
you
