but were you told that Salah abdel-salam
was a suspected terrorist in Mali but
were you given that list were you given
that information in October 2016 15 yes
well we had a list but this list was
known I just I had a list of a few names
names well I would say more than 30
names but it was not the job of the
local police to follow those people this
is the job of the federal police and
still now is the job but if a hundred
and thirty people died on 415 people are
injured if that was my daughter and you
said but it wasn't our job I would
really want to I would real angry at you
wouldn't know which still angry every
day yeah but that you were given a list
and you said it's not my job
you were given a list no no no this list
this was those people are maybe supposed
to be the terrorists I think it makes it
better I don't think it makes it better
and you didn't is anything of course
that's why I am angry because I live in
London and my children are a risk every
day but what if given that list you just
gonna grab those people nothing would
have happened this Paris will understand
police look l can arrest people
we are not April what are we it's not we
can't listen you just can't catch people
when they if this if I do something yeah
on on the fact but we can't arrest
people
no that's not having well and thank you
I do appreciate your time I appreciate
you honestly and I appreciate you being
a teacher because referring people
especially for people from the United
States or from England I don't talk
about it and you always come with this
list you do and because you didn't make
anything with this list we couldn't
arrest we cannot arrest people I just
don't know but you must understand but
you would understand if it was your
child that was slaughtered you would say
I wish we'd just done something I think
you would
I mean I'm administrative authority I
don't have the power to arrest people
yeah I'm not sure no no I understand
I understand and I respect you taking
the time to destroy it no but somebody
has no difference between their as a
mother of a dead child you don't make
that distinction you know I understand I
understand but as administrative
authority I have to of course thank you
very much for your time I appreciate it
I appreciate you talking to me
thank you okay I feel I feel
but because I didn't know that I was
gonna meet the mayor and for a long time
I've known that she had the list with
that terrorist name on and I knew she
did nothing
it wasn't her job
and she said I understand where people
were angry if someone kills your child
you're always gonna be for all the rest
of your life anyway I just wasn't quite
ready to find that hard because I hold
her responsible I'm here to bring you
the truth from the jihadi capital of
Europe we've kept expenses to an
absolute minimum but if you can
contribute I'd be grateful at Hopkins
WorldCom
you
