do you ever feel like someone's watching
you not to freak you out or anything but
they are now I'm not talking about that
guy in the window next door but the box
of doughnuts and binoculars I'm talking
about companies about corporations I
think we were all genuinely a little
shaken up by the whole Facebook privacy
data breach thing but trust me it could
be a lot worse we could be like China
where there are a hundred and seventy
six million cameras in the country
tracking you and by 2020 they hope to
have six hundred million cameras
installed gives new and terrifyingly
real meaning to the phrase big brother
is watching you and you thought 1984 was
just a dystopic novel having died in
1950 Orwell clearly already had a
glimpse of the future
now that's China that's not the US and
believe it or not the Internet was not
the beginning of this evil tracking game
you know those those clothing tags that
felt like they had some type of metal
inside of them you cut them off and
throw them in the trash and basically
just forget about them well that wasn't
just a really stiff tag it had an RFID
inside and companies used the data
collected from it for marketing purposes
but that's just clothing no big deal
right well another company that
unfortunately I'm forced to use if I
want to purchase concert tickets
Ticketmaster they are tired of the old
tried-and-true ticket method yeah that
was so 2017 they want to trash tickets
and just use your face your mug your
moneymaker your bodily storefront Ticket
Master has partnered with a facial
recognition software company blink
identity so that you can go to a concert
without a ticket with a digital handcuff
sure but no ticket oh how nice of them
because no one carries a purse or a
wallet or a phone or a fanny pack or
anything might as well just do away with
pockets but then where would you put
your lipstick blink identity claims that
they can register a person's face the
moment they walk past the sensor
matching their face against their
massive database in half a second does
this remind you of a news story that
you've heard recently just last month a
criminal suspect in ding ding ding China
was arrested at a concert after facial
recognition
technology identified him now we can't
entirely blame this on the companies we
have willingly relinquished a great deal
of our privacy in the name of
convenience I'm harping on on these
people and demonizing these companies
but I've got an iPhone X and how do i
unlock my iPhone X with facial
recognition technology believe me I had
a major issue with it to begin with it's
creepy as hell but guess what it saves
me from having to type in a four digit
passcode so it literally saves me like I
don't know half a second totally
justifiable so after getting rid of
tickets Ticketmaster is going to rename
their company face just face because no
more tickets and Master has a racist
implication I'm just kidding but if we
keep going in this direction it's not
going to be good and speaking of tickets
Abe Lincoln had a brighter future when
he picked up his tickets at the box
office thanks for watching everybody I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary head on over to the rebel
and subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
