if any of you went to the date for
freedom March in London on Sunday you
probably saw the mid time show by a drag
queen performer called Vance Yvonne glow
take a look at this
this we know
does anybody know what we are
now I've seen a lot of uproar about this
night don't quite understand the uproar
I wasn't at the event myself but a lot
of people that went were complaining
that there was a drag act involved I've
seen loads of backlash online from
nationalists types who were complaining
that it wasn't the right place to do it
and it makes me wonder if a freedom of
speech event is not the right time for a
man to come out in a dress and to sing
shin-hye twain then what is the right
event because this was a freedom of
speech event it wasn't specifically a
conservative or a nationalist event I
mean sargon of akkad was there all these
different people were there with
differing views who were there to
promote freedom of speech and so when I
saw vanity doing that I thought
fantastic now let me make my views clear
on this I'm not a big fan of drag I'd
put it this way you're not gonna find me
a drag Club put it that way but the
old-school drag queens I've come to kind
of respect a bit because the old-school
drag queens and I'm not talking about
the the new types that the younger ones
the ones that are indoctrinating
eight-year-old kids into setting up
their own drag clubs mmm the old-school
drag queens had their underground
societies their freaks they know they're
freaks and it's a bit of fun that
doesn't bother me I mean as long as
they're not bringing in children which
the old-school ones certainly aren't I'm
fine with that so hats off to vanity van
Gogh for doing this but then the obvious
happened I mean this was always going to
happen the minute somebody from the
lgbtq wir t exclamation mark community
appears at an event with the likes of
Tommy Robinson so here's an article from
pink news drag queen vanity van Gogh
faces anger after peering far-right
propaganda rally now first off it's been
called far-right far-right far-right
this event for the last week or so it's
far-right far-right far-right when
you've got liberals there sargon of
akkad
when you've got drag queens they're
performing Shania Twain songs and the
left are saying it makes no sense why
would a drag queen a beer a far-right
rally
well good point why what a drag queen
appear at a far-right rally perhaps
logic might tell you it wasn't a fault I
granny I mean there's the obvious
conclusion the article says here drag
artist vanity von glowers responded to
criticism after appearing alongside
far-right activists of free speech rally
the London drag act real named Tom glow
performed at the day for freedom protest
on Sunday May 6 but she was introduced
by Tommy Robinson the former leader of
the English Defence League and it goes
on and on and on but what's interesting
about this is the backlash is so
horrendous the backlash is doing nothing
but attempting to shut down this guy's
career so the let's take a look at these
tweets vanity bongo performed yesterday
Annie do organised mega supported
Hopkins lauded Myra praise right-wing
rally are great a drag queen I actually
know performed at a racist far-right
rarey in central London remember that
her name is vanity van glow when you
tell your local club not to book her so
there has been an online systematic
campaign to get vanity van glow banned
from venues and to ruin vanities career
and it worked
so let's take a look at this so the
campaign to get van T van glow fired
from all the venues that he performs
that has worked her upstairs which I
believe is a queer bar whatever eyes has
announced that they've cancelled any
bookings so this is what their statement
says from her upstairs at her upstairs
we value everyone's right to speak
freely hmm but we do not endorse
discrimination of any kind and/or speech
and values that threaten the safety and
support of any and all members of our
community or any community the day of
freedom was deemed far-right propaganda
masquerading as the promotion of freedom
of speech yes it was deemed that that
doesn't mean it is primary endorses and
organizers stand for fundamental values
that directly contradict what we believe
in well I don't know actually because
most of the people on that stage loved
the drag queen stuff I mean they have
Milo for God's sake this is not a matter
of differing opinions instead many of
the groups that were seen to be at the
forefront of the event are built on
morals and prejudices that
fundamentally disagree with the event
was covered nationally by press and so
to plead ignorance of any of these
factors is not plausible
well vanity van Gogh did not plead
ignorance vanity just knew to rise above
it and ignore the claims made by the
crash because they're always wrong
on Sunday vanity van glow made the
choice to not only attend but to appear
onstage at the day for freedom whilst
like everyone else she has the right to
freedom of speech her alignment was such
an event calls into question her motives
and her ethics as part of the performers
whom we work now presumably her upstairs
have known vanity Bongo for years and
years and worked with her so they think
that the fact that vanities stood up and
done this event changes her I mean her
alignment with such an event calls into
question her motives what motives do you
think vanity hands vanity did not
perform a scheduled last night so
they've canceled her from the venue we
like everyone else await vanity
statement explaining why she was there
as it stands she will no longer be
booked at her upstairs well done you
awful people well done I mean no matter
what you think of drag drag queens I
mean I've had people last night who were
moaning at me for supporting the rights
of a drag queen I don't care what this
person does this person deserves to make
a living especially if they've you know
worked hard at it for years and made a
name for themselves this is what happens
to Martina Marco toe in New York when
she was performing his lady alchemy you
know performing all these big venues and
then when they find out that she's a
trump supporter they harass her and get
their cancel from all the venues she
worked at harassed her agents so much
that she could never be booked and
Drouet drove her out the city this is
appalling behavior I saw as well that
this is the total ignorance of her life
not only they driving this poor guy out
of his work Ryan Broderick who's one of
the bluetick people on on Twitter
deputy global news director for BuzzFeed
said a UK drag queen at a protest
against globalism is singing Shania
Twain's a Canadian song because Shania
tane said she would hypothetically have
voted for Trump in the US presidential
election I love that he sticks in a
Canadian in there as if somehow being
anti globalism means being anti Canadian
it's amazing so anyway let's let me just
finish this up by saying that vanity
bungalow is released
statement and it's a long statement you
can read it yourself on the vanity on
glow facebook mmm and he says as many of
you know yesterday I performed a free
speech event on Whitehall as a constant
she enters community many of you have
reached out with concerns that I shared
a platform with controversial figures
Tommy Robinson and the Annapolis for me
the ability to disagree civilly to
differ well if you will is one of the
building blocks of every meaningful
relationship in my life that is spot on
disagree with vanity Vaughn glow or you
like disagree with the fact that valent
it does drag if you want but the
behavior of people not just from the
left but also some people from the right
saying that will you know this person
deserves to lose their job and now that
this person is losing their job because
were right-wing and we don't like drag
we can't support their rights no you can
the whole point of this event the whole
point of this movement is to show that
people do deserve the right to say and
think what they they want to enjoy this
basis of a free civilization which has
got as where we are today and to oppose
the authoritarianism and the bullying of
the left and so to vanity Vaughn glow
well done from me well done and I'm
sorry to see that you're suffering from
this if you want to see more from me and
the rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
