imagine a world where you get on an
elevator and upon being asked which
floor you want to visit respond with
ladies lingerie then just hours later
you have a complaint filed against you
and a professional academic organization
demanding you apologize for the joke
that's what's happening to one professor
let's take a look with books like
demilitarizing masculinities in the age
of empire comments comparing Israel to a
rapist and Palestinians to rape victims
a Facebook page featuring a cat but no
husband and the short cropped hair of
women who refused to be oppressed by the
patriarchy gender studies professor
Simona Cerrone is precisely the type of
person you'd expect to take an offhand
joke and turn it into a political weapon
to try and destroy someone's career the
Mary Mack college professor reported
King's College London political theory
professor Richard Ned LeBeau for saying
ladies lingerie when asked which floor
he wanted to visit on an elevator
because you know at first it's only a
harmless joke but next thing you know
this 76 year old man will be out raping
in broad daylight Sharona and LeBeau
were attending a conference in San
Francisco of course held by the
International Studies Association and
her complaint to the is a sure Oni said
I am still trying to come to terms with
the fact that she and another colleague
froze and didn't confront him as a
survivor of sexual harassment in the
Academy I am quite shaken by this
incident wow this is sad not only
because even the Washington Post
columnist and commenters think sharona's
complaint was silly but also because
this kind of petty vindictive behavior
gives all sexual abuse activism a bad
rap including people who are actually
trying to prevent serious stuff like
rape anyway when he found out she had
complains LeBeau wrote to Sharona
saying he had no desire to insult women
or to make her feel uncomfortable
calling her complaint frivolous and
saying that like her he is strongly
opposed to the exploitation coercion or
humiliation of women as such evils
continue it seems to me to make sense to
back to our attention to real offenses
not those that are imagined or marginal
you think that would be enough damage
control right but the elderly professor
seems to have forgotten that nothing
short of complete and utter submission
will satisfy these power-hungry culture
warriors is a executive director mark
Boyer called Lobos joke offensive and
inappropriate said that his calling the
complaint frivolous was an even more
serious violation and ordered him to
censure oniy an unequivocal apology if
he doesn't want to be punished LeBeau
has refused to apologize and good on him
of course the true harasser z' in this
scenario are sure oniy in the scholarly
group for like some sort of totalitarian
police force trying to extort a false
confession out of this poor man perhaps
the International Studies Association
needs to study up a bit on what has
happened internationally in societies
that punish thoughtcrime for campus
unmasked i'm rob shamrock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
