hi I'm Martina marco de and I like to
talk about arts and culture so I have an
amazing guest today his name is Joe fish
Rob hi hi yes
he runs the artists for Trump coalition
and let you explain a little bit about
what artists for Trump is about well we
are the first art coalition established
Ford in favour of Trump and that is we
created the first open call back in 2016
and from my understanding we are still
we are the only still functioning Pro
Trump art establishment so you might
know my story about how I got
blacklisted in the arts in New York City
and it ruined my career absolutely
ruined my career so what kind of artists
do you guys have like what is this about
what you know what kind of thing are you
trying to do here is it for people like
be absolutely yes
it's actually for everyone anyone who
wants to join us may join it's open to
absolutely everyone we have open arms we
we have some really impressive
heavyweight artists some some we have
Scott Lovato dr. Timothy Timothy Lim ah
gypsy Freeman Richard Dion we have a
Sabu these are really heavy hitters
these are some fantastic artists
absolutely I'm familiar with a few of
them I'm where I work with a Timothy Lim
and he did the the Trump space force is
that correct that's the same Timothy
lives okay and the thump which is really
great and gipsy Freeman I actually
reached out I think it's a her right I
think I reached out to her back in 2016
I think is when she got attacked I think
they tried to revoke one of her prizes
that she wants you won some competition
and they
she was a trump supporter and her work
is incredible it's really really good
it's really high fashion really amazing
stuff so I vibe went a lot with her and
I've known stable for years uh way back
when Obama was president if we could
remember that now and I was looking hey
where are other conservative artists
like I don't know any are there any
other ones and I came across table many
many years ago and we've been pretty
tight ever since on the Internet and so
it's really amazing to see that you're
doing some sort of coalition like this I
was hoping for something like this to
happen yes there really needs to be a
platform for I what I consider the wave
of the future um this is the direction
contemporary art is going and these are
the artists who really can see hey these
are the changes that are happening and
not only one really gets it yet but you
know it's understandable because we have
what kind of censored in many ways
there's a lot of there's a lot of
enemies out there that really want to
silence us and that's very unfortunate
but hey I'm here to put this together
these are some coalition's so that we
our voices can be heard and you know we
can have that kind of sense of unity
because this is a movement this is this
is really it's a pro-western movement
it's it's something that that is kind of
obvious when you step back and look at
things from a macro perspective right
exactly I you know I'm really interested
to see what what this fight media bias
is all about well you know yeah it's
it's kind of the medium when you know
there's the mainstream American media
especially but really Western media in
general it really it's it's it's very
extreme in an MA in a anti Western
perspective and it's it's so odd it just
doesn't represent really the Western
ideals or values or or
of the future they kind of have instead
this this this goal of of kind of
eliminate even people of indigenous
western descent which is unethical to
say the least
you have people within the New York
Times for example who have this you know
cancel white people thing going on
really and that can be you can sum it up
is that is the mission statement of the
mainstream American media it's just it's
wrong it's unethical we've personally
been kind of sidelined and dismissed we
had a show at Howard Community College
show and the post who interviewed me and
many of the members in the show for
close to a year they just they decided
they weren't going to have any
references to the show at all so they're
they're really um they're not doing what
their job is to to shed light on reality
that they're they're trying to twist
reality into their anti-western agenda
and it's it's I don't have to go anyhow
the the artist in our organization an
artist you who are considering joining
they they they're they you know they
think to us and they look to us and they
say hey you know that's that's something
they have an argument it's it's a it's a
real valid point and the more you think
about it the more you realize hey you
know this is this is not only is it the
just an ethical way of looking at things
but but we have we have a actual
artistic move in itself yes politics and
aesthetics there's actually an
intertwining there yeah absolutely
realize that those with the extreme view
of kind of a guilty west narrative they
kind of want to pin this an aquarium and
cause these horrible names because they
would they want to create this this this
view of being this is what indigenous
Westerner as someone who needs to be
indefinitely punished for past misty
and it's just this is not something
that's going to end it will be an
indefinite kind of punishment for lack
of a better term so yeah so what is this
coalition what exactly do you guys -
you're just researching and bringing
together a
artists that are like-minded or do you
have another purpose for this kind of
thing well uh really I think we we kind
of share that that kind of pro-western
of you and we see that that that that is
the future of contemporary art and it's
it's not sustainable for Westerners to
be to be kind of suicidal in their in
their attack of themselves it's just
that just not it's not the right it's
not just it's not the right kind of
mindset so yeah it's pretty degenerative
yeah we're coming from from a completely
different perspective and you know we're
actually becoming a real movement here
and it's becoming a real big deal and as
we grow we get bigger it's I'm impressed
every day as as the people continue to
kind of trickle in and join and it's
it's it's something I'm very proud of
where can people find you and join well
we have a website artist for Trump
coalition calm and that's our main
website and you can look up the website
and we have contacts there and you can
count Peruzzi and browse all the winners
we've had and the open calls and things
like that so what what is this open car
fight needed that fight be this they'll
fight media bias and it's it's we have
till January 2019 so which actually
isn't that far away but uh
so all this artists out there who are
interested in in you know considering
you have time to create
and create something fantastic that's
awesome yeah I mean there's different
types of artwork as well I mean the left
hugely focus on political stuff and
degenerate things and they love ugly
they hate the beautiful and so I see
like in your list I mean there's people
that do political stuff like Sabo and
Timothy has done some you know Trump
chumpy type things and then you have
people like gipsy Freeman and myself I
would say that are just artists you know
we're just focused on making beautiful
creative stuff and in a way that is also
saving the West you know because how the
left love to destroy destroy they love
ugly they hate the beauty so people like
gipsy and myself lady alchemy love to
create beauty and and make something
fabulous even if it isn't directly Trump
or political so that's really exciting
to see a variety of different stuff on
your list absolutely come from all walks
of life yeah but I tend to think that
our side does have a conservative way
about it even if it's not political like
I said beauty and bringing anything like
that into the art is in a way saving the
West but what else do you see in
contemporary art where do you see it
going and what do you see for our side
of it going well let's see here i I see
if you think about this there's been
lots of talk about you know what what is
where is the center of art now you have
critics like Matthew Collins who said
you know a painting is in the center
anymore and and I kind of I kind of see
that with with anti-western art right
pro-western art is is is is the new
center it is is where things will be
gravitating towards because any other
way is not sustainable you cannot be
suicidal forever with
eventually committing suicide so we
don't want to commit suicide we want we
we aspire for life and we are we are we
enjoy our live and we want to kind of
savor the the moment of living and and
and focus on on the good so we we are
the power of good and so you know Trump
has opened us up to a new era really
Middle America must be heard the
indigenous indigenous Western artists
have a vast new landscape of
self-discovery ahead of them we have a
purpose identity rights identity rights
is is possibly the most just and
righteous purpose it is what makes us
human identity and then we are human
right now well thank you so much I'm
really excited to see what happens with
this coalition I'll look into it
and you have some really amazing artists
on there and I hope to see you again
soon if you have anything else you want
to say throw it at me there's your
website thank you very much we'd love to
have you join as well yes of course
remember awesome thank you very much
yeah thank you if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
