artists these days they're so edgy
they're so cool no I think they're just
morons they are disrespectful be
knighted entitled little thugs some of
them are anyway an artist in Chula Vista
California thought that a school would
be the appropriate place to paint her
mural now murals are awesome I find it
pretty fascinating when someone can take
a smaller image and transpose it onto a
huge canvas or a wall or whatever
actually one of the coolest murals I've
ever seen was in Winnipeg who I'm
repping today because they're in the
Stanley Cup Playoffs and speaking of
sports murals can depict sports figures
or events or history cultures pretty
much anything but if you are going to
paint a mural outside of a school you
might want to avoid a mural depicting an
Aztec warrior carrying the severed head
of the President of the United States on
a sphere with the president's heart in
his fist yes we are here again somehow
first of all I'm pretty sure that that
is not appropriate content for an
educational facility second of all it is
undeniably disrespectful repugnant and
frankly it's uncivilized we are so much
better than this if someone painted a
mural like this a Barack Obama the left
would go crazy and FYI so would I
any president literally any president
including Obama including Bill Clinton
including Jimmy Carter and every other
Democrat president all presidents
deserve at least a modicum of respect
the artists name is Sasha
Andrade Mercado and after the mural was
covered up due to understandably copious
amounts of outrage she whined on social
media about it blaming censorship she
also complains in the post that the
media attention has gotten out of
control in bed a reporter for Kusi news
John Sadr Minh and I quote walked in the
school's reception demanding to see the
mural with no respect whatsoever you're
concerned about respect hmm listen here
you little sniveling ignorant Butthead
you clearly haven't learned this by now
but hopefully you will you gained the
respect of others by being respectful
yourself no one owes you respect
especially after this stunt no one owes
you anything not respect not recognition
and not a damn dime for your disgusting
mural I hope that they did not pay you
but
your art is completely worthless oh and
she concluded her post with this we will
never give up to fighting for our rights
and fighting to end this racist country
that this president has created so the
racists in this country Donald Trump
created them how by sending black and
Hispanic unemployment to an all-time low
by taxing them less than the previous
administration by adding 300 thousand
jobs in his first month in office by
attempting to protect our sovereignty by
building a wall by increasing
participation in the minority labor
force get your facts straight Sasha the
only bigot I see in the scenario is you
by the way she plans to repaint the
mural elsewhere in the city so anybody
down there in Chula Vista California
keep an eye out and a spray can ready I
would normally condone graffiti but this
just might be the one time that I'll
encourage it thanks so much for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and
opinions we've got an unlimited supply
of them here at the rebel so subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE of
forward slash shows follow us on
Facebook and Twitter for all of our
latest news and download our app for the
rebel media on the App Store that way
you will have instant and easy access to
all of our latest videos and your
favorite rebel shows thanks so much for
watching I'm Amanda head for the rebel
