I'm as relevant it's May 8th and you're
watching battleground
hey welcome back we're in our second
week of our trial run of battleground
you know what it is from 12 noon eastern
time to 1 p.m. we have a live chat this
is coming to you live from our world
headquarters in an underground bunker in
Toronto what's fun about it is it's a
loose kind of show something like my
pretty show at 8:00 p.m. Eastern
it's live we have some video clips and
some other things but the main aspect of
it what makes it fun and different is
the live super chat function super chat
isn't just a word I made up it's
actually a Google name for what's
flowing on the right side of the screen
anyone can make a comment and I'll do my
best to read them but over the course of
the hour we have hundreds of comments to
make your stand out and give it a bright
highlight you click the super chat
button and for a couple bucks your your
comment is in a bright highlighted color
and it stays on the screen for a period
of time commensurate with the dough not
only is it a fun way to talk to me but
it actually supports us here at the
revel because of course we receive no
government funding so without further to
do let me launch you into today's
subjects we've got about five or six
elements I want to share with you today
we talked the other day about who the
real supermodel is Michelle Obama or
Melania Trump who do you think is the
better supermodel well it's obvious if
you look at the definition of what a
supermodel is a supermodel is someone
who graces the covers of the world's
high fashion magazines who is treated as
a glamorous queen that's Michelle Obama
by any measure can you name me a single
publication in the last year and a half
since Trump has been one the election
that has had Melania on the cover of
Vogue cosmopolitan Elle Teen Vogue
cosmopolitan chatelain whatever have you
can you name for me a single women's
magazine on whose cover millennia has
appeared I cannot but nothing I I'm
familiar with them all but I think I
would have detected it had it happened
whereas Michelle Obama was on every
cover countless times very glamorous
don't trust your lying eyes believe what
the captions in the photo says
absolutely gorgeous unlike Melania Trump
my point is the definition of a
supermodel
is are you modeling on covers of
magazines Melania Trump has been
blackballed from them because she made
the mistake of marrying a Republican it
wasn't a mistake for her when they were
in private life every celebrity wanted
to hang out with Donald in Melania Trump
they couldn't be more glamorous they
lived the glitz glitzy lifestyle they
were rap heroes I mean how many rap
songs mentioned Donald Trump and his
billionaire lifestyle and his beautiful
women hundreds I would imagine until he
made the audacious move of saying he
wanted to be president and beating the
precious one Hillary Clinton and then he
became demonized and she too by virtue
of the fact that she hung out with a
millennia tramp is very apolitical of
course as the best first ladies are but
that hasn't stopped her from being the
target of vitriol anyways um whereas
first lady's past to focus on save
literacy Melania Trump rolled out a
First Lady's program called be best and
I just want to show you a little bit
about it I don't really have a strong
opinion about it I don't have a strong
opinion about any non partisan
do-goodery it seems fine to me but you
take a look because we're going to talk
about it for a minute I'm asking you all
to join me today and commit to promoting
values such as encouragement kindness
compassion and respect in our children
with those values as a solid foundation
our kids would be better equipped to
deal with many of the Evo
in our world today together I believe we
should strive to provide kids with the
tools they need to cultivate their
social and emotional health we can ensue
teach children the importance of social
and self-awareness positive relationship
skills and responsible decision-making
once a child understands these vital
skills they will be able to communicate
openly with one another and instill
positive feelings of mutual respect
compassion and self esteem let us teach
our children the difference between
right and wrong and encourage them to be
best in their individual paths in life I
think it's literally impossible to
disagree with that I mean it is so high
level it's I mean if that was a elected
politician I would say that's so cliche
that's meaningless I don't have any
flavor there it's like salt that has no
savour but that's sort of the point for
first ladies you don't want them to be
all up in your grill with politics how
can you be against compassion and kids
and doing your best and be best you
can't be against it unless you are a
snipey leftist hater with the resistance
and of course you see millennium as a
target for your vitriol it I'm not sure
exactly what be best is about and I
don't really plan to spend the time to
figure it out it's sort of about
anti-bullying I think and being your
best I think I mean I don't know but it
I do know it's completely inoffensive as
the best first ladies are but I want you
to see some of the vitriol targeting
Melania Trump by the tolerant
progressive left you standing there just
sort of a few tweets up there
there's Geoffrey goo Terman he's got
that blue checkmark mark on on Twitter
which means he's one of the fancy people
even the first lady the United States is
orange now be best I guess I guess
that's funny here's Holly fer Guerra
O'Reilly and
blue checkmark liberal B bast sighs look
I don't really lay into Trump's family
that's what you say right before you lay
into Trump's family not even his adult
kids who are just complete assholes hey
by the way she doesn't lay into Trump's
family guys cuz because she just said
that but they're complete assholes and
the three pillars of this initiative are
great well-being social media use opioid
abuse but this slogan is awful it
doesn't mean anything but they're
assholes
and I don't lay into Trump's family guys
these are my fancy people
Brooks Sherman but I just want you to
know that these are all the fans
personally I prefer the Zoolander
version be best Derek Zoolander's
senator oh here we go Glen thrush he's
perfect he was as we saw revealed in the
Podesta email leak he was literally the
guy who would have his columns vetted by
the Hillary Clinton campaign before
sending them to his own editors he says
for non-english speakers preferably
those from your Eastern Europe is be
best an idiom in your language oh that
Melania Trump that accent she has and be
best you know we all like laughing at
accents but as as many parents have
taught their kids if someone is speaking
with an accent that means they speak one
more language than you do and in
milania's case it's five languages and
listen be best is this sort of goofy is
it be your best or is it be better I
don't know III really don't care of
course in the Obama age we had Michelle
Obama holding up Twitter hashtags like
um free our girls or whatever she tried
to do to get the the kidnapped hostages
released from Nigeria
I guess my point is the kind of abuse
focused at Melania Trump for her accent
or whatever it it's it is completely
normal and I asked you if you think I'm
too sensitive here I don't really think
I am I'm just trying to prove a point
that if the shoe were on the other foot
if anyone would dare criticize Michelle
Obama and God forbid the Obama kids oh
ho Lord thunder and jaysus there would
have been hell to pay but it's it was
just sort of standard operating
procedure with Melania because it's
different that way I mean it's different
that way um yet you attack in Canada
Rachel Notley or Kathleen Wynne and
you're a sexist pig I saw in the debates
last night Doug Ford said that Kathleen
Wynne I think is that she has a nice
smile and this was an apoplectic point
for the Ontario Liberals including her
spokesman who said I literally shake
literally shaking no you're not you're
literally faking so telling
Kathleen when she has a nice smile is a
DEFCON 1 alert but just Full Tilt
non-stop besmirching of the most
apolitical first lady in a generation
yeah that's normal because she married
Trump so she's fair game my favorite of
those tweets was one saying you know I
normally lay off those asshole children
how'd you reminder what we're doing here
we are doing a super chat every day from
12:00 noon eastern to 1:00 p.m. I just
hop on the the YouTube here we go live I
read some comments on the right have a
few little news stories I run it's
pretty loosey-goosey not a prepared
script just some videos and some
websites I want to show you if you want
me to see your comment for sure just put
it in super chat mode and it's so bright
I see it even out of the corner of my
eye on the screen I know he wanted to
Randall Alexander I was told that she
was a mail-order bride bought and paid
for
show me one Western woman who doesn't
show off her $10,000 ring I assume
you're referring to Melania Trump and
obviously you have no
Melania Trump is she was actually a
supermodel she was not a mail-order
bride if maybe I've missed an earlier
comment for you but that is really a
stupid comment everyone sort of knew
Melania Trump was from Slovenia but came
to the west and was a successful model
to call her a mail-order bride it's just
stupid and again I put the shoe on the
other foot if it was a Democrat or a
liberal woman you were objectifying in
that way saying she was just some
something bought and sold I think he
would realize how sexist that comment is
but the rules are suspended when you're
criticizing Republican real men fish
said agree rebel should make a separate
channel for daily live streams well we
have hundreds of thousands of YouTube
subscribers
so this seems like the natural place to
have the live stream if you want to get
notifications just click click at the
bottom there you can click the little
bell which since you would notice when
we do when we put new videos up or do
live streams but we are as I said we are
putting this in beta test mode is this
the right time of day is there a better
time of day
is there you know do people like this is
the super chat function worth doing all
right I want to move on to my second
story speaking of double standards and
this is a shocking one again you
wouldn't notice it if someone didn't
remind you of it but I want to show you
the Met Gala it's one of the fancy
people things and I just want to show
you some pictures of celebrities who
went to this fundraiser for a now art
gallery and the theme of the fundraiser
was appropriate make fun of interpret
the iconography of the Catholic Church
they just put up some of the photos
there
so there's Madonna and I'm just gonna
read the tweet and this is an official
tweet from the Met as you can see
Madonna takes an edgy approach to this
year's met heavenly bodies semen Met
Gala is that is that really that edgy I
mean she's dressing up as well a female
Pope or something I really can't see it
I don't really think the Madonna is edgy
anymore I think maybe she would be
edgy in the 80s but I think she's I
don't think she's edgy and I don't think
appropriating the imagery of Catholicism
is edgy at all in 2018 let me just say
the obvious here do some stick with a
burqa dress as Muhammad's youngest bride
Ayesha when she was 6 years old when
they were married and nine years old
when it was consummated oh my god that
would be edgy do some commentary on the
place of women in Islam yeah
edgy you bet but having a little fun at
the expense of the Catholic Church
ang next step put some more photos up
JLo turning heads in her Met Gala look
just put a few more up there The Daily
Show host Trevor Noah walks the Met Gala
carpet with a big old cross there he's
deeply religious man Sarah Jessica
Parker looking iconic and dressed to the
Met heavenly bodies theme one more there
we go
complete with her own set of wings Katy
Perry gets comfortable on the Met Gala
carpet I think that's it oh we got one
more here yeah and this is my favorite
Rihanna
she's the Met Gala co-chair has arrived
on the red carpet dressed as a sexy Pope
sexy Cardinal I'm not quite sure I think
that's the last photo we have there now
I gotta tell you I don't think most
Catholics are deeply hurt by this or
appalled simply because this has lost
its ability to shock I mean I suppose it
was shocking thirty years ago when the
edgy photographer Andres Serrano took a
crucifix immersed it in a vial of his
own urine took a picture of it and
called it piss Christ and that piece of
art was not only bought by publicly
funded museums but it was the toast of
the art circuit or
the Museum of Modern Art when they had
an installation called the dung Madonna
that was literally a piece of art made
of elephant excrement that's the name
the dung Madonna so it's it's all being
done and it's all so boring and it's
also safe pretending to be edgy it's
just like these same empty-headed celebs
are on Oscar night I remember during the
Bush administration where they showed
their bravery by talking so tough to
george w bush george w bush wasn't going
to arrest them and in prison and I mean
when was the last time you saw the fancy
people the lovey's as they're called in
the UK take on something actually
powerful and dangerous like actual
censorship like Iran and it's not even
dangerous to take on Iran you're in
Hollywood you're in a Manhattan it ain't
dangerous to be brave there and that's
my point
mocking Christianity and Catholicism in
particular is so old hat and boring you
know some of those tweets from that whoa
it's edgy sorry Madonna ain't edgy we
all saw her video Like a Prayer what was
that 30 years ago now it ain't actually
anymore
you try that with Sikhism Hinduism
Judaism you'll wind yourself getting a
human rights complaints you try back
with Islam you'll get yourself a pop
threat that's what'll happen all right
you know what you know that it's bad
when even Piers Morgan takes a crack at
let me show you his column in the Daily
Mail he says if the Met Gala was Islam
or Jewish themed all hell would break
loose so why was it okay for a bunch of
flesh flashing celebrities to respect my
religion but I must say even Piers
Morgan is having it both ways I remember
and I don't know if it's possible to
call this up quickly I had just
when Pierce Morgan had our friend Tommy
Robinson on his show good morning
Britain and to Piers Morgan's credit he
invited Tommy on and they debated about
Islam and it was I'm not gonna say it
was unfair I mean Piers Morgan was
badgering and whatnot but I will give
him full marks for actually inviting
Tommy on and actually letting Tommy have
a few words in edgewise it was probably
the fairest treatment than Tommy
Robinson hat at the hands the mainstream
media in years oh and by the way it was
literally the highest audience ratings
that good morning Britain Hanul year but
there was this moment and I think our
producers trying to find the clip right
now when Tommy came to this debate with
Piers Morgan holding a Koran in his hand
not to rip it or throw it or
disrespected but just to hold it as a
prop maybe to look something up I mean
Tommy as you know is a bit of an expert
in the Koran he's written an annotated
Quran and Piers Morgan was enjoying this
debate with Tommy very much but when
Tommy held up the Koran you could see
Piers Morgan's suddenly get extremely
nervous can I just show you the clip and
can we zero in on the part of the clip
where Tommy holds up the Koran and
Pierce Morgan suddenly panics that he's
gonna get a fatwa on himself take a look
at this because 101st Islamophobia
phobia is an irrational fear it's not
irrational to fear these things now if I
hope this book upside there will never
be peace on this earth so long as we
have this book is a violent cursor Sir
William Gladstone might do that sir
William would you say the Bible shows
some respect
so some respect show some respect have
you read this for people have you read
this there are there's a Hylian here 100
verses in against the show some damn
respect
vegetables religious beliefs right I
just rose from your mix for a book thin
slice murder against me and what it's
done and caused me this now I put it
down Sir William Gladstone held this
book above his head in Parliament and he
said there will never be peace on this
earth
long as we have this book it's a violent
and cursed book what Sir William
Gladstone we have statues across our
capital C was here picket one is that
Winston Churchill directed complete
Street Church now I'm quoting previous
some of the best leaders in this know
something like a bigoted lunatic on
somebody the basic new church who hates
Islam did you see that Tommy wasn't
doing anything rude or with the Koran he
wasn't ripping it he wasn't I mean he
was he was using it as a reference point
he was referring to it he said there
were a hundred verses and he wanted to
talk about he said that that book itself
was held up by Gladstone and Churchill
and criticized and did you see Pierce he
was really enjoying this because he knew
it was riveting TV I think the entire
interview when I think it went like
eighteen minutes
they blew out the commercials they they
knew they had the hottest thing in the
UK tea because everyone wanted to see
this debate but all of a sudden he said
put the book that shows some damn
respect really really really really I
think the Piers Morgan is afraid of
Islam just as much as the Matt is but I
will give him credit for having Tommy on
the show all right I'm gonna go to the
comments it's twelve nineteen which
means our daily chitchat here is
one-third done just reminder for those
who are turning in we're trying this as
a test run seeing how people like it
every day at 12 noon Eastern till 1:00
p.m. Eastern and I know out west that's
10 a.m. in Alberta time to 11 a.m. and
so that's not the most convenient for
people who have to work but we're just
doing this live chit chat I mean it's
basically instead of my second lunch I
just hop on the vids chit chat we play
some clips I take some comments and
we're done in an hour and I have my
nightly show at 8 p.m. Eastern that's
behind a paywall this one's free it's
free and as you can see we've got a ton
of comments on the right if you want me
to see yours for sure chip in a toonie
or whatever and it'll show up in
colorful text let me just choose at
random elke sommer says Pierce is afraid
of Sadek kin and his goons I don't think
he's so much afraid of set of kin as
he's afraid of a threat a fatwa an act
of terrorism which is common in the UK
and more the man I think he's afraid of
his own media bosses but
because if you speak against Islam in
the UK you will find yourself deep
platformed very quickly Piers Morgan is
a star today he'll be fired tomorrow if
it gets on the wrong side of that one
Jim Trebek says Pearce was so terrified
he absolutely was Pearce reminds me of
Almond Joy and mounds sometimes you feel
like in that I don't understand the
reference maybe that's a UK joke yeah
there's this it's here's Jean FICO who
says it's not about picking on Muslims
it's a focus posing the hypocrisy well
you know one thing I learned from here
builders the Dutch politician and Tommy
is excellent at this and Katie Hopkins
is excellent listen and it's a very
important distinction and and I I've
come to embrace this as well anyone in
the world can criticize any ism any
ideology any philosophy any belief
system capitalism communism Islam
Christianity Judaism Scientology we are
allowed to criticize a body of beliefs
in fact I think it's our duty as
thinking people to do so criticizing an
ideology even hating an ideology is fine
it's legitimate I hate communism
I hate authoritarianism and Stalinism
now that is different from hating a
Muslim who is a person who is a member
of a religion and I've seen it for
myself the times I've been hanging out
with Tommy Robinson in the UK is he gets
along famously with many mugs he's more
Muslim friends in his cell phone than
any liberal journalist I know be he
makes a distinction between criticizing
the ideology and criticizing people that
obviously he'll criticize people if they
follow the ideology well by the way I
see some super chants coming in Ronnie
Biggs says CBC granted 3 million dollars
in 2014 for a self Central LA Democrat
group and a link there ok well I will
have to click on that CDC is I'm not
sure if you're referring to the Centers
for Disease Control there's a few things
with that
acronym I'll have to click on that and
look at it later but Thank You Ronnie
for the five bucks appreciate it
and for the Lincoln do you see what I
mean by the super chat now you kick in
five bucks and that comments gonna stay
up there now and it's in bright green so
I couldn't miss it and there's another
comment by Tom young John 20 bucks I
actually don't see Tom's comment but I
appreciate chipping in and you know by
the way this is one of the ways we pay
the bills here the rebel because we take
your money from the government all right
I'm gonna read another couple of
comments and we do have some more stuff
I want to show you and we're gonna tell
you about an event we have coming up let
me read a daniel grant who says hunky
monkey I'm with you man fulcrum news but
David Seaman is a true hero Ezra you are
too alike you man well thanks David I'm
not familiar with David Seaman so I just
have to take your word for it
elke summers again I already read okie
Oh running big Center for Disease
Control there's a lot this coin not in
this comment stream I can't even keep up
hey tell you what I want to show you an
event if you're in the Ontario area in
Toronto Canada we're having a
get-together on June 2nd which is a
Saturday it's like a one-day version of
CPAC the great conservative convention
in the States
and we had it last year at about 800
people show up and it was great the
speakers were great like CPAC in a boom
boom boom everyone's up there for 10 15
minutes and never gets draggy we had a
great lunch last time and I can't
believe how cheap the prices it's insane
I'm not sure if we still have early bird
pricing but it's like 35 bucks for
students and seniors let's run the ad I
want to show you what we're up to on
June 2nd we're gonna discuss topics that
the political elites and the
Media party don't want us to discuss
political correctness be damned
past isn't enough of a principle type
the world by perhaps we are in better
touch with
of the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in this fight together
it's the over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times postmodern
hasn't been sophisticated with the loss
of a house its raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
that's a partial lineup of our speakers
that you saw the end there and those
clips you were seeing were from our
rebel live event last year it was so
much fun and I tell him we had we were
friends with Jordan Peterson before he
was an international superstar is fun to
remember his speech and Doug Ford you
saw him there too of course he's the
Ontario Conservative leader now who
appears to be on track to be the next
premier I just heard in my earpiece that
so we will have early bird pricing until
May 15 so you have one more week to get
those super cheap tickets I really
recommend it it is so much fun you come
in at 8:30 in the morning we give you a
light breakfast
boom speeches all day oh by the way I
don't know if I told you we Lindsey
Shepherd I think I mentioned yesterday
Lindsey Shepherd is coming she's the
teaching assistant the graduate student
from Laurier who was interrogated by her
professors for being politically
incorrect so we got some great speakers
um and early bird price and go to the
rebel dog the rebel live.com while that
ad was playing I was looking at some
more of the of the comments and I see
there were some more superjet
contributions thank you very much a few
questions came in one is what's up with
Tommy Robinson Tommy when independence
and it was an amicable separation we
still admire what he's doing we follow
what he's doing I feel like we have some
paternity and turning him into a
journalist activist and he's doing great
and in fact his day for freedom on the
weekend was a very important event oh I
see some more super shots jumping in
Nelson Thal says could you comment on
the strong evidence that Justin Trudeau
is the son of Fidel Castro yes thank you
I would say the evidence is tantalizing
but not persuasive there is some sort of
similarity in look between a young
Castro and Justin Trudeau but I just
think that that is sort of wishful
thinking and meaning by those who would
ascribe Trudeau's pro-communist stance
and pro-castro stance to him being the
actual
paternal you know as in if Fidel had
slept with Margaret Trudeau and again
Margaret Trudeau was famously
promiscuous and she and Pierre Trudeau
had an open marriage so again I see
where the conspiracy theory comes from
but I don't think it's accurate I think
the timing of their visits to Cuba
doesn't add up I'm not saying I would
reject proof of it I mean it's still a
possibility but if someone were to say
is Fidel Castro Justin Trudeau's dad I
would say I don't think so
but ideologically he certainly is a
father figure to Justin Trudeau and you
know that because when Fidel died the
eulogy published as a statement by
Justin Trudeau was so over-the-top and
so gross
it made international news calling
Castro a hero Tom young John says as a
conservative would you heal our ocean
and Seth as dr. Peterson would like to
try to do and if so what two steps would
you take if you ran the zoo all right um
I like dr. Peterson so much he's one of
the biggest thinkers most open-minded
people he's prolific he's challenging
every sacred cow out there I know he's
interested in the oceans because I see
some of his tweets on that stuff um and
I just take it because he wants he wants
to tweet about things that aren't
political all the time in fact he he
likes to tweet a Twitter feed called
human progress because he wants to tell
people it's not all bad news out there I
think that he's a very valuable person
to listen to I'm not familiar with his
race on the environment in any depth but
I am a huge supporter of his belief in
free speech in his criticisms of the
Academy is criticisms of Marxian
philosophy and I think he's such an
important role model he's inspired
people like Lindsey Shepard to stand up
i I know of no other person in the
public sphere who has inspired more
people that I meet on a regular basis to
break out of the groupthink I he almost
has a religious effect on people and
he's not trying to do that that's me
trying to be a cult leader but it's an
awakening and a moral awakening in
people it truly is remarkable I think
he's a great force for good
Brian Taylor oh I think I just missed
Brian Taylor's comment oh there it is
what do you think should be tannaz next
move new party run as an independent
something else you're referring to Tanja
Granick Alain and they spoke at length
about her on the show last night and
just by the way for folks who are
watching on this live chat on YouTube
every if you don't know every night at
8:00 p.m. I have a full show that's more
produced I have a scripted monologue a
lot more video elements and we do two
interviews a day as well it's about a
one-hour show and I went on at length of
what Anna grant Kalen and why I thought
was so unfair and inappropriate for Doug
fort to heave her overboard and I would
say that my main argument is she said
nothing that was revealed in the last
few days that we didn't all know about
her already and so Doug fort was
uncomfortable with her being strongly
pro-life in traditional views of
morality he shouldn't have taken her
support to become the leader that said I
don't think it would be profitable for
her to run as an independent I don't
think she would win as an independent
candidate in mississauga I just don't
think the writing dynamics are there I
think she was wronged and it'll be
interesting to see what happens
I don't think running is an independent
as a solution I think we have to be very
careful the Doug Ford is not giving in
to the poor advice of advisors around
him who were taken by defeated
candidates teams like Caroline Mulrooney
I fear that the decision to throw her
out was made by advisers who are not
truly part of ordination I want to read
a little bit more Mike pop chipped in
ten bucks thanks very much Mike I don't
see a question attached there if you
have one let me know and I'll come back
to it okay let me just check the time
it's 12:30 1:00 I keep checking the
clock because I'm only on from 12:00
noon to 1:00 p.m. and I try and do this
every day and like I say this is just a
test run seeing if people like it seen
if people want to support it I have was
starting out Twitter I was talking about
Jordan Peterson one of my favorite guys
and he was at this event so we did the
rebel live last year he's in Phoenix
this year so I know he can't make it on
that day but just to show you the state
of academia
I want to I want to show you a statistic
about Republicans and Democrats on
campus and this is shocking but take a
look put this graphic up here this is a
report a study that shows I'll just read
this read instead of paraphrase again
faculty political affiliations have 39%
of the colleges in my sample this was an
academic survey 39% of the colleges in
my sample are republican free having
zero Republicans the political
registration in most of the reigning 61
percent with a few important exceptions
is slightly more than 0% but
nevertheless absurdly skewed against
Republican affiliation and a favor of
democratic affiliation thus seventy
eight point two percent of the academic
departments in my sample have either
zero Republicans or so few as to make no
difference and this was a survey an
academic survey and of course in the
United States
unlike in Canada people register as
Republicans are Democrat it's not a
requirement to do so but it's what you
do when you want to vote in a primary
for example and of course when you make
a political donation that is publicly
disclosed as well so this was a very
useful study imagine an entire faculty
with not a single Republican or an
entire University and as you saw there's
78% there was zero or close to zero
I see another super chef thank you life
is good says will the PCs and I were to
revoke bill 24 if elected I'm trying to
remember bill 24 is that the that's a
GSA the Gay Straight Alliance a rule and
what and if I don't have the text of the
of the bill in front of me but if I
think that's the one that makes it
illegal for schools to inform parents if
their kids join a GS I think that's what
you're getting out there I don't want to
guess what I don't have the statue in
front of me
and my point is we saw finally this was
my monologue last night 57% of United
Conservative Party delegates voted to
give parents the righteous to know just
to know what your kids doing what kind
of sex ed is coming down the pike what
kind of religious teaching is coming
down the pike just just consent just to
know because I just notice just to know
and the NDP says no no we can't trust
parents who really has the good and the
best interest of your students at heart
teachers unions we must make it against
the law to inform parents where kids are
up to that's just creepy to me that's
creepy I see now the super chant comment
from Tom young John as a conservative
what do you think about fish fishing
free zones in the oceans and what do you
think about measures to reduce garbage
in the oceans ok John I respect your
interest in the oceans I was asked maybe
it was you who asked me about the sea of
the day and I said it's tough to apply
property rights to to an ocean because
it's not naturally easily broken up like
barbed wire fences I mean the invention
of barbed wire was a great aid in the
settlement of the United States because
it was much easier and cheaper and
faster to delineate property than a
traditional wooden fence or a stone
fence barbed wire really helps settle
the West and because it gave property
rights you knew where the boundary was
and so you can enforce rights and you
could stop people from plundering which
is of course what's called the tragedy
the Commons I think the problem with our
oceans is the tragedy of the Commons and
what that means is it's in everyone's
individual interest to maximize what
they Hall under the sea for themselves
and as you allude to dump their garbage
there because it's on someone else's
Beach so I don't quite know the answers
to that I think it's probably got
something to do with property rights but
I don't want to pretend that I've spent
a lot of time studying that so frankly
Tom if you have a link you want to post
that would suggest some solution I'm
open to it
I
I just don't want to go any deeper than
that because it's not something I've
given him long thought to maybe because
I was born in a landlocked province like
ever all right let's check the clock is
12 36 I have mentioned several times
that I have a show at night and tonight
I am working on a show that's based in
part on Neil McDonald's in Sain story on
the CBC today and and it's so insane
there's a member of parliament a new
Democrat from Quebec a feminist named
Christine war and she's the one who just
made allegations about a new Democrat
from the prairies named where I think is
for Simms air and aware and goddamn
booted out of caucus so she's always
making sexual harassment complaints
always always always always always
talking about sexual harassment this one
might say if you see this woman fellas
just walk away don't run don't walk away
have no interactions with her she says
she's been sexually harassed by the
Canadian Forces I think she was the MP
who made complaints against Massimo
Cassetti and Scott Andrews that got
kicked out for sexual misconduct
although the identity it's not being
confirmed I've written to her office
today asking if it was her this one's
bad news but the breakthrough crazy
story by Neil McDonald today suggests
let me just tell you this story
so this feminist socialist NDP MP from
Quebec who's always accusing other
people of sexual harassment getting MPs
suspended calling our military a pit of
sexual harassment she saw some Canadian
military vet who was blasted in
Afghanistan injured is on meds trauma so
I'm given an extremely emotional
testimony before Parliament and what
does she do did she go over and say oh
I'm on your side
she gave me
her car and said hey give me a call and
they met and she start applying him with
liquor with gin what this is a meeting
or a date well then she follows him back
to his hotel room and spends the night
and this soldier talks Daniel McDonald
and says says I'm not gonna pretend I
was raped or anything but there was a
hell of a power imbalance I'm just a
grunt she's as big an P and there you go
she you know I mean I I think I don't
think he minded I don't think he was
complaining but all of a sudden all of
Christine mores accusations of sexual
harassment they're in a bit of a
different light aren't they that this
woman sees a vulnerable soldier
emotional testimony he's in pain he's
got shrapnel in his bodies of meds
post-traumatic stress he's pouring his
heart out she goes in and makes a move
on him and there's sex with them by the
way she's she's posing for all the
parliament until feminist media with
with her baby and she's sleeping around
with people she opportunistically finds
by virtue of her office that's the
craziest story in the CBC and only Neil
McDonald would write it because he's
independent minded I see there's some
more super chests coming through let me
just go back can north under thanks for
Ms Reid ten bucks I appreciate that
Barry Lusk ten bucks hey guys I
appreciate you chipping in the ten bucks
it's one of the ways we pay the bills
here the rebel because of course we
don't get the 1.5 billion dollars here
from the CBC from the government that
the CBC does Barry and can I want to let
you know that if you want to have a
comment
not just the dough but if you write a
comment it's highlighted in bright
colors to Nelson Thal five bucks thanks
very much says how committed do you
believe Quebec will be to a King Charles
and will this create a constitution
crisis well no more are and no less than
any affection from Quebec to Queen
Elizabeth
I and you say King Charles I assume I
assume your you're talking about the
Prince of Wales or Prince William after
him
look I I don't think the actual person
on the throne is gonna make that big of
a difference I just don't think so
if you have some information you'd like
to share on the other side let me know I
think that I don't I don't think that
that's a real irritant in Quebec these
days I just don't see that as a top of
mind issue I think we're back does have
constitutional beefs with Canada and as
economic beefs I think it's got a real
grapple with Islam these days and what
they call reasonable accommodation so I
just don't think that that's good that's
the same issue it might have been in
another generation hey it's so 41 and we
go from 12 noon to 1:00 p.m. Eastern
time every day I want to run another
tiny little ad just so I can every break
in every sip water here's another hat
women don't even know about my chicken
selahattin Sardonicus to behead budget
I'll be done on the fly on E
new girl award Aslam Aslam
mission Baba
I'm still sipping on my drink
don't blame me I vote a conservative
that's one of our minds mugs that we
sell at the rebel online storage
ceremony I think that and we have
assured that says I'm a Harper man our
most popular anyways I took the the
moment while we were looking at
commercials look so many other comments
and I'll talk about some of them I add
sweet shipped in five bucks thanks for
that by the way did you see that ad
though that's our first documentary that
we made here the rebel I went to Iraq
with team last July and we have the
documentary we had the premiere in
Toronto and another one in Calgary and I
don't know the exact day but we expect
to have DVDs and video on demand
available soon I'm proud of it it's our
first documentary it's just under an
hour and it's called save the Christians
calm which sort of expresses itself
isn't when I was in Iraq I saw so many
analogies between the Islamic war
against the Christian minority and the
Holocaust and just give me a second give
me a second outline some of them of
course the Jews under Nazi Germany had
to wear a yellow star David Wright well
when I was in northern Iraq the
Christian homes Isis would put a mark on
them to the Arabic letter noon and as we
would say which sends for Nazarene
that's what they call Jesus so they
would mark the Christian homes similar
to how the Jews woman I would send this
town called telesco anothers town called
bad Anaya and remember the Isis
terrorists they're in a war right
they're in a war against the Kurds
against the Iraqi government against the
Allies but yet they took time out to
desecrate the Christian cemeteries again
like the Nazis desecrated the Jewish
cemeteries it was so important oh and
the churches of course crystal knocked
the nazis torched the synagogues in in
germany isis torched the churches in
iraq to face them I went to one church
every single Cross was broken and
grotesque graffiti and every kind of
defilement possible there were so many
analogies
I just see some more super chat coming
in Jason PI contributes ten bucks thanks
very much for that Jason I didn't and
Edie sweet five bucks thanks very much
you guys when you do the super check you
can make a comment appended to your
contribution and I'll read those for
sure I saw some other comments while
while the ad was going I can't find them
very quickly here there was some about
someone saying they didn't want to go
out and put in lawn signs in the rain
for Doug for based on his stream their
tiny granite gallon let me say what I
said last night of course I want Doug
Ford to win the premiership voluntary of
course I want the Liberals to be
defeated Kathleen moon is terrible of
course I want Jason Kenney to win in
upward Rachel Notley is the worst thing
that's happened to Alberta since the
Great Depression but that doesn't mean I
will give Doug Ford and Jason Kenney a
pass when they do unconservative things
and I think both decisions the decision
by Doug Ford to defenestrate tannic
granite gallon and the decision by Jason
Kenney to ignore a vote by 57% of the
party delegates about giving them notice
of sex at a religious head I think
that's caving in not to their own
conscience or judgment but to the media
party I think Doug Ford was fine with
Hanna ground the granite gallon or at
least fine enough to accept her support
a month ago I think Jason Kenney agrees
with parental rights even though he's
not a parent himself I think he has
enough empathy for those who are I think
both of these men made decisions based
on their fear than the mainstream media
they're more afraid of being called bad
names by the CBC and and the media party
than they are of their own members and I
think that's a deep mistake it's one of
the few mistakes that Stephen Harper
made as Prime Minister if I had to sum
up a nine and a half years of Stephen
Harper's leadership with Canada I think
it was outstanding in many ways and the
foreign policy was outstanding
financially it was upstanding we were
last into the recession the first one
out it was not deep no new major
entitlement programs but the two things
I think Stephen Harper did poorly in his
10 years as PM
number one he did not tackle the courts
he made bad appointments and you could
blame that on his Justice Minister but
that's passing the buck Stephen Harper
did not have a court revolution as
Donald Trump is doing and we will live
with that legacy for decades and the
second thing is he did not privatize the
CBC when he had the chance
and he thought did he think that he was
buying their affection well they put the
knife in him in the election so did that
to Jason Kenney and Doug Ford to its
1247 I'm just doing that because I want
to keep keeping an eye on the clock I
told you a little bit about the crazy
crazy story by Neil MacDonald can I read
a little bit Friday I have forgot that
we had some quotes I wonder you've
probably thinking what are you talking
about well it's it's a me-too story
right because this Christine more it's
just going around just going around Auto
I'm making these complaints about sexual
harassment everywhere but look at how
she treated this soldier I wanted them
so this is from this is from the story
and and credit to Neil McDonald
so Kirkland is the name of this army vet
I just got to read this to you you got
to hear this Kirkland says we when he
arrived at Moore's office so remember he
just gave a very emotional testimony and
then this young woman socialist MP named
Christine Moore comes up and says hey
here's my card come over to my office oh
okay it's businessman here you're an MP
we're going to talk about my testimony
get this Kirkland says when he arrived
at Moore's office she offered him gin
and persisted even after he told her he
was taking antidepressants and
painkillers and was not supposed to be
drinking she's a nurse he says and I
thought I suppose if she's a nurse and
says it's okay it is there were a few
more drinks and it became clear Moore's
intentions when pee on a professional
interest in this case that night he says
she followed him back to his hotel where
he says she spent the night look I'm not
crying rape says Kirkland who is now a
realtor in Brandon
I don't like to think of myself as a
survivor I prefer thriver but what she
did was inappropriate was I a willing
participant I guess it depends on your
definition of willing there was a power
imbalance there was a level of authority
there unquote I think that's exactly
right
I mean I don't think any vet even went
on meds and with shrapnel his body is
gonna say oh I was raped by this NDP
woman no no and I have no idea if he was
single Christine Moore has a baby it's
in all the photos and Parliament Hill so
I don't know she's very but imagine the
creepy creepy creepy NDP Member of
Parliament Christine Moore who sees a
vet who's giving emotional testimony and
says hey I'm gonna get him on the
rebound
I'm gonna invite him over ply him with
drinks even though he protests he's on
meds and I am going to follow him back
to his hotel and and that fact pattern
is surprisingly similar to the fact
pattern of two Liberal MPs who were
sacked massimo Cassetti and Scott
Andrews after allegations from a Quebec
NDP woman and this this latest NDP
Christine Moore is the opposite as the
other side of the coin on the me to
movement she's a woman not a man like a
Harvey Weinstein or an Eric Schneiderman
but I think it's worth remembering that
there are these liberated feminists and
she's a leftist socialist MP who has her
sexual conquests if that's the word and
then plays the rape card or the sexual
harassment card if she didn't like how
it ended the next day I think she's
outrageous and she's responsible for the
sacking of three members of parliament
literally one percent of Canada's
Parliament has been sacked because she's
done more damage to our democracy than
than any foreign interest as I think she
should be sacked for this story in the
CBC all right let me get back to
comments because it's 1251 and i want to
keep my eye on the
I'm just gonna read something and if you
want me to read yours and make it stand
out chip in the Tunis and it'll show up
electro pig von fokin grooving says Ezra
I've talked to the leader the trillion
party one chair when I find him
intelligent honest and informed have you
talked to him yet tell him I sent you
he'll remember me from Windsor I have
not I've heard of the Trillium Party but
there is just no chance that it is going
to win next month just $0.65 us go
forward Esther I despise CBC in global
all of them I trust you well thanks very
much I'll try and live up to your trust
pastor Phil big says hey Rancher I agree
with your comment the population
imbalance means the West does not ever
have the same canned as governed well
you could see that with Trudeau in
particular he has no use for Alberta
either been a source of tax money like
the goose that lays the golden egg
unfortunately like the fool in that
fable he killed the goose he cancelled
the Northern Gateway pipeline he changed
the rules to kill the energy East
pipeline
he's killing the trans mountain pipeline
he's driven away the 36 billion dollar
Pacific Northwest LNG he's literally
responsible for a hundred billion
dollars in oil and gas infrastructure
and this just on the construction side
fleeing Canada yeah so try paying all
your fancy equalization to Quebec and
your favorite parts of the country once
you've killed the oil patch in Alberta
Kentucky
I'm gonna read some more comments dirt
doctor says ice water you need to
educate yourself with facts I don't know
that's well oh I think there's a super
chat here we go El Chupacabra
Ezra your thoughts on the marijuana
legalization well first of all I don't
think it's a priority I think we have
real priorities in this country and I
think they should take the attention in
time of Parliament and the government I
just don't think marijuana is top
priority
I know it's Justin Trudeau's priority in
fact for so long it was the only subject
that he he truly opined on with depth
and energy and enthusiasm cuz the only
one he actually knows about if you asked
Justin Trudeau about any other issue
even his so-called favorites like the
environment he just refutes a few stock
phrases over the energy and the
environment and the economy in the
environment that go together you need
both unity through strength through
diversity like he just has some talking
points and it's so shallow and he just
repeats them at nauseam like like a
message track and he's never called on
it the only issue that Justin Trudeau
will get excited about get into the
weeds on speak with any personal
knowledge is marijuana because he is a
drug user and this is not my aspersion
this is his confession and I'm not
talking about when he was a kid and
Russia R said when he was a young man he
smoked marijuana here whatever Justin
Trudeau said he's done that since
becoming an MP oh really
well who is your drug dealer what money
did you use where do you smoke were you
in government property who do you smoke
with are you not worried about some
black male buy you drug dealer or does
your drug dealer work free I mean
there's so many questions that a
skeptical media would ask if any
conservative Prime Minister admitted he
was doing drugs as prime minister but of
course it's the precious it's the
precious one just like Hillary Clinton
was the precious so you couldn't ask
about her health for example which was
obviously a large campaign issue you
can't ask about Justin Trudeau and his
obsession with marijuana so in short you
and I'm listen I don't think that we
should have a us-style
war on drugs were a quarter the people
in prison are there because they had a
small amount of
marijuana's on them I don't believe in
that end of the spectrum but neither do
I believe that marijuana legalization
which is what true don't wants I don't
believe it's but hopefully that's
necessary I don't think that's in the
public interest so I'm a bit
conservative on that but I'm not
obsessed by the subject in fact I don't
think I've ever done a story on it other
than noting how the Liberal Party's
insiders all got into the marijuana
industry and are just as Trudeau's
legalizing it's just like a generation
ago all the liberal insiders got into
the wind turbine industry just as that
was getting massive investments it is
1256 Eastern which is 1056 mountain time
which is 556 Greenwich Mean Time we have
some viewers out there too oh just a
recap of what we're doing every weekday
from noon till 1:00 Eastern Time I just
go live on what we call super chat here
it's super chat because I'm super chatty
it's not really highly produced we just
have some clips we show we talk about
the news of the day I take as many of
your comments as possible including ones
that are put in colorful highlights with
a small contribution we need that
because it's how we pay our bills around
here I should tell you that I will not
be here tomorrow I have a funeral out of
town I have to go to so I'm not able to
do this tomorrow at noon but I will be
back on Thursday for it so I hope you
stay interested in it I see I have three
minutes left so I am going to read some
more comments I see Steve Howard says a
dollar sixty two liter for gas and B C
Trudeau seems proud of that well more
than that
that's the effect that all these carbon
taxes are supposed to have whenever you
hear left to say oh if you know we have
to price carbon pollution as if carbon
dioxide as pollution the whole theory
there is that it makes you not want to
consume something's because it's so
expensive so buck 62 i've seen higher
prices too that's not a bug that's a
feature of the system that is the whole
point of it the whole point of a carbon
tax is to make using energy so painful
that you walk instead or you don't heat
your house in the winter as much you
don't cool it in the summer as much you
don't drive as far in a big car you live
a smaller darker colder life what do you
think they meant by reduce reuse recycle
they're talking about you for all of
human history we tried to leave the next
generation with more more prosperity a
home of their own a backyard
freedom you know that's been the goal
but the goal of the environmental
extremists is to live smaller to regress
to get rid of things in Civilization
that were once regarded as the ideal I
mean are you surprised by that
it's 1215 just a couple more minutes
LD McQueen says there's no place in
Canada for recreational marijuana
medical marijuana needs to be properly
put through the medical system it is a
medicinal plant all right that sounds
reasonable to me
El Chupacabra says Jordan Peterson needs
to make his own political party in
Canada no no I totally disagree with you
on that the last thing you want to do is
put Jordan Peterson in a party structure
where he's got to deal with the BS of a
hundred candidates and rules and and
fundraising thing he's great a
fundraiser but I wouldn't want him to go
through the street no no keep him out of
the swamp his job is to liberate our
minds and change the culture politics is
downstream from the culture he is doing
more to change Canada than any elected
official in Canada hopefully Doug four
to Jason King will make me eat my words
on there but no no do not stop Jordan
Peterson he's changing the world more
than any Canadian he's changing the
world um John Reid says I cannot see how
to donate while I'm on my iPhone well
thank you John Reed for your offer I
don't know if it's possible I think you
might have to be at your about John's
Elin says the globalist want to kill off
the weak peasants well don't laugh I
mean part of reduce reuse recycle is
depopulation hey I see it's the top of
the hour the hour goes by so quickly
when I'm chit-chatting I hope you
enjoyed the show I apologize won't be
here tomorrow I have
you know to go to ok calm Thursday
thanks for joining us today thanks to
everyone who paid a few bucks to the
super chat it helps pay the bills until
next time I hope you enjoy today and
tune in tonight at 8 p.m. if you need
more info on that go to the rebel dot
media / shows everyday I have a show at
8:00 p.m. Eastern
until then on behalf of all of us here
rebel world headquarters keep fighting
for freedom
