you mentioned that there's no one from
ford nation around Doug Ford now Michael
diamond who was director of operations
for Rob Ford is with Doug Ford but other
than that you're right and one of the
things and this is what worries me and
and I want to put too much credence and
do it right now I would call it a
hypothesis I'm not going to call it a
theory just a hypothesis maybe a
speculation when Doug Ford trounced all
the establishment candidates with the
help of tani grant Kalen in the interest
of healing and unifying the party Doug
Ford hired his enemies staff he hired
the communications director from
Caroline Mulroney yeah he hired other
staff who were loyal to the Doug Ford
haters people who were publicly mocking
Doug Ford calling him a drug dealer etc
now these are the amongst the decision
makers against Danny grant accountant
for example Ian Todd I remember in from
years ago when I worked with him with
Manning his talk well day he helped lead
the rebellion against Stockwell day
mm-hmm you see a loyal Doug Ford man
how about Melissa Landsman old friend of
mine from Parliament Hill she was for
Caroline Maroney are these people making
the decision based on Doug Ford and Ford
nation or they making a Caroline
Mulrooney style decision and frankly do
they really want Doug Ford to succeed or
do they want maybe Caroline Mulrooney to
have a crack of things again in four
years well as are once again you're
looking at the big picture and I think
you're on to something I think this
might you know you know critics of mine
might say oh you're venturing into
conspiracy Vail with this but with all
those people and clearly Ford nation
they were jack Doug Ford come on that's
not their guy you know that they're
Christine Elia people there you know
Princess Caroline people we've already
seen one palace coup going back to late
January with Patrick Brown who's to say
we won't see another one and in fact if
I might double down on the conspiracy
why
not use Doug Ford as a convenient pawn
right now have Ford nation propel him
into the Premiership and and once he
gets there then come up with some kind
of cockamamie reason to do another
palace coup you know this is Ontario
politics in 2018 Ezra I think anything
can happen you know what you're
speculating I'm speculating we don't
know but it is and it is not a
conspiracy theory it is a conspiracy
fact the people who two months ago or a
month ago were doing their very best and
we're paid large sums of money to defeat
Doug Ford are now Doug Ford's advisers
and the person who actually helped Doug
Ford become leader was just thrown out
the window on a pretty meager excuse
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra lavance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
