we have a whole generation of kids that
not only doesn't know how to learn but
they also don't know how to fail they
don't know how to accept failure and I
guess that probably leads to the
safeSpace culture yes where when
confronted with any sort of discomfort
they retreat into themselves and then
they want legislation to protect them
from feeling discomfort it's not even
that we don't even fail kids anymore
we punish teachers particularly here in
Alberta who actually fail kids
despite the policies at the schools who
prevent that prevent teachers from
failing kids and teaching them that
there's a sort of level that they need
to achieve at we had to teach her you
know probably eight or ten years ago
that he was suspended because he failed
kids so I mean God helped the future
economy of Canada and North America well
you know Chinese kids are being taught
standards and ours are being taught to
just you know cry and you'll pass your
test
I remember that story I think it was a
teacher from Edmonton and it was
absolutely shocking and yet so the the
standards are lowered the the grades are
suffering the kids aren't doing as well
as before and yet as I understand it
Sheila these Alberta teachers they still
want to raise right yeah they want to
raise something that would never happen
in the private sector you know if
there's if there's a metric by which you
measure your success if you're a teacher
it would be teaching results right like
that seems to make the most amount of
sense if your students are achieving
where they need to be achieving that
sort of your your bar for success that
in the private sector if you were
failing by every metric you were
measured out you certainly wouldn't get
a raise you probably would be getting
getting written up you might even get
fired but that doesn't happen in the
public sector you just get a raise just
because you showed up for work that day
oh yeah I know they are untouchable for
sure in the bigger picture when you have
the Alberta Teachers Association this
you know public sector Union going to
the government you know not Lee's NDP
and saying we want these regulations in
place to teach journalists how to
port things according to our narrative
I'm reminded of the Latin phrase that
translates into English as who watches
the Watchers you know and what I'm
saying is how can anyone have confidence
in groups like you know the Rachel
Notley NDP or the Alberta Teachers
Association to be doing the right thing
well let's go one step further how can
anybody have any confidence in the media
when I'm the only one reporting on this
you know it's our job to hold the
government to account as journalist and
it's I mean by extension the teachers
who work for the government and no one
is reporting on this and there were
actual reporters sitting at this meeting
who heard this that's how I got wind of
it but there are no stories saying how
outrageous this is that the teachers
union is trying to do a preemptive
strike and cover them you know cover
their behinds before these bad test
results are revealed nobody's even
talking about it so let's just skip
right past confidence in the government
how can we be confident in in the
information we're getting about these
sorts of cover-ups hey that was an
excerpt from my show rebel roundup where
we discussed the week's top stories with
your favorite rebels to see my show and
more sign up to become a Premium Member
today
you
