meet keziah Dom she is the poster girl
for our most recent installment of
cultural appropriation of the week
you see keziah is being slammed by
various internet trolls for wearing a
prom dress that is Chinese in origin but
fret not folks this is actually a good
news story because unlike so many others
bullied by the left keziah is not
issuing a Mia culpa rather she is
standing resilient in the face of that
repugnant virus known as political
correctness cultural appropriation is
the latest call to action for the
progressives maybe it's Halloween
costumes or sports uniforms making use
of Indian regalia
perhaps it's the wearing of hoop
earrings by a white woman or maybe it is
even non Australian Aboriginals tossing
around a boomerang apparently this is
all forbidden ground today and the
latest free spirit to wade into the PC
quicksand is keziah Dom of Utah you see
she wore a gorgeous keep a to her prom
last week just one hitch though the
dress is Chinese and keziah isn't so
because it's 2018 cue the online outrage
hears because Ione Fox News giving her
side of the story for prom I decided to
go to a vintage shop in downtown Salt
Lake and I was looking for a dress that
had a modest neckline and was unique and
the second I saw this dress I was
immediately drawn to it and its beauty
and I bought it the night of prom I got
multiple compliments from strangers and
even from teachers and administrators my
friends when I posted it on Twitter the
day after with the simple caption prom
that was when I started getting some
responses and I wasn't expecting it
quite exactly so it caught me by
surprise now tell me does that sound or
look like a racist to you
well apparently some loser who goes by
the name of Jeremy Lamb thinks so as you
saw he stated on Twitter quote my
culture is not your goddamn prom dress
end quote
well actually mr. left your culture is
someone's prom dress if someone is
selling such a garment and another
someone wants to buy it we don't live in
a society in which the fashion police
put prospective buyers through a racial
means test before purchasing clothing
not yet anyways you might want to refer
to the First Amendment to further
educate yourself visa vie freedom of
expression by the way I took a peek at
Jeremy lambs picture on Twitter well
well you look at that folks
he's wearing a baseball cap with an
adidas logo on it hmm an American
invention bearing the logo of a German
company Oh Jeremy who's appropriating
someone else's culture now pal oh and
that keyboard you're pounding away on
yeah that would be yet another invention
to come out of honky town one wonders if
this little lamb should go back to
conversing via Chinese calligraphy
instead now in any event Kezia has
received hundreds of negative comments
from the usual suspects but you know
what this really means folks it means
that there are literally billions of
people out there who aren't offended or
simply don't care about her fashion
choices and the proverbial proof in the
pudding comes via a New York Times News
Service story the headline says at all
this prom dress caused an uproar in the
US but not in China hmm here's what thou
isin a Hong kong-based cultural
commentator had to say quote it's
ridiculous to criticize this as cultural
appropriation from the perspective of a
Chinese person if a foreign woman wears
a keep a and think she looks pretty then
why shouldn't she wear it end quote
yeah yeah Jen nails it look for many
young women the high school prom is a
very special event they want to look
stunning as a
- stunned no woman in her right mind
would intentionally wear something that
would bring about ridicule but as I
mentioned up front this is in the end a
good news story
that's because keziah has a spine
she is not apologizing she is not
backing down and she has stated that
regardless of the internet troll
backlash that she's endured she does not
regret her choice a prom dress and the
news gets even better folks turns out
her principal pulled her out of class
last Monday oh oh you're thinking a
virtue of signaling edge occur at
hell-bent on suspending her nope because
for a delightful change the principal
told her that he supports her 100% she
looks like there's some hope after all
eh but you know what folks since we are
in prom season here's my wish I would
love to see every gal who embraces
freedom of expression and hates the idea
of those bullying tactics used by the
social justice warriors I would just
love it if they would all wear a keep a
to their formal it would be akin to
giving a haberdashery middle finger to
those mavens of political correctness
and as an added benefit if you indeed do
this on masse ladies won't it be ever so
jolly watching the progressives heads
explode talk about post prom fireworks
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks join us
for our rebel live event in Toronto on
June 2nd please go to the rebel live.com
for ticket information
