you gov has just released a new poll on
British opinion on immigration and it
shows that the British people are more
interested in culture than race so you
go have just released a new poll with
data from between the 24th and the 25th
of April 2018 and they're comparing that
data to March 2017 and August 2016 and
there's a few interesting things about
this data that I thought I'd just
quickly go over with you today and the
first is on the first page the first
question it says generally speaking do
you think the level of immigration into
Britain over the last ten years has been
too high to low or about right in 2016
the total to high was 70 percent 70
percent isn't it amazing that the vast
majority of British people think that
immigration is too high and yet the
government keeps on importing hundreds
of thousands of people was the logic
there the total to low people who said
it was too low 2% 2% of British people
think it's too low and yet more and more
and more people it's insanity March 2017
65 % of people still said it was too
high and the total were people who
thought it was too low increased by a
percentage point to 3% and then April 20
1860 3% think it's too high and 4% think
it's too low isn't it funny how as every
year goes by the immigration immigrant
population increases and so does the the
the amount of people that think
immigration is too low every year a
percentage point it keeps going up I
mean that is the nature of demographic
change I mean it's going to sway public
opinion sooner or later in obviously
it's going to affect democracy and the
results of our democratic elections as
well so that's interesting to say I mean
even 63% of people think immigration is
too high 4% 4% think it's too low 1% of
people think is much too low I mean how
many people do these people want in I
mean the people that think it's much too
low obviously wants some kind of
negative consequence or some fundamental
change in Britain because much too low I
mean the economy can't handle it they
know the economy can't handle it so why
else would they want more people in than
to change the culture but I digress the
interesting thing about
this poll is they saw two tweets by
Matthew Goodwin and Matthew Goodwin's a
professor and an author and well I
remember at university all I ever heard
about was Matthew bloody Goodwin he's
obsessed with the far-right drags it
yadda yadda yadda so he always talks
about this kind of stuff well he
mentions here on his tweet that British
people were asked to immigrants from the
following countries make a positive or
negative contribution to British life so
this is based on the idea of a net
positive and it says here Australians
plus 45 Irish plus 40 Germans plus 38
Americans plus 36 Polish plus 28 Indians
plus 25 Jamaicans plus 18 and then we
get into the negatives Pakistanis minus
2 or wonder if that's got anything to do
with rape gangs Bangladeshi is minus 3
Nigerians minus 11 Romanians minus 18 a
lot of people I know people from Romania
who would be quite sad to see that
because the remaining people will always
tell you that the reason people have
such a negative opinion of the Romanians
is because of the Romanian gypsies not
the Romanians but obviously it's
affected public opinion and then Somalis
are the least popular minus 21
here's what's interesting about this
data we're looking at the Australians
the Irish the Germans the Americans
maybe not the Americans but at least the
top three most people would presume are
white only gets to the Jim Indians and
Jamaicans plus 18 plus 25 they're not
white
they're quite obviously not white and
yet the Pakistanis Bangladeshis
Nigerians are doing badly and the
Romanians who are white are doing badly
and think what this tells us to people
like hope not hate and all these
nonsensical anti-fascist groups and
these pro-immigration
groups and lobbies that just make money
from the government by investigating
people like me and making up hate crimes
well I was say to these people is
obviously people have an issue with
immigration for economic reasons but the
data shows us as well that people have a
problem with immigration for cultural
reasons because there is no correlation
with race in this data no correlation at
all and Matthew Godwin goes on to say
Britain now has an opportunity to reform
its immigration policy but
type of immigration did the British
people want this was what was asked in
the poll so the poll says to what extent
should the following groups of people be
allowed to come and live in Britain so
low educated and low-skilled workers -
26 people don't want them relatives of
existing migrants for I mean fair enough
in some cases refugees fleeing
persecution war 26 I mean the British
people have a heart it's just a shame
that most of these refugees bring war um
refugees fleeing more wealthy investors
41 high educated high-skilled workers 53
international students 57 for some
reason people really like those
international students and at the top of
the list is NHS workers the NHS workers
ones an interesting one because sure NHS
workers are important sure the NHS is
important but there's two issues here
why aren't we training our own people
and secondly why are so many people
accessing the NHS in the first place but
that's the topic of another video that
I'll probably end up doing soon so the
take-home is Britain's isn't racist
we're not interested according to the
data so much in the race of people as we
are in the culture of people culture and
economics is the main driving factor
behind public opinion on immigration
fact if you want to see more from me and
the rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
