one of the benefits of running a
monopoly is that you really don't need
to advertise but welcome to Canada a
realm in which state sanctioned
monopolies just love to spend money on
advertising campaigns for well no good
reason whatsoever no you can't go
anywhere in Toronto these days without
happening upon billboards and public
transit ads stating sustainability is
also profitable the ads are from Toronto
Hydro since I found them to be a tad
cryptic I phoned and emailed Toronto
hydros Media Relations line only to
receive an out-of-office reply that
dates back to sometime last month don't
you love the inherent efficiencies of a
bureaucracy folks but here's what I
wanted to ask what is the point of this
sustainability ad campaign and how much
did it cost you know judging by the
sheer amount of billboards that wind
surprised me of this campaign is in the
high six figures not getting a reply I
called the main switchboard where I was
serenaded by vape adela Vater music for
some 15 minutes before a human being
actually answered my call
par for the course she had no idea what
it was I was talking about and wasn't
aware of her own company's ad campaign
however she eventually determined the
ads were about getting rebates from
Toronto Hydro for installing energy
efficient air conditioners and furnaces
now why the ad doesn't state this
outright is anyone's guess I suppose
maybe that would be too on point for
Toronto Hydro and hey why strive for
clarity when the feel-good abstract
terms like sustainability will do but
here's the folly of a utility monopoly
paying for an ad campaign in the first
place for starters promoting
conservation is a double-edged sword for
the electric company since customers pay
based on consumption as opposed to a
flat fee the last we use means the less
revenue the utility earned
and when revenues plunge guess what
happens then folks in order to maintain
profitability targets the utility must
jack up its rates so regardless of how
much power you conserve you'll still end
up paying about the same or even more
because Hydra rates will become all the
more expensive thanks to the
conservation efforts of the customer
base this is what's called a catch-22
combined with the old adage of no good
deed shall go unpunished
and for Torontonians it's made all the
worse by the fact that they are already
paying shockingly high rates indeed last
summer the Fraser Institute released a
report examining tricity prices in
Ontario check this out Toronto Hydro
customers pay the highest rates in the
country with an average bill of 201
dollars per month by way of comparison
customers in Montreal only pay 83
dollars per month incidentally that's
another thing Toronto Hydro seems to be
oblivious to this utility need not
incentivize customers to conserve power
in the first place that's because the
egregious power rates charged by Toronto
Hydro is incentive enough doesn't
Toronto Hydro know consumers are already
doing everything in their power to
conserve electricity so is the catch a
little break on their monthly bills does
Toronto Hydro think we're too stupid to
realize that the less power we consume
the less money we need to ante up well
apparently that appears to be the case
and so it is the likes of Toronto Hydro
run flashy I'll be a cryptic ad
campaigns that specialize in what virtue
signaling and Toronto Hydro isn't the
only guilty monopoly when it comes to
acting stupidly of course all across
Canada liquor boards and lottery
corporations justify their monopolies
with the term social responsibility
meaning only government not the private
sector is responsible enough to limit
consumption rates you
these same entities spend millions of
dollars pushing sinful products such as
liquor and lottery tickets this does not
make sense for two reasons one because
the liquor boards and the lottery
corporations are state sanctioned
monopolies meaning that they're the only
game in town and secondly pushing people
to drink more and to gamble more is
socially irresponsible when you think
about it
therefore splurging on such marketing
campaigns actually invalidates their
very existence oops
in any event how about this as a concept
Toronto Hydro next time you feel the
need to run a useless albeit pricey ad
campaign why not simply offer rebates to
your customers instead it's bad enough
that Toronto Hydro was a monopoly it
really shouldn't be doing everything in
its power to become an abuse of monopoly
as well for the rebel dawn media I'm
David the men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks
may have heard the Breville has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
