well hello I'm as relevant it's me for a
thin you're watching battleground
well hello and welcome back this is the
fifth day of our tests run our
experiment to see if people want to see
some live chat with me every weekday
from 12:00 noon to 1:00 p.m.
we've I've enjoyed it lots of comments
we've tried out the super chat feature
and we've decided that Friday's will be
the Friday free-for-all I'm calling it
where we're gonna be a little lighter on
the video content and get really into
the and into the comments I see a few
comments right now I will read comments
of any sorts but if we get a lot of
comments and over the days we've had
hundreds of comments if you want your
comment to stand out in a colorful
highlight and be pinned to the top you
can use the super chat function which is
a neat way to help the rebel cost two
bucks or five bucks or some people even
chipped in more however much you want
that helps us out of the rabble it's a
source of revenue where a hundred
percent we were supported and it allows
you to have your comment pinned to the
top while we're waiting for a few more
folks to show up I do have a couple of
video clips I want to show I know I said
it's gonna be all comments but I thought
you know instead of jumping right into
the comments let's just do a couple of
quick news stories while the viewership
builds I I am impressed with Elon Musk
as a charismatic personality but I have
to say that's about as far as it goes
because I think he's not so much an
entrepreneur as he is a grand trip
foreigner and by that I mean he's gamed
the system and he has taken advantage of
the folly in the weakness and the
desperation of green energy activists
who were so desperate for proof that
their schemes work that he said yeah I
got this electric car idea it's
impractical is extremely expensive but
if you subsidized my company with
billions of dollars I will let you call
us a success story and so while Tesla
has never made a dime and the cars are
extremely expensive and questionable
as a work of mechanic
you know just the questionable Tesla
fires all the time of course this range
issues disastrous production his real
value is hey look everybody
green energy works that's how it works
in the world of politics he's a
celebrity he's a hero he's called a
billionaire even though a subsidy money
but there are some people who make a
living being skeptical there's not so
many of them in the media anymore but
they are in financial investment houses
and Financial Analysts people who track
companies for a living who really read
the financials carefully and then make a
recommendation to their investors by
hold or sell and those people they live
or die by their predictions so they're
not politicians is this worth it
politically their investment Alain
analysts is this company worth buying a
share and Elon Musk like many other
corporate leaders he does occasional
conference calls with these investment
analysts and there are some reporters on
the call and it's really him talking
directly to investors now he prefers to
talk to the wide-eyed doe-eyed
environmental journalists and they ask
him questions about how dreamy he is and
how wonderful he is but want to play for
you a little outtake from a recent
investor call that he made and I and I
see a comment as super chat comments
come in from the corker I am gonna come
back to that but I just want to play
this clip because I've just set it up
here is audio from one of these
investment calls when a real investment
analyst does their job and asks a
question and listen to Ilan Musk's
answer so where specifically will you be
in terms of your requirement a nice
boring bonehead questions are not cool
next the first question is related to
the model three reservations I was just
wondering to give us a gauge is maybe
some of the impact that the news has had
like of the
the reservations has actually opened and
made available at configure can you let
us know like what how what percentage
have actually taken snap to configure
we're gonna go to youtube sorry these
these questions are so dry they're
killing me so those questions about real
things like how much money the company
has on hand production problems they're
so dry they're boring I mean come on can
I get a fun question about when I put a
shot of Tesla into space isn't that more
exciting um how do you think the public
reacted to that well politician said
whew thank goodness he didn't talk about
how the company's actually failing but
people who actually put their own skin
in the game they didn't like it so much
take a look at the stock take a look at
Tesla stock this is a chart did you see
that cliff there where it plunged and
plummeted then this stock was sold off
on mass when people said oh my god he's
not going to answer very basic
non-aggressive questions about how his
company is performing he's gonna call
them boring I think we've got a little
New York Post article on the subject as
well we'll take a quick look at that
Elon Musk blows hahaha boring boneheaded
questions from analyst well not all of
business is as exciting as shooting a
Tesla into space and I don't think the
questions were boneheaded and even if
they are boneheaded aren't those the
easy ones to answer I mean aren't the
dumb questions the one that you can
answer in a minute okay I just wanted to
share that while we got the the some
more audience picked up and I do have
another video clip or two that I'm going
to show later but I did save Friday's
you're gonna be the Friday free for all
I just showed you that a lot less thing
because I think he's a bit of a huckster
I mean he's a he's a quirky futuristic
cool nerdy geek huckster who has a fun
Twitter feed but every once in a while
if you're a business person you have to
answer
for your business especially if your
publicly traded and especially if you
take so many billions from the taxpayer
and he just thinks it's boring
all right the corker asked the question
and was generous enough to chip in ten
bucks thank you for that
Ezra do you think the mainstream media
has been muzzled by Gerald Butz when it
comes to talking about Mavis who taiier
the lady who died trying to get to
Canada a while after Trudeau's welcoming
tweet thank you I think I know what
you're talking about
which is when Trudeau said hey everybody
come up here that was sort of the
starter pistol for tens of thousands of
people to get to Canada in any way
possible and we know some folks have
come across winter fields and had
frostbite and lost their fingers and if
that's the case I think you're referring
to as someone actually died trying to
get here because of Trudeau's tweet and
the fact that I don't know that fact off
the top my head suggests it has been
under reported by the mainstream media
we all saw the picture of little Alan
Kurdi lying on the Turkish beach a
hundred times in the media even though
there was no connection to Canada
whatsoever it was a Turk Kurdish a Turk
occurred in Turkey trying to get I think
to Greece or something and according to
the little boy's aunt I think it was
because the dad wanted free dental care
in Europe or something has absolutely
nothing to do with Canada we all saw
that picture that little boy on the
beach a hundred times but the fact that
someone who died coming to Canada
because of Trudeau's invitation for
illegal immigration that's not being
covered in any way the same amount
suggest yes there is media bias whether
or not Gerald Butz is the cause of it I
cannot say I've said before I wish that
Canada would have the same sort of
revelations that the United States had
when John Podesta's emails were
published I think it was on WikiLeaks or
some other leak and we saw the collusion
between Hillary Clinton's campaign and
so many journalists so many
conversations they had that they start
with thought would remain secret I'm not
encouraging illegal hacking I'm just
saying it would be amazing to see the
kind of close coordination between the
Liberal Party war room and the CBC war
room and other mainstream media outlets
I don't even think there's a dividing
line between them what you saw there
from the corker in bright yellow is a
super job a super chat is a way of
pinning your comment to the top of the
page and it's very easy for me to see
when other court of my eyes I'm looking
at the camera and I will do my best to
read all those in the meantime I will go
through some of the other ones
let me read one from Spenser Jay report
the Trudeau gave summer grants to a
mosque tied to terrorist extremists were
you referring to our friend Candice
Malcolm's exclusive story in the Toronto
Sun today I and that's actually going to
be the subject of my monologue on my TV
show tonight at 8:00 p.m. called the
answer lavance show and the answer is
it's true now I don't know about the
direct terrorist ties but the two groups
that Candice talked about one was called
the Canadian Arab Federation they were
anti-semitic absolutely for sure
anti-semitic
and they had endorsed Hezbollah and
Hamas which are terrorist groups in fact
they called for the legalization of
those two groups I don't know if they
themselves were actually linked to
terrorism I won't go that far
but that's how extreme the Canadian air
foundation is kandace also mentioned a
mosque where one of the Imams was
teaching Muslim kids in Canada about
gays and he videotaped himself he was so
proud of saying if someone's gay you've
got to move away from them and you got
to marginalize them and and the reason
that so newsworthy is that more than
1400 Canadian Christian groups had their
funding denied from the summer grant
program because they would not bend the
knee and sign an attestation which is
basically swearing an oath that they
support Justin Trudeau on matters of
abortion and homosexuality
transgenderism 14-under Christian Church
has said now we just can't do that so
they were denied summer jobs funding but
these mosques that are extremely
homophobic coming to the point of
actually teaching kids to hate gays and
physically move away from them as if you
can catch the gay from cooties or
something like that you if you watch my
show tonight I actually show the video
of that Imam laughing and scooching his
chair over as if to get away from a gay
person they got the grant money and I
went to a site the Candice link to you
can type in search terms for
organizations that actually did get
Justin Trudeau's immigrants I typed in
the word Muslim and I typed in the word
Islamic in Ontario alone there are 71
Islamic groups and Muslim groups that
have received this summer jobs grants
and some of them are extreme
ideologically like the Islamic circle of
North America the Islamic Society of
North America these groups are
reactionary and fundamentalist to say
the least on the issue of homosexuality
and transgenderism either they didn't
have to make the attestation or they did
and just simply lied because these
groups are so anti-gay be literally
preach and teach abuse towards gays and
they got the dough but not the Christian
churches out of the corner of my eye I
see Mike Levine has made a super Chad
gift thank you very much Mike I don't
see a comment attached to it if you make
a comment I'll try and spot it and I'll
read I see trees climbing gear says is
the CBC like the BBC supported by tax
dollars yes the answer is yes the CBC is
Canada state broadcaster it stands for
the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
it's created by a statute called the
Canadian Broadcasting Act and every year
they receive about 1.5 billion dollars
from the government in various ways and
they also have what's called mandatory
carriage so they're forced into every
cable package in the country in fact not
just that if you're in English Canada
you are forced to take a French CBC
channel on your cable package even if
you're in a part of Canada
don't speak French and you don't speak
French so yeah Daniel chips and 2 bucks
thanks very much any intention to do
more reporting on the street Dan that's
a great idea and we have some talents on
our team who does a lot of that my
friend David Menzies does something
called generation Trudeau and he gets
out and does some really funny stuff and
Sheila does some of it and Katie Hopkins
does some of it but yeah I'd like to get
out there a bit more too sometimes my
day is a little bit jammed between
preparing me for my show doing this new
noon hour thing and trying to run the
rebel but I pre she ate the
encouragement and I do enjoy it I do
enjoy it especially going out to see
protesters especially anti-oil
protesters who are usually so clueless
and and I'm gonna ask some tough
questions well why are you why did you
drive here why using a cell phone made
from plastic or whatever and it's
something fun because they're so utterly
clueless and they're cannon fodder and
some of them are mentally challenged or
substance abuse some of them are
literally homeless people who were given
like 50 bucks to protest so it's not
even fun sometimes because the real
puppet masters in these groups and I and
I'm not saying that in some
conspiratorial way you go to these
protests and you can see there's usually
some boss off to the side not getting
their hands dirty and then there's the
ruffians that were paid 50 bucks to
protest as sort of sad actually I see oh
thank you trees climbing here for your
thanks that's great I gotta read a
couple more comments but before I do you
know I want to throw in a tiny ad it's
an ad for the rebel Life which is our
annual conference it's like a one-day
CPAC here can I throw an ad at you take
a look we're gonna discuss topics that
the political elites and the
Media party don't want us to discuss
political correctness be damned
enough of a principally died the world
by perhaps BR in better touch with
the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in this fight together
it's the over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left of this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times
most modern isn't business sophisticated
the philosophy now it's raw but it's
deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
and I've seen that that's sort of a
highlight reel from the rebel live last
year Doug Ford was speaking I'd and look
at him now he's set to be the next
premier of the country of Ontario excuse
me dr. Jordan Peterson that was I mean
he's always been biggie in our hearts
but boy he's just exploited exploded
ever since then number one book
everywhere you look
I Gavin McInnes so funny I mean he's an
acquired taste sure but my god I think
he's hilarious he's coming back this
year
Jordan Peterson's in Arizona on the day
of this year he won't be there but we
have someone in that vein I'm not quite
ready to announce their name will do
that on Monday so we have a great lineup
of folks coming and if you go to the
rebel live comm you can actually get our
early bird pricing for a few more days
and if you are a student or a senior I
know the pricing off hand because I saw
it and I was shocked by how cheap it is
it's 35 bucks for a whole day that
includes parking breakfast and lunch I
don't I mean I think we might actually
be losing money on this student and
senior early bird are barely breaking
even I mean that's an incredible I mean
I mean I just frankly I think that's a
little bit low but that's our price
we're going with so sign up and Gavin's
coming back that's gonna be hilarious
anyways let me get back to some of the
questions you rethread grundle and I
will never get tired of saying that name
has another super chat and thanks for
the 20 bucks you throw Crandall not my
real name
yeah I detected that but as soon is that
because Yuri throw of course is a part
of the human anatomy but you know there
is the name Aretha and I don't know I
mean if you never know these days you
never know I just like I don't want to
assume your gender I don't want to
assume that that's a fake name you read
through a grundle says many people are
still talking about the Toronto van
attacked the cause of the the van is in
question
it's an Isis style attack is there a
possibility that CBC is pushing fake
news for the liberal agenda well there
is it's not a possibility the CBC is
pushing for the liberal agenda that we
know is a certainty what we don't yet
know is what's really going on
it has been taken as true that the
suspect Alec Minassian published a
Facebook statement about how he's an in
cell warrior in the pattern of elliot
rodger an American youth who recorded
the fact that he had trouble getting
dates with women before he went on a
rampage so if that Facebook post is true
and it has not been verified directly by
Facebook or by police
they've just verified they've heard
reports it's only mean secondhand then
it may be some sort of it may be an
issue related to what they call in cells
that's that phrase for involuntary
celibates that's a fancy way of saying a
guy who can't get a date but I see that
before we even have a day of trial that
is the official narrative and even
though the style of the attack taking a
van and running down pedestrians is the
style that Isis has spanned it really
Alec Minassian as I've mentioned before
sounds like an Armenian name and
Armenians are generally Christian so
that may suggest that he is not in fact
Muslim or related to Isis we just don't
know wow we heard that there may have
been some mental illness we heard that
he briefly was in the Canadian military
but was drummed out possibly for being
mentally ill so we just don't know yet
but of course the CBC will do literally
anything they can to paint this as some
issue of white males now if you look at
out Minassian I don't think he's white
in the standard definition that we're
just like Elliot Rodger was half
Malaysian but that's the CBC they're
looking for white supremacist they'll
find him even where they don't exist
three outlet streets some more here oh
boy there's a lot of great comments and
by the way thanks guys for chipping in
on the super chat it helps us pay the
bills around here Mike Corbin great to
see you Mike thank you of course a
follow on Twitter will the rebel hire a
reporter to replace Chris Wilson NBC
Mike I would like to because of course
BC is the source of so much news
especially these days with the Burnaby
situation on the transparent pipeline
and the crazy NDP Green Party coalition
government
because we get zero money from the from
the government unlike the CBC because we
do not line up for handouts from the
government like post media because we
have no corporate backers we must be
very very careful about our budgets and
I have to say that's the only way we can
hire someone NB C is if we can make that
position pay for itself
and I just wish I could say yes or I
wish I could end the statement by saying
yes I want to I also want to have
someone in Saskatchewan frankly I'd also
like to you know we frankly if I had my
way we would have a bilingual person in
Montreal we have to these things have to
pay for themselves and we already have
more than 30 staff and they're living
off the crowdfunding we get and the pay
wall for the shows so that's just a fact
and I wish I had a bigger answer than
that but frankly your super chat helps
pay for things I'd like to accountable
politicians in Canada does a super chat
and says what is your view on the Indian
Act tax exemption well I my general
belief is that I think that we should
not have racial distinctions in the law
I think that we should all be equal
before the law that said if a treaty was
signed that granted specific rights to a
particular Indian tribe or a band I
think that should be honored where we
run into trouble I think is that the
plain language of those treaties many of
which were written more than a century
ago have been stretched so far beyond
what the actual wording of the treaty
says I think also that the the main
problem is not just exemption of taxes I
think the problem is the Indian Act
itself perpetually keeps Aboriginal
people in a secondary legal status
I remember the son I did a whole series
of videos on this I did a show in fact
you can I think you can still find it
online and and I had a quiz I know this
sounds crazy but but if you watch it
you'll see it's true
I would read a line from a law and I
would say is that from South African
apartheid
the Nuremberg Laws of Nazi Germany or
the Indian Act do you see my point
because I would take a a racist line
from the Indian Act and I would say is
that from Canada Nazi Germany or
apartheid and I and I I made this sort
of quiz you could find that on YouTube
pretty quick because I'll just give you
a quick example because I see this for
more questions popping up but I want to
hit them did you know that an Indian who
lives on an Indian band I'm using the
word Indian because it's called the
Indian Act and most Indians I know say
the word Indian you can have a last will
and testament like we all do but if some
politicians in the band don't think it's
right they have the legal right to crack
open your will and rewrite it no other
Canadian has that lack of Rights you
write a will it's your will not on an
Indian Bend can you believe that did you
know that Indian farmers and ranchers in
the prairies of which there are many the
Indian Act specifically requires that
they seek permission from the federal
government in Ottawa before they sell
their crops off the reserve I swear to
god I know that sounds insane and I can
imagine that the reasoning 150 years ago
was 100 years ago well well some
Hornswoggle invited stirs gonna come and
and bamboozle these Indian farmers or
managers and steal all their stuff or
whatever but you see my point in so
condescending treating these Aboriginal
farmers and ranchers like children
that's right there in the act I I know
that's hard to believe but the Indian
Act is actually in my mind the greater
impediment because it if you think I
mean look at Kanye West's talking about
the slave mentality well the site
mentality is legally enforced every
single day in Canada - the Indian Act so
the kind of eye-opening discussions that
Kanye West is leading in the United
States we don't have that here in Canada
there are a few Indians Chiefs who do
talk about it but they're generally
ignored by the mainstream media okay I
want to make sure I get a a few I see
one from Roy Ellsworth Ezra you need to
get out there and do what the great
Andrew Breitbart did and take on the
protesters Roy I appreciate that you're
the second person who's made that
comment today you know what I do like to
get out and about
and sometimes I feel like I have to be
here in the office because there's we're
building things we're changing things
we're developing things but yeah it is
fun out there on the streets there is
one difference I mean I remember when I
would go to some of the protests in
Toronto Vancouver in the last two years
there's been a market rise in violence
from the alt left and I don't know if
you remember when I actually spoke at an
event with Jordan Peterson at U of T
there was a a mini riot by masked
anti-fun now the police were there they
did a pretty good job but they pulled
you know the anti-fog they're like
children they pulled the fire alarm and
the fire department came in and said
sorry guys we know it's probably fake
but rules are rules you guys have to get
out I don't remember that and Jordan
Peterson and I we all went out so I was
pretty cold we just sort of gave a mini
talk right outside but in the last year
or two the violence from the alt left
has skyrocketed it's generally ignored
by the mainstream media I should say the
Toronto police were excellent that day
but sometimes they're not I mean I don't
know if you saw the news out of Waterloo
University of Waterloo Lindsay Sheppard
was gonna have some free inquiry event
there and Waterloo said yeah no we're
gonna charge you more than 20 thousand
dollars for security so that's their way
of saying we are going to give the ante
for violence hecklers a hecklers veto a
rioters videos veto by the way I went
online and I don't know if you know this
but many police departments across
Canada they allow you to hire actual
off-duty police in uniform for your
event now they have some rules that
can't be a the certain events they will
not take but if you're having like an
event on campus you can you can hire
actual off-duty cops real cops so them
not talking about paul blart mall cop
type fake security and you know how much
they are per hour I checked the $71 an
hour minimum three hours so for two
hundred and three bucks 200 or whatever
213 bucks you can actually hire a full
serious police Academy grad cop
for an event for two hundred bucks so
imagine charging and for three hours
imagine saying to lindsay shepherd you
cannot have
public events at our University for
which we already have a campus security
unless you pay more than twenty thousand
dollars which of course could buy a
hundred police officers for three hours
if you're paying the the rate at the try
so did you see my point is the anti
far-left violence has been approved by
the establishment we I mean I myself
have not been hit but we've had
cameramen camera women hit they hit
Lorne Southern but yeah it's a good
point I'll get out there
I appreciate the encouragement let me
see if there's any let me just check to
the team did I have I missed any super
chats or did I cover them okay there is
one question that I missed it are there
other contributors doing live streams
and I just don't have that here but my
team just emailed that to me oh that's
from Ally Clark Ally thank you very much
you know I should talk about that we
were just trying this out because I saw
someone do a super job that looks fun it
looks easy maybe make a few bucks I mean
if we made a hundred bucks in an hour
would that make it worthwhile when you
have some folks work in the camera
whatever yeah because I mean it's still
content we're talking about the news
where it's it's what we do here so this
week has been a test
I know Sheila was watching the show
earlier this week and she seemed to like
it
she's pretty busy and of course we want
her to do her main stuff she's got the
gun show she's got something called
gunshots and she's got she does she's
got a lot of stuff going on but I'd love
it if she did it but I wouldn't want to
impose that on her to the detriment of
her other work I'll ask her I'll ask her
okay well you know what it is 12:28
and I think it is time for our second ad
what do you think here's an ad for those
of you who don't come to my pay wall
show you should add for the pay wall
show I don't think I've seen this one
before either let's take a look
why should others go to jail while
you're at biggest carbon consumer I know
there's 85 hundred customers here and
you won't give them an answer you come
here once a year with the sign and you
feel morally superior well there you go
I guess it was just the opening sequence
from my own show and in response to a
couple of super chats what a reminder of
how much fun it is to get out there on
the street you saw I was talking to
David Suzuki very relevant I was talking
to Catherine Porter the liar journalist
who I don't know if you remember that
story she was at a jobs justice and
climate rally in downtown Toronto I just
went down there and I asked very
friendly questions to everybody I had no
clue who she was but she was a reporter
for the Toronto Star and so I
interviewed her and she insisted I
talked to her daughter they said you got
asked my daughter question I said you
know lady your daughter is like eight
and I don't really want to interview
kids it's really weird she said no no no
you've got to talk to my daughter and I
said alright well just look in the
camera and tell me you give me
permission because I don't want people
think I'm a creep talking to kids I mean
it's not it's not fun or challenging to
debate with a kid right but she said now
you've really got to talk to my daughter
I said alright lady
you know pageant mom easy just look in
the camera and say you give me
permission to talk to your daughter I
want people you know it was weird so I
talked to her and she just said do you
believe in global warming and I said
well yes I do had anyone who's heard of
the ice ages knows the globe is warm and
cooled over the years so it's a very
quick conversation and I think maybe the
mom was expecting me to be really mean
or something but I wasn't I've got kids
myself I'm not gonna be me doing it does
just you know that's like Kramer in that
scene in Seinfeld where he won type 1 2
against a bunch of kids so um I left and
I totally forgot about that because she
was just some weird mom I met and I
didn't realize till the next day that
she was a Toronto Star reporter and she
lied about the whole thing she said I
was mean to her daughter and she made up
dialogue that her own daughter allegedly
said but I had the whole thing on tape I
mean how stupid you have to be to make
up
fake facts about an encounter when you
saw me filming it like I didn't have a
hidden camera you saw I had the mic
there right so I sent the full unedited
clip to the star editors and they looked
through and they said yeah yeah we got a
liar on our hands and they had a very
lengthy Ombudsman's letter and Catherine
Porter had a had a sort of apology so
that was Catherine Porter by the way
she's now the New York Times lead
reporter in canvas so they love the fake
news don't they I see there's another
super check comment the corker Ezra how
about challenging Catherine McKenna to a
debate on the effects of co2 in the
environment you know what she would
surely decline but you know I suppose
there's no harm in such a challenge
I've spoken to serious thoughtful
scholars in this field for example Oh
help me out team who's the very friendly
gentleman who's with the international
climate change like a very friendly guys
got a beard and mustache way I just
can't members name right now and we've
had on the show and I'm embarrassed his
name's Justin oh that's of my tongue
very very credible soft-spoken scholar
and he's told me that he's tried to
debate Catherine McKenna
he said one meeting with her that she
wouldn't even that would clearly didn't
even pay any attention so I guess my
point is if Tom Harris that's the name
I'm sorry was something that's a point
ton if she would not debate a very
friendly I'm gonna say mild mannered
scholarly not mean guy like him there's
just no chance that she would debate on
an aggressive advocate like me she
doesn't believe in debate she believes
in just muttering the same talking
points again and again and again you saw
her in so we've shown some clips of her
recently when Rob so PUC asked her
questions when other MPs have asked her
questions about the effects of the
carbon tax I don't think she believes
the debate you said David Suzuki doesn't
believe in to me when was the last time
you've seen David Suzuki debate these
people don't debate they lecture
David Suzuki's appearance at the
University of Alberta next month it's
not a debate there will be no questions
to this lecture and he usually collects
a thirty thousand dollar fee I see a
super charge from aisle three saying
thank you well you're welcome not sure
what you're thinking me for but I'll do
my best
hey it's 12:30 three time flies I said
that today would be viewer free for all
your comments only but the but there's
something that and John human gave ten
bucks thanks very much for that but
there was something yesterday on NBC
we're talking about fake news here we're
talking about Katherine Porter and her
fake news the Toronto Star now she's
soon fake news for the New York Times we
talked about the fake news of the CBC
it's a real theme here yesterday was
devastating for NBC now they thought it
was gonna be devastating for Donald
Trump let me show you what NBC said so
proudly I think they said that it's
about 1:30 it was the big news of the
day take a look Ben BC News is reporting
that Michael Cohen the personal lawyer
for the President of the United States
has had his phone lines tapped wire
tapped by federal authorities NBC News
reporting that it's not clear exactly
when that wiretap was put in place you
know that was about a 30-second clip and
he said tap wiretap wiretap three times
in 30 seconds oh my god he was so
excited there's another NBC journalist
who tweeted that boom like he literally
wrote boom and then he had to cleave it
and be seen weren't even reporting they
were they were exuding they were
orgasmic I mean it would be shocking
news if it were true wouldn't it be not
not just that a lawyer and his client
would have their solicitor client
conversation that privilege broken like
a lawyer and a client have a solicitor
client privilege which means they can
talk freely because you have to have the
right to instruct your lawyer honestly
and candidly without people listening in
but the fact that a sitting president
would be wiretapped by some clearly out
of control special counsel so it was a
shocking shocking shocking story that
would
should scare anybody about the state of
solicitor client privilege and you know
we've heard repeatedly that Donald Trump
is not in fact under investigation it
would be shocking if he were under
investigation but NBC Saturday NBC
they're the most reputable people around
aren't they well yeah about that here
they they started with an editor's note
an editor's note but the editors note up
they said hey guys hey um earlier today
NBC News reported there was a wiretap on
the thoughts of Michael Cohen president
Trump's longtime personal attorney
sightings two separate sources with
knowledge of the legal proceedings
against Cohen um
but sorry guys three senior US officials
now dispute that saying that the
monitoring Cohen's phone was limited to
a log of calls so we've changed the
headline and yes it's just an editor's
note here just a little no just just we
I guess we just made it up but was just
an editor's note so you see the
president presidents under undergo
wiretap and you got it dead wrong and
you're blaming someone else and you're
just calling it an editor's own you
think that's you think that's sufficient
they later were humiliated into
publishing an actual Corrections put
that up on the screen as well I think
we've got there correction barely I mean
it changed the headline feds monitor
Trump lawyer Michael Cohen's phones but
even that isn't really accurate is it
because they just monitored who he
called they didn't monitor the calls and
even that his question what I see today
that general Flynn is in court and the
judge is questioning these fishing
expeditions an actual judge yeah so fake
news fake news it just never stops it
never stops I see some more super chefs
coming in let me catch up a bit John
human gave ten bucks thank you very much
for that someone named 3000gt VR 447 I
don't think that's a I don't think
that's a legal name keeps two bucks why
do you think Boy Scouts gave in to
liberals
well the same reason everyone does peer
pressure browbeating the slow creep
through our institutions demonization
normalization funding that's why it's
obvious
in fact it's it's a miracle that that's
a young girl from Utah who on a prom
night went out in that Chinese style
dress
what's miraculous is that a teenage girl
have the courage to stand up to it but
massive organizations no longer do and
by the way why can't there be a place
for boys to be boys this place is for
girls to be girls it's called Girl
Guides why can't they be places for boys
to be boys boys and girls are different
any parent knows that any human knows
that I'm Joel GJ says as a Canadian what
are your thoughts on the food of Canada
eg maple syrup proteins making bacon it
said well I am a huge aficionado of
maple syrup of course poutine thumbs up
Canadian bacon I generally avoid pork
products and shrimp for reasons of
religious tradition although I'm not
particularly religious it's just sort of
a custom I follow but yeah poutine and
if I had to recommend it I'd say Swiss
Chalet butene is not bad let's see if
there's any other super Czech comments
that I have missed
I don't think so let me just remote oh
yeah there was one it said by Ezra's
first a regulars it says join us on the
Azura's first irregular x' on youtube
and the gift is one pound 99 pence which
is about three dollars for 50 cents and
I thank you very much for that
um yeah listen I mean I I like taking an
hour a day to interact and I'm going to
take seriously I'm going to contemplate
seriously the advice to get out there on
the street you know I have to tell you
that we have to get security every time
we do that because the left will come up
to you and punch you in the face and I
remember one time we sent a camera down
to City Hall so this is right at the
heart of our democracy in Toronto's
Nathan Phillips Square and we
a journalist and we had a cameraman who
was actually a woman and we had one
security card for the journalists we
assumed that's who would be attacked and
Aoife couldn't attack the journalist
because we had a security guard there so
they attacked the young lady who works
with us still thankfully they attacked
her they attacked her and you know she's
a very slight young lady maybe a hundred
pounds very petite and an taifa the big
bad masked bullies of an tyfa went after
her so when we deploy a camera and a
cameraman and a journalist we we often
have to have not one but two security
tell me any other journalists in this
country who has to do that it's not just
me and it's not just our team here
Sheila gun Reid went to cover the
so-called women's march in front of the
operator legislature again the heart of
democracy the seat of the government and
she was punched in the face by a New
Democrat activist named Dion views and
again caught right on tape no one there
did anything in fact the the leftists
assembled helped Dion to use escape so
that's uh that's the reality I mean the
the CBC is breathless about the alright
and the threat the alt-right in Canada I
haven't I have yet to see any violence
from the out right in Canada I don't
think they're a big thing in Canada but
every single day we see the alt left
violence and the media is it goes to
great efforts to ignore that Jo GJ says
one more just because thoughts on ben
shapiro well let me say this about ben
shapiro he's a very bright man who is an
excellent articulator not just a current
of conservative politics but of the
underlying principles and what i like
about him is that he takes it to the
campuses where the culture wars are
being fought and i hope he continues to
do that he also of course is with the
daily wire and we admire some of the
people from there too that we've gotten
to know over the years including andrew
Clavin very very bright and the fellow
the other day who was on talking on my
my 8:00 p.m. show talking about the
power of language so there's no doubt
about a very principled very smart
conservatives i think the two
controversies that i
might address that would address them
gently our been who was I think would be
fair to call him a never Trump or who's
being reformed a bit and ben shapiro has
been critical of candice Ellen's and
Kanye West as to never Trump errs there
are some never Trump purse who are just
insane about it and Trump can do no good
even though I would say to you he's
governed as the most conservative
president since Reagan maybe even more
than Reagan if you look at his cabinet
appointments if you look at his judicial
appointments if you look at his Foreign
Affairs whether it's getting tough on
terrorism and you know ending Isis
instead of prolonging it his reluctance
to get involved in more boots on the
ground battles his you know deft
handling so far of the Korean situation
his tax cuts his withdrawal from the UN
global warming scheme just so many
moving the embassy in Israel to
Jerusalem and just saying to hell with
you Palestinians and then gonna call off
your foreign aid and I love how he's
taking on foreign aid and says if you're
not with America were takin names I love
I was taken on the you Anna my fate may
be my favorite Trump moment was after he
pulled the US on the United Nations
global warming treaty and said I was
voted by people in Pittsburgh not Paris
and I it's just how you're not gonna
like that guy my point is never Trump
errs despite what I've just listed and
many more things
oh I guess my favorite thing about Trump
is how he despises and disrespects the
media and it's about time so if you're a
never Trump / in the face of all that
you are not a real conservative I think
Ben is a reformed never Trump er that
who is honest enough to admit when Trump
is doing good things his skepticism
about Candice Owens and Kanye West well
sure you got to be skeptical of a
celebrity but you can't be skeptical of
what is actually happening which is you
you have a cultural leader in the black
community having an honest transparent
real time conversation but whether or
not it's okay for young black men to be
conservative or a Republican and that's
amazing and whether or not he is morally
ethically politically pure someone to
bet on I don't
think that's the point in Candace Owen
the young lady with a charley Kirk's
group Turning Point USA I think it's
called well you know if she was a
liberal or a Democrat in the past yeah
that's the whole point if you're going
fishing for for votes from people who
have never voted with you before odds
are they're gonna be Democrats or
liberals I mean that's the whole point
of bringing people over from the black
community that is the most
monolithically Democrat community so I I
don't think you want to be you know
what's that old saying don't make the
perfect the enemy of the good ben
shapiro in many ways is the perfect
conservative ideologically he was
conservative since he was a fetus and he
was he was so young conservative not
every conservative comes to it that way
and so I guess those would be my two
gentle criticisms of Ben the first is I
think he's largely abandoned his never
trumpism and the second with regards to
Kanye West and Candace Owens I'd say
don't don't judge them too punctiliously
because they're moving in the right
direction
I see another super chatted to crept in
let me just scroll back here
Joel GJ say I try I say Trump skeptic he
calls balls and strikes yeah yeah I
think so I think that's where he is now
and as was first a regular uncensored
chat only at Ezra's first two regulars
there you go John human with another two
bucks that's very good thank you it's
12:45 so we got 15 more minutes I'm
gonna read some questions if you want me
to make sure I see yours then just do a
little super chanc and chip in as little
as two bucks earlier this week we had
some people chipping in 50 bucks which
was sort of amazing yo ho lo ho says
Trump from 10 percent black man to 22
percent in one week that's amazing yeah
I mentioned that yesterday I showed the
Reuters poll and it's not just the Trump
favorability number monks black man from
11% to 22% I know if you saw when I
showed it yesterday there's another 7%
who were sort of thinking about it who
are undecided if they continue their
journey and become Trump supporters
that's 29 percent let's call that 30
percent just to round off the number
thirty percent of black men
favorable to Trump he's gonna win those
close States with a large black vote and
I mentioned Pennsylvania with a large
black population in cities like
Pennsylvania in Philadelphia
you get 30% of the black vote in
Philadelphia that's no longer a lock for
the Democrats ally Clark $10 thank you
very much says will you be streaming
rebel live event online also how can we
see the Christian movie online that's a
great question the the answer is yes we
will be streaming the rebel live as we
did last year that you will have to sign
up for our pay wall for that and it's
eight bucks a month and again that's
just how we pay the freight here I mean
we have some costs associated with the
event not just for people who attend in
person but you know we have to do we
have to cover some of those costs and
the question was how about to save the
Christians we are working with a
distributor for the save the Christians
documentary we had the by the way can
find more about if you don't know what
I'm talking about you can go to save the
Christians calm Hannah let's make a
little video promo for next week for the
battleground let's have an ad for next
week so we'll show you it for those of
you don't know what I'm talking about
go to the website save the Christians
calm we we went to Iraq last year and we
made a documentary out of it about the
persecution of Christians at the hands
of Isis and now that Isis is in retreat
at the hands of an iran-backed Muslim
militia called hostile shabi it took me
a while to learn how to pronounce that
there is another group that is at war
with Christians there there always is
this time it's backed by Iran and it
actually has the blessing of the Iraqi
government in Baghdad scope hostile
shobbie
in fact a town that we went to interact
that had just been liberated from Isis
it was conquered in October by hostile
Shami my point is that Christians there
are in constant peril you can find out
more about a documentary and say the
Christians calm and specific answer your
question Ali we're working with the
distributor because we want to get
maximum distribution for the movie
through Christian channels and we want
to make it a commercial property because
we have to pay
pay for all the editors who worked on it
pay for all the production it is my hope
that eventually in time we make that
whole video available for free on
YouTube but as you know it will get no
money from ads on YouTube conservative
movies Rd monetized and anything that
criticizes Islamic terrorism would it be
immediately demonetised so we do have to
recoup our costs in other ways I see
John human as a question what do you
think of reel in Anderson and William
Anderson a Brooks Alberta suing Trudeau
over attestation well what timely
question and it just so happens that on
my 8 p.m. show tonight I am interviewing
their lawyer John Carr pay of the
Justice Center for constitutional
freedom about that very case so I think
it's great that they're suing and and I
think we might even be talking to them
as well so yeah completely supportive
this goes to my point about Islamic
charities being allowed to get summer
jobs money from Justin Trudeau but
Christian groups not uh Andreas von T
asks what are my thoughts on Michelle
Rempel well um there's a lot of things I
like about Michelle Rempel I like that
she's media savvy I like how she's
taking a run at various liberal cabinet
ministers for example she had a real go
at Bill Morneau over gender studies in
the in the budget because he's seen it
claims it was a gender analysis and
whatnot and and she made him look like
the fool that he is I have to say she's
a bit feminist for my taste I think
she's a she she is a style of a third
wave feminist in the Conservative Party
and there are those but I think my main
criticisms of her I mean by the way I'm
a supporter the first but my main
criticism of hers is as the immigration
critic for the Conservative Party she
has not found the courage to challenge
two things that I think need to be
challenged the first is the absolute
number of immigrants to Canada that
number was $250,000 a year
until recently and only 8% of Canadians
wanted that number increased 92% either
wanted to say the same for the majority
one of that number lowered I'm at Husson
without any legitimacy or campaign issue
or any mandate increased it to 300,000 a
year not a peep from Andrew Shearer or
Michelle Rempel they never speak about
the absolute number of migrants and
number two obviously she never talks
about Islam she never talks about the
preference the hard-wired preference in
Justin Trudeau to bring in Muslim
migrants from any part of the world
either as general refugees or Muslim
immigrants or Muslim refugees she
doesn't dare touch that third rail of
politics but I put it to you that is
what a lot of Canadians are concerned
about especially in the age of either
hard terrorism or the soft jihad of
Sharia Creed so those are my thoughts
Michelle Rempel there's some questions
another one Mike Levine chipping in too
much thanks very much I don't see a
question
attached to it if you have another one
I'll taking a look at it so in the
meantime we've got about 8 minutes left
I will read some non-super chat
questions andrea Hetherington since we
need to stay away from the same
political tactics the liberals engage in
we should be skeptical in critics our
own platform and friends
that's why conservatives will win I'm
not sure what you're referring to Andrea
because I I can't follow all of these
comments in real time as I'm also
looking camera if it's a question about
the fact that we would criticize
conservatives whether Jason Kenney
enters here or Michelle Rempel we are
not a house organ for any party
obviously we're generally supportive of
the Conservative Party federally in the
United conservatives in Alberta and Doug
Ford in Ontario and that's because they
generally support our ideas but at the
end of the day we're loyal to those
ideas and to our viewers not to a party
label I myself have not held a party
membership in many years even though
it's obvious I'm going to be voting
consider
federally and conservative provincially
I'm just not part of a group that would
swear a loyalty to any party and you
need to be loyal to a party to be a
party member that's in their
Constitution I am not part of those
clubs and I don't I don't think our
journalists are and we have commentators
when we have pundits and our sympathies
are obvious but our sympathies with
politicians are only as long as those
politicians are vehicles for our views
and for the visas of Canadians and that
em laying says leave now and dogwood
trying to slander conservatives well
absolutely they are those are both
foreign funded organizations
that's dogwood initiative takes an
enormous amount of foreign funds to
attack Canadian oil sands and pipelines
and I don't know who you're saying
they're slandering they attack us all
the time because we are advocates for
Canada and for Canadian jobs including
oil and gas I'm curious why the dogwood
initiative and its funders never take on
sandy Arabia Iran Venezuela Nigeria or
OPEC countries I see there's an
super-sad from trees climbing gear that
says love rebel media and boot out
Trudeau thank you very much I appreciate
that Canadian girl says when Jimmy
Kimmel
trashes conservatives and Christians
he's trashing Canadians too well of
course he is I know that Jimmy Kimmel's
politics have a limited appeal he
brought the oscar broadcast to its
lowest ratings ever however tell jokes
Jimmy I think you me used to be funny
and when he told real jokes rather than
just told Democratic talking points with
a laugh track
Rory Ellsworth said I think Candice
Owens followed the same path as Andrew
Breitbart went from a liberal to a
consumer well that's the thing you know
there's this old saying you have to make
peace with your enemies as then you make
peace with your enemies not your friends
as in if you're trying to compromise
your win someone over by definition
you're going to be talking to people who
are at odds with you at first and if you
try to bring people who are liberal
opponents to become conservative allies
or at least independent thinkers you
have to reach out to them
and I don't think we should I don't
think we should over scrutinize people
there is something called an entry
someone who would come in for the
purposes of being a Trojan horse I do
not see Kanye West being that at all
he's already taken so many body blows
he's already lost so many false friends
and made so many real enemies because of
his open mind I don't think this is a
trick on his part there's no possible
upside to it I think he's genuinely
thinking out loud in cannas Owens who
are we to say that her evolution is
anything but bona fide E and if she was
a liberal in the past so us it isn't
that the point that we want to take a
large number of people who were liberals
and turn them in conservatives and it
went since Churchill him said who said
and I'm paraphrasing if you weren't a
socialist of 20 you had no heart if
you're still a socialist of 40 you have
no brain the point is we can have this
journey and it's called growing up isn't
it I mean don't we don't we all evolve a
little bit I mean Ben Shapiro is unusual
in that he was conservative as a young
age I never had a liberal phase myself
either I was conservative even in high
school but that's unusual
that's not normal normal people aren't
even political in their tender years and
it's so easy for someone in their teens
and twenties to become liberal because
they are in a completely liberal
environment namely schools so I think we
should support people who want to come
over
I see now the super chat from Victoria
Parliament who says any plans to stop
recycling old videos of Gerald pots
no absolutely not is the answer and I
did say I'm not sure if the meaning of
your super chat is that you're tired of
seeing them I understand there's one
video in particular can we tee it up
there
can we see up the alternative gateway
route tweet the video there's a few
videos we use of Gerald butts a lot and
one of them is about 30 seconds and I
know I've shown it probably 10 times but
it's that important in my mind this
video puts a lie to any debate that
geryl butts who's now Justin Trudeau's
principal secretary would contemplate
any compromise or any pipeline that he
wants any pipeline anyone who sees this
video taken when Gerald Butz was the
president of the World Wildlife Fund can
took foreign money are you guys ready
with that vid we're notwe're it's gonna
take us a minute to find it you may be
tired to seeing it but I want you to
know that video just as intimately as
you know all that videos of an
embarrassing moment of Rob Ford of an
embarrassing moment of Stephen Harper of
an embarrassing moment of any if there's
a conservative who says something
embarrassing
once on camera it is repeated for the
rest of history until the public knows
it by heart and the video that I'm going
to show you right now Gerald butts
should be seen by every Albertan every
british columbian every Ontarian every
Canadian forever until you know the
Justin Trudeau and Gerald buds despise
oil and gas they love the carbon tax and
they want to get us off oil into some
new socialist economy roll the clip
truth be told we don't think there ought
to be a carbon-based energy industry by
the middle of this century that's our
policy in Canada and it's our policy all
over the world you can choose to fight
this fight on locking us into a high
carbon economy for five decades and I
think that's a very reasonable
perspective to take in fact it's when we
do take so we don't think that we think
that the oil sands have been expanded
too rapidly without a serious plan for
environmental remediation in the first
place so that's why we don't think it's
up to us to decide whether there should
be another another route for a pipeline
because the real alternative is not an
alternative route it's an alternative
economy so he says that shouldn't be a
phosphoryl economy by the middle of the
century it's 2018 what's the middle of
the century 2040 to 2060 so in 22 years
no no more auto industry no oil and gas
no mining he's a radical he says he's
not interested in an alternative route
he doesn't want any route for any
pipeline I think this video should be a
household video that everyone knows
about it in Canada so what was that
about 45 seconds yeah we show that a lot
because if we don't who will
do you think that's ever been played on
c.b.c I don't know maybe your question
was not critical or skeptical but I
believe that we have a duty to publicize
and popularize the alternative narrative
to what the CBC says well I see by my
clock that it's the top of the hour 1:00
p.m. Eastern Time that ends the first
experimental week of battleground we're
going to think about it I've enjoyed it
um we have to get those viewership
numbers up and I don't know if that's
because the time of day or I'm too
boring
we haven't promoted it all that might be
one reason I want to know if it's worth
our time because there's a few of us
working on it and of course we have
other things to do obviously the people
who are here seem to like him those who
chip in with a super chat I appreciate
that but it's been a test run I think
we're going to keep doing it for a
little while and we maybe will switch
the time of day me but we'll switch the
format or whatever but I enjoyed it and
I hope you did too so on behalf of all
of us here at rebel world headquarters
in Toronto thanks for a great week for
those of you who aren't members of our
pay wall please consider subscribing
because at 8 p.m. tonight we'll address
some of these very issues that we talked
about today in greater depth so until 8
p.m. tonight Eastern Time and until
Monday at noon on behalf of all of us
here see you later and keep fighting for
freedom
