here's the story in The Huffington Post
today CEO Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook
will rank news outlets by
trustworthiness the social media Titan
says the rankings will determine
placement in its news feed feature so
Mark Zuckerberg perhaps the least
trustworthy executive in America who's
done in jail he's going to tell us who
to trust and then we have to trust him
about who we can trust isn't determining
who to trust
our job as citizens as humans isn't that
really what being human is all about
making decisions in life based on
competing choices deciding what's best
for ourselves making good choices or bad
choices but in the end they're our
choices and frankly what one person
chooses may be right for him and not
right for someone else who makes a
different choice vive la diff√©rence
and when it comes to politics isn't that
the whole point each side challenges the
other and voters get to decide who's
most trustworthy as in not some awkward
megalomaniacal ire from Silicon Valley
choosing for us if I could if I knew
what I knew now then then I hope I
wouldn't have made those mistakes but I
can't go back and change the past I can
only do what we think is the right thing
going forward would you trust that
sweaty liar seriously you're letting
that sociopathic freak who apologizes
every year for lying to you you're gonna
let him decide what's true or false
trustworthy Facebook systemic censorship
ranking the trustworthiness of media
isn't that my job your job each of our
own drops is the New York Times
trustworthy remember this that was what
they said was a fact just weeks before
the u.s. election anyways uh I I saw I
cited the story today from a report in
The Huffington Post the story is also
reported by BuzzFeed because both
Huffington Post and BuzzFeed
were invited to a private get-together
with Facebook let me quote from BuzzFeed
we put that data into the system and is
acting as a boost or a suppression we're
gonna dial up the intensity of that
overtime he said
we feel like we have a responsibility to
further breakdown polarization and find
common ground so they're gonna say
what's trustworthy and what's not and
they're gonna suppress and and promote
but but it's not his job to do that to
homogenize our views and break down
polarization yes no it's a polarization
good evil
Republican Democrat conservative liberal
you can't blend it all together into a
big mushy vanilla it always ends up to
be leftist and establishment you can't
there are certain things that are
divisive and that's healthy and in
democracy and look at the list of people
who were there who were briefed on this
news and this private off-the-record
meeting the meeting included
representatives from BuzzFeed news the
information courts the New York Times
CNN The Wall Street journal/nbc recode
Univision Barron's The Daily Beast The
Economist Huff Post inside of the
Atlantic the New York Post and others
other than the New York Post that is a
100% anti Trump list
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
