a central Alberta School Board has voted
to cut ties with a Christian Academy
because that Christian school refused to
censor the Christian Bible I've got yet
another update to bring you about the
real bigots at the battle River school
division a bureaucrat at the battle
River school division named Laurie
Laurie ordered a school to stop teaching
passages in the Bible that she found
personally offensive for example score
he ordered the school to stop teaching a
passage from first Corinthians because
she didn't like that passage
so the parents started fighting back
demanding religious freedom in the rule
of law in Alberta be respected at the
school board and then this school board
went completely bananas battle River
school division has been running amok
trampling all over religious freedom and
making bizarre and completely unfounded
allegations and wasting the RCMP s time
for the better part of I don't know two
years and I'm not kidding at all at one
point through Freedom of Information
request the documents we got back
revealed that the school board wanted a
pastor to be punished censured for
defending the Bible and score II told
the media that she was getting threats
from the public because we at the rebel
exposed her bigotry towards Christianity
the school board even suggested to the
media that score he had contacted the
RCMP over death threats that she said
she had been receiving from mean old
Christians but when we got the internal
emails back through Freedom of
Information requests there were no
threats at all just some rough language
these people at the school board were
proven to be a bunch of consistently
histrionic liars who played the media
every step of the way and behaved like
the victims they really weren't they
pretended to be the victims in the story
when they were really the heavy-handed
villains who were cracking down on
religious freedom in a small school
incensed
Alberta now you can see all of our
ongoing coverage of all the twists and
turns and ins and outs of this bizarre
crazy story of bigotry and censorship at
wwlp.com
but now the battle River School Division
has officially cut ties with Cornerstone
in the face of a legal challenge from
the Parents Association that actually
runs this school now that legal
challenge is on the grounds of religious
freedom the school board voted
overwhelmingly to close Cornerstone
Christian Academy despite telling global
news that the Bible verse controversy
had eventually been completely dealt
with in this quote from the new school
board chair Kendall Severson gives the
real reason why cornerstone just had to
be closed I guess it was the
unwillingness to work together for a
communications protocol and how we will
communicate with each other and dealing
with issues that arise we can't work
together with an organization that's got
legal action against us and not willing
to come together and work on an
agreement and that unwillingness to work
together on a communications protocol
what the school board chair really means
is that the Parents Association that
runs Cornerstone Christian Academy would
not agree to a gag order imposed only on
them and not the school board with
regard to the ongoing conflict so the
problem as this school board chair
explains it is that the school and
parents didn't allow the school board to
abuse them and to violate their rights
in utter darkness you see the parents
didn't keep the school board's bigoted
secrets from seeing the light of day
Cornerstone had the audacity to stand up
and fight back in a public forum and
embarrass the bigots and for that the
good education of nearly 170 Christian
kids in small town Alberta lies in a
precarious state one parent told Global
News this is our kids future and it was
dashed by a social political belief
system there's a lot of animosity there
I think its internal we are people of
faith and we are a community of faith
and we choose to forgive but we also
have rights and those parents are
fighting for their rights with the help
of our friends at the Justice Center for
constitutional freedoms a lawyer
for the Justice Center a man named James
kitchen said parents have a right to
educate their children as they see fit
and parents have a right to associate
with each other to develop religious
institutions and religious educational
institutions those schools are not only
permitted to exist as independent
schools in Alberta they are permitted to
exist as alternative programs under
section 21 of the school act and be a
part of public school divisions such as
battle River so it appears this school
board is breaking the law and the
self-proclaimed defenders of public
education in the NDP government are very
very quiet about all of this and when I
said earlier that these kids are getting
a good education where they are at
Cornerstone I'm not even remotely
exaggerating Cornerstone says on its
website that an expression of faith in
Jesus Christ will be evident in the
overall school performance in order to
create a positive learning environment
where academic achievement is evidenced
by meeting or exceeding provincial
achievement test averages so you know
what I fact checked that statement from
their website and nearly 93 percent of
all children writing the grade six
English language arts provincial
achievement tests at Cornerstone are
achieving the acceptable standard nearly
eighty seven percent of students are
achieving the acceptable standard in the
math nine provincial achievement tests
87.5 of kids are achieving the
acceptable standard in the social nine
provincial achievement tests 100% of the
students are achieving the acceptable
standard on the math thirty two diploma
exam and 100% of their students are
achieving the acceptable standard in the
social thirty-two diploma exam
but wait there's more the school has a
rating of excellent in seven other
categories including safe and caring
schools provincial achievement test
excellence the Rutherford scholarship
eligibility rate parental involvement
and continuous improvement
James kitchen that lawyer for the
Justice Center for constitutional
freedoms that I quoted earlier said
there have been absolutely no
allegations of educational deficiency or
any other complaints regarding
cornerstone and that's true not even one
while Rachel Notley Pat's herself on the
back as a defender of the education
system because she's opening more
schools she's very quiet now as
cornerstone is being closed this is a
good school by every metric the Alberta
education system can use these kids are
thriving
but cornerstone is unapologetically
Christian so the government is going to
close this school and move these kids
these thriving overachieving kids into
increasingly mediocre public schools but
the good news is the parents have a plan
I mentioned their legal challenge
earlier but if that fails the parents
plan to reopen as a completely private
school in the fall and while I sort of
want to see cornerstone set free from
the crazy people at the Battle River
School division and become a fully
independent private school the spiteful
part of me hopes they stay in the school
division just to teach the government
and those bureaucrats a lesson in human
rights and religious freedom protected
in Alberta's diverse educational system
and you can be sure we will bring you
all the news about cornerstones legal
battle for religious freedom and what
their future holds for the rebel dot
media I'm Sheila Gunn read at the rebel
we've been covering the crazy story of
the Battle River School division and
their attempts to censor Cornerstone
Christian Academy from the very
beginning to catch yourself up with all
of our coverage go to the real bigots
calm
you
