as details emerge regarding the motive
of accused mass murderer or Alek
Minassian a pitcher is emerging in which
Minassian is socially awkward a
misogynist and someone who is perhaps
afflicted with Asperger's syndrome yet
how is it that the race of this creep is
suddenly relevant at least when it comes
to the usual suspects on the left in
carrying out his grotesque massacre in
North Toronto it seemed Alec Minassian
took a page right out of the ISIS
playbook a deadly tactic used so
frequently in so many other cities like
a nice when a terrorist drove a truck
through a Bastille Day parade by the way
there are people on the Left who are
undoubtedly already labeling me as an
islamaphobe for a merely mentioning Isis
especially since the Minassian case is
apparently devoid of radical Islam but
welcome to our ever-evolving planet so
beholden to the dogma of the double
standard even though according to the
religion of peace calm there have been
precisely 32,000 994 deadly attacks
carried out in the name of Allah since
9/11 alone it's best not to mention such
facts the West makes for a polite
society these days and we really don't
want to come across as being Allah
forbid culturally insensitive we even
have to be careful with our language
when the motive is jihad like the pulse
nightclub shooting in Orlando in which
Premier Kathleen Wynne said Islamophobia
cannot be used to fight homophobia but
back to Alec Minassian who was not
motivated by radical Islam but he does
leave this question to ponder what was
his motive indeed
well commentators are noting that alec
Minassian is another telltale indicator
of the real and present danger of sex
deprived males who are young angry oh
and white oh you didn't know that being
a misogynist is a white thing that being
involuntary
early celibate the so-called affliction
Minassian suffered from is a caucasian
condition
well yes apparently when it comes to
losers who have a lot of trouble getting
laid there are no black brown and/or
Asian dudes who fall into that category
indeed in a MacLaine's piece chronicling
the Toronto massacre it is noted that
Minassian is a member of the insell
movement an abbreviation for
involuntarily celibate the Maclean's
piece notes that quote according to
University of Toronto sociology
professor Judith Taylor insel was a
group started by a young Canadian woman
in 1993 for people who struggled to find
acceptance in their social lives end
quote
but writer Jeremiah Rodriguez follows up
that statement with this one quote the
term involuntarily is celibate would
soon be appropriated by groups of
disaffected young white males who often
vented their frustrations on online
forms end quote
now wait a second here what's with the
race card and given the official rules
of reporting Islamic terrorism our
reporter is supposed to be like the
three monkeys when it comes to race you
know hear no evil speak no evil see no
evil but suddenly in the Minassian case
race is now very relevant when it comes
to a motive for carrying out an alleged
act of deadly misogyny Wow who knew in
any event I did briefly visit the chat
room in a.cian allegedly frequented in
cell dot me Wow
folks it is a dark disturbing realm
boiling over with the most repugnant
hatred imaginable spewed by the worst
sort of losers to ever gain access to a
keyboard upon exiting insult me I felt
as though I needed to shower and
fumigate my computer but after reading
some of the putrid posts it would appear
that the insel movement contrary to the
ongoing media party narrative is not
exclusively comprised of white males
nope for a lass and alack even here one
finds that much vaunted
multicultural mosaic so precious to the
lakes of Mara Tory and premier Wynne and
Prime Minister Trudeau we're not a day
goes by in which the word diversity is
an utter at least a dozen times yet I
ask even if the in cell movement was a
whites-only Bastion what happened to
those unofficial rules when it comes to
reporting terrorism you know this idea
that race religion etc etc is entirely
irrelevant or does that rule book apply
only to those who are carrying out
terrorism in the name of the religion a
peace for the rebel media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel has
a brand new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
