I'm as relevant it's May 2nd in you're
watching battleground
well hello and welcome back we are
running a trial run all week we're
calling it battleground is using the new
super chat function on YouTube it's it's
fine I like saying the word super chat
as you know this is a live feed it'll be
available after the hour to watch
normally but during this hour you can
make comments along the side regular
comments but of course there's too many
of them for me to interact with all of
them so there's something called super
chat the Google invented where you can
pay a buck or two and your comment is
huge and in bright colors and I will do
my best to get all of those super chat
questions besides just chatting though
we want to bring you some of the news
today as you may know every day at 8
p.m. Eastern Time I have a show called
the Ezra lavance show that's behind our
pay wall and it's for loyal subscribers
many of whom have been with us for years
we're trying to reach out to our YouTube
subscribers who haven't yet done that
maybe they like the format of YouTube
maybe they just like the fun of it so
we're doing this every day at 12:00 noon
Eastern you know it's a better way for
me to spend the time than to have my
second lunch I'm like a cruise ship that
was that way I'm two two sittings for
lunch and people said as funny yeah skip
one of those lunch settings and just do
a chit chat we got a few stories I want
to cover today and I will be I'm gonna
mix it up and like I say we're beta
testing this we're giving it a drive
around we haven't really promoted at all
I've had twit tweet it once or twice or
something but I want to see what works
and what does and and I want to see
people like it because it's fairly easy
to do compared to my others show cuz
it's live it still does take some time
and effort if you like it I'll keep
doing it if you don't we'll find other
things so we thought we would have a
soft launch one of the things that I've
learned is that we need little
commercial breaks just so I can have a
proper sip of water so we're gonna hat
we're gonna add a little commercial
breaks and what I mean little I mean
like 15 seconds I really just to promote
other exciting things that we're doing
for example I don't know if you know
this but this week we announced our
second annual rebel live event it's like
a CPAC convention in Washington but we
do it in Toronto last
we had about 800 people we're doing it
again this year on June 2nd you can yell
the info at the rebel live.com and hey I
don't know if if he is but my
troublemaking just friend that Gavin
McInnes he's coming back up for that and
he doesn't work for the rebel anymore
but we're still chums he works for CR T
V now and I said Gavin you got to come
up you were the hit last time he made me
so nervous so he's coming up again this
time we've got some other names I'm not
gonna we got a very spicy name I'm not
gonna let you know just yet we're not
ready to announce it um so what I'm
gonna do one of the changes I'm gonna
make today as opposed to yesterday is
instead of boom boom boom showing all my
video clips at once and then chatting
for the rest of the hour I'm gonna break
it up a bit so we've got three stories
today the first is Dick's Sporting Goods
which is just what it sounds like a
sporting goods store I mean I guess Bass
Pro is another kind up here Canadian
Tire might sort of be it although
they're more a hardware store these days
but they're based on hunting and fishing
you know yeah hiking and canoeing and
stuff but hunting and fishing and they
have gone so insane in recent months Oh
against firearms which is their bread
and butter and more than just that I
mean not everyone who Shops at Dick's
buy the gun obviously but I would say
the vast majority of people who do are
at least comfortable with or
appreciative of even admiring of
firearms in their place in American
North American history firearms
ownership is more of an American thing
than a Canadian thing although I should
say millions of Canadian homes have
firearms I'm not talking about handguns
I'm talking about shotguns and rifles
things that hunters might use going out
and shooting ducks with a shotgun
protecting your farm whatever it's more
a country things sure it is and that's
who goes to Dick's and here's the crazy
crazy thing
after the shooting in parkland in
Florida which had nothing to do with
sporting goods or dicks they made a
virtue signaling announcement that they
were going to restrict their sales of
firearms and they made this big showy
virtue something Dick's Sporting Goods
had nothing to do with the shooting
nothing and they decided to make it
about them I don't know if it was
decided by some up-and-coming MBA who
thought this is the new virtue signaling
social justice approach to corporate
governance I don't know I don't know if
it was just some social media millennial
who made a tweet and then the company
said oh gosh we made that tweet I guess
we're we're stuck with that policy
decision but put that put that website
up just for one second I want to read it
again because I think I've cracked the
code here what's going on so you can see
this is a great story in the Federalist
that's a website I'm going to more and
more these days Dick's Sporting Goods
hired three gun control lobbyists in
April so let me explain so that they're
not just saying hey guys we're gonna
change our policies for selling guns and
you know at their private business that
can change the policy I think it's
really done I mean what's next for them
to cave into PETA People for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals and said we're not
gonna sell fishing rods anymore because
for every fishing rod sold that fish has
to die if you're any good at fishing so
my so it's it's one thing for them to
make a dumb counterintuitive business
decision that is contrary to their own
interests and contrary to the aesthetics
and and interests and activities of
their own customers that's weird
that would be like Ford's saying well
we're not gonna we're not gonna sell big
cars anymore because there was a bad car
accident okay that's really weird
but look what they've done now now they
don't just want to regulate themselves
which is their business I think it's a
dumb decision but it's their business
now they have hired three lobbyists to
press to limit other people now by the
way in the United States the Second
Amendment is a fundamental part of the
Bill of Rights it is a civil right the
NRA properly kill
self America's oldest civil rights
organization and by the way one of your
early users and beneficiaries of the
Second Amendment the NRA were blacks who
could not rely on the state to protect
themselves they relied on private
firearms ownership that's another story
my story today is it's one thing for
Dick's Sporting Goods to say we're gonna
do something really weird it'd be like
you'll be like Kentucky Fried Chicken
going vegetarian be like Kentucky Fried
chicken's and we're against killing
chickens it's inhumane we're gonna have
vegan we're I mean if you want to do
that if you want to destroy decades of
brand value and reputation and just
weird out your customer base fill your
boots but no no it would be as if KFC
decided to go vegan have just tofu
drumsticks but then hired three
lobbyists to lobby to make other
fast-food chains go vegan too and I know
you think that's a crazy analogy but
it's actually the lightbulb moment for
me
why would dicks actually hire lobbyists
to spread their anti-gun message well I
think I know and you tell me what you
think of this I think it's because they
harmed themselves so brutally they
screwed themselves so royally and
they're too stubborn to admit it so
they're saying well if we can't sell
guns like we used to because we're in
this weird social justice rut how are we
going to compete with the guys who still
do oh I know let's ban their right to
sell guns I think it's a competitive
move I think they made such a dumb
business decision and they're unwilling
to back down so if they can hobble their
competitors and make their competitors
follow the same stupid business decision
but not by willfully choosing it because
their competitors are smarter than that
but by having the state crackdown on
them through restrictions on firearms
rights that's their plan here it would
be like to use my KFC analogy if KFC you
know and erased all memory of Colonel
Sanders and had like some banana
some human banana as their as their
mascot saying shoot we have screwed
ourselves so royally now we have to hire
lobbyists to take on chick-fil-a and
Swiss Chalet and other you know chicken
restaurants because we have screwed
ourselves so badly by going vegan the
only way out of this other than
swallowing our pride is to drive
chick-fil-a out of business and KFC and
other KFC chicken competitors up is
that's my theory what do you think of
that they're doubling down they're
tripling down and they're turning a
one-day dumb decision into their legacy
I look forward to seeing their next
earnings report I cannot imagine that
this would not backfire what
self-respecting sportsmen angler and I'm
talking about hunters what
self-respecting outdoorsmen would say
yeah man I think the right answer here
is to turn a stupid tweet into not just
a company-wide policy but to reform the
US Bill of Rights oh my god
all right you know what I want to jump
into my second story I'm also going to
talk about Rosanna she was doing great
she went on Jimmy Fallon and it was it
was actually really good TV because it
was so different from the tripe that's
normally on that show I'm going to show
you that in a minute not right now and
I'm gonna I'm gonna play the video of
Kanye West going to TMZ which I really
liked and I'll tell you why but first
I'm gonna do what I said I would do and
instead of just pushing all the stories
out let me look at the chat let me look
at the comments and and key off of those
um let me just remind you how the super
chat works
anyone can make a comment for free as
you can see things are going full-tilt
on that but if you want to make a super
check comment it's two bucks five bucks
yesterday someone put in 50 bucks which
was amazing and that just makes your
comment really bright and it sticks it
to the top there for a period of time
that's actually related to the amount of
dough you put in and why would you do
that you would do that if you want me to
for sure see your tweet and have
everyone else see it but this summer
100% of viewer support so actually helps
us out too as you probably know
YouTube's another social media
are restricting Andy monetizing
conservative news sites I mean it's not
just us obviously it's everyone from
Phil DeFranco who's not even that
conservative really Paul Joseph Watson
ask any conservative on YouTube and they
will tell you that YouTube is
demonetized
so this is a small replacement for that
and it helps us and it could be a way
for you to support us in particularly by
the way if you haven't done already make
sure you click Subscribe and click that
little bell icon to make sure you get
notifications when there's a new video
up and I know we have a lot we put up I
don't know 10 videos a day from our
different contributors but that's
another way to spread the word all right
let me go to the chat and then come back
to Rosana and Jimmy Fallon
uh Michelle wolf has a face for radio
and a voice for the day you are so right
and you know what I mean you're talking
about the comedian who was at the White
House Correspondents Dinner and we did I
think we did our first show on that I
had about four or five clips you are
right and normally someone as homely as
myself would not throw stones from Glass
Houses at someone's looks but that's
what she was doing don't you think
there's a special exception that if
someone is mocking the appearance of
another that they then make their own
appearance legit and I said as I said so
I think as I'm on this show when I
googled this Michelle Fox that I had
never I had never encountered her before
I watched an awful cringy cringy segment
she did on Seth Meyers
where she dressed up as adult Annie like
the Little Orphan Annie growing up it
was so unfunny like it was completely
apolitical so don't take this as me
saying I don't like liberal jokes
it was just her playing an adult Orphan
Annie it was just on sunny
the only thing funny is that voice and
it's a stick
listen Gilbert Godfried you know who I'm
talking about the guy who did the Aflac
that he talks like this you know Gilbert
Gottfried he talks like this and it's
funny because it's a stick but it's
funny cuz he tells outrageous jokes that
way
he and he leans on that voice like I you
can find it I'm sorry I'm going on a bit
of a Gilbert Godfried tangent but I'm my
point is I'm not against someone cuz
they have a goofy voice Gilbert Godfried
that's the most outrageous voice and and
this is funny I think was a college
humor or Funny or Die video of him
reading passages from Fifty Shades of
baby in that harsh New York Jewish
accent and he caressed me and it was so
enthralling and romantic like you see
what I mean Gilbert Gottfried he worked
he worked the comedy with his voice this
gal Michelle Fox just you know I just
just said Democrat talking points in
that voice I see there's a super job I'm
sorry I'm Michelle wolf I've been
getting her name wrong
I see cute Macintosh has chipped in 200
Mexican pesos I presume thanks very much
key that don't see a comment under there
but if you make one I'll come as I was
getting my name wrong there Michelle
wolf I got the name is so forgettable
her her comedy is forgettable all that's
left is the residue of her hate and my
point is yeah unfunny even when she's
not political you can be funny with a
goofy face and a goofy voice Gilbert
Godfried proves it you can be a funny
comedian comedienne there are hilarious
women comedians who are not
traditionally gorgeous you know
in terms of like modeling pretty but but
when she's going after Sara how could be
Santa's I think it's fair to say yes
sister you're 32 you look 52 and your
voice could raise the dead alright let
me go back to the comments and that Lang
says savage called the event the
outhouse
yeah I mean listen I'm not against dirty
humor I mean if anyone who likes Chris
Rock or if you're old school like me
Eddie Murphy if you if you see some of
his early stuff I mean it was it was
brutal but it was funny the profanity
was like an exclamation point at the end
of a funny sentence it wasn't all there
was I'm a fan of profession you know I
used to be chummy with Rex Murphy a
little bit back in the day and I've
never met a human being with a larger
vocab
Larry than Rex did you know he was an
editor of a dictionary the Newfoundland
dictionary it's a real thick book he
actually owns a full copy of the Oxford
English Dictionary he the logic
vocabulary of any human I know even
larger than Conrad blacks and Rex Murphy
uses profanity and I was thinking why
would a man who has such an enormous
vocabulary a rhodes scholar use
profanity well the reason is profanities
is for a purpose it's it's punctuation
its emphasis it's an exclamation point
you say the F word you say profane words
to make a point that you're not choosing
pretty words and that's that's the thing
about a great Chris Rock joke a great
anymore YouTube that's even the thing
about profanity and rap
I think it's punctuation it's it's an
exclamation point it cannot substitute
for all the words that come before the
exclamation point if you just get out
there and shovel steaming heaps of abuse
at someone without the funny part it
doesn't work that way there it's a whole
comedy genre abusive I mean taking on a
heckler that's a whole thing but there's
got to be a funny underneath it you know
what I mean all right I want to
recognize another super chat comment
from blue Mazur again I don't see a
comment associated with your super chat
payment there but if you make one I'll
keep an eye peeled and I'll read it I'm
gonna take a couple more comments and
then I'm gonna go to Roseanne on Jimmy
found I've really come to like Roseanne
and I'll talk about her in a minute
Susanna if our culture is too vulgar F
bombs dropped everywhere well that's
another thing about exclamation points
right if you write every single sentence
with an exclamation point after it it's
like those people who write things in
all caps
you can do that a little bit for effect
but if you do every single sentence with
an exclamation point after it it doesn't
it doesn't it doesn't work anymore
it doesn't serve as an exclamation when
you're shouting everything shouting no
longer is emphatic and and so I would
agree with you that if everything is
profane its lost its edge and then you
just in a then that's just the new
normal and and I think there is a place
for manners
and customs and I think we should be
able to swear and even occasionally be
obscene to make a dramatic point but we
don't wanna do that all the time we'll
get back to the chat I'll chip a cab
remember you from yesterday roll on the
floor another Southwest Airline plane
window broke during flight laugh out
loud well yeah it's a dramatic blue
major says peace and my brothers and
sisters well that's very nice of you to
say that blue major Jeff Kavanagh says
Ezra are you ever going to make it out
to the Maritimes we could really use you
hey you know thanks for asking that I
used to be able to get out to the
Maritimes more often in fact I actually
spent some time in Newfoundland which
was so wonderful and I would say to my
fellow Canadians it's a bit of a schlep
to get out there because the airlines
make it so expensive to go to st. John's
but boy is it worth it and if you can
take a week and travel around that
amazing promise get out of the city I
mean st. John's is just a feast for the
eyes it's so gorgeous the houses and the
museums and the history but get out get
out of the city go to the go up to the
out ports go out in the country you're
gonna have to do it B&B stop because
there's not a lot of big hotels there
but that's what half the fun is staying
with families and boy they will talk
your ear off but that's what you
remember you know it's it's been years
since I've really spent time out there
but I remember the friendlies I think
they're the friendliest Canadians and I
think without dispute they've got
they've got the biggest sense of humor
you stuck on a rock with each other for
four hundred years
you got to tell jokes to survive alright
I'm gonna take a couple more comments
and then I go to the second part kifo
Jackson said do you think Wolfe was
auditioning for an anti-trump job on a
crappy show very thoughtful very clever
because of course she does have a show
coming up isn't on Netflix or HBO and
and there's no way she didn't gain this
and think about it and you're right what
disgusted Middle America and what and
and what embarrassed some other
mainstream journalists is just catnip I
mean she is the latest cause celeb of
the hard left of the resistance and of
course that dominates Hollywood so what
appalled middle America and embarrassed
her fellow White House Correspondents
Dinner attendees got her surely ten
meetings with studio execs in in
Hollywood do you doubt
she didn't go as far as Kathy Griffin
you remember when she held up that the
image of a fake severed head of Donald
Trump
she didn't go quite that far but she
went far enough to make her allegiances
known my answer to you is yes it's a
very thoughtful observation she will not
be poorer because of this she would be
richer she was a you know I don't think
most Americans had heard of her her
appearances that I could find on the
internet on shows were pitiful this made
her you're exactly right
I can take one more comment that I'll go
on to speaking of Hollywood I'll talk
about Roseanne it's just just tearing it
up there she's half the chat needs
moderation seriously I don't donate to
the rebel to anti-semitic nonsense okay
man I don't know if we can moderate the
the non super chat comments that's the
thing about YouTube I you know I think
we can but there's just you listen we
use it's it's the Wild West out there
but the super chat comments obviously
we'll keep it aside here's Tom young
John it says as a conservative what's
your take on cleaning garbage out of the
oceans and our having certain areas in
the oceans designated as protected
fishing free fish refuges well that's a
very interesting question
Tom I and and that's that that's
relevant to the story of Newfoundland I
mean I was out there when the when the
cod moratorium was in place and the
devastation of those communities by the
way and you can ask Rex about this it
was the oil sands that saved so many
Newfoundland families because they just
couldn't make money on the sea anymore
but that's just when the oil cents were
really starting to take off and you had
all these hard-working Newfoundlanders
and boy the Fort McMurray needed the
work and it was just a perfect match and
and I think that's why he's so
affectionate of the old sense not
because he is necessarily pro Warren but
he he saw how it saved his problems to
your question it's difficult to have a
fish free area because that's like
having an on use it's like the old joke
having be like an on peeing section and
a peeing section of a swimming poet's
the gross joke I guess I'm remembering
of my own childhood um it's tough to do
and of course who would enforce this in
international waters that's the problem
with overfishing there was a problem
with overfishing of Canada that's the
problem the UK faces right now and
especially Chinese and Thai and Asian
industrial scale fishing boats these
aren't just little little rigs like the
kind they have in Newfoundland when you
have one of these massive massive
factory ships that comes out scoops the
Seas and packs and cans them obviously
right on the ship of course and on such
a massive scale how do you regulate that
if you are in the high seas in the
international waters that's what's so
hard to do that's what the battle comes
over over you know national waters I
don't know if I have a good answer that
I don't think I've thought about that as
much as I have about other economic
issues but if there's any way to have a
property rights solution and I don't
know how that would apply to the high
sea so I'm sorry to him I wish I had a
better answer for you but it's a great
question okay I'm gonna get back to
because I see it's already 1224 I mean
you happened too much I'm gonna get back
to Hollywood a little bit and Roseanne
Barr who had a hit show how many years
ago was that like 20 or 30 has come back
again and Roseanne in real life if you
follow her on Twitter
she's pro-trump she likes his style and
you would say well how can a
working-class comedian a little bit
schleppy a little bit you know brutal
like a fancy-pants billionaire covered
in dripping in gold who lives in Trump
Tower well the answer is in Trump's
appeal he's he's a blue-collar
billionaire isn't he is a blue-collar
Sensibility and I put it to you that
though he's a billionaire lives in the
gold dripped condom and now the White
House of course even though he's married
to a supermodel his sensibilities are
more in tune with the workers on his
factories the hardhat guys than any
college activist Democrat I mean who do
you think actually knows more working
people Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump
well I think it's obvious it's Donald
Trump and
the way until the attempt to marginalize
him from the african-american community
in last year who do you think had more
real actual black friends Donald Trump
or the or Hillary Clinton
I mean if Donald Trump's life which we
all watched together for decades was the
life of a avid New Yorker and in New
York you're gonna hang out with Jews and
Italians and Irish and blacks and gays
all these groups that the left tries to
break into different identity politics
groups Trump lived with them I mean I
remember there was a you know Trump went
on Howard Stern alone and it was always
very uncomfortable because Stern loves
to go straight to the sex questions and
I remember you can find this on YouTube
pretty easily Howard Stern's said and
this was I know 20 years ago when Ivanka
was much younger would you have a
problem with Ivanka dating a black guy
that's a provocative question isn't it I
mean that's Howard Stern for you and
Trump without missing a beat said
absolutely not I don't have a problem at
all and I believe that by the way
because I believe you look at who
Trump's real friends are if you look at
people who actually you know hung out
with and worked with not just in a
tokenistic way but teamed up with
partnered with their every it was
without regard to race and as you may
know Trump brought lawsuits to integrate
whites only no Jews allowed country
clubs so this new meme of the left that
Trump is somehow racist is not only
bizarre its opposite its opposite so
yeah of course Roseanne likes Donald
Trump because even though they're they
come from opposite ends of the
socio-economic spectrum both of them I
think live a more real life without
further ado let me play you a clip from
Roseanne appearing on Jimmy Fallon's
show and I found this so refreshing
let's let it run I forget how long the
clip was I might call for it to stop if
I make a comment in between how long is
the clip you guys it's just over a
minute let's play the whole clip and
then I'll come back with some comments
we might play it one more time if
there's more to say so here's Roseanne
on Jimmy Fallon
but then also with a big hit comes
people that aren't so happy as well if
you say that you're a supporter of
Donald Trump
oh yeah people are mad about that yeah
well everybody had to choose for
themselves according to their own
conscience who they thought was the
lesser of two evils
you know everybody chose that so I'm not
gonna put anybody down who didn't vote
like me this is America it's a free
country and you know when you wait it
all together you know I just think I
just felt like we needed a whole new
thing all the way bottom to top yeah and
you did you changed it up I mean but
you're now doing stand-up again right I
well there you have it just looking at
my computer while that was running I see
Keith McIntosh your question I'm gonna
come back to your question in the second
Keith it's about what's I'm just gonna
read it now but I'm gonna I'm gonna come
back to them in I want to get back to
this clip we just showed the question by
Keith is what's your preference support
for Andrew Shearer and be stuck with
liberal light or sit on the sidelines
wait for Trudeau butts to cause massive
damage and then go hard with Bernie a in
2023 I'll come back to you Keith in a
moment but but let me just first finish
up this Roseanne thing um first of all
and I watched that whole interview and
rosette the thing about Roseanne is
she's very unholy would she really was a
regular mom she was not a showbiz type
gal when she got into comedy so she
didn't she wasn't someone who who you
know was a lifer in the industry and she
retains that outsider status and and in
fact the rest of the interview which was
interesting she talked about how she was
invited on the Johnny Carson show cuz
she had some jokes she was so nervous
and the Johnny Carson beckoned her over
to come sit on the chair and talk which
is your big break in comedy and she was
so scared she ran away and later ah I
mean it was it's just such a touching
story of a real-life human so different
and what I the for my first takeaway
from that little interrogation by Jimmy
Fallon was how it doesn't work on her
how the sneering elitist Mean Girls
shtick doesn't work on Roseann any other
person who's so grasping trying to climb
the greasy pole the kind of actresses
who forgive me for saying it would
actually agree to Harvey Weinstein's
terms just to get ahead the kind of
desperate Hollywood lifers who would be
terrified of a question from Jimmy
Fallon because oh my god Jimmy Fallon is
an arbiter of cool and fashion taste and
if I don't tell him what he wants to
hear he's gonna disapprove of me and
that'll kill my career
Roseanne's the opposite of that you see
what I mean everyone else in LA and
Hollywood is so conformist it's the
ultimate in peer pressure I mean for
every person who was raped and sexually
assault by Harvey Weinstein we've gotta
we've got to imagine there were others
who willingly complied and consented to
it as an as a horrific devil's bargain
to get ahead in that business and I'm I
think I think that's fairly clear and
it's gross Roseanne ain't that Roseanne
I think actually doesn't care and so she
answered truthfully that he's no BS and
can you deny it and for all the Trump
haters out there can you deny that the
problem with Trump is often he's too
blunt and true too plain spoken as
opposed to Hillary Clinton who and Bill
who would argue about what the
definition of is is and that cut through
the BS political incorrectness is
exactly what made Roseanne like him as
she said she doesn't agree with every
word he's he's ever uttered who possibly
could I want to show you something
Roseanne contemplated that she had a lot
of fun on there she tweeted about it I
follow her on Twitter it's worth doing
look at her tweet after the fact okay
just take a look at this when is a TV
host going to ask someone why they voted
for Hillary Rodham Clinton or act like
someone who did is suspect isn't that
smart isn't that smart
why the hell should who she supports or
who she voted for be such a dominant up
sass of theme that she has to answer for
and Kanye West to it is any Hollywood
celeb ever grilled on the failings of
Hillary Clinton Barack Obama any of the
other leftist they trot around well of
course and first of all why should it be
it's a democratic system these are the
legitimate candidates obviously Trump
won he's popular enough but this bizarre
alternative culture in Hollywood were
even making a moderate choice like yeah
I'm a Republican you know you have to be
grilled she's exactly right why should
she be treated as suspect let alone even
be asked about it at all
could you imagine and by the way she
gave good answers don't you think she
answered honestly she came at normal
person's answer she didn't give a
scholarly answer or a spin-doctors
answer she was just sick of the BS and
by the way do you think of any of the
Harvey Weinstein type Hollywood types
the ones who are so submissive to the
peer pressure that they would do
anything to get ahead and buy anything
I'm ranging from a Harvey Weinstein
extortion to just telling a lightweight
talk-show host like Jimmy Fallon once he
wants to hear do you think if you were
to grill Katy Perry who did so many
campaign appearances with Hillary
Clinton you think if you were to grill
her on any issues at all she would have
anything thoughtful to say about
politics and I'm not picking on her for
being dumb on politics she's a pop star
it's not a job to be smart on politics
but my point is is Roseanne's point do
you think any of them would ever be
grilled in any manner similar to that
which Roseanne was absolutely not let me
just check my super chat for a minute I
see Keith McIntosh comment up there I'm
gonna go back to that now and then and
then I'm gonna wrap up with Connie it's
1234 we're doing okay for time the
question this is for a Canadian viewers
we have a conservative leader it's not
that conservative in the US he'd be
called a RINO a Republican in name only
for the longest time he was a good ad
because he no one knew anything about it
it's just a good reliable guy he was the
Speaker of the House which in Canada is
a very non partisan position but then he
became the accidental leader the
Conservative Party on the 13th ballot
think about that the vote had to go 13
rounds I think he only got twenty two
percent of the vote on his first vote it
he had to go again and again and again
that's how close fought it was I think
in the end II got 51 or 52 percent not
well known and now he's being pretty
squishy and I say again it's because he
didn't have the experience of ever
fighting he was always the referee or
the social worker or the compromise or
the mediator he was never the battler
the divider which is what you need in a
in a adversarial system like ours so the
question by Keith is what's your
preference support sheer and be stuck
with liberal light or sit on the
sidelines waiting for Trudeau butts to
cause massive damage and then go hard
with Bernie in 2023 well I have learned
in my 46 years that the Marxist saying
the worse the better is terrible don't
do that don't ever wish for things to be
worse if he needs an example of why I
look at Alberta look at Venezuela look
at California and I know the Marxist
saying the worst of the better I know
have you ever heard that that's an old
Marxist phrase or accentuate the what
are they the the contradictions as in
make things so bad people will finally
wake up and revolt that that's the
that's the Communists that's the
Leninist move oh yes it's more
unbearable now things are so awful
people will believe us now and rise up
don't do that don't do that because
things can always get worse and they
might not even get better and by the
time they get better you've done so much
damage and I think of Alberta and people
are saying yeah well the NDP won't be
reelected for a hundred years yeah well
it's gonna take ten more years to get
out of this mess and the lost the Lost
Decade
and the two hundred thousand families
that are unemployed no no no so even
though I have grave doubts about Andrew
Shearer and I believe he's selling out
on key issues such as global warming I
still would take Andrew Shearer over
geryl butts any time absolutely if
you're just talking about a fantasy
scenario would I rather have Maxine
Bernier in 2023 than Andrew Shearer into
well I don't even want to play that
hypothetical game because if Gerald
butts and Justin Trudeau are re-elected
in 2019
or even if they're reelected with the
minority and God forbid have an
opposition have a coalition with jag
meat scenes the NDP things will get bad
and I know we net we think that'll never
happen to us that's just something that
happens to Venezuela that's just
something that happens to Argentina
that's just something that happens to
Sweden and that's the thing it's not
just economics the devastation that
we're looking at now is economics but
the devastation in places like Sweden or
Anglo Merkel's Germany it's not economic
its cultural it's it's irreversible in
any way so yeah I don't believe in the
worse the better all right it's a 1237
so about 2/3 of the show is through I
hope you're enjoying let me remind you
what we're doing here every day at 12:00
noon eastern time that's 10:00 a.m.
mountain time
I think it's 5:00 p.m. in the UK for our
viewers over there
I just hop on the super chat machine
that's what Google calls it it's live
streaming but you can put a super chat
comment as Keith did with 200 Mexican
pesos there thanks for that the money
does come to us so it's like a form of
an ad revenue which you tubers so you
know what's one of the goals the goal is
to to chat let people ask questions the
goal is to deal with content that I
don't cover in my nightly show if you
want to subscribe for that it's easy to
do go to the rebel dog media slash shows
and your contribution does help pay the
bills we have over 30 staff at the rebel
most of them behind-the-scenes editors
producers we're big enough that we have
a you know an accountant of things like
that so that does help because YouTube
is cut off our ad says they have for so
many people and it's fun and it's fun
and it's better than me having a second
lunch every day so you know I'm gonna
read just till we get to 12:40 which
would be 2/3 of the show I'm gonna read
a couple more comments that are not
super super duper chats they're just
regular comments
David Lincoln Ezra did you see Conrad
blacks most recent column for the
National Post when Justin has trouble
building pipelines that indict his prime
ministership I think I skimmed it I
don't think I read it in full but yeah I
mean Conrad black briefly toyed with
being friendly with Justin Trudeau what
I think was just for social reasons but
I think he
TMC totally edited what Kanye was saying
about slavery TMC is fake news okay I
will show you there edited clip and I'll
give you my opinions on I'm not as
negative as you are justin trudeau
cringe channel says I know because jag
means sing oh it just shares ties to
terrorist groups well I wouldn't go that
far I don't think Jack me sing shares
ties to terrorist group we're talking
about the NDP leader of Canada but he
has spoken at rallies with other people
who have called for violence and that's
uncomfortably close to terrorism in my
books oh yeah Suzanne F says an issue I
feel is ignored is the violence caused
by an tyfa and like-minded thugs is
there any political will to deal with
this censorship and violence what a good
point in Quebec an tyfa is particularly
violent and yesterday in the journal de
mont de Quebecers you know the montreal
one of the quebec war papers in french
in quebec they had a story on anti-fog
violence and i remembered it and ira
marked on it on twitter because it's so
rare if you type into Google News the
word alt right and you type in alt left
you're gonna get a thousand hits - all
right compared to I don't think the word
alt left is used type an anti fuck it's
not going to show up but I have never in
my life seen all right violence in
Canada have you I don't even think it
exists but ante for violence all left
violence is regular and it's got the
face masks and it's attacking police ant
is true violence even in Quebec where I
don't fully understand all the politics
there's an anti open borders group
called limits which I think means the
wolf par something or the wolf pack
they're not violent in fact police often
praise them for their restraint while
they're being attacked by an tyfa so
yeah and by the way those things don't
happen for free how does anti foot just
happen it doesn't just happen I've met
some of their Ontario thugs and they are
all on the payroll usually of some Union
so thank you for that question Suzanne
okay I'm gonna go to the last
of our three subjects and it was alluded
to by one of our commenters it was Kanye
West on TMZ before we throw the clip let
me just set it up as you know Kanye has
just been on a Vision Quest he's mean
exploring ideas and my god that's
dangerous isn't it I mean he might
actually break the ideas cartel that the
Democratic Party tells black Americans
which as you must vote Democrat which is
quite something when you think about it
I mean in the Civil War the Democrats
were the party of slavery the
Republicans were the party of abolition
Abraham Lincoln was the party of
abolition the first black senators in
the United States Congress
we're not Democrat they were Republican
the Klan was a Democrat reaction clan
leaders like I mean there were very
senior clan leaders in in the u.s.
Democrat Party that was a Democrat thing
it's amazing that the Democrats have
managed to revise history to paint the
Republicans as the racist ones now I
don't get it so Kanye is trying to break
free and it all started when he just
tweeted out of the blue I like how
Candace Owens think so we've talked to
Candace Owens before she is black of
course and she's with Charlie Kirk's
group which is I think it's concerning
point America which basically tries to
get Millennials woke to conservative
ideas and and Kanye's just been going
down that road and Donald Trump has been
tweeting back and forth of them and
there was an even there was his tweet
that Kanye posted that shows he was
watching a Jordan Peterson video all
these ideas well that can't be so um a
lot of the Hollywood establishment was
we're saying no no no come back to come
back to the official line hey yeah I'm
gonna interrupt myself because it's
super Chad I just want to see what it
says
Suzanne they have says an issue I feel
is ignored as oh is the violence so
mother show sketching won't let me catch
it a lot of the time unfortunately still
a good idea though looking forward to
the rebel live event that's from primp
0:08
hey thanks oh let me just answer that
before I get back to TMZ I just wanna I
mean you kinda have to chip in five
actually gonna answer you this live chat
is live from noon to 1:00 but then you
can watch it anytime on youtube you just
came to the live chat part so if you
can't catch this live from noon till
1:00 Eastern you can watch it anytime
it's gonna be permanently up it's just
the chat features uh okay I'll get back
to what I'm saying
so Kanye was leaving the ideological
safe place of the Democrat Party just
like Roseann was wasn't she and he
started going back and forth on tweed
not a real rant and a real tear and he's
saying look this I'm doing this in love
I'm exploring ideas and brainstorming
it's what I do in my art and yeah I mean
I and he's even said look I'm not a
conservative if I don't call myself that
and people don't call me that I'm still
trying to figure out what conservative
means how honest is that and by the way
I think that's how normal people talk I
don't know if Kanye is normal but that's
how a normal person would talk if he
says are you all conservative well I
don't know I'm trying to figure out what
that means
anyways wow this was just breaking the
internet as they say and so he he went
down to TMZ which is of course the the
leader in gossip journalism in Hollywood
and he went in the studio and they had
an edited version of what happened and
and the commenter earlier said they
thought it was unfairly edited maybe it
was but what appeared I think was fairly
balanced they let Kanye have his say and
then there was a black staffer at TMZ
who really spoke back and I think it was
important to show that because Kanye is
riling up the Democrat political
establishment I think it was fair to
show that feedback and it was sort of
interesting Kanye's response to that I
see there's another super chat comment
the Liberal Party Canada are treasonous
traitors that's buy dirt doctor thank
you for the comment I think that there's
some true that wouldn't go as far as to
say their actual treasonous but I agree
with you anyway without further to do
let me show you the clip how long is the
clip of Kanye teams it's not that it's
three minutes I might interrupt it
if I if I want to say something in
between but I think I gotta let it go
for three minutes so you see the whole
arc of thing he has a rant he's asked
some questions then there's a staffer
who pushes back and then he goes over to
sort of commiserate
I think it was actually nice nicely done
so I disagree with the the viewer who
said it was a hack job on Kanye I think
it was actually very I'm not gonna say
scripted but I think they probably
negotiated that it would be fair you
tell me let's take a look at it I might
stop it but I might run this all the way
through for three minutes take a look I
don't think people necessarily
understand what happened last week with
the great American make America great
again hat what are you trying to do with
the message you're sending well it was
really just my subconscious it was a
feeling I had you know like people were
taught how to think we're taught how to
feel we don't know how to think for
ourselves we don't know how to feel for
ourselves people say feel free but they
don't really want us to feel free and I
felt a freedom and first of all just
doing something that everybody tells you
not to do I just love Trump that's my
boy he like you know it's like so many
rappers you look at a video of Snoop
Dogg loving Trump but then he get in the
office and I didn't love him like Trump
is one of raps favorite people right but
we we talked about this that before he
was elected president people want
hip-hop big it was it was an in thing to
put Donald Trump in your rhyme somewhere
and by the way I am in hip-hop but I'm
not just in hip-hop I'm a black person
too by communicating but I'm not just I
feel like one thing is people try to
minimize me to artists hip-hop black
community yeah I'm always gonna
represent that but I also represent the
world you hear about slavery for 400
years for 400 years that's not like a
choice like he was there for 400 years
and it's all of y'all you know like it's
like we're we're mentally in prison I
like the word prison because slavery
goes direct to the idea of blacks it's
like slavery Holocaust Holocaust Jews
slavery is blacks so prison is something
that unites us is one race
some whites being in one race that we're
one with a human race do you feel that
I'm feeling do do you feel that being
free and I'm thinking free I actually I
actually don't think you're thinking
anything I think what you're doing right
now is actually the absence of thought
and the reason why I feel like that is
because Kanye you're entitled to your
opinion you're entitled to believe
whatever you want but there is fact and
real-world real-life consequence behind
everything that you just said while you
are making music and being an artist and
living the life that you've earned by
being a genius the rest of us in society
have to deal with these threats to our
lives we have to deal with the
marginalization that has come from the
400 years of slavery that Shue said but
our people was a choice frankly I'm
disappointed I'm appalled and brother I
am unbelievably hurt by the fact that
you have morphed into something to me
that's not real bro you got to be
responsible man
bro I'm sorry I got you you got to be
responsible I'm sorry I hurt your voices
to me yeah you know I don't think that
was an unfair edit I think that that was
actually I mean if TMZ was trying to
show both sides of the story
which is so rare in journalism and rarer
still in Hollywood but look Harvey I
forget his last name the boss of I think
his name is Harvey the boss of TMZ he
knows that mr. Kardashian is the is the
biggest thing and this is the biggest
discussion and it goes to the heart of
things and Kanye's really breaking the
ice here that hasn't been broken before
and he's really the first guy big enough
to do it Candace Owens is a very bright
young activist and I've had the pleasure
of meeting here she's no Konya Kanye
West she can't she doesn't have the
status and the track record and the
profile and the followers and the
attention frankly I would bet that most
people who have listened to Candace
Owens until the last week were white
guys
Kanye does have a large genuine
connection to the black community 90
plus percent of whom are Democrats so so
Harvey I forget his last name not
Weinstein but the guy who runs TMZ Levin
is as they miss right another another
Harvey I think he did a good job I think
you did good it did a good job it's
difficult for me to weigh in because I'm
not black and I and I don't have the
American story I'm not saying I can't
have an opinion but I think it's more
authentic the debate between the two
black men in that video more authentic
than and Harvey Levin himself stood back
didn't he he sort of let Kanye and his
blacks dad have the conversation because
I think it's a conversation within the
community and Kanye's saying you can be
free or as one of Kanye's peers said
before he was forced to retract blacks
don't have to vote for Democrats now let
me show a tweet that Kanye posted to
clarify the four hundred years coming
for the Sun the reason why I brought up
the four hundred years point is because
we can't be mentally imprisoned for
another four hundred years we need free
thought now even the statement was an
example of free thought it was just an
idea I think that's right but there's
another thing and I saw a commenter I
forget who was she said this that that
other black man who spoke who debated
Kanye he Gandhi came over I thought very
personally and with an open heart I
thought it was actually very nice for a
star to come over and say I'm sorry I
hurt you bro or whatever he said there
um that that I presume it was a staffer
at EMC I'm gonna guess he was thirty or
so maybe around there so he was born you
know in the 80s or whatever maybe in the
90s and has had has lived the last eight
years under a black president has had a
great
life with very few barriers based on
based on race for example
and yet he was defining his outlook
based on a dark and long chapter of
black American history slavery and I
think that's Kanye West point is are you
thinking are you trapped by the past are
you looking to the future and I mean I'm
a Jew and the Jews have been kicked out
it just about every place that Jews were
expelled from the United Kingdom in the
12th century the Jews were kicked out of
Spain in the 15th century the Jews were
extirpated from Europe in the 20th
century and Jews do talk about the
Holocaust and and the Jewish holiday of
Passover is a remembrance of when the
Pharaoh took a run at the Jews and Purim
is another when the Persians took a run
of the Jews yeah but at least speaking
as a Jew I wouldn't want every single
thing I do and say to be rooted in the
starting point of well my people have
been harmed in Poland in Ukraine in all
they like I think that's what Kanye
means about being trapped in the past
and again this is I think a conversation
that has to happen within the black
community because it's about liberating
the black community from as Canada so
ins would say the Democrat taskmasters
and one of the most frustrating but
revealing things about the last ten days
of this is how it's white liberals who
have in the main told Kanye to shut up
isn't that interesting I see another
super check came in while I was talking
with Kanye TJ says highs are too bad
seventy percent of the rebel audience is
at work and can't watch you might have
to do a Sunday evening show too and you
know that's not a bad idea I mean the
idea is here I haven't work and we've
got the team here and we got the studio
here and like a cruise ship that's my
dumb joke like a cruise ships I have I
have two sittings of lunch every day
that's sort of true so I thought why not
skip one of my lunches and just just sit
down for an hour and kibbutz and by the
way I've got about six minutes left but
so yeah you know maybe I should do it in
an hour because of course it's like
protests right if you see a protest
during the day you know it's the
left-wing protest because right-wingers
are working and the left wingers of the
protest are either unemployed or more
likely they're employed as protesters we
were talking about an tyfa and the alt
left and i've gotten to know them in
toronto I mean I literally know their
names Dave Vaizey was the first anti-fur
I met before I even knew the word anti
fuck I met I met the Occupy Toronto
shantytown now almost 10 years ago now
yeah this would be nice if I could do
this at a different time of day maybe we
will and maybe we should but we have
viewers in different time zones and the
only thing that's really hot about this
time zone to watch it is the
interactivity and the super chat but
this can be watched later listen this is
just a test run I told you this week
we're trying it out I don't even think
we've emailed our people about this we
got a lot of email this week we're just
you know I didn't even want to really
emphasize it I wanted to have sort of a
dip my toe under the swimming pool
before making a big thing so I tell you
some of the changes we're making first
of all I love using the video clips
because we got that ability here why not
do do that I like the idea of breaking
it up not doing all the content in the
first few minutes we're going to add
some ads just because I needed time to
take a sip of water and just so I'm not
talking straight for one hour and I mean
if you have any other suggestions let me
know the ads won't be commercialized I
don't think there'll be more ads for
like rebeled stuff like the rebel live
or you know we're going to Israel rebel
Israel calm I see my friend Sheila gun
Reid is making comments by the way so
she's watching it - I appreciate that
Sheila she's coming to Israel - I want
to make one last comment now I there's
some there's some great comments that
aren't super chances you can see there's
just so many comments I can't answer
them all I want to tell you some of them
have been deleted for reasons of
obscenity and profanity I like comments
and I like rambunctious comments and
YouTube comments generally are wild and
uncensored some of them are hilarious
some of them are extremely rude and
a racist I we can't censor every comment
there's hundreds and hundreds of them
obviously we're not going to sense them
I just want to tell you the rule of
thumb is if we see the F word or the C
word we try and delete those just cuz
there's no point in having that kind of
gross profanity so our conversation from
before there's a place for profanity but
you know it's it's an exclamation point
it's not you know a thousand words in
all caps and and I and I don't want
really gross racism and I know there's
some anti-semitism directed to me I
actually dissin bugged me that much but
I just don't want I don't want that the
stream of contents to feel really gross
you know I I want to read you one that
was censored so you see what I mean this
is a comment that was just deleted look
up the reason given by the country's
leaders for kicking the Jews out they
will stab you in the back and yell how
that hurts I mean okay I don't even
frankly think we need to delete that
comment there's just some really super
gross and he sent me that I think that's
anti-semitic but my point is I just
don't want the anonymous anti-semitic
trolls to take over the stream because
then it's not fun and that's why we say
no to the F word and the C word not that
I believe you should never say that I
just and I don't want this stream to be
that full of crap but look you can't
censor the Internet and yesterday we had
some quick there were some tough
questions I think if it wasn't yesterday
it was the other day I'm gonna try and
find another deleted one Kyle Vincent it
must be true so says Zog a clown world
guru that's just stupid that's just
stupid I mean if you got a real question
for me put it like ask me a real tough
question I should do you know we should
have a day maybe on Friday where it's
just questions what any of that where
I'm not giving a monologue or anything
I'm not digesting videos I mean I
enjoyed going through those videos today
by the way but maybe we do a day where
it's just questions maybe that's more
fun maybe we do that on Fridays does
that sound like an idea let me know let
me see what people think of that
people who swear are honest yeah sure
and that's my point about Rex Murphy the
biggest vocabulary in the world he still
swears to make a point but that's not it
that's to emphasize another point it's
just not just swearing swearing swearing
sam says free speech try to worry less
about hearing something you disagree
with or even hate to hear so all have a
chance to speak yeah listen I it's
nothing I haven't heard before
and if there's tough questions either
about me or my ideas or even the rebel
put them
I really don't think there's anything I
haven't answered or wouldn't answer
people say they love the idea of Friday
what's the word Friday in that in the
echo or ripples or whatever that's
called that you say hey answer I didn't
mean to offend you didn't offend me I'm
just saying if you've got a substantive
question for me ask it someone sent me
an email yesterday about Greater Israel
I said well if Greater Israel as the
plan it's not working because Israel
gave back the Sinai desert to Egypt gave
back Gaza to Hamas and gives local
control most of the West Bank to the
Palestinian Authority if that's the
greater Israel plan it ain't working it
ain't working all right it's decided
Friday's gonna be an all Q&A show and
who knows maybe that's where we're gonna
go with this if that's more fun if
people want that we'll do it it's one
o'clock I've enjoyed the last hour we'll
be back tomorrow and consider it a date
Friday we won't have monologues or rants
or videos it'll just be Q&A and I'll
take the tough I'm not afraid of
questions but my point about deleting
comment I just don't want it to become
an obscene super gross thing I by the
way I think there can be really funny
Barb's and criticisms and I let me
tackle the tough ones
like I actually responded this guy on
Greater Israel and I I'm not gonna say I
turned him around but I said please
explain to me giving back to sign on to
Egypt Gaza to Hamas and the West Bank to
the PLO if that's your Greater Israel
expansion plan I don't think he even
thought about that or even knew that
weird note and the show on but that's
why you love the comments cuz you never
you never know what you're gonna get am
i right
alright it's been fun I'll see you
tomorrow same time if you can tune in
tonight at 8:00 p.m. Eastern to my show
you can find out the details of that
the rebel about media / shows we call
this show Ezra's battleground I think we
need more battling that's my conclusion
all right good night everybody I'll see
you tomorrow
