let's take a look at the University of
Arizona pretty scenic right you can
study law medicine and a bunch of other
cool things there if you're an Arizona
resident tuition is a little less than
$12,000 per year if you're not an
Arizona resident tuition spikes by
almost 300% to thirty five thousand
three hundred seven dollars but get this
if you're an illegal alien you used to
be able to pay the twelve thousand
dollars up until last month that is
let's take a look
from 2015 to 2018 over 2,000 illegal
aliens students can pay in-state tuition
at Arizona's public colleges now the
Arizona Supreme Court unanimously struck
this law down in April but let's take a
quick look at how much money this cost
tax state taxpayers during these 3 years
the difference between in-state and
out-of-state tuition at the University
of Arizona is twenty three thousand four
hundred thirty dollars an Arizona State
University is sixteen thousand five
hundred eighty dollars and at Northern
Arizona University it's thirteen
thousand seven hundred eighty two
dollars so let's take an average of
those approximately seventeen thousand
nine hundred thirty dollars cost to
taxpayers per illegal aliens students
per year seventeen thousand nine hundred
thirty dollars times two thousand
illegal aliens times three years is a
little under a hundred seven million
dollars but don't worry illegals Arizona
has a policy that will charge one
hundred fifty percent of in-state
tuition a figure still well below what
out-of-state legal students will have to
fork out that is two hundred fifty
percent at Arizona State University in
Northern Arizona University and at UA
nearly three hundred percent of in-state
tuition remember though while they'll
still be making out like bandits these
criminals I mean undocumented immigrants
are the real victims here oh you don't
believe me but look at some of these sad
photos posted by USA Today I mean surely
each of those tears is worth a few dozen
millions in taxpayer dollars and if that
150 percent figure isn't good enough
thank you know he's moved to California
New York Ernie of the brown and orange
states on this map providing in-state
tuition to people who don't belong in
this country in some cases all they have
to do is attend high school for three
years in the state and get a diploma now
how our illegals able to get K through
12 education well there's a little-known
1982 Supreme Court decision called
Plyler versus doe which mandates that
public schools teach illegal alien
children the Federation for American
immigration reform estimates that the
federal government has spent over 1
billion dollars and states have spent
over forty four billion dollars
educating approximately 12.5 million
illegal aliens
4.2 million citizen children of illegal
aliens Congress actually tried to
mandate that public universities charge
illegal aliens out-of-state tuition with
a 1996 Immigration Act but California
for example got around this law by
defining in-state as graduating from a
state high school after three years
there nothing to do with immigration
status like Arizona the UC system
apparently knows that it teaches around
3700 illegal aliens because the illegals
use taxpayer ID numbers instead of
social security numbers but hey money is
money so who cares if they're not
actually supposed to be in the country
for campus unmasked I'm Rob from shop if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
