it's May first and I'm as for Levant in
you're watching battleground boy I love
that little opening it's very brief but
it gets me in the terminator spirit of
things
welcome back today is the second day
we're doing this live super chat on
YouTube we're just trying it out for a
week see how it goes yesterday we had
about 500 people at any one time
watching over the course of the noon
hour and then of course once the live
super chat is over it's just permanently
embedded in YouTube
you can't super chat after the fact but
you can watch the video and several
thousand people did afterwards we didn't
promote this in any way we sort of did
it as a surprise thing just to see how
it went just to see if we could do the
technical side okay and we did and to
see if people liked it and generally it
people liked it obviously you're on
YouTube are notorious for the worst
comments in the world and some pretty
funny ones too I must admit I enjoyed
seeing both the fans and the foes in the
comments feed and it's called super chat
that's not a word I made up for it
that's what Google calls it you can
comment for free along the right-hand
side of the YouTube page but if you chip
in to box or five bucks or yesterday
someone chipped in 50 bucks your comment
gets highlighted in a bright color and
it gets pinned to the top of the comment
section for a period of time so that's a
fun way to really get your comment to
the top and of course it helps us out
financially because we're on a percent
viewer-supported yeah so that's just an
explanation of what we're doing we do it
every weekday from noon til 1:00 Eastern
Time and we make it podcast available
for those who just like to listen as
supposed to watch as well
I liked yesterday we're going to tweak a
few things and I'm almost done this
housekeeping business before we get down
to the news of the day I think we're
gonna add a little break so I can take a
sip of water without just going
full-tilt for an hour like I did
yesterday and we'll also use it to
promote some other things we're doing at
the rebel for example we just announced
an hour ago that on June 2nd we're
having our second annual rebel
live event in Toronto and the guest list
is pretty fun including some rebel
alumni like my crazy friend Gavin
McInnes oh my God he's coming back
he's gonna be our headliner of course
are there talent with the rebel Katie
Hopkins myself John Cardillo I won't go
through the whole list now it's like a
Canadian version of CPAC where everyone
gets a you know 10 or 15-minute speech
and we just have a great list of
speakers and if you were there last time
there's about eight or nine hundred
people last I mean it was great the food
was amazing I couldn't believe it I mean
we were at a event that it's not a
professional conference center and the
food was great I see a little super chat
right here prim pal donated five bucks
but I don't see a question there if you
have a question I will come back to it's
Hegewisch enough with the housekeeping
let me jump in to the news of the day
every day I'm gonna try and bring some
clips some video clips because that's
our medium and I'm gonna play the clips
and then I'll just kibbutz I want to
start with a crazy little video from the
London Marathon the marathon in the
London in in London UK and as you know
in marathons along the way there's a lot
of support bottles of water a little
little disposable cups of water I mean
those folks are running 26 miles I get
thirsty and it's along the route and it
is for marathon runners and folks it's
just water I mean water is almost free
right I mean it is free from the tap and
a bottled water is pretty cheap and so
they have stacks of water and then we're
running through London and I want to
show you a video clip it's it's just
over a minute long want to show you this
video clip and then I want to talk to
you about what lessons we can learn from
and take a look at this clip from the
London Marathon
obviously hard times in back foots the
water supply is not reached here yet
as you can see while the locals trying
to knit cool water there's actually for
the mouth and runners although the last
coach has gone past certain map and
runners on their own but it's a poor sad
state
though it's just water folks it's it's
not gold it's not money I mean I guess
you could take the the bottles back and
get five pence at the recycling depot
they were stealing water on mess I don't
know who they were
are the guy taking the video cellphone
they are called them the locals I'm not
sure if they're the locals or if they're
migrants or what background they're from
but I think what we have here and I saw
a fascinating because the idea of just
going to a parade or an event or a
marathon and stealing water just
stealing it where does that come from
who would do that and it goes to
something that we in the West have and I
don't know if we know we have it
and I think a lot of people sense that
we're losing it but I think it helps to
put a name to things and that is the
difference between a high trust and a
low trust society we live in a high
trust society a hydro society lets women
go outside honest courted by their
husband or guardian a hydro society lets
kids walk to school or bike to school
even girls even girls of somewhat tender
years a high dress Society says you show
your face to each other
you don't wear in the cab or a burqa
hydrous society is if someone gives you
too much change at a store you don't
laugh you and say haha I got an extra
loony er tuning your dollar you said you
gave me too much change that's a hot
rough society where a deal can be made
on a handshake because your reputation
is valuable because everyone else in the
community values the fact that they
trust each other a Hydra Society is the
opposite of what we have in many parts
of the third world the most horrific
thing I ever read about Pakistan and I
wrote a son calm about this a few years
back was there was a public bus in
Pakistan and there was a young boy and
some passengers in the back of the bus
started sexually assaulting the boy
raping him well what did the bus driver
do it didn't call police he pulled over
the bus and he joined them and I'm sorry
to tell you that shocking story
I read the story and I wrote about that
in in the Sun and I wrote about the mass
rapes in Pakistan especially of young
boys and I thought that's a low trust
Society and the whole concept of these
rape gangs that we read about so much in
the United Kingdom it shows the
difference between a high trust and a
low stress Society of course there are
thefts in Hydro Society of course of
course there's steps
thefts in Canada but typically they're
done in shame or in darkness I mean rape
is not unknown in the West but it's
almost always a solitary crime done in
secret a woman being grabbed and taken
to a back alley for example where is
what's so telling about these Pakistani
Muslim rape gangs in the UK is that
they're groups of men together in on it
and I don't know if you've seen some of
the footage out of for example Cairo the
Tahara SHhhh
it's called which mass sexual assaults
which have come to Europe of course in
Cologne Germany New Year's Eve a few
years back where one were more than 500
migrants massively sexually assaulted
over a thousand German women on New
Year's Eve they did it together as a
pack as a wolf pack
whereas in the West rape and sexual
assault does happen but it's done in
secret and and by lone wolves I guess
you could say because if an because if a
woman were to call out in the West help
I'm being raped and if a man were to
hear that the man would hopefully call
police are coming to the rescue himself
but in these other low trust societies
it's like a you know weak gazelle is
being separated from the herd and
instead of a wolf going to help the
Gazelle he goes to help devour her and
that's what's so telling about that bus
in Pakistan and the mass Muslim rankings
in the UK and about this thing called
Taha rush in Cairo them we've done a
show on that before is when other men
see the rape happening there because
it's a low trust society they don't feel
an obligation to help a stranger rather
they sense an opportunity to take
advantage of a stranger what we saw
there in a very small way and I don't
know if they were Muslim I don't know if
I was a hijab
just when a Hydra society and a low
trust society meet the high trust
society gets suckered because unless
they're on their guard and when you're
in a high trust society you're not
always on your guard you're not always
looking behind your back you're not
always worried that you're gonna be
hijacked or carjacked or robbed or raped
someone comes in and says look at all
these suckers I'm gonna fleece them for
every cent they have I see another super
check comment let me take a look
Louisiana Torquay Juncker has a comment
that doesn't have a comment just as a
super chap by the way if you're making a
super chat contribution like that feel
free to ask me a question I noticed it
out of the corner of my eye and I'll
read it right away
so that was my first video clip my plan
today is go through a few video clips
that I see get them out of the way I've
got three more video clear two more
video clips in a news story that
yesterday took me to about twelve
fifteen twelve twenty and then I'm just
gonna read the comments and go through
and and chat about it so I guess what
I'm doing here I'm figuring this out as
I go
and by the way we got the fancy mic
wired up so I'm not using my lapel mic
again today so I'm gonna throw some
fodder out there I'm gonna throw some
videos out there throw a news story I
got for today and then we can have a
good talk about it and and hopefully
you'll throw me some good questions I'll
read the super chat questions first but
if there aren't any at the moment I'll
go through the rest of them okay um
that's my view on hunt trust and low
trust societies and the thing is Hydra
societies take generations to make you
you can't just suddenly decide that you
want a high trust society because it's
it's it's like a Mexican standoff
whoever
lowers their guard first that's the
sucker that's the one who's going to be
eaten alive Hydra societies take
generations they take centuries of
customs and law built up to protect that
society they can be undone in a
generation though can't they welfare
fraud immigration scams are just an
example of a low trust society just
devouring high trust societies in Canada
for example in the United States were
hard trust societies if someone says
they're a genuine refugee you want to
help them well obviously people from low
trust society say what a sucker if I
just say the right words I can
say I'm seeking asylum even if I'm a
caravan coming in from Mexico which is
not a military dictatorship from which
people are truly fleeing or even worse
in Canada where people are leaving
Donald Trump and claiming to be refugees
coming from New York State there are no
refugees in New York State but we're a
high trust society being suckered by low
trust societies okay I want to move on
to the next one I want to show you a
video yesterday now if you watch CNN if
you watch left-wing media you will have
missed this because when this
international news was being broken CNN
was covering a porn star named stormy
stormy Daniels who was filing a
defamation suit against Donald Trump
that was the most important global story
in the whole world for CNN as opposed to
this stunning story that I predict will
be made into a Hollywood movie it's so
shocking and dramatic let me play for
you a two-minute clip of a former
paratrooper who's now a prime minister
of a country talking about the most
stunning espionage activity I suppose
since this paratrooper himself was part
of the raid on Entebbe in Kenya some 40
years ago take a look at Benjamin
Netanyahu and what he had to say
yesterday he's a couple minutes from his
20 minute video Iran lied big time after
signing the nuclear deal in 2015 Iran
intensified its efforts to hide its
secret nuclear files in 2017 Iran moved
its nuclear weapons files to a highly
secret location in Tehran this is the
sure about district in southern Tehran
this is where they kept the atomic
archives right here fewer Amiens
knew where it was very few and also a
few Israelis now from the outside this
was an innocent-looking compound it
looks like a dilapidated warehouse but
from the inside it contained Iran's
secret atomic archives locked in massive
files
actually they're a little bigger than
this okay a few weeks ago in a great
intelligence achievement Israel obtained
half a ton of the material inside these
vaults and here's what we got 55,000
pages another 55,000 files on 183 CDs
everything you're about to see is an
exact copy of the original Iranian
material you may want to know where are
the originals well I can say they're now
in a very safe place here's what the
files included incriminating documents
incriminating charts incriminating
presentations incriminating blueprints
incriminating photos incriminating
videos and more we've shared this
material with the United States and the
United States can vouch for its
authenticity
I tell you 55,000 that way said the
number of documents underneath three CDs
worth of confidential material taken out
of a high-security vault from Iran from
a bunker it looked like that's David
David Copperfield level magic but of
course it wasn't magic he was espionage
an amazing coup the dramatic flourish of
pulling it off with the binders there
was amazing the full video from
Netanyahu goes on more than 20 minutes
and it describes the real purpose for
the reveal which is it is absolute proof
that Iran in no way had stopped
preparing to build a nuclear weapon of
course and the missiles to deliver it
and in fact it it was confirmed shortly
after this reveal by Netanyahu
that the United States had received
copies of all this material from
Netanyahu and they verified that it was
legitimate it was the real thing
a lot of things happen in quick
secession Iran cancelled its nuclear
deal with Obama the one that he was paid
that Obama paid more than a hundred
billion dollars to Iran including
delivering more than a billion dollars
in actual cash delivered on pallets Iran
just walked away from the deal Donald
Trump himself gave a short comment about
it but what an awful deal it was how
much money Iran got out of it things are
moving quickly I wonder I wonder what
will come next we saw a lot of quick
movement in North Korea that I think was
motivated in large part by fear not by
wooing and promises like Obama and
George W Bush and Bill Clinton had done
but rather I think Kim jong-un's fear
that Donald Trump is like no other
leader that he was a wild man who would
actually attack North Korea I think was
a fear that brought Kim jong-un to the
negotiating table and apparently to
agree to a denuclearization we'll find
out soon enough
I wonder what Iran think so wonder what
they think about Israel doing its big
reveal of Iran's secret documents and
what else
I wonder what else Israel sneaked out of
the country that they have not told us I
wonder if Iran is now fearing either a
military attack from Israel or Saudi
Arabia or the United States or allies as
well I saw a clip from Emmanuel macron
aboard his french version of Air Force
One talking to Vladimir Putin about how
things in the Middle East absolutely
have to change I wonder I wonder who's
lobbying whom I guess my point is it was
a stunning feat to take those secret
files out of a bunker and have them
reappear in Israel have them verified by
America was incredible I would like to
see a Jason Bourne style dramatic
theatrical reenactment of that in the
future but I think it portends a lot of
changes coming from Donald Trump and
CNN thought it was more important to air
the latest stormy Daniels iteration I
want to show you a headline in the
global mail that just made me chuckle
and it's not directly related but I just
got to read this particularly this
Ottawa moves to enforce North Korea
sanctions as Kim jong-un floats
disarmament proposal and the tweet
behind that was even funnier as a
picture of Chrystia Freeland Canada's
foreign minister who who was getting
tough getting really tough with North
Korea and The Globe and Mail the
headline and the photo was setting this
up as if that was a big player in all
this as opposed to me - hey hey Kim can
you mention me - I read just a super
gross article in Maclean's magazine
written by the house husband of
Catherine McKenna the liberal
Environment Minister his name Scott
Gilmore just deriding Trump as if this
was all an accident I forget which
liberal journalist said that it was Kim
jong-un's sister who deserves all the
credit for the denuclearization anything
anything but to give credit to Donald
Trump
who looks like he's making progress on
the Curia file I'll hold my judgment
till we actually see these nukes
dismantled with corroborated proof but
it looks like things are moving on the
Iran file - Ann Coulter who I pay close
attention to because she's not only very
humorous but she's very smart she says
okay we're solving the problems in Iran
were solving the problems in Korea can
we solve the problems in America
including building the wall and the
southern border as that Caravan from low
trust Mexico comes north and she's got
an excellent point maybe Trump can bring
some of his wins from the foreign policy
sector to domestic politics although I
remember when I spoke to Joel Pollak on
my show a few weeks ago ago he makes the
fair point
he says foreign policy especially
military matters the president is an
executive who can make instant decisions
and and has more control than any other
part of the government but things like
building a wall are subject to the
approval and consent and funding by
Congress and he's been frustrated in
Congress not only by Democrats but
weak Republicans - there is a there is
an argument them I want to throw one
more stat at you about high trust and
low trust societies I was just glancing
at the comments feed there on my
computer while we were playing then clip
what is a high trust and low trust
society a hydro society is if is a
society that allows a girl to hitchhike
now I would never recommend the girls
hitchhike anyways but it's one where a
woman might feel that that is a way to
get across the country I wouldn't
recommend it even in our high trust
societies it's just too risky but I saw
a recent statistic that literally 80% of
young women who crossed the border from
Mexico into the United States 80% of
them are sexually assaulted or raped or
even prostituted as part of their
journey to America 80% that up that's up
from a previous figure of around 60% in
the study that's a low trust society
coming to a high trust society and when
you and there's Donald Trump said when
you bring in those parts of mexican
society that are the bravest or the ms3
drug dealers or the other drug cartels
you bring that approach and they just
tear through America because it's a free
country that's not built for waves of
low trust migrants there is one more
video that I want to show you today and
I mean I know we have lots of viewers
who in the United States and we have
Canadians - of course I want to show you
Canada's Environment Minister our global
warming Minister Catherine McKenna when
she's asked how much the carbon tax will
cost the average Canadian family it's a
pretty simple question I think look at
the answer and I'll have some thoughts
afterwards and then I'll then that's the
last of my clips oh and I'll jump into
the comments take a look at this pricing
on pollution works that's what the our
analysis showed today and Canadians know
polluting isn't pray that there's a real
impact
human health but also climate change is
real we're seeing flooding across the
country forest fires droughts so it's
having a real impact on people and so
the study today showed that putting a
price on pollution is it is a critical
measure to any serious climate plan it's
a low cost measure and it also helps
create the incentives for businesses and
consumers to make choices like
retrofitting their home putting in more
insulation I'm using a smart meter or
using energy-efficient technologies
which also creates jobs in the longer
run I mean I know people talked about BC
and gas prices there are many factors
involved with one of them though I know
wineries are one refineries are one I
mean this is the price on carbon one of
them this is not the you know I can't
talk it specifically about all the
factors involved I mean you can see
prices of the pump they change you know
week by week but I think that's it's a
record price there right now right and
people thinking this is a tax on you
know this is another tax will we be
paying more at the pump so I'm just I
want to know from you can you assure
Canadians that they won't as a direct
result of your carbon pricing so it's
really up to provinces to decide the
system they want to put in place so in
provinces like British Columbia they put
a price on pollution and they gave the
money back the revenues that they get in
rebates so you have other provinces like
Alberta they've got rebates or also
investing in energy efficiency which
saves people money so the whole point of
putting a price on pollution is to allow
provinces to develop a system that makes
sense but also make sure that people are
making choices that are gonna save them
money
that's an incredible clip I see there's
a super chat by lamb burger I'll come
back to your chat in a bit but first I
want to talk about this video of course
no answer on what the carbon tax will
cost the average Canadian they of course
they know the answer of course they've
studied it of course the Civil Services
study that there's no new tax in any
Western democracy that's brought in
without all sorts of projections about
how much it will cost
they don't want to say that number
because of course it is a it's a new tax
it's like the new GST in Canada I think
that lack of transparency is
but there's something I think a little
bit more and it's her her blustery
Orwellian speak about pricing carbon
pollution and giving people the
information to make other choices that's
just a very tricky way of saying of
course it's gonna hurt of course it's
going to be costly and when people have
that information about how costly oil
and gas is they will make smart choices
to not use energy that's that that's the
simple code there the whole purpose of a
carbon tax if you believe the ideology
of the left is to make using energy so
painful
the people will socially engineer their
lives and change whether it's not having
the lights on or have been cold in the
winter or hot in the summer or not
driving or just living smaller though
that's the information and choices that
Catherine McKenna and Justin Trudeau
would have us make in in a way she's
being honest if you get through all the
layers of spin and euphemism she's
basically saying of course it's gonna be
painful that's the whole point
the reason we're taxing carbon it's not
pollution it's the stuff of life but the
Rieman reason we're taxing energy is
because we want less of it and that
means to punish people for using it in a
very roundabout way she's being honest
if he cut through the lies I thought
that was an interesting clip all right
it's 1227 I got through my morning clips
I still figuring out the format here I
just a reminder folks who are watching
on YouTube every day at 8 p.m. Eastern
Time I have my regular show it's about
an hour - it's more planned and scripted
the videos more produced and I typically
interview two different guests and then
I read my hate mail we're trying out
this super chat on YouTube seeing how it
goes and as I mentioned a minute ago I
saw during the clip a subject quote by
lamb burger and it was about the CBC in
Canada using the Toronto van
and the humble tragedy to smear
right-wingers and I I think it's true in
the case of humble I they turned Nora
Loreto into a hero
she was the super gross far left winger
who said it's a it's gross I forget her
exact language but she said it was gross
I mean we could pull up her tweet while
I'm trying to remember
verbatim she mocked a GoFundMe crowd
funder for the families four of the
injured and the dead saying she was she
noted the whiteness and the maleness and
the youth of those who died and and she
found it disturbing she was actually
blaming the victims of a traffic
accident for being white and male she
thought that was an appropriate comment
to make and of course the CBC just just
loved that came to her defense had panel
after panel defending her and the CBC
with the Toronto van attack the motors
of which were yet unclear are blaming it
on right-wing white masculinity they
used the word white even though the
suspect himself is Armenian I see
another comment on a super shadow go to
it right now
El Chupacabra says I'll pay a thousand
dollars a year just on my natural gas
bill for a carbon levy in Alberta when
we reach $50 a ton Oh
you're exactly right there's a thing in
Alberta where Rachel nominees introduced
her carbon tax where people are tweeting
pictures of their natural gas bill and I
saw one the other day where the the tax
on the natural gas was almost as much as
the natural gas itself and that is what
Catherine McKenna is talking about
punishing energy users so deeply that
they what turn off turn off the gas but
we need gas
what's interesting about a consumption
tax like that is if you're super rich if
you're very wealthy paying another
thousand bucks a year for natural gas
it's not going
stop you from living your life but if
you're the poorest of Canadians if
you're very low-income you can't just
stop using natural gas if that's how you
heat your home if that's how you you
know cook if that's you just can't cut
your natural gas use in half and so
there's a price in elasticity of demand
which means no matter what the price is
you still have to buy a certain amount
yeah maybe you can use a little bit less
here and a little bit less there but if
your house is heated with natural gas if
you cook with natural gas you just have
to use it it's it's that's the
pernicious 'no sand the regressive nosov
an energy tax is the high-flying jet
setters who would pay a marginal amount
more because they're jetting around sure
it's painful to pay an extra fifty bucks
on a you know vacation flight to Italy
or something but if you're that rich you
don't care but if you're poor you just
can't avoid it it would really be like
putting a tax on bread a tax on bread
when you're taxing a basic staple of
life which carbon is frankly you could
put a carbon tax on bread because it's
made of carbon and hydrogen you're gonna
hit the poor the hardest just like any
progressive taxes I'm gonna I'm gonna
grab a few comments like I say if you
want your comment posted to the top feel
free to do so I just read one from El
Chupacabra Kirksey says I hate this
paywall BS well there's no pay wall here
that's the fun thing about this
experiment we're running we're in day
two of the experiment you can watch and
you can put your comment but if folks
want to chip in two bucks or five bucks
for a super chat I see that color out of
the corner of my eye and I'll Reena and
why not we I can't read every single
comment on there and if folks want to
chip in $6.99 well we could use the
dough we're viewer supported we're not
like the CBC that takes your tax dollars
to put on a panel of four people saying
how Nora Loreto was brilliant in her
attack
on the Humboldt haka team I'm gonna read
some more slam says I like how the left
has pretty much changed it from global
warming to climate change so they can't
be told it's wrong you're right and
that's why I almost always say the words
global warming because they don't like
that because you know we had a very long
cold winter in so much of North America
this year for example and I love saying
global warming when it's so bloody cold
out I'm gonna read some more seven spots
says smart choices means starving and
freezing in February that's right smart
choices I don't see Catherine McKenna
making smart choices because she doesn't
have to pay the price for her own
schemes a smart choice for Catherine
McKenna who Jets her every week she's
jetting somewhere else would be to join
one of those super important conferences
via Skype I mean is it really really am
that important for you to fly that an
important meeting in Cancun in the
winter time to meet with your fellow
global warming fighters why couldn't you
join them by Skype what grosses me out
is whenever we see from cabinet minutes
where the expense carbon offsets do you
know what I mean it's that money that
they pay to these scammers or will let
me burn fuel I'll give you an extra 10
bucks and my conscience will be cleaned
but we're paying for that I mean if
you're if you are Catherine McKenna or
some other bureaucratic politician and
you really believe in carbon offsets I
mean talk about an Enron accounting scam
if you really believe in that if you're
if that's like a tithe if that's like
you know given five bucks to the beggar
to make your conscience feel better even
though it's actually not helping the
beggar find go ahead and do that but
then don't expense it don't expense it
there's some chat on the comments about
Andrew Scheer and my monologue yesterday
on the show and I think I referred to it
also in the super chat um I mean I I
know Andrew Scheer a little bit I
visited him in Parliament a few times I
dad and his team I mean I'm not close
with him in any way to want to pretend
that but he's shy a little bit and he's
conflict averse and and that works great
for a backbencher and it worked really
well for Andrew Shearer as the Speaker
of the House of Commons because if
you're conflict averse you're probably
going to help hammer out disagreements
amongst the parties about things that
disagreements should be smooth over
likely the actual operations of the
House of Commons itself when you're this
speaker of a House of Commons
yes you have to keep order in question
period and make rulings about what's in
order and what's not but most of what
you do is behind the scenes just
allocating office space or talking about
budgets or you know repairs and all of
that is consensus building stuff Andrew
sure was really good at that
and for nine years that's what he
trained to do and then to take a guy who
for nine years had basically an
unlimited budget
did everything in gentle backroom
meetings whenever someone objected he
would Hank and we worked this out to
take someone like that and put them in
the prickly as pointiest job in Canada
to make them a leader in the official
opposition I don't know if that's
working because he he's never had a
tough scrum in his life so he defers to
journalists he's not used to pushing
back against journalists and I think
that Andrew Shearer is actually very
easy to manipulate if you're an enemy of
the conservative party what I mean by
that is if you're a journalist you
basically put a question to him framed
in a way that says if you don't agree
with me on this liberal bromide you're a
hater you're a racist you're an
Islamophobe you're a dinosaur you're
climate denier and you put it to him and
you pretend to be friendly say Andrew
you know what the right answer is and if
you answer this question on global
warming or open borders or the rabble
the right way if you answer any of these
things the right way I'll give you an
approving nod and you'll escape this
journalistic incident unscathed but if
you give the conservative answer
boy will be shamed of something happen
to you in our press coverage that kind
of constant permanent perpetual
shakedown threat by the media is
actually the easiest way to manipulate
Andrew Shearer a genuine conservative in
the party doesn't have that luxury
because it's actually the flip side of
that coin if you actually had a genuine
conservative in the party whether it's
Maxim Bernier who came in a very close
second in the leadership or Brad trost
or you know frankly oil patch
backbenchers who were folks to force to
vote for the UN global warming scheme
the opposite effect works against you in
that Andrew Shearer says AHA if I
marginalize Brad Prost if i marginalize
these true right-wingers in my caucus
then I can go to the media and say look
I'm not this bad guy that you say I am I
voted for that global warming I don't go
on the rebel I've banned my MPs from
doing so I've marched marginalized the
Conservatives so his love for the media
is the other side of the coin of his
marginalization of conservatives with
his own party it's it's it's sad in a
way because we actually need a truly
Conservative Party but that's the one
thing I drew sheer will not be because
he will not get approval from those from
him he craves it all right I'm gonna
keep reading comments here let me check
to make sure I didn't miss one okay I am
just going to scroll through in the
comments here high trust areas have low
pollution you know what I see your point
right away I see your point right away
why is it than in low trust societies
the idea of litter or picking up litter
or a community group going out to pick
up someone else's litter is non-existent
why are there such ugly slums in
third-world countries now one reason is
they're so poor but that doesn't explain
you know you can keep your own room neat
you can keep your own backyard neat the
lack of private
property has something to do with it but
there but I give you the example that's
ubiquitous across Canada in the United
States when you're along public highways
sure there are sometimes governments
garbage picker-uppers sure but how often
do you see little signs that say this a
patch of this next mile highway
maintenance brought to you by the local
Rotary Club or even a local business and
what that means is that I don't know
once a month or once a quarter that
company or that Rotary Club or that Boy
Scout Troop goes along the public
highway and cleans up someone else's
garbage just for the public good and for
their own sense of pride and their own
commitment to increasing the trust
capital in our society and that the sign
the effect of the sign this area is kept
clean by the local Boy Scout troop is
meant to make you feel well I certainly
wouldn't want a litter because even if I
thought I could get away with littering
on this open stretch of highway I know I
would be violating the good faith of
that little Boy Scout Troop so I'm not
going to do it so we don't litter partly
because we care about the environment
but mainly because we don't want to
mistreat others in our high trust
society but if you come from a society
that regards altruism as something that
suckers do of course you litter why
would you care if some idiot wants to
waste his time and money picking up
somebody else's garbage let him do it I
stand by my first point about private
property there's a reason why we don't
have litter in our own backyard whereas
there's litter on the side of the road
because you clean up your own backyard
because you own it it's another
expression of that metaphor is no one
takes a rental car to the carwash I mean
why would you wash someone else's car in
a trust Society we do things for each
other for an intangible reason to trust
each other in the hope that what comes
around goes around but in countries
where there is none of that and you just
can't get it
you just can't create that out of thin
air I'm gonna go through my comments
here I don't see any more super chats
but I'm I'm oh there's a little bit of a
delay in my own computer here co2 is
plant food go green go co2 well that's
right I mean the first I ever heard of
carbon dioxide when I was a kid was what
I learned about photosynthesis and of
course co2 is plant food to call it
pollution is is unscientific and what's
good co2 and what's bad co2 is co2 good
if a plant consumes it is co2 good if an
animal emits it if an animal breathes
out co2 is that morally superior than if
a person does what if an ambulance emits
co2 from a diesel engine to go save a
life I mean it's it's so absurd to say
that an actual element in the periodic
table is pollution and for for
politicians to repeat that and even for
scientists to repeat that junk science
is so debasing to the language it's it
truly is Orwellian to call an element
carbon pollution okay let me look
through some more comments here I think
my comments page is stuck because I
haven't had some new ones come and no
there we go if plant coughs inhaling see
and it's bad look at the root of the
green agenda and it will connect many of
the dots well yeah the green agenda I
think is a few things first of all it is
an expression of socialism and anti
capitalism in the West
I mean goes back centuries to Luddites
there there is an angst that comes about
from the industrialization of society
and the loss of our more natural ways I
accept that that's true but I think that
movement has been hijacked from
socialists or watermelons as they're
called green on the outside but red on
the inside where environmentalism is an
excuse to D industrialize and tax the
West I know many times the Greenpeace is
never in its history condemned oil and
ask production in OPEC countries have
you ever seen Greenpeace protest against
Iran Iraq Nigeria Venezuela Saudi Arabia
of course not and I'm not even saying go
to have a protest in those countries of
course it's illegal to have a protest in
a place like Saudi Arabia Iran they'd
arrest you they might even kill you I'm
talking about even putting on a press
release from their international
headquarters in the Netherlands of
course not it is not a true
environmental agenda if it was that
would go after Saudi Arabia and Russia
as vigorously as they go after Alberta
all right let's get some more hey answer
whatever happened to the French branch
of the rebel with Eric do em well we
have Eric come on my show
I don't know once a month or so he was
on just the other day talking about
Alexandre Bissonnette the convicted
murderer at the Quebec City Moscow we
enjoyed working with Eric for the rebel
plan media and hopefully we'll do some
projects with him again we remain
friends with him and he comes on the
show in that capacity but we we aren't
doing that French language show maybe
once maybe again I think that they
really could use something like the
rebel especially given the open borders
between New York and Quebec it's just
absurd first the mass of Haitian
migrants the Salvadorian migrants it's
just Quebec I mean you know that they've
run out of patience when Justin Trudeau
is literally busing migrants out of
Quebec Toronto will take them because
Quebec is at its limit I think they we
really could use the rebel in French and
and you know I do keep in touch with
Eric and we we still talk on our regular
rebel CY liberals in hot air balloons
never crashes because they all start
talking once yeah okay the hot air joke
why is there so much effort to get oil
to see but never to produce gas here
well I'm not sure where you're located
your name is user unknown um
Canada is a net exporter of oil and gas
but what's frustrating is eastern Canada
imports oil including from OPEC
countries so you have Saudi and Algerian
oil tankers coming in by ship to Halifax
to
to st. John that's actually the largest
refinery in Canada to Montreal
instead of Canadian oil and that makes
sense to me I mean when Denis Coderre
blocked the energy East pipeline and
Justin Trudeau and Catherine McKenna
killed it by changing the rules on them
halfway they didn't stop a single
Montrealer from driving his car that
didn't stop anyone from heating their
homes it just swapped out ethical oil
from Alberta for conflict oil from OPEC
I mean every when when the Northern
Gateway pipeline was killed Kidd
Morgan's trans mountain pipeline is
being killed do you think the world will
consume one fewer barrels of oil or will
it just simply be produced by a Saudi
tyrant it's obvious I see a super chat
from ally Clark I'm gonna read it from
Alberta and UCP member that stands for
United Conservative party for those not
in Alberta or Canada that's the United
Conservative Party that is way ahead in
the polls and Alberta quite likely to
win the next election next year ally
Clark says was very upset to hear Jason
Kenney won't speak with rebel pandering
to left like shear will no longer be
donating to them already stopped
donating to the Conservative Party of
Canada because of this tired of
grassroots being ignored well Ally me
too and I should say that I mean I still
admire Jason Kenney I've been friends
with the guy since I was in college
that's sort of when we met I was at Law
School you've a he was up there running
the Taxpayers Federation we used to go
for snacks all the time we were the
nucleus of what we called the snack pack
basically fat young fat guy and we went
to Parliament he went as an MP in the
same time I went as a as a young staffer
for Preston Manik so I go way back with
Jason when we were both in our early 20s
if you can believe it but he made the
same calculation that Andrew Shearer did
which he's more afraid of what the
mainstream media or the media party as I
call it will do to him
than what his conservative base will do
the women and and I remember the moment
and I'll just tell you it because I'm
disappointed in - I'm a little bit sad
about it I suppose I don't know if you
remember
December of 2016 we had a big rally at
the Edmonton Legislature against the
carbon tax we have 3,000 people there it
was cold
maybe you were there and oil man and
woman's some guys dressed in their blue
work overall some guys with hard hats
and it was about ten speeches great
speeches and there was a there's about
thirty seconds I later timed it the
thirty seconds were just for fun because
remember this is right after Donald
Trump had won the US election that was
in November and our rally was in
December so that was very fresh on
people's minds some funny guys started
that chant that was so popular in Trump
lock her up lock her up of course the
original chant was about Hillary Clinton
and this was just a funny riff 30
seconds long obviously a joke but it was
the excuse that the CBC used to
literally do a huge story the next night
on the national calling us deplorable
they actually found a professor to call
this the portal and they put the camera
in the face of every single conservative
they could Ron Ambrose Brian Jean Jason
Kenney and said they said lock her up
will you renounce this call to violence
or kidnapping or whatever it was like
did they actually think we were going to
grab the premier and lock her up in
something no of course not but they
pretended to be outraged because they
were scared of 3,000 people marching
against the carbon tax and Jason Kenney
bit on that why it wasn't there it
wasn't his affair but he felt some peer
pressure in that moment to denounce not
me I didn't I didn't even participate in
the chat actually but we have 3,000
unemployed men and women mainly men who
were frustrated unemployment back then
was almost 10% in Alberta 200,000 people
out of work and the premier was bringing
in a carbon tax and apparently for 30
seconds those unemployed men didn't
protest properly they weren't polite
enough in their unemployment they
weren't classy enough in their anger and
frustration and so they chanted lock her
up and so they were deplorable and to my
regret Jason Kenney and Andrew Shearer
that wasn't Andrew sheers moment his was
a little bit later felt they couldn't
talk to the rabble anymore because we
had that deplorable protest and and I
look at Jason Kenny's messaging and it's
exactly our messaging on the carbon tax
a year later and by the way I say again
I support his political ideas or at
least most of them I disagreed with his
support for Rachel not least plan to
nationalize the trans mountain pipeline
that's just crazy
Venezuela style socialist so I don't
know why can't he support of that but
he's made the aesthetic decision and the
pain management path of least resistance
decision that it's easier to sideline
the rabble than have to take question
after question from the left-wing media
party about the rabble
he thinks it's easier to marginalize his
conservative base because where else
you're gonna go what are you gonna do if
you're a conservative in Alberta who
likes the rebel and he likes you some
Kenny woody get and that's Andrew shears
thinking to where you gonna go he gonna
vote for and there's some truth there
and what Jason Kenney won't make a
difference because he's leading in the
polls by more than 20 points but with
Andrew Shearer too many times you throw
your allies under the bus and you
encourage your enemies you do that too
many times and you know what your your
enemies are enthused and motivated and
your allies well they stay home maybe
they don't donate as Ali Clarke mentions
maybe they just don't show up at the
polls I think that's the difference
between a Patrick Brown conservative and
a Doug Ford conservative Patrick Brown
was so unconservative in anything but
name there were so many lack of days ago
unmotivated conservatives were as dug
for because he's supplying spoken and
he's not afraid of the media I think
he's really breathed a lot of life in
the party
I think Jason Kenney obviously doesn't
need the rebel to win his next election
I think Andrew Shearer might and I'm not
saying that we are a political auxiliary
to him I'm just saying we help tell the
stories and the ideas and report the
facts and the arguments that the
mainstream media won't we were the first
ones
to lead the charge against the carbon
tax when CBC was having four-person
panels all four of them in favor of the
carbon tax so that's my very lengthy
answer but for heaven's sakes it was a
fifty dollar super chat ally so I'll
give you the time of day let me read
some more Shearer is a pink Tory I'm not
gonna go that far I'd I'd say he he
needs to get some courage he needs to
get some courage so there really is part
of the job description the skill set
needed to be a leader of the opposition
not to be a speaker the house not to be
a backbencher not even really to be a
government minister but if you're gonna
be the leader of the Opposition look at
the word you're paid to oppose not to
bend the knee let me read some more real
man fish says Trump got elected because
he spoke truth to normal people will get
reelected again because he keep is
keeping his promises and Magga make
America great again I think you're right
I think so far Donald Trump has kept his
promises and I think that's shocked some
people because they mean just one small
example he it's a tiny example it's
really not even that substantive ly
important was very symbolic he said he
would move the American Embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem why not I mean
Jerusalem is Israel's capital it may
make sense to do so and he did it well
every president for decades has said the
same thing but they never meant it oh my
god don't tell me actually mented that's
shocking and guess what the the sky
didn't fall and Donald Trump I remember
when he campaigned in West Virginia with
a sign that said Trump digs coal and I
said wow that's a pretty brave thing to
say in the era of global warming and
whatnot he did it he pulled America out
of the UN global warming scheme and
guess what the sky didn't fall there
either I mean you would have thought
there would have been a mass war in the
Middle East when he said he's gonna move
the the capital Jerusalem didn't happen
you were to think there would be chaos
in the world when America pulled out of
the UN global warming scheme didn't
happen so he's just proving that so many
things that were considered the third
rail of politics well when you do him
and you're on side with the people
people love it I mean his whole campaign
was built though
to build the wall I talked about this
earlier he is not yet built that wall
and now the Mexican Caravan is testing
him and so far I regret Donald Trump has
not met the test he has not built the
wall and I as I mentioned earlier there
are reasons for that including
congressional blockages but there are
things the president can do especially
when it comes to the border I mean that
is there are ways of the National Guard
the army itself I mean that's a federal
jurisdiction it's not a matter of
individual local states or towns it's a
federal thing and I think that is the
key test as I've said for more than a
year now if Donald Trump actually builds
the wall no matter what he will be erect
reelected if Donald Trump does not build
the wall no matter what he won't be
reelected I believe that building of the
wall is more important than any other or
then all other issues combined because
it goes to his trustworthiness is the
very core of his identity and his
position in politics I'm an outsider I
keep my promises I hate the Washington
excuses I'm for America first I'm
against globalism I'm against global
open borders building that wall as a
test and for God's sakes the man is a
builder what's his profession he builds
things he's got to build that wall I'm
reading some more Odie Logano says Beebe
wanted a billion to build it but Trump's
ambassador could do it with 150 million
150,000 now politicking for value I
think you mean 150 million you're
talking not about the wall but about the
embassy in Jerusalem I have no opinion
on that but you're right one thing
Donald Trump knows is how to build
something now building an embassy is a
bit different from building a luxury
apartment there's security concerns
there's you know it's got to be
bomb-proof the embassy in Ottawa is
quite something to behold I've been in
the embassy I met the ambassador in in
Ottawa and the security to get in there
is incredible I I think that thing could
take a direct hit from a serious
military weapon and survive even to get
in you stand
in like your momentarily like almost in
a in an isolation canister or something
it was I've actually never been to a
place with us high-security as the US
Embassy in Ottawa and you can imagine in
Jerusalem it would have to be tough to
so I don't know if it's really possible
to you know to haggle with contractors
to get the price down beneath a certain
number because you do have to have a
security component but if anyone can do
it Donald Trump can't I should remind
you that on Twitter alone he objected to
the price of Boeing's new Air Force One
he just tweeted three billion that's
outrageous cancel order I forget the
exact but he canceled order was in the
tweet Boeing stock took a dive and they
came back and said how's this for a
number mr. president so so his bluster
has a place in negotiation it's 1257 and
I finish this up at one my goal every
day is come in chitchat for an hour take
some comments I'm going to play you some
clips I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna play a quick clip tomorrow
chat for a bit play clip chat for a bit
instead of getting all my clips out of
the way I'm still figuring this business
out if you have any advice feel free to
send it to me I want to tell you just in
the in the final minutes here June 2nd
I mentioned this we've got the rebel
live conference and you can see some of
the folks there that's my crazy friend
Gavin McInnes I guess he's a bigger draw
than me because he's writing it's easy
to register for the event if you can't
make it you can actually watch it on our
pay wall so my buddy Gavin it's just a
slow down a little but here we got Katie
Hopkins who's super tough there's me the
top right John Cardillo Jennifer Breeden
she is the host of our save the
Christians documentary
there's Candice Malcolm I'm thrilled
that she's coming keep scrolling keeps
going there's David Menzies mission
specialists Sheila GaN reader Alberta
bureau chief Raheel Raza there are more
names
I know are coming we just had a
confirmation yesterday that I really
want to tell you but we're we're sort of
keeping some more announcements for
later because we've got some great main
I think those names I just read to you
are great and I am a little bit nervous
that we are bringing back that crazy man
Gavin McInnes I don't know if you were
there rebel of last year we had about
800 people there Gavin got up on the
stage and I I don't know if you were
there if you were you may have seen me
up on the stage too just in case
anything went a little too crazy
I had a big hook to take Gavin off and
he just walked right up to the edge the
whole time you didn't go over it was
hilarious it was so funny so I'd like to
invite anyone who wants bats or are more
sober minded presenters I'll be there
Menzies is going to be the emcee as he
was last year
it's a Canada Christian college which is
a wonderful facility it's really the
only free speech facility left in
Toronto
it's called Canada Christian College
because that's what it is but more to
the point it's where people like Jordan
Peterson go in Toronto when they want a
speech that can't be shut down by the
anti feh fascists so that's our favorite
go-to place it's more trustworthy than
any hotel or conference that folds like
a cheap suit every time you know there's
some leftist alt left writer up front so
I check that out go to that rebel
live.com we're almost out of time here
we're going to tweak this you know we're
just this I call this a soft lunch beta
testing it or whatever I think going
forward we're gonna have a few breaks
like just short break so I can take a
sip of water we're going to I think I'm
gonna spread out my videos more evenly
in the show and I think once we get the
rhythm down pat will will promote it a
bit I mean we haven't really told the
world about it other than in a tweet or
two so thanks for being part of our test
audience you're sort of like the guinea
pigs of it I see by my clock that it's
one o'clock exactly on the dot thanks
for joining me I'll be back tomorrow at
12:00 noon Eastern exactly and if you
haven't yet subscribed feel drue feel
free to do so you can catch my nightly
show at 8:00 p.m. Eastern and there's
other paywall shows just eight bucks a
month consider doing that until tomorrow
on behalf of all
here at Ezra lavance battleground
oscillator bye-bye
