we live in a pretty dangerous world and
due to my law enforcement background I
often bring you stories about radical
Islamic terror and there are a few
people that are my go-to resources one
of them is joining me now Robert Spencer
is the director of jihad watch and he
has a new book all the history of jihad
from Mohammed Isis Robert joins me now
and it's such a pleasure to have you on
the show I've been meaning to talk to
you we actually have a couple of really
good personal mutual friends and it's
taken way too long to have you on tell
me a little bit about the book and then
I want to get into some of the work
jihad Watch has been doing because you
guys are an absolute go-to resource for
me as I produce the show every day
talking about the upcoming book first
because it seems incredibly interesting
and I think a must read for anybody
that's interested in this subject matter
I would even encourage everybody in law
enforcement in the military to grab a
copy they really need to understand the
enemy yeah absolutely John thank you
this book is unique there is actually no
other book like it people might say that
about every book that comes out but it's
really true about this one this is the
first time in the English language that
there has been a comprehensive history
of jihad activity from the beginning
from Mohammed right up to the present
day including not just the jihad against
Europe which people have written about
but the jihad against India which is an
incredibly bloody horrible story that
people need to know in the West and
don't know and yes I think this is a
book that is going to be necessary for
legislators and policymakers to read
because it puts everything in context
people know there are problematic
passages in the Quran people know there
are problematic things that Mohammed did
but then they think well you know Spain
was a paradise of multiculturalism and
there were periods of tolerance and
peace when Jews Christians and Muslims
lips together I explode all those
historical myths in this book relying on
chroniclers who were there eyewitnesses
and people who were contemporaries of
what happened and show that this is an
astonishingly consistent history all
through from the beginning Muslims have
waged jihad against unbelievers they're
still
doing it the doctrines haven't changed
and people need to know this history
because there is no indication now that
anything is going to be different in the
encounters of Muslims and non-muslims
today Robert you raised a really really
interesting point when in your opinion
you're a scholar of this subject matter
one of the most pronounced I would argue
when do you think the sanitization of
history with regards to we Muslims have
treated Christians Jews atheists Hindus
etc and it's interesting you bring up
India quick digression a few years back
I was involved in a deal and two of the
investors for Indian one Hindu one
Christian and they would rant about this
they would rant it is right after 9/11
actually it's went down more than a few
years ago and they would rant that no
one was talking about what Muslims have
done in India and if people only knew
the Liberals in America would have a
much different view of it and I don't
know if we'd ever convinced the left an
American have a different view but when
do you think the sanitization of history
started with regards to Islam and this
false narrative crept in that it's a
religion of peace that they've lived in
tolerance with Jews and Christians and
all other faiths is this how far does
that go back John you know I actually
have this in the book it goes back about
500 years when Martin Luther the founder
of the the Protestant understanding of
Christianity he was engaged of course in
a lot of attacks on the Pope and the
Catholic Church and at that time in 1517
the Ottoman Empire the last Caliphate
was encroaching upon Europe from the
east and was actually in Eastern Europe
and was advancing and Martin Luther
actually said don't go and fight the
Ottomans the Pope is even worse and it's
no good to ally with the Pope against
the Ottomans he was just engaging in
intra Christian polemic and I think he
was exaggerating a little bit because
later on he did agree that yes we need
to fight and resist the Ottomans and
there were Lutheran's who joined in that
but he is the beginning of the idea that
Islam was really peaceful and nothing to
worry about that wasn't his intention
but it kept going the British then
spread the same idea when they allied
with the Ottomans in the middle of the
19th century to try to sell it to their
people they started to spread the idea
that Islam is a religion
peace and then of course we have to
mention George W Bush right after 9/11
and I think there's a real wallop in
this book after you read about 14
centuries of unbroken consistent bloody
jihad warfare then you have George W
Bush after 9/11 going into the mosque
and saying Islam is a religion of peace
it puts it in a context that makes it
really jolting that he would have been
so detached from reality I want to keep
bringing you these segments every day to
help me do it
by subscribing to our premium service at
www
