a few years ago a video went viral on
Facebook and it was of a man I called
Tom Walker and he was playing a
character called Johnathan pie and he
was a news reporter and he was outside
Westminster ranting and raving and
suddenly he's off-camera and he thinks
he's off-camera he's ranting and raving
against the politicians and it was huge
and people loved it and they loved it
not because they were left-wing like Tom
Walker they loved it because it was an
anti politician message and that's a
very very easy thing to to agree on
whatever side you're on and this Tom
Walker guy has become more and more
famous as time went by and really what
what people appreciated him most for
recently was his defensive count thank
you oh the one with the adorable Nancy
pug this is what he did outside the
court after count ankle was sent to
court just watch this video he was
convicted because the judge believed he
was inciting racial hatred its pug dog
he was mocking Nazis I'll tell you where
else in history
you'd be convicted of a crime for
teaching your dog to mock Nazis Nazi
Germany you'd about the Gestapo kicking
your door in see I love that and I'm so
glad to see it coming from the left I
mean it happened with Ricky Gervais
David Baddiel other people stood up for
Kant angular as well and so what we saw
here is some people on the left actually
standing up and saying hang on a minute
regardless of political opinion here
some people might not be the monsters
that they're being made out to be count
thank you are being one of them actually
I mean if he if he's political now I
know that he definitely wasn't political
before but I'm sure he probably is more
political now after what happened to him
so Jonathan Pie's taken up this mantle
of free speech and I saw a video on
Facebook that I wanted to just look show
you today and it's a video from Channel
4 News where he's talking about freedom
of speech and he's right about some
things which I'll tell you in a minute
but he's wrong about the fundamental the
fundamental principle that he mentions
here so just have a quick watch of this
freedom of speech is an immovable right
for horrible people as well as nice
people if you're a horrible person if
you're a racist for example
I want to hear it you know as long as
you're not inciting hatred as long as
you're not inciting violence if your
opinion is that you're the color of your
skin makes you superior to me because of
the color of my skin you should be able
to say it because then I can argue
against you if it's illegal for you to
say it it bubbles up so that's just the
general see I think he's right about
that I think he's absolutely right that
curtailing freedom of speech allows
horrible ideas to bubble up I know a lot
of young lads from years ago when my
first foray into politics young angry
white lads who've just been forgotten
about and I tried to bring them round to
a more moderate position I really tried
and it failed and some of these lads now
that I knew are anti-semites neo-nazi
Titus Minh some are even in prison and
their extremist their real if you want
to talk about the far-right in Britain
these guys are the far-right and I don't
think that had to happen I don't think
these people are born with hatred in
their hearts that they're taught to hate
and it's because of laws that could tell
their freedom of speech it's because
that young white men are told from an
early age that they are everything
that's wrong in the world the left are
creating the extremists that they fear
and what the left don't realize is that
we fear them as well we don't want
people to go down these extremist
radical routes but they do so Jonathan
pie
or should I say Tom Walker is right
about this but it's the next bit that
I'm really interested in humor and an
offense are so subjective they're so so
similar I remember going to see Frankie
Boyle and he's an acquired taste I think
he's wonderful I think he's brilliant I
think it's a brilliant writer I remember
going to see him at the Hammersmith
Apollo and I was sat there and I thought
it was wonderful show and there were two
or three points over that night where I
went Oh Frankie too much and all around
me people were laughing and then five
minutes later so I was offended I was
offended five minutes later I'm laughing
and the guy next to me is going ah no it
says it all and I just think
it amazes me that the the left aren't
really scared that the right seem to
have claimed freedom of speech as their
thing the idea that Katie Hopkins and
Tommy Robinson are the only people that
are shouting about freedom of speech
doesn't prove that freedom of speech is
a right wing idea see that's where he's
wrong
first off I actually reject his idea of
what right wing means the two people he
mentioned there Tommy Robinson and Katie
Hopkins they're worlds apart on many
issues you know the idea that it's just
the right that is talking about freedom
of speech now is nonsense and but his
suggestion that the right have just
decided we'll have that and we're gonna
take freedom of speech is an issue it
suggests two things it suggests one that
we just saw a gap in the market and
decided to take it and secondly it
suggests that the left have just
forgotten about freedom of speech but
that's not the case he's about to say
now though after running scared and and
and the left of running scared them left
of scared to say that they are Pro
freedom of speech because they're that
they don't want to be branded right wing
they're after us running scared of
talking about freedom of speech because
they don't want to be branded right wing
that's just wrong with respect it's
wrong the left know perfectly well that
they are opposing freedom of speech they
are actively opposing it that's the
whole point of hate speech laws they're
not scared of being Pro free speech
they're just not Pro free speech because
they want to contact curtail what we say
and the reason the left one I could tell
what we say is because the world is
changing we've got Trump we've got
multiple populist leaders throughout
Europe we've were leaving the European
Union things are changing and suddenly
the the right isn't there radical crazy
group that it was maybe 10 years ago
we're not the crazy ones and the left
I've noticed this and that's why they're
really ramping up these freedom of
speech laws now is because they don't
want us to do any better he says though
after running skirt
I'll tell you who's running scare that's
the normal people of this country who
see people being locked up for jokes
they are terrified so no the right
hasn't just decided we're going to take
that
but Jonathan PI Tom Walker if if you
think the left should be talking about
freedom of speech and promoting it then
more power to you brilliant and I hope
they do and I know the only reason
they're left will ever support freedom
of speech if they ever do is because
they think that were crazy enough to be
seen through but I mean we'd cost no
that's not the case
so all the more power to jonathan pie
and all these people talking about
freedom of speech but to suggest that
we've just taken it as a right-wing idea
and that's wrong if you like that and
want to see more remember to like and
subscribe and download the new rebel app
from the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store
you
