Donald Trump has been thinking about
Korea for many years though he's being
tough but open-minded ready to fight but
hoping to negotiate a deal that's sort
of what he does here listen to Trump
almost twenty years ago on the subject
and they are developing nuclear weapons
and they're not doing it because they're
having fun doing it they're doing it for
a reason and wouldn't it be good to sit
down and really negotiate something and
ideally negotiate know if that
negotiation doesn't work you better
solve the problem now than solve it
later Tim and you know it and every
politician knows it and nobody wants to
talk about it
I say again it's too soon to tell if
this is real South Korea wants this so
badly they're probably the worst
negotiators in the world right now
they're so thirsty for this they'd
practically do anything for peace or at
least something that looked like peace
Trump is tougher though we know that but
all the fancy people said Trump is a
fool especially when he engaged in his
Twitter diplomacy over the last few
months but he was showing Kim jong-un
who the real tough guy was do you
remember some of trumps tweets like this
one in particular I mean Kim jong-un was
boasting about having a nuclear button
and Trump posted right back saying my
button is much bigger and more powerful
and my button works that's what he said
I mean it's that high school locker talk
is that guy talk is that braggadocio
sure of course it is but what do you
think works with a reclusive tyrant from
the Hermit Kingdom as North Korea is
called Kim jong-un is so insecure he has
spies spying on his spies he has
literally had his own family members
assassinated he's so paranoid and yes
his missile program sometimes works and
sometimes doesn't he gets by on bravado
to his own people and to the world
certainly he intimidates South Korea
that was good reason but Donald Trump
can out provide Oh anyone can't he was
it obvious that's what he was doing with
that tweet I mean for the fifth time let
me recommend to you the book the art of
the deal where Trump explicitly
describes the reasons for his tactic of
making outrageous statements outrageous
demands hyperbole shock Trump writes
about that as a negotiating tool he
knows how he sounds he knows what he's
doing
only the fools on the left in Hollywood
in Washington would think
a successful man a billionaire a
president who beat the odds time and
again was really just a grade-school
troll on Twitter as a part that supposed
to that being part of a larger strategy
his strategy just worked so far at least
but Trump has been conducting major
military exercises in the region by the
way if Trump's tweets didn't work well
his aircraft carriers would you want to
talk about negotiating tactics literally
this month
Trump deployed thousands of US troops in
combination with 300,000 South Korean
troops in a training exercise that's how
you negotiate that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
