terror took lease in Toronto on Monday
afternoon a madmen got behind the wheel
of a rented cargo van and he transformed
that vehicle into a wheeled weapon as he
careened down a busy young Street
sidewalk teeming with pedestrians in the
aftermath 10 were pronounced dead with
at least another 14 injured it was a
mindless despicable act and one that was
carried out allegedly by 25-year old
Alec Minassian a socially awkward man
whose motive appears to be resentment
towards women joel Warmington has been
covering this mindless massacre for the
Toronto Sun since day one and they
caught up with Joe at the scene of the
crime to get his thoughts on this
horrific new chapter in Toronto's
history more and more information is
coming in every day about Alec Minassian
the 25 year old suspect that carried out
this terrible thing that happened on
Monday what do we know about him so far
I mean drips and drabs of information
are coming out that first of all that he
might have been afflicted with
Asperger's syndrome I said that stuff
because you know Asperger's and autism
and these things they've got nothing to
do with this even even if he was
diagnosed with it and it's sort of
tarred you know the whole community
there's all kinds of people with those
kinds of issues and they're not violent
and all this I'm not trying to paint I
know you weren't doing that but I there
was a lot of excuse shopping going on
you know it's just like with the
situation of Humboldt you and I've
talked about that there was people
putting over the thing was half of let's
feel sorry for the truck-driver movement
now maybe he deserves to be felt sorry
for I don't know but we don't even know
what what happened yet there and it's
the same thing here I mean you know what
minutes after within an hour or two
after hearing this stuff about autism
and all the experts going on talking
about autism then we find out he's in
the military for 16 very briefly yeah
yeah and he's in the military training
at Sejong sireesha low in near north of
Montreal
which is where
mass with Warrant Officer Patrice
Vincent was when he was killed and I
went to that too and and he was
interesting because this guy that did
that was radicalized there and I was
outside the mosque working on that story
when you know the next day cirillo was
Nathan Cirillo was taken out in Ottawa
so then I went to Ottawa but the bottom
line is what I'm getting at is that I
leave all doors and all ideas open
out-of-the-box thinking when it comes to
this guy Alec Minassian and I don't rule
out you know I know that we're talking a
lot about insel you're gonna ask me
about that but I don't rule anything out
with this and just just so people and
that that's a shortened form for
involuntarily a celibate until this
tragedy happened I had no idea Joe that
there was such a movement I went to the
insult me website I felt like taking a
shower and fumigating my computer
afterwards just full of the worst rancid
hate imaginable but it's it's a
community of people that seem to males
that can't seem to form a sexual
relationship with a female and they're
full of hatred about that I'm not saying
that people in this community act out
their frustrations by violence but it
appears that he was a member that was
posted in his facebook posting that the
rebellion you know was beginning and he
did it in homage to that guy that did
the similar act with a gun in California
and so we shouldn't discount it and look
at to me this is all terrorism I mean it
doesn't matter what the ideology is this
did happen this is an act of terror
right here in Toronto we belong to that
list a lot of people particularly the
left are trying to say no angry white
man and all of that nonsense this guy
really it's the same as the autism thing
it's just another nonsensical argument
it's got nothing to do with anything
this is this happened and this is the
guy who allegedly did it but you know
this whole whole idea that it has
something or that movement in cell is
something to do with every other man is
outrageous
hey that was an excerpt from my show
rebel roundup where we discussed the
week's top stories with your favorite
rebels to see my show and more sign up
to become a Premium Member today
you
