it is not a conspiracy theory people
will call us a conspiracy theorist but
it's not I showed the clip in my opening
about a teacher speaking to other
teachers at a conference about Shoji one
two three and she is specifically
telling the teachers not to use the
words boys and girls to address boys and
girls and she equated it to racism when
we divided the sexes this way it is
crazy
it really is and Glenn Hansen the
president of the be CTF this is his
thing as well we have clips of him
saying you know you know that we don't
need to be addressing boys and girls we
don't use that in other languages you
know and and it's his whole desire as an
LGBTQ activist to come and step into our
schools and basically change our culture
I have some exciting news though Sheila
I was just in Saskatchewan and there a
couple of teachers drove two and a half
hours in order to meet with me the
exciting news is is that as parents are
beginning to be aware of this and also
teachers you teachers out there you have
a choice apparently they are saying that
so G one two three is you know
completely subjective and it's not
mandatory
although principals and some people are
feeling a lot of pressure especially
from the BC TF president telling them
that they might lose their teaching
licenses well that's sort of fascism
isn't it and so he's in you know impute
in his ideology on to everybody else to
teach but as teachers are rising up as
parents are rising up the good news is
is that they are beginning to change the
language even in the Shoji curriculum
they're starting to rewrite parts like
when they see our interview Sheila they
go oh you know what they're all upset
about this yeah okay well you know let's
pull this back but here's the thing
we're not going to be happy until every
last bit of this is out of the schools
you may not tell our children
that they are you know gender-fluid that
right there all of that the gender
fluidity stuff it has to go if you want
to have a great anti-bullying program
there are people that have great
curriculums for anti-bullying no
Christian kid should be bullied
no Muslim kid should be bullied no gay
or lesbian kid or trans kid should be
bullied there should not be bullying but
you do not have to incorporate the
teaching of an ideology that is
offensive it's unscientific it tramples
on the rights of Canadians that is not
Canadian and it is not OK and I'll tell
you what Sheila it's only just beginning
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I talk
to the real news makers the mainstream
media ignores to get access to my show
in all of our other premium content
click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
