I filed an access to information request
about the federal government's Christmas
time post about Santa becoming a climate
refugee and the document I got back is
the single greatest thing that I have
ever received from the federal
government in my entire life policy
horizons Canada is a government agency
that describes themselves as a foresight
and knowledge organization was in the
federal public service they say through
scanning and foresight they anticipate
emerging policy challenges and
opportunities in a rapidly changing in
complex world they even say their work
supports the medium-term policy
development by the Government of Canada
policy horizons Canada are supposed to
be the big thinkers the forward thinkers
of the entire public service they're
supposed to be the smartest guys in the
room and they decided they should
outrage everybody at Christmastime this
past year you see policy of horizons
Canada decided to make a post to their
official government website at Christmas
time saying that Santa is moving to the
South Pole now the post blamed rising
global temperatures rapidly melting
Arctic ice and growing human operations
in the North that led Santa to sign an
agreement with the international
community to relocate his village to
operate in the South Pole the post went
on to say that Santa's relocation marks
the first time in the international
community that everyone agreed on a
common legal definition of climate
change that includes refugees as
corporations as well as individuals the
sheer stupidity of this post made
international news it was on Fox News
you guys so we filed an access to
information request into policy horizons
because we wanted to know how this crazy
stupid post was born we wanted to know
who is involved in the planning how the
planning
and and why no one had a gut check about
how stupid this would turn out and what
we got back I'm in love with I'm
literally in love with this document I
went to Staples and printed out all 62
pages of it and I keep it on my desk
beside my computer and I read it when I
need a little pick-me-up it is 62 pages
of pure gold it is everything that I
laugh at about the government it's
everything I can't stand about the
government but it is also everything I
love about severely normal people
wrapped up in 2/3 of 100 pages and I
have to share it with you I can't keep
this thing to myself I feel like it's
such a good access to information
document that I might not even deserve
it but I think you deserve it
and the first batch of emails back and
forth you can see how clever the
bureaucrats think they are as they draft
a crazy post here on page 2 you can see
that there's a team of bureaucrats sort
of workshopping different ideas about
how best to use Santa Claus for
propaganda purposes they call these
things Christmassy weak signals now one
of their ideas was Santa using
artificial intelligence to build a
naughty or nice list another idea that
they had was Santa making it big with
Bitcoin and then they had Santa using 3d
printing but the one they finally went
with was that Santa was now relocating
to the South Pole because he's a climate
refugee because you're going to kill him
with climate change now in this email
from one bureaucrat to the other you can
tell how they really feel about this
terrible idea these are so awesome
Valerie Izzy break the internet with the
visuals and layouts oh my lord
another bureaucrat says Jen these are
great these are my favorite emails
because it shows the bureaucrats think
they're so smart it's so clever and so
funny and they think everyone is just
going to love their post about turning
Santa into a climate refugee but they're
also so out of touch with normal people
and they have no idea what's about to
hit them like a Christmas blizzard and
hit these out-of-touch cubicle dwelling
bureaucrats with hate on for santa claus
was us and really all of you you see I
did a story about how gross I thought it
was that the Liberals were using Santa
to push both their pro climate change
and pro refugee agenda way back when
they first did this dump thing I thought
it was creepy and it was weird that
nonpartisan government workers would
think it was a great idea to use Santa
something so geared towards children and
happiness to fear monger about two of
the Liberals most favorite things and
that prompted the Canadian public to
hammer this bureaucracy with criticism
and emails asking them just what the
heck they were thinking in the first
place
and in this amazing access to
information document I actually got to
see the emails that the Canadian public
sent now I'd like to share some of them
with you if I could now some of the
emails have rough language in them and
I'm not going to share those with you
although we will post the document in
its entirety so if you want to read them
go ahead and do it on your own time
they're pretty funny but I think you can
get the gist of all of this without me
reading profanity and then giggling my
way through the rest of the video let's
go to page 12 this joke is in poor taste
what a joke my taxes go to such a waste
page 17 are you people nuts leave Santa
alone how on earth would you think this
is a good idea just stop it there are
certain things in this world that are
sacred and Santa is one of them quit
messing with traditions please
signed a fed-up name redacted page 19
this is just idiotic not humorous at all
disgusting I pay taxes so you have so
much spare time on your hands
page 21 actually has someone asking
questions after my very own heart this
is a ridiculous waste of staff resources
and taxpayer money I would like to know
how many staff hours were used on this
and why it is posted to an official
government website like it is factual
evidence
of climate change make jokes about
climate change on your own time not
while you're on the government payroll I
would like a response as to who is
responsible for posting this I look
forward to your response page 22
everyone in your office are truly awful
humans
page 23 no doubt you have managed to
convince yourself you play a critical
role in shaping our perspective however
the terminology and phrasing in your
publications your opinions and views are
your own and do not carry the support of
myself or any Canadian citizen I know I
think you are critically out of touch
heavily biased and clearly lack ability
to understand current issues let alone
future ones impacting the people of this
country you make me feel ashamed to be
Canadian okay just one more someone here
on page 28 is talking about Santa and he
says Santa is just sick of your arrogant
worthless attitudes that is why no
Democrats moved here they are only so
stupid okay okay what just one more page
34 you go a long way to proving how
bloated and overfed the government is
getting on our tax money anyway you get
where I'm going with this the backlash
was swift and snarky and hilarious they
got kicked around by the public for the
better part of I don't know a week or so
and then reporters wanted to talk to the
bureaucrats about their dumb post and it
left the bureaucrats scrambling for
talking points they actually had to
prepare lines to deal with media
inquiries about this post anyway I could
talk about this access to information
report forever I could do ten more
stories on it and enjoy doing every
single one we'll make sure that we post
it so you can read all of these
responses for yourself and as for me
this information document was an early
Christmas gift all the way from Santa at
the South Pole I must have been so good
this year for the rebel media I'm Shiela
gunnery
what you just saw there is my daily
video here at the rebel but did you know
that I have my own weekly full-length
show we discuss issues facing Canadian
families but to get access to my show
and the rest of our amazing premium
content you've got to become a rebel
subscriber today
