let me read you something Sheikh Osama
may Allah be pleased with him was the
greatest and deserves praise for kicking
off this jihad the brave warriors of al
Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the
new swath Shabbat should join Islamic
state who made this statement well in
case you can't read the title of this
video that was said by a professor check
it out
Kent State University in Ohio suspended
in booted history professor Giulio Pino
off campus after the dude apparently
lied to the FBI during an investigation
you might think that red green hat means
he's a big fan of Christmas if you
didn't catch the thin little black strip
at the top
it seems instead to be a pro-palestinian
hat so he probably doesn't have much
love for the fat man in the red suit
anyway the FBI says Giulio Pino had a
conversation with a man identified as je
in which je told Pino I will kill
hundreds of people if they take my
rights as a father away hell tens of
thousands it's time for men to act like
men again see the thing I've got on my
side is God that allows me certain
rights one of those rights is to strike
down evil with furious vengeance people
don't even know how crazy I am yet
that's because no one's ever tried to
take my relative they're about to meet
to the monster they've created pop quiz
time did the professor a report Jay eats
the cops B urged caution in dealing with
infidels or see you respond by saying
devour them if you guess see you're
probably right
even though Pino denies it but come on I
mean look at some of these photos he put
on Facebook while he denies supporting
Isis here are some nice Isis militants
he used as a cover photo oh look here he
is by the Capitol he must really love
America just ignore the caption where he
says I told Zia Jarrah one of the 9/11
hijackers to head for the Capitol but
did he listen no yep nothing nefarious
there Pino also shouted death to Israel
at a speech by a former Israeli official
and contributed to global war which was
a jihadist news service that called for
the slaughter of Jews and American
soldiers the professor was previously
investigated for saying the White House
would need more body bags when emailing
other professors and in an open letter
to pro-israel academics said they're
responsible for cold-blooded calculated
killing saying their names are scrawled
on every bullet fired bomb dropped body
buried in burnt forehead in Gaza he
suggests that these scholars collaborate
with fascism
saying we both know the fate of
collaborators and closes it with jihad
until victory Wow if he knows this
brazen with his views in front of
professors imaginary treats students who
aren't his peers but instead his
subordinates or treated them I should
say he's off-campus for now and plans to
retire in spring 2018 for campus
unmasked I'm Rob chin shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
