teenagers being ripped for saying grace
a travel ban decision coming soon and an
update on the Fresno State professor all
of that today on the rebel buzz prepare
to be both puzzled and a little
disgusted this week a photo went viral
of teenagers blessing their meal at an
Oakland California Longhorns Steak House
on the biggest night of their school
year they took time to thank their
creator and show gratitude for whenever
15 16 17 18 year olds are grateful for
just life maybe or maybe for passing
chemistry but the original post came
from the mother of one of the teenagers
who along with the photo said this I
want to share a picture of my daughter
and her friends from prom night
now with the stories today about
teenagers and Tide Pods and condoms
gathering headlines this picture speaks
for itself
the photo was reposted by a journalist
at KTVU in Oakland
Frank Somerville and he said in his post
so impressed with these young people on
their prom date at longhorn they all
said grace before eating and we're all
well behaved
now while being well behaved should be
yet or no standard unfortunately in
today's society it's not so common but
the truly alarming aspect of this is the
reactions that ensued from the post
people actually took offense to this
post making their own assumptions about
the connection between these kids
praying and them being good people a
commenter named Anouk green said this no
offense but saying grace doesn't mean
any of those things I've known people
who do exactly this kind of stuff in
public but who are the most hypocritical
hateful jerks in private not saying
these kids are like that but just
assuming they're great based on this is
a taking quite a leap and be kind of
implying people who don't believe can't
possibly be on the same level oh my gosh
really Anouk do you have any idea how
big of an ass you look like right now
you're taking an innocuous post about
kids a post praising them for being
well-behaved and grateful and spewing
this bitter nonsense who's the hateful
one stop being so triggered you idiot I
don't see any
of that post that implied that only
Christians who say blessings are good
people do you
good grief people get a life and in
judicial and National Security News the
Supreme Court will likely be deciding on
the travel ban very soon as you all know
there have been three different rollouts
of this precautionary order aimed at
keeping us safe the latest applying to
travelers from Syria Iran Libya Somalia
and Yemen the first version was struck
down the second version was approved in
an amended version and this third one is
now going through the judiciary process
with the nation's highest court now
after obstacles upon obstacles including
but not limited to federal judge
blockades the state of Hawaii suing over
the banned appellate courts limiting the
ban this final ruling should be the end
of it but who will be the deciding judge
it appears Justice Anthony Kennedy the
frequent swing vote will tip the scales
president Trump's remarks on the
campaign trail regarding his desire to
block certain Muslim countries from
gaining immediate admittance to the
United States without proper vetting
might actually play a role in the
decision as reported by Politico Justice
Kennedy expressed concerns about
second-guessing the president's response
to national security threats but also
seemed wary of declaring that a
president statements on the campaign
trail can't be used to assess his
actions and while many on the left are
barking that this is an act of bigotry
and Islamophobia the details in fact
surrounding the band show otherwise the
countries listed in this band and also
other countries who are no longer listed
in the band do not have stable
infrastructure and our failed states
meaning it is impossible to vet an
immigrant or traveler from that country
in a nation such as these where criminal
records are not kept to the extent that
we need them to be or even not at all
admitting them into the United States
would be likely Russian Roulette we
simply cannot afford to gamble on the
intentions of these people and hopefully
soon the Supreme Court will agree and
allow the ban to continue
and wrapping up today's rebel buzz Randa
Jarrar it appears will likely not be
fired from Fresno State Randa gerar is
the Fresno State professor who tweeted
vile and inappropriate things about the
passing of former first lady barbara
Bush many were outraged on both sides of
the aisle but Gerar argued that she made
those statements as a private citizen
not as an employee of the University and
while I don't personally personally
believe that the professor should be
fired for her tweets alone her tweets
indicate what seems to me to be an
inability to be effective in the
classroom and shouldn't that be a
fireable offense you're hired to do a
job specifically teach if your judgment
is so clouded by hate and Prejudice and
bitterness how can you possibly do your
job effectively now outside of
terminating Gerar fresno state also
decided that no disciplinary issue
action would be taken because she did
not violate any of the terms of her
employment but here's the glory of the
free market whether she's fired or not
many people namely many donors touching
are displeased with her continued
employment at Fresno State a donor by
the name of egged uncle jr. who is a
large donor with the university has
decided to suspend his contributions
until a final outcome is announced he
told the Fresno Bee I have a lot of
friends that I've been talking to and
these are people who donate now and
talking about holding back and some are
even questioning whether to send their
kids to Fresno State I don't blame them
let me tell you I love my alma mater
with every ounce of my being but if an
Auburn University professor ever pulled
this shenanigans
I would absolutely close my checkbook
end of story
what do you guys think let us know
everybody have a great weekend thanks so
much for watching I'm Amanda head for
the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us over here at
the rebels subscribe to our premium
content at WWWE afore word / shows and
make sure you're following us on
Facebook and Twitter for all of our
latest news also download our new app
for the rebel media on the App Store
download it and you will have access to
all of our latest videos and your
favorite rebel shows thanks so much for
watching I'm Amanda head for the rebel
