look what's really going on here this
was a horrific mass murderer looks to me
like they caught the guy pretty clearly
I won't prejudge it myself
he's still not convicted but we all saw
the video of his takedown and let's say
for a moment that the Facebook post is
not only authentic but it really shows
his motivation
he couldn't have sex and women who
spurned him and he hated them and he
hated the men who were successful so did
you see what the Liberals have done
they've tied that crime somehow to the
all right that's what patty Hyde you
said now what's the old right now I
understand the term if I do it's white
nationalism it's racism now Alex
Minassian himself is isn't typically
considered white he's is our meaning you
can seize its kidding call it again into
racial taxonomy I I don't think the
alt-right had called him white I don't
know his religion I don't know if it's
even possible for him to be alright
but his ideology again with all the kb
'it's that if that was him who did the
murders if that was him on the facebook
page if that was his motivation what
does being mad about not having a
relationship have to do with white
nationalism and being all right elliot
rodger wasn't white either by the way
his mum was Malaysian his stepmom was
Moroccan this isn't a race thing this
isn't a conservative thing this is a
sexual frustration thing maybe in Rogers
case it was a mental illness thing looks
like that could be the case with
Minassian too but so what right I mean
never let a crisis go to waste that's
the left-wing rule the liberal cabinet
has all agreed this was a right wing
terrorist attack oh right to use their
catch-all phrase and so they're
demanding the web giant's Facebook
Google YouTube Twitter they all have to
stop it but you can't stop people who
feel snubbed in a relationship that's
that's all of us surely at one point or
another in our lives you can't stop
people from moaning or complaining about
their relationships that's
have to chatter on social media for
young people you can't ban that even if
you would have seen Minassian alleged
post a week ago you'd say okay it's a
bit kooky a bit obscure a little bit
emotional but but that's it that there's
literally no way you could censor every
emotional whoa or every lamentation
about a date gone wrong you could you
couldn't and of course that is not what
Melanie Joly wants to do or patty hi do
their goal is to use this mass murder as
proof that they need the power to censor
their opposition but their normal
natural mainstream mentally healthy of
political opponents it's exactly what
Justin Trudeau himself told Facebook a
few months ago you censor political news
we don't like before the next election
or will punish you it's got nothing to
do with what happened in the North
Toronto street it's got nothing to do
with stopping actual crimes got nothing
to do with emotionally bent Amen it's
got everything to do with censoring
their political opponents and labeling
any political dissident any political
dissent as old right and hate speech and
then banning it as if it's a criminal
act that's what's going on here that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
