the May elections just around the corner
now May 3rd is the local elections
across the country a few mayoral
elections as well and all the postal
votes have gone out so you can guarantee
that Labour Party's got quite a lot
seats already in the bag we know how
good the Labour Party is using the
postal voting system but there's a story
of that I've just seen here in the
Evening Standard and it says police
probe launched over a postal boat abuse
in Hammersmith and Fulham local election
who woulda thunk hey hey
it says Scotland Yard is probing
allegations of postal vote mail
practices in a keyboard for the May 3rd
local elections 11 cases in Hammersmith
and Fulham have been reported to police
including some where residents say
they've been issued with postal votes
they did not request officers are
understood to have spoken to some
individuals who believe they were
tricked into applying for a postal vote
now what we've seen in the past is what
happens is families immigrant families
with a lot of people in the house will
all or get postal votes and the local
candidate from a particular party will
help them fill it in and of course that
guarantee themselves lots and lots of
lovely votes there's also just flat-out
fraud which we saw in Tower Hamlets but
seeing this and thinking about the
postal vote thing because I know how
hard it is especially for a smaller
parties trying to break through because
I've done political campaigns for years
the postal vote was a nightmare because
you know the minute those postal votes
go out if you've not done enough
campaigning yet if you're a few men on
the street haven't got enough leaflets
out yet you're going to get hammered by
labour but I found some statistics I
just wanted to share with you just to go
with this story and it shows the postal
votes issued and used between 1945 and
2015 and if you look at this graph here
1945 to 1997 the percentage of votes
that were postal votes is roughly the
same between 1945 and 1997 and then
somehow between 1997 and 2015 a lot of
people became disabled a lot of people
couldn't leave the house and a lot of
people were suddenly on holiday on May
3rd or at least the first Thursday in
May so isn't it interesting how between
1997 we've gone from what's this number
here it's it's literally just a handful
of percentage points in 97 to
percent in 2015 now what does this tell
you a way to believe more people are
disabled more people around holiday or
more people are just too lazy to go out
and vote or is something going on here
our political party's encouraging people
to get their postal votes out because it
guarantees them early votes easier votes
and they can kind of control what people
do when they help them fill it in just
something to think about I really want
to see postal vote scrapped actually I
think you should really have to prove
that you categorically 100% cannot make
it to the polling station that day if
you're I don't know if you've got cinema
tickets planned that day then sorry it's
either vote or go to the cinema but if
you're in in hospital with a broken leg
then fair enough so I think it's time we
reviewed the postal vote system what do
you think actually why not look go in
the comments of this video I've seen of
our youtubers do this maybe we should
start doing it as well let me know in
the comments what you think should we
get rid of the postal vote system or is
it too important if you like that and
want to see more please like and
subscribe and also download the rebel up
from the Google Play Store and the Apple
App Store
you
