you should spread around the rep the
refugees around Ontario we should start
with my back while back is perfect for
them oh really yeah well in a bid to
ease pressure on Quebec the federal
government is going to start sending
refugees and migrants to Ontario if that
is indeed their preferred destination
but is this a good idea I mean after all
the reason why they're coming to Ontario
is that Quebec social services and
health care system is being overloaded
well we felt it coming breakdown here
new Yonge Dundas Square in downtown
Toronto and say what people in the
street have to say about just ensure
those latest immigration plan in an
effort to relieve the pressure of Quebec
the federal government is going to be
sending refugees that Quebec has
accepted into Ontario do you think
that's a good idea
um
that is a great idea you should spread
around the rep the refugees around
Ontario we should start with Quebec
while back is perfect for them
oh really yeah well I mean they seem to
be overloading Quebec hospital system so
do you think we'll end up with the same
sort of problem no no we don't have wait
times here in Ontario we have lots of
room for refugees welcome tell me you
say we have lots of room with gene put
up a refugee in your house personally
okay we are they accept refugees all
right what other non today for them over
there they need a son you tell me sir
would you put up a refugee in your house
yeah well Tommy would you accept the
refugee into your own house
do you think justin trudeau would take
in some refugees himself into his own
house and put them up well I hope he
does hey folks the rebel has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rubble with you wherever you go
