why is the media party so gung-ho do you
assume that a fire at a Toronto hotel
was meant to harm refugees especially
when even the police aren't suggesting
that recently news broke that the
Toronto Radisson East Hotel which is
housing some 600 irregular immigrants
was targeted by an arsonist now security
footage indicates that someone appeared
to be intentionally starting a fire
within the hotel yet right off the bat
the narrative being embraced by most in
the media party was that the arson
attempt was presumably carried out by a
white supremacist who was targeting
visible minority migrants yes
Islamophobia was running wild at the
Toronto Radisson East what else could be
the reason for this attempt to burn the
hotel down um well maybe this act was
indeed motivated by a hateful racist or
just maybe it was a random act by a
random arsonist who had no clue who was
residing at the hotel because here's
what we do know nobody knows anything
for certain regarding this incident so
the question arises where was the media
getting its narrative from in the first
place this idea that the fire was a
criminal act motivated by bigotry or did
they just manufacture this narrative
that's odd because I thought the news
media was all about reporting the news
as opposed to manufacturing fiction
indeed the first source you would
interview regarding a crime would be the
police right yet here's what Toronto
police spokeswoman Megan gray had to say
quote I spoke with the detective earlier
today and there is no indication at this
time that the arson is an attack on
immigrants staying at the hotel
end quote well gee that's odd an order
still is that
these are the same media outlets who
lecturers about making knee-jerk
assumptions
whenever someone of the Islamic faith
carries out an atrocity we're all
admonished never to assume that such an
attack was an act of jihad and we are
told that religion was very likely not a
factor at all and of course and what has
increasingly become the default position
the gunman or the bomber or the driver
of the truck of peace on the sidewalk
was suffering from mental illness not
radicalization and thus deserves our
compassion not condemnation yet someone
lighting a fire in a hotel housing
refugees oh that's a slam-dunk done deal
isn't it obviously some maniac from the
outright is to blame indeed radio and TV
reports regarding the radisson arson
attempt consistently led with the line
anti-refugee sentiment is being blamed
for a fire at a Toronto hotel even
though there isn't a scintilla of
evidence to back up this statement why
is that I should note that there are or
I should say were numerous reviews on
TripAdvisor about the Toronto Radisson
East if anything the reviews point to
the hotel turning into a cesspool one
reviewer even remarked how a goat had
been slaughtered there which does not
appear to be true indeed content
anonymously posted on any website must
be taken with a shovel full of salt
which is why last week I decided to
check into this hotel for a first-hand
look I booked my reservation online and
paid for it by credit card but you know
folks a funny thing happened on the way
to my room a man called Raymond who
claimed to be the manager and at one
point the owner of the hotel assured me
into an office and told me that I was
persona non grata despite the fact that
I had paid more than $200 for a stay
over he said he knew who I was and what
I was up to and he said everything that
has been reported about the hotel is
false well that being the case I offered
Raymond the chance to come on camera and
tell his side of the story
well not only did Raymond decline he
informed me that if I did not leave the
property immediately he would call the
police and have me charged with
trespassing even though I was a
registered guest not wanting to spend a
night at the crowbar hotel courtesy of
the local constabulary I departed I then
reached out to reticence corporate
communications team they sent along a
prepared statement that reads in part
quote in response to the city of
Toronto's request the Radisson Hotel
Toronto East has been providing
temporary accommodations for asylum
seekers since mid-september while this
has become a controversial topic
recently in the media our sole
responsibility is to provide great
accommodations while ensuring the safety
and security of all our guests and
associates over the past several weeks
the hotel has been the target of several
false online reviews which have gone
viral and subsequently made their way
into both local and national media
coverage end quote
but here's the thing if the online
whistleblowers have it all wrong why
wouldn't the hotel jump at the
opportunity to set the record straight
wouldn't that be in the hotel's best
interest in the meantime regarding the
jump to conclusions behavior being
displayed by the media party regarding
the arsonist
I have to ask whatever happened to that
old journalism rule-of-thumb you know
get it first but first get it right
indeed because thanks to your leftist
bias your motto now guy seems to be
don't let the facts get in the way of a
good story for the rebel media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
