I need your help
Tommy Robinson was stopped off at a
motorway service station a gas station
and a whole bunch of lads with her army
lads in their camouflage gear and they
all wanted a photo with Tommy he did
loads of selfies and a group photo with
them that he then posted on social media
cue the outrage the Muslim Council of
Britain have had plenty to say about it
and Imam azim Hafiz Islamic religious
advisor to our British Armed Forces has
said that any form of extremism is taken
extremely seriously and now the army
spokesperson has come out and said
there's going to be a full investigation
and the lads have had their phones
confiscated this is simply not good
enough they are prepared to fight for
our freedom freedom that they are being
denied and we need to take action I need
you to go to stand with our lads calm
that stand with our lads calm and sign
the petition say that you will not
tolerate these lads being investigated
simply for having their photo taken with
Tommy Robertson and I will take that
petition with Tommy Robinson to general
Cernik Carter who is chief of the
Defence Staff please help me help Tommy
help stand with our lads calm and sign
the petition today
you
