heyyo Hillary Clinton and the entire
corrupt DNC that literally conspired to
help you win the primary for Bernie
Sanders I'm not surprised with you imma
let you finish but Beyonce had one of
the best platforms help the
african-american community of all time
of all time and she used it to tell
people they are victims and not victors
so I'm with Candace Owens Ben Davies is
this pure Hollywood now Kanye West was
made something of a living just
surprising people with talent shock and
sometimes crazy statements they have
just topped them all by tweeting out I
like the way Candace Owens thanks stop
the prices stop the presses and African
American celebrity is not following the
party line so what does Candace owens
think well after realizing the far-left
narrative of oppression systemic racism
and white privilege has actually been
damaging to the black community she
became a conservative activist and this
all could have been avoided if schools
would make you read Thomas soul and not
bell hooks but that's an entirely
different story go check out his new
book basically Candace has been on a
mission to help her community break the
psychological bonds of victimhood
promulgated by the left and rather be
Victor's responsible for themselves
tests shown by her getting shouted down
by black lives matter during most of her
speeches all in all what she thinks
seems pretty tame to me but kanye was
already knew firsthand the backlash you
face when you don't do what's expected
of you by the political left in 2016
this happened before his social media I
hate it
if you remember MTV released a video
entitled resolution for white guys where
they praised Beyonce and then condemn
Kanye West saying feel free to take
Kanye though you can have him you know
what you did Kanye so what exactly did
he do oh yeah he met with the President
of the United States in 2016
alright so let me just get this straight
even if you are in a so called
protective group that the left
promulgates and that crazy left-wing
ideology you must still think act and do
exactly what they tell you to or else
face backlash it seems pretty impressive
to me so yeah come over the counter
cultural conservative libertarian
movement Kanye we all welcome you and
anyone else who is a free thinker who
will stand against the shackles of
political correctness and identity
politics I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood in awesome news like super
awesome news you can now download the
rebel media app and take me with you and
have access to the entire rebel lineup
you
