remember canary mission I've used this
watchdog site to report on the pretty
vitriolic comments made by the so called
tolerant left against Israel and Jewish
people their stuff like University of
Houston student Tareq AB dose comments I
am gonna throw rocks at Jews this summer
and no one is stopping me and st. Xavier
University students amir al ha toes
barack obama shut up about gay marriage
and go kill all the jews and steadfast
support for Hamas well it turns out that
Israel is using canary mission to vet
people and even deny them entry to the
country let's take a look let me
introduce you to Laura Alka Sam she's
the former president of the University
of Florida's students for justice in
Palestine chapter and she recently tried
to gain entry to Israel officials
apparently spoke to Laura at the airport
and then forwarded her name on to the
strategic affairs and public diplomacy
ministry for continued handling due to
suspicion of boycott activity Israel has
a law preventing foreign nationals who
boycott the country from entering
Airport officials received five links
back from the ministry four were from
Facebook and one was from Canary mission
judging by Laura's profile on Canary
mission it doesn't look like the
decision to ban her was based on
statements she made threatening or
inciting violence like the ones I read a
minute ago the page only mentioned
something Lara personally did once which
was promoting the boycott divest and
sanction movement and instead mainly
focuses on the actions of the University
of Florida's SJP chapter of which she
was a member and one-time leader back in
2015 the chapter shared this article
from pro-palestinian site Electronic
Intifada entitled video death chanting
Israeli mob rejoices as Palestinian teen
is executed the Palestinian teen was
Fadi Elune who had posted either
martyrdom or victory on Facebook and
then hours later allegedly stabbed an
Israeli teenager the group also shared
this article Israeli settler shoots
kills teenage Palestinian boy in Hebron
with the caption free Palestine the 18
year old was allegedly shot while
attempting
to stab in Israeli the University of
Florida's SJP chapter had a protest and
hunger strike back in 2013 in support of
Samira sowwy a member of the Communist
Democratic Front for the Liberation of
Palestine who got 26 years in prison for
building and disseminating bombs as well
as firing on Israeli police and
civilians the group also supported res
Mia Oda part of the terrorist group
Popular Front for the Liberation of
Palestine and the brains behind a 1969
bombing that resulted in the deaths of
two college students in Jerusalem so
back to Laura she got denied entry to
Israel but countries do have ultimate
control over whomever they wish to admit
and Israel isn't the only country that
does it heck Katie Hopkins is banned
from South Africa let me know what you
guys think in the comments below for
campus unmasked I'm Rob Shem shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate
senesce details used in the forum on
campus on mass comm
