I'm feeling a little on the spot I don't
know that I want to be a media sensation
over this thing I was I happened to be
there the incident happened right behind
me somebody screamed I turned around I
saw the van I got out of its way you
were actually a potential target of the
van sir yeah he the targets or whoever
he could hit he hit people up and down
starting up by Finch Avenue coming all
the way south there's a stream of people
he had it was indiscriminate and and no
no rhyme or reason they drove down he
ended up coming south on Yonge Street
drove crossed here we chased him all the
way down by the whatever the name is
Street is done by the good life fitness
and then he went right and he had gotten
ahead of me I saw some police vehicles
coming we pointed where he went
they went chasing after sir exactly
where were you on Yonge Street when you
were almost struck by this vehicle the
area right by the Civic Centre there
there's food trucks and such right there
just Mel last mints where yeah Mel last
wing square and just a little bit south
of there where the sidewalks kind of
split there's a row of trees that kind
of separates it so he was on the road
side of the trees and so were you on the
sidewalk or on the road when this
happened a sidewalk I was right in front
of him and he was like 30 feet behind me
when I heard the screams and I jumped
out of the way at this point had he
mounted the sidewalk oh yeah he had
already hit he hit I don't know how many
people at the corner of Park home and he
drove down in the in front of the
buildings there the high-rises then he
got back on this came up on the sidewalk
and plowed right through in front of Mel
lassen square right for those food
trucks parked
well did you get a look at the driver
can you physically describe what he
looked like I can it was one one guy
driving a white van had a logo on the
side I think it was a rental van right
or perhaps it was but anyway I chased
him as far as I could but he was driving
I was running this is incredible used to
be
no but curled I find this incredible I
mean you're you're not in law
enforcement I take it you're an average
citizen and you're just mad it's the
world come to really do something do
something
lifelong Toronto resident Karl no I'm
from the states I'm up here working I've
just angry angry it's the only thing I
can say how people say this is the new
normal these random incidents what can
be done what would you like to see done
how how can anybody say that's normal
and what life is that normal it's human
decency really if you have an issue
raise an issue
you live in a democratic society raise
an issue my god is that what it's come
to
you indiscriminately kill people what
purpose does that serve what idiot
thinks that promotes a message or a
cause that's just idiocracy Karl I think
you're the if this was an intentional
act and it looks like it was you are the
polar opposite of that driver you are
running down after him you didn't know
if he was armed you didn't know if there
was a bomb in that van and I think in
that sense you're heroic well I don't I
don't consider it that way at all I
think that I did what most people would
do try to help the number of people who
flocked towards those people who are
hurt to try to help them start CPR there
was another guy chasing the van with me
and
everybody was trying to do what they
could to help so you know I is that
maybe the silver lining Carl in this
incident that people were running
towards the scene of the carnage as
opposed to away from it to help I don't
know that you could say anything is the
silver lining you know I I hate seeing
incidents where the first thing people
do is pull out their camera at their
phone to take a picture of it instead of
going to somebody's aid go to somebody's
aid and help you know help it's just
human decency well Carl I think it was
an incredible thing you did not knowing
the extent of how dangerous that could
be
you know you saw what this person first
hand was capable of so I don't know what
your your your family members are gonna
say once they hear that you ran after
this van at some point I'm not saying it
was necessarily smartest thing but I
didn't want him to get away didn't want
him to get away and really I was trying
to warn the people on the sidewalk in
front of them because you look up and
there's a van coming down the street you
know it's not normal and people kind of
pause and we were just yelling get out
of the way he's killing people well Carl
and my books are a hero even if you
don't think so but at the end of the day
you did something and maybe perhaps you
saved a life well I I don't know that I
deserve any of that accolades I just I
hope that the survivors are I hope they
can save some of them I know they
couldn't save all of them but it's just
horrific it's just horrific
you
