happy since George's day it's the 23rd
of April today and as always I'm
bringing you terrible news as what seems
to be my thing apologies in advance if
it I look a bit pink I'm sure a lot of
you were out enjoying the Sun over the
weekend as well I was as well and I
happen to be the whitest person alive
and Ike a bright pink and I'm itching
all over today so hope you had a great
weekend but now I'm about to bring you
down with some news about Telford now of
course you'll know in March we heard
about the Telford abuse scandal the
newspapers reported it is potentially
the worst grooming gang scandal with
over a thousand kids abused since the
1980s these kids were beaten and raped
and the authorities like with Rotherham
let the perpetrators go unpunished and
there was a horrible story if you
remember of Lucille oh and she died in a
house fire with her her mother and her
sister and because her abuser set the
house on fire and he went to prison for
murder he was sentenced for murder but
not for the sex abuse crimes and when
that happened to Lucille oh and her
family other girls didn't come forward
because they saw what happened to
Lucille oh then what's going to happen
to them all these poor girls didn't want
their families being killed there was
another story as well of Becky Watson as
she was killed in an unexplained car
accident in 2002 in Telford and it was
initially ruled as a prank that went
wrong but it soon turned out that
actually this thirteen year old girl had
been groomed by a grooming gang a Muslim
grooming gang or Asian as the newspapers
call it since the age of eleven and she
even wrote about it in her diary so
there's questions over that one as well
but despite all this stuff that came out
the local MP said that she feared there
wouldn't be a full inquiry some of the
council has even opposed it as well and
I guess we know why now recent news has
shown that politicians have been
involved in child abuse in Telford as
well we're talking three politicians
from Telford who've been involved in the
sexual abuse of children the son
reported social services chief among
three Telford politicians exposed as
child offenders amid scandal
Overtown shocking history of grooming
and abuse so the some reports that the
former Telford social services boss was
one of three that were exposed as
pedophiles in the area
a man called Graham bald he's a former
councillor and he prayed on a
fifteen-year-old boy in the 1980s and
was convicted of two indecent assaults
in 2001 as well but the fifteen year old
boy he admitted he knew was 15 now why
this guy was loud prison in the first
place I don't know I mean abusing young
boys young girls that should be life in
prison as far as I'm concerned you know
mentally scarring young boys and young
girls over things like this it's
despicable
it's unforgivable how can you ever let
anybody like that back out into society
to live normal lives they can't live
normal lives
they're pedophiles amazing but what's
amazing is he went on to become the head
of social services in Shropshire how
does that happen and the same victim was
abused by the Anglican vicar Reverend
Michael Keene according to the paper and
a third person a parish councillor
called grey and white took indecent
images of a fourteen-year-old girl is it
any wonder why all these years have gone
by and the Muslim grooming gang issue
has been ignored by the authorities have
been ignored by the council's swept
under a rug is it any wonder that that's
happened when it turns out that
politicians in many cases have been in
on it as well
some of these politicians are just
interested in keeping their job some of
them don't want to be exposed as bad
politicians some are just embarrassed
but some of them they're not only
complicit they're involved
they didn't just help other people do it
they were doing it themselves and is it
any wonder that there's been no inquiry
so far into this when we didn't know
anything about this stuff it looks like
there is gonna be an inquiry now it's
gonna be a council inquiry but there's
no government inquiry like the Jay
report and the Jay report was for rather
amande look what that uncovered 1,400
young girls over all those years the Jay
report was massive and when we've got a
government in power when we got
politicians in power who were so
obsessed with community cohesion did you
know by the way I'm interested in
community cohesion but their policies do
not create community care
but when they claim that they are
they'll ignore stuff like this there's
no way in hell that they want another
Jay report there's no way that they want
an official government inquiry into what
happened in Telford because it will
expose not just the problems with mass
Muslim immigration and the results in
our local communities but it exposed the
fact that their own people their
politicians have been doing it to
children as well so if there's something
we want to campaign on in Telford right
now it's it's to expose the politicians
as well as the grooming gangs and it's
also for a full government inquiry and
we'll find out exactly how bad it's been
in Telford
you
