members of the club took pictures as
police arrested the woman they accused
of the attack they believe she is part
of an Tifa she refused to speak to
investigators are you an auntie feh
activist and wants to be taken seriously
here's what you do
dye your hair orange so your clownish
appearance matches your clownish
ideology and then assault your local
called Republicans chapter with black
paint
that's when it antifa goon did at the
University of Washington he she it
didn't want to talk to investigators
afterwards because shocker it's not too
easy to rationalize assault against your
political adversaries the auntie fudge
in juror got charged with fourth degree
assault and will appear in court but the
very next day UW College Republicans
were under attack yet again there were
new protesters at the UW College
Republican table today and watch in the
background as a second protestor removes
the Republican banner from the table we
later asked if he had a dispute with the
college Republicans a particular
ideological I mean different can you
imagine being the video journalist
filming this and you really desperately
don't want to make a mockery out of any
of the parties involved but one party
just refuses to give any substantive
reason why they're acting like petulant
intolerant twerps I mean come on if
these people are a joke and I'm
indifferent made the final cut
imagine what other senseless garbage
they were spewing in a statement the
University said every student and member
of our community has a right to
peacefully express themselves without
fear of intimidation well thanks for the
boilerplate response UW actions speak
louder than words but sometimes at UW
actions are words and those words are
pretty scary free speech nonprofit fire
the foundation for individual rights and
education gave UW a yellow light rating
due to vague speech policies that could
be weaponized to punish students
but get this the UW Tacoma campus has
something even zanier its College
Writing Center has a poster that calls
American grammar a racist unjust
language structure the poster says
racism is the normal condition of things
and the center promises to prioritize
rhetoric over grammatical correctness
with correctness and scare quotes
presumably because basic rules of
English grammar are like everything else
these days just another social construct
for campus unmasked I'm Rob strim
shocked if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
