legalizing marijuana is back on the
to-do list in Australia after is
revealed as a key policy for the local
greens party now I think is really
interesting area for conservatives
because it can split them so one you got
libertarians who often support the
legalization of drugs as opposed to
social conservatives so I tend to take
that view now one of the things that
most annoys me in Australia and across
is this idea that the war on drugs you
keep hearing this table the war on drugs
has failed look I work with lots of
addicts in this space including say
advising legal authorities about a
handle people whose crimes might overlap
with drugs I can categorically say the
locally at least and I know it's similar
news countries like New Zealand Britain
and I suspect Canada also is that our
authorities go out of their way to let
people use drugs you have to be a very
major dealer before you have to do time
for drugs everywhere most of them argue
they got involved only because of their
own drug habit of course it's never
because they're actually one of the
money now hot our hospitals for example
especially mentors are full of people
addicted to amphetamines heroin and
other drugs none of them get arrested if
you're a heroin addict the state will
pay for your treatment program on opiate
replacement therapies like methadone it
won't cost you a thing in court
magistrates go out of their way to let
you keep using drugs just as long as you
undertake some kind of counseling or
treatment program they'll usually allow
people on a lesser criminal charges into
the hands of the health system to manage
now I don't entirely disagree with such
actions now I think there is a place for
compassionate absolutely what but I also
think there's a place for sticks as well
as carrots I mean sometimes it helps
many of these people in the longer term
now in my wider point with regards to
legalizing marijuana is that there
really is no war on drugs when you add
the facts that marijuana has been shown
to have significant mental health
effects especially in people who might
already have vulnerabilities I think
there are real risks to legalizing
marijuana and you look at the THC
content which is the active ingredient
marijuana
that's gone up several multiples since
the 60s when a lot of our boomer baby
boomer politicians were smoking it
Nomura's also the gateway drug the one
many more well the one that leads to
more serious drugs such as heroin
ecstasy and fit amazed they look I'm no
killjoy but it's a psychiatrist I think
there are real risks to legalizing
marijuana and giving the wider message
that it's just not a dangerous drug is a
real problem if you liked this video
subscribe to rebel media
you
