israeli-american actress Natalie Portman
you know it's funny whenever I do these
videos I feel like so many people ask me
who this person is but Natalie Portman
is one of the bigger actresses but if
you can't picture her face or you don't
know exactly who she is she's known for
her roles in the Black Swan in the Star
Wars trilogy and she played Jackie
Kennedy a few years ago anyway Natalie
Portman has ticked off her home country
of Israel by refusing a $1,000,000 award
the genesis prize known as the Jewish
Nobel the declared purpose of the prize
which gives the winner a million dollars
to spend on the Charities of his or her
choice is to celebrate Jewish
achievement and contribution to society
but she's got her side to guys only
listen to her she's an activist she's a
murderer
so she stated that the rationale behind
not attending the ceremony
well she blames on Israeli Prime
Minister Bibi Netanyahu in an Instagram
post she said this my decision not to
attend the Genesis Prize ceremony has
been mischaracterized by others let me
speak for myself I chose not to attend
because I did not want to appear as
endorsing Benjamin Netanyahu who was to
be giving a speech at the ceremony by
the same token I am not part of the BDS
movement and do not endorse it like many
Israelis and Jews around the world I can
be critical of the leadership in Israel
without wanting to boycott the entire
nation I treasure my Israeli friends and
family Israeli food books art cinema and
dance Israel was created exactly seven
years ago as a haven for refugees from
the Holocaust but the mistreatment of
those suffering from today's atrocities
must stand up against violence
corruption in inequality and abuse of
power please do not take any words that
do not come directly from me as my own
this experience has inspired me to
support a number of charities in Israel
I will be announcing them soon and I
hope others will join me in supporting
the great work they are doing by the way
if she had put her pandering politics
aside she would have had 1 million
dollars to donate to any charity she
so chose but her publicist also released
this statement recent events in Israel
have been extremely distressing to her
and she does not feel comfortable
participating in any public events in
Israel and that she cannot in good
conscience move forward with the
ceremony so I assumed the recent events
that she's talking about is when Israeli
soldiers killed 15 Palestinians at the
hamas-controlled Gaza border now that
statement I just made maybe that's as
far as she got in the news story maybe
she's a headline skimmer a lot of people
are but it seems she's unaware that
Israelis didn't act unprovoked
Palestinians began hurling stones
tossing Molotov cocktails and rolling
burning tires at the fence so the
Israelis responded with tear gas and
gunfire and as my dad would say you mess
with the bull you get the horns also
Natalie you can be critical of
leadership and still refrain from
slapping them in the face by turning
down this award you little pompous snob
those are just my thoughts thanks so
much for watching everybody I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us over here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
