so Kinder Morgan is in its final weeks
unless there's a solution and nollie and
trudeau have no solution they've opposed
pipelines their whole political careers
you'd have to be pretty naive to believe
they actually want this pipeline to go
through anyways
look at this bizarre statement made to
the CBC our state broadcaster that will
literally publish any cockamamie idea
the Trudeau tells them without
skepticism so get this this gorgeous
story published on international
marijuana day the federal government
believes other energy companies might be
willing to champion the trans mountain
pipeline expansion if Kinder Morgan
decides to walk away from the project
according to two senior officials
directly involved in the pipeline file
really really so other oil pipeline
companies might come in maybe maybe
Enbridge the company that actually had
regulatory approval for their a ten
billion dollar Northern Gateway pipeline
they'd already spent a billion of it but
then Trudeau came in and just killed him
yeah maybe they'd be eager for another
bite
or maybe it's TransCanada another
Calgary company that was applying for
the energy East pipeline that one worth
fifteen point seven billion dollars
before Trudeau killed it by changing the
rules of the proposals application years
after they had started so they lost a
billion dollars to maybe they're eager
to sign up to be a punching bag again to
give true to some PR points I read some
more this stuff is great only the CBC
would publish this and only on marijuana
day a second official expressed
confidence that another major energy
company or a consortium of companies he
wasn't sure which could be interested in
acquiring and developing the project
this official said if Kinder Morgan's
untenable comments were designed to
create leverage in talks with Ottawa and
Alberta it wouldn't work so so maybe
Kinder Morgan's bluffing Justin Trudeau
staff thinks Kingdom Morgan's bluffing
like total was bluffing like shell was
bluffing when they pulled out like
Petronas when they pulled out of the
Pacific Northwest LNG 36 billion dollars
like Aurora Ellen she was bluffing like
sterile
was bluffing I could go on a hundred
billion college or the investment
already fled they're not blessing you
moron
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
