maybe I'm a little too dense to see the
endgame here but I'm struggling to find
out what Ontario or Canadian information
how that would be valuable to a new
york-based Democratic front group in the
first place well there are over 100
different third party lobby groups
registered with Elections Canada to
campaign in our elections and more than
99% of them in fact only one out of one
hundred and thirteen or fourteen was for
Stephen Harper the other 113 were for
Trudeau so Justin Trudeau himself
benefits from over a hundred third party
super PACs is what they call them the
states and a number of them are foreign
based for example there's a foreign
based lobby group in New York City
called a vas also funded by Soros you
can go online right now to Elections
Canada they are registered as a third
party campaigner an American group
that's illegal by the way American group
American money coming into Canada
campaign so you say what would an
American company have interested in
Canada so many of Justin Trudeau's
political political advisors were
basically borrowed from the Hillary
Clinton campaigns they've modeled
themselves after the Clinton campaign in
a number of ways the Trudeau NGO called
Canada 2020 they're bringing up James
Comey to speak they brought up Hillary
Clinton and John Podesta when Trudeau
goes to the States he doesn't mean with
Donald Trump I think he's met with
Donald Trump maybe twice but he in his
last American trip or his second last he
goes there so often he met with David
Axelrod and Rahm Emanuel those names if
people remember were the Obama campaign
team in 2008 so Justin Trudeau has a
very close working relationship with the
team Obama much closer than he has with
Team Trump even though he's allegedly
negotiating a free trade deal with Trump
so he's going he does his American
circuit goes to all the American lobby
groups and think tanks because for them
Canada is a little little colony a
little experiment can they help tilt
Canada to the left and the answer so far
is yes this is outstanding because it
would be egregious enough Azra I think
if this was the Liberal Party of Canada
their own money on this but as you
mentioned in your country this is our
our tax dollars yeah and and the fact
that they're outsourcing their all
privacy matters and security managed to
a foreign group it's I've never heard of
it before I mean in the past I know that
the CBC has teamed up with some
political scientists in Canada to do
polls and surveys of its members and
I've had my questions about their
methodology and their bias before but at
least you could see what the benefit was
it was trying to give people a voter
survey it was by Canadians for Canadians
I disagreed with it for a number of
reasons but I could understand it even
if I disagreed with it I don't
understand at all why a foreign lobby
group should be given this secret data
from Canadians Facebook feeds there's
nothing in it for the CBC or for Canada
it's just weird and when you're talking
about Facebook data being shared with
foreigners weird is an alarm bell hey
that was an excerpt from my show rebel
roundup where we discussed the week's
top stories with your favorite rebels to
see my show and more sign up to become a
Premium Member today
you
