hi everybody
with the confirmation of judge Cavanaugh
it's time to sit back and respectfully
extend our arms in love to our opponents
on the other side this is not a time for
gloating this is another time for
triumphalism this is baloney totally
gloat this is take that with Curt
Schlichter you know we just did a breast
row through the cesspool during this
whole Cavanaugh confirmation thing it
was a disgrace a disaster disgusting
despicable slimy scummy I'm running out
of adjectives that I can use in this
family-friendly venue what an appalling
nightmare and now and now we're told by
our betters that this is a time to be to
be mature to be adult to be the better
man well I'm not ready to be the better
man I'm not ready to let bygones be
bygones this has to be answered we can't
just take this we just can't accept this
this bizarre hideous mom mentality that
the left is trying to impose on us not
gonna happen I'm happy Brett Kavanaugh
was confirmed not only because well he
will make a great justice the United
States Supreme Court and not only
because these people are slimy scumbags
who lied about him in order to advance
their political agenda and and and and
were perfectly willing to wreck him and
his family and everything they'd work
for over the years just to get a little
tiny edge unhappy because we owned the
libs yeah we owned them they were out
there screaming Howie I'm laughing at
him on laughing Adam because their toll
arias their pain our joy they are bad
people who did a bad thing and they'll
do the same bad thing to you if given
the chance how do people learn not to do
bad things
same way people learn how to not put
their hand on a hot stove they get
burned and they've gotten burned nail
these dummies you know Kevin a problem
for them is the Kavanagh was a really
legit good guy a legit good guy who
would have looked at both sides fairly
but now you've made a mad I can't read
his heart but if you think you guys are
gonna get a break from this guy
you're just not follow on with human
nature okay you guys have left this guy
no place to go but to the right you're
not gonna sucker them in like Kennedy
you're not gonna talk about his strange
new respect you're gonna get another guy
like Clarence Thomas who sits there
every single session waiting for the
opportunity to shaft you and all your
commie pinko dreams and it's all your
fault
look we can have a society that's one of
two things
either we have a equal society where
everybody plays by well-established
rules and honors them whether they win
or whether they lose or we can have a
knife knife fight that's like that UFC
thing where the Russian guys pounding on
the Irish guy with the dumb tats and
then the throwing chairs at each other
and jumping it and we can have that now
you you have chosen the latter you have
chosen combat to the death
you've chosen the rule of power if
that's how you want a rule now you're
going to understand what the
consequences are I would suggest going
back to the whole you know fairness
policies procedures due process kind of
thing but you weren't always getting
your way and yet think you're entitled
to get your way all the time and when
you don't you shriek and howl and yell
and run around and bang drums and pound
on doors and do all sorts of idiotic
things that are so annoying you even
made Lindsey Graham start scoring points
off you look here's how lame you are
conservatism is greatest heroes right
now Susan Collins Lindsey Graham and
cocaine Mitch how nuts is that it's
super nuts because you you leftists
you're super nuts you screwed up you
screwed
bad he decided to play horsey but she
didn't understand the other side can
play too
we're tired of you were sick of it
you're watching your blue wave go
circling down the drain
you're watching the supreme court all
your dreams are gonna die and we could
well you know we could put a gentle hand
on your back and try and cheer you up
but but what but we're not gonna do that
we're gonna laugh at you because it's
funny as hell to see you suffer this is
take that with Curt Schlichter here on
the rebel meeting if you like what you
see here on the rebel media yeah ah to
subscribe it's a great place to be
there's all sorts of cool people doing
cool things get on there but always
check out my rants every Tuesday and
Friday they're free outside the paywall
here available on youtube and elsewhere
you can also read me every move to every
Monday and Thursday at town hall that's
always exciting and you can find my book
militant normals it's out there on
Amazon go get it and don't forget to
follow me on Twitter and follow the
rubble Media TV on Twitter too it's a
great place to be thanks a lot I'll see
you next time here on take that with
Curt Schlichter
you
