now what does this mean going forward
for the taxpayer of Calgary what are the
what are the next steps now in pursuing
an Olympic bid or pursuing the idea of
pursuing an Olympic bid because they're
just there's so many layers before you
ever even get to the Olympics and each
one is just a big bundle of taxpayer
cash so what's next right well you're
you're absolutely right there's there's
I don't think anyone's going to be
Olympics and said well that didn't cost
very much so what's next for for this is
I think a lot of us are going to gear up
for the eventual plebiscite vote that
that the province is requiring before it
commits to putting financial dollars
into a 2026 Olympics you know the next
phase of the beta is estimated to cost
thirty million dollars which is a big
chunk of money and so you know council
today decided that there would be an
oversight committee consisting of
members of council and the mayor I had
to laugh because I've never thought wow
you know I bet yeah well what's going to
make this better is if we put more
politicians in wit so that's a new group
that's going to be out there now they
claim this will have full public access
it'll be open it'll be transparent but
if it's anything like how this city does
business it's going to be none of those
things so it's safe Calgary our goal is
going to be to start promoting you know
the the no campaign for the plebiscite
and to keep council speak to the fire if
they try and move this process again
behind closed doors where this process
has been the entire time they have done
none of this Olympic process out in the
open where councillors are you know can
get information in here from everyday
members of the community that's just not
something they've done that's an excerpt
from my weekly full-length show the gun
show on my show I take on the issues of
the day through my Alberta conservative
lens and I talked to the real news
makers the mainstream media ignores to
get access to my show in all of our
other premium content click the link on
the screen to subscribe today
you
