Enoch Powell was so right he was wrong
on the 20th of April 1968 50 years ago
today on this day of recording the
lately not Powell Member of Parliament
gave a speech to the West Midlands area
conservative political center it was
just before the Labor Government's race
relations bill was to go into its second
reading and his speech quickly became
one of the most powerful and recognized
commentaries on immigration in Britain
Enoch Powell was a politician a scholar
and a poet he was the youngest professor
in the Commonwealth and the youngest
Brigadier in the British Army he was
scholarly and academic in a well-read
man who cared about his country he was
often called racist but he was a huge
fan of India he posted he was posted in
Delhi for military intelligence in 1945
and learn urdu while he was there and I
recognized Powell used some bad language
and nouns when referring to black people
and that's often a reason why he's
called racist I won't defend that
language he used but I will say that it
was the 1960s and he was hardly the odd
one out times have changed quite
drastically since then Douglas Mori
argued in a piece for the National
Review that Paul may have sent back
discourse on immigration because of
things like this and maybe that's true
and in his famous rivers of blood speech
he used this language though he was
quoting someone there are misconceptions
about this and this is partly owing to
the fact that the speech was never
recorded in full this was 1968 most
people were just there taking notes for
the newspaper stories but it's actually
also a result of people just not wanting
to know or hear the truth this was seen
just this week in a Sky News broadcast
which saw ethnic minority children
reading from the rivers of blood speech
one person read the following quote like
the Roman I seem to see the white river
tiba foaming with much blood but that's
not what pal said Powell said like the
Roman I seem to see the river Tiber
foaming with much blood now if this is
an error it's negligent but I somehow
doubt it's an error it's a convenient
lie that's small enough to go unnoticed
by many viewers who have never even read
the speech or even heard of it people
just want to call Powell a racist and
ignore the issues that he talked about
as powell said in his speech what right
did he have as a member of parliament to
ignore what a constituents told him
in one section of his speech power
referred to the black man having the
whip hand over the white man this is a
quote often attributed to him but he was
actually quoting the words of a
constituent who told him I have three
children all of them have been through
grammar school and two of them married
now with family
I shan't be satisfied said I have seen
them all settled overseas in this
country in 15 or 20 years time the black
man will have the whip hand over the
white man
that's why Powell followed up with I can
already hear the chorus of execration
how dare I say such a horrible thing and
I simply do not have the right to shrug
my shoulders and think about something
else and he's right when constituents
have concerns it is the duty of the
politicians those who represent the
constituents in Parliament to consider
their feelings and make their concerns
know and throughout Powell's speech he
made reference not to the race of
immigrants but to the fact that mass
emigration would put a huge strain on
infrastructure and resources and have a
potentially negative effect on national
culture in the speech he also said quote
whole areas towns and parts of towns
across England will be occupied by
sections of the immigrant and immigrant
descended population and his prediction
was correct there are towns and cities
across this country where the native
population are minorities this includes
London too and this issue is less about
race the result of this unprecedented
level of immigration into Britain has
transformed communities culture II just
look at Tower Hamlets this is an area
with one of the highest Muslim
populations in the country this borough
in London has seen some of the worst
electoral fraud in the country which
went completely unchallenged for years
because political correctness got in the
way
just like Rotherham with the rape
scandal so power was right to raise the
concerns of his constituents unpleasant
language aside the concerns of local
people were justified all these years on
we've seen terrible results of not
immigration but mass immigration of
unskilled people who have no intention
of integrating there's a big difference
so powell like him or not was right on
many things and I think that actually he
was so right he was kind of wrong even
Enoch Powell I don't think would have
ever thought that migration into the UK
would reach such levels he famously said
quote we must be mad
literally mad as a nation to be
permitting the annual inflow of some
fifty thousand dependents who are for
the most part the material of the future
growth of the immigrant descended
population fifty thousand could be fifty
thousand any day in 2016
five hundred and eighty eight thousand
people migrated to the UK with three
hundred and thirty nine thousand of our
own people leaving the country that same
year that poses two problems a
replacement of people and therefore
culture and a total net gain of still
hundreds of thousands I don't think
Powell ever expected this many consider
him to be the greatest Prime Minister we
never had and whatever you might think
of him regardless of unpleasant language
he and other ministers may have used at
the time he could set an example for
politicians today he showed how
important it is to listen to
constituents and say what is politically
inconvenient to say that's why he
suffered in politics and why he became a
bogeyman for generations but he enjoyed
huge levels of support not just from
conservative voters but from the
working-class communities who were the
ones being negatively affected by mass
emigration Powell's legacy is much more
than just one of controversy and alleged
racism his legacy is one of democracy
justice and championing the rights of
the little people he was so right about
this issue that in some ways he was
wrong he underestimated the problem the
crisis Britain faces today as something
even Powell could never have imagined if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
