recently premier Kathleen Wynne's
Liberal government finally came clean on
one of the worst kept secrets in the
gambling business namely Pickering has
been chosen for a huge new casino
project that's maybe some good news but
here's the really bad news the Pickering
casino called Durham live will likely
result in the closure of the slots
casino in nearby Ajax and if that
happens it is almost inevitable that an
Terios quarter horse industry will be
sent to the glue factory but the
question arises why is all this being
done in the first place
people in Ajax are fuming about the
prospect of Ajax Downs closing down why
indeed is nearby Pickering getting a
shot in the arm at the expense of Ajax
that sits just across the town line
for starters many wonder if Pickering is
truly the best locale for the Durham
Live mega project especially since the
chosen site appears ill-equipped to
handle increased traffic volume and then
there's the quarter horse track
racetrack that sits adjacent to the Ajax
casino the quarter horse is an American
breed that excels as the name would
imply at running the quarter mile but
these horses will likely not be running
at all or ever again
if the horsemen don't receive a portion
of the slots revenue from Ajax downs as
is the case today and if the quarter
horse industry perishes and Ajax this
means the loss of about 1,700 jobs and
the town also stands to lose 8 million
dollars a year in property taxes but the
really unnerving aspect of the Pickering
project is how it has been so shrouded
in secrecy in a recent Toronto Sun story
reporter Joe Warmington points out that
even the mayor of Ajax Steve parish was
not consulted about the impending to see
no switcheroo said parish of the Wynn
liberals including local MPP
Joe Dixon quote we thought we were
dealing with professional people and
that our plans to expand the existing
casino would be given a full hearing we
have not been treated fairly end quote
indeed Warmington notes that not once
did Ajax counsel or its mayor get a
courtesy call from the premier or a
senior Cabinet minister not once did
provincial officials return any of his
letters which addressed the concerns of
many in this town of a hundred and ten
thousand residents now in a dunk Ford
rally earlier this week in Ajax I caught
up with Ajax PC candidate rod Phillips
who also happens to be a former CEO of
the Interior Lottery and Gaming
Corporation he told me that he plans to
continue to fight for both the Ajax
casino and for some much-needed
disclosure from the Wynn liberals
assuming you formed the government is
that deal scuttled or what's Plan B well
you know a deal done this late before an
election you have to ask the question
what's in that deal and we don't know
and that's what's really troubling to
people in Ajax is the way this was done
the fact that it was leaked that it
wasn't talked about we heard about it in
the newspaper first and then it comes
out in a press release from a casino
company but but you ask the right
question so we need to find out what's
behind that and I will find out that if
I get elected but we also need to talk
about solutions so yesterday I came out
with the quarter horse racing industry
they had put a proposal together Doug
and I think makes good sense it's a
proposal that includes seeing Ajax towns
as a site along with Pickering and there
are some issues related to Pickering
that have to be resolved around traffic
in Ajax but there is no reason that we
can't have those two sites coexisting
I'd use the example sometimes there's
two restaurants owned by the same owner
maybe one to McDonald's and one's a keg
and sometimes people feel like going to
one restaurant and sometimes they feel
like going to the other but they both
can be successful this all would work
the OLG actually set up the system so
that there'd be four sites within the
UTA there are currently only three so
there is no reason that I can see that
this can't work now Joe Dixon and
Kathleen Wynn rejected that same
proposal they have gone to the
government with that suggestion and it
got thrown out so we have that as an
idea and what I've
is that all we're tirelessly on any idea
that makes sense and that quarter idea
makes sense to see if we can keep Ajax
downs here if we don't the town loses
eight million dollars it's the end of
quarter horse racing you know that's
just that not a good enough I'm not a
good enough answer for a government that
cares about people when you've heard
that's what we care about people
now you also asked Phillips if there is
indeed a way to get out of any
pre-existing deals the Liberals may have
already secretly signed with the
developers of the Durham live project
and what from what you know of any of
the agreements the contracts with Durham
alive is there anything that's ironclad
that you can't get out of much like the
407 of yesteryear no that's that's the
million or maybe the hundred million
dollar question we don't know the answer
we are all in the dark as people outside
of government Joe Dixon might know the
answer to that question Kathleen Wynne
might know the answer that question if I
get elected as MPP I'll find out the
answer to that question and I'll make
sure the people of Ajax know the answer
now after speaking with Philips we paid
a visit to Ajax downs we asked various
patrons what they thought about the
casino gamble the Liberals are taking if
you are happy about the prospect of
losing Ajax downs and the horse
racetrack
if the Durham Live deal goes through as
is as you might know there's that
proposed mega casino going up in
Pickering and the critics are saying
that that might mean the closure of this
facility and the track as early as next
year 1,700 jobs lost what do you think
about that I don't think it's right
forget about Pickwick or Pickering stay
here really that would be a really bad
thing yeah nobody you know I don't want
anybody losing their jobs crowded it is
that's the nub of the argument that
it'll mean the closure of this facility
the end of the quarter horse industry
and the loss of 1,700 jobs I know that I
think it's criminal
I think it's criminal okay I think
they're out of their mind closing this
okay this is a money-making operation
why would you close something that's
making all that money it's wrong I think
it's wrong we should have been no
if I'd it's changed it's not the same no
that's all wrong okay these people are
rate raised in the polls right now and
then okay the next three four years
they'll care about the small people not
a big corporation it's not it's all
wrong do you think it's said too that
this announcement seems to be pitting
one community against another here in
Durham Region yes I have no respect for
Pickering for what they've done
I mean why can't they work together we
got Ajax Pickering Hospital why don't we
have Ajax Pickering please but without
the provinces blessing nothing would be
done now I guess is that maybe who's the
blame for this well yes the Liberals are
at blame yes you know they've stolen so
much and now they're just gonna try and
finish the job it doesn't sound like
there's anything positive about this
proposed project saw a positive
Pickering that right but he said they're
gonna share the money but I don't know
if that's gonna happen you know it must
be said that even though it was a nun
seasonably frosty April Wednesday
evening that this casino was jammed it
was actually hard to find a seat clearly
this casino is no money loser
there's also ample room for expansion
there's lots of free parking and there's
superb road and highway access and of
course there's the added value of that
wonderful quarter horse racetrack too in
fact it seems if you wanted to build a
mega casino in the Durham Region the
real estate a jack stones occupies is
exactly where you'd put such a thing so
again why are the Liberals so intent on
trying to fix something that's not
broken and who really stands to gain
from carrying out a malicious act
against Ajax downs for now everything is
shrouded in mystery
from a government that has long promised
transparency just like the deleted email
scandal with regard to the canceled gas
plants that resulted in Liberal
operative David Livingstone receiving
four months in the slammer in the weeks
ahead as Liberals continue to
desperately doubled
stupid with the taxpayer dollar no less
I suspect some answers will be
forthcoming there's a lot more to this
gambit than meets the eye
stay tuned for the rebel dawn media I'm
David the men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks
the rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
