may 3rd is just around the corner a
couple of weeks away now and it's said
of course that's the day of the local
elections 2018 those are the council
elections that happen every year and
they're a good sort of measure on how
well the politicians are doing in
Parliament and May 3rd will have 32
London boroughs up for grabs
34 Metropolitan boroughs 68 district in
Borough Council's and 17 unitary
authorities there's also going to be
mayoral elections going on that day as
well in Hackney Lewisham Niram Tower
Hamlets and Watford now Tower Hamlets
will be an interesting one because
that's where historically there's been
loads of electoral fraud and it's only a
certain section of the community that
were doing the electoral fraud and of
course look for Rockman from Tower
Hamlets who's actually banned from
standing for election because of
electoral fraud is backing a new party
in Tower Hamlets called aspire he'll
probably win but anyway what's
interesting is the the polls are showing
that the Labour Party and to reason Mays
Conservative Party are about neck and
neck in the polls they're about 40
percent each so that really shows us
were back to a two-party system a few
years ago we had the Liberal Democrats
in coalition government and then shortly
after that we had you kept gaining four
million votes in a general election so
it's quite a difference in just a couple
years I read in The Times that election
analysts Colin Rawlings and Michael
Thrasher of Northfield College in Oxford
they predicted that the Conservatives
will lose 75 seats labour will gain 200
and the Lib Dems will gain 30 they
projected that you KITT will lose almost
all or all of its to hunt 125 seats now
I think you'll be interested to see what
happens because Mays been hurt by a
series of setbacks especially with
brexit the most recent one being the
House of Lords a few days ago I said
that this week the house laws are likely
to vote on an amendment that suggests
Britain should stay in the customs union
in
you well they did vote for that
amendment I think the majority was over
a hundred and twenty the original
prediction was they might win with a
majority of 50 but it was well over a
hundred and so that's a huge setback for
Theresa May and that that hurts her in
the local elections and you know it's
not really her fault you know if we're
going to be optimistic about it then
Theresa May is trying to get Briggs it
through but these series of setbacks
won't help her whether it's her fault or
not people just see it as a brexit
failure so why do people turn to Labor
them well I think a lot of working-class
people will go back to labour because
traditionally the working-class support
labor and they probably just assume that
actually Briggs it's a done deal
I know a lot of people who are like that
they think that the politicians will
follow through and Greg's it because
that's what we voted for so people will
go back to labor not because they agree
with Jeremy Corbyn stance on immigration
or or things like that I think it's
mostly just that Corbin is a protest
vote and we're at work part way through
Teresa made conservative government
people want to show that they're unhappy
with it so they're going to vote for
Corbin as a protest he's the socialist
Trump really so realistically who else
can they turn to the Lib Dems a way to
ante breaks it to be the protest vote I
think the literature if you've received
any through the post recently even in
the council stuff you'll see it's helped
us exit from brexit they are so auntie
brags it that it's coming I mean it may
be maybe it's a smart strategy in at
least they'll get some votes because
there are some people that are really
hate Briggs it but it's there to anti
Briggs it to be a protest vote so that's
why I think it's going to go over to
Corwin in this election although in
saying that the Lib Dems have been
winning council elections by elections
throughout the year Vince Cable said
recently that the Lib Dems have been
winning council by-elections every
Thursday for the last year or so and
well it's not far wrong they have been
winning a lot of elections recently so
it'll be interesting to see how well
they do on May 3rd so here's a breakdown
of the candidates by party we got the
Conservatives have got four thousand
three and
ninety-eight Labour's got through 4360
to the Lib Dems 3315 greens an amazing
actually number actually 2158 you Kip
635 that's a huge decrease just 635 then
there's the BMP 7 independent over 1000
and other 114 now it's interesting that
the BMP is even still on that list
because I mean the party's dead good
riddance to bad rubbish and all that but
the most interesting thing about this
list I think is that you didn't even
manage the 800 or I think it's 850 that
candidates that you need in order to get
TV airtime now if I were you Kip I'd
have been really scrambling for those
remaining 150 200 candidates even if
they would just ballot you know paper
candidates because that gives you air
time on national television
you get knees it you keep really needs
it right now I I think they're gonna
really struggle but as what you don't
see on this list because it's within the
other category there's only 114
candidates from other parties which
seems quite small actually there's more
independence than there are others and
but anyway and Murray Waters who we've
been talking about this week
her party for Britain is standing 15
candidates and for Britain was only
registered a few weeks ago by the
Electoral Commission I'm gonna be doing
a video on this student actually about
how the Electoral Commission gets in the
way of democracy because recently what
they did with a Murray's party whereas
they said that the Constitution was
discriminatory and I was told that was
because a Murray told me that it was
because the Constitution said that the
rights of citizens should be put before
the rights of non-citizens which is well
that's the whole point of citizenship
they also banned the party's logo for a
while
it's a trident they claimed it was
offensive and militaristic clearly none
of them knew that actually a trident is
a fishing tool so really the party is
still quite new in terms of being
officially registered so 15 candidates
it's quite impressive
hopefully I'll bring you a cat an
interview with one of their candidates
soon actually I will try and do some
interviews with you Kip Tori and labour
candidates but something tells me
they're not going to talk to me but I've
tried
I'll try there's also the Democrats and
veterans now this is a party that was
started I believe by John Rhys Evans who
was also in the same race for you keep
leadership as a Murray
he didn't come as close as on Murray
came but he's running this party called
Democrats and veterans I don't know how
many candidates are standing I have
looked and I've tried to find out and
it's quite hard I know they're up
against for Britain in two wards in
Leeds so that'll be interesting but just
some comment on the name and direction
of that that party I mean maybe they'll
do okay in some local elections if
they've got a really good candidate but
just the name Democrats and veterans
Democrats great veterans great but the
minute you start putting things like
veterans in a party name I think
personally I think it kind of shifts
people away from supporting you because
they think you're a single-issue party
you know so again it'll be interesting
to see how the Democrats and veterans do
it'll be interesting to see how any
small party does actually but the one
small party that I can guarantee you is
going to be completely annihilated is
the BMP I don't know why they're still
around frankly hopefully they'll be gone
soon so here are my predictions
I think the Tories are going to lose
seats I think they're going to lose a
lot of seats people are unhappy with May
she's not making enough progress before
exit Corbin's seen as a protest vote and
I feel bad saying this actually because
I know Prime Minister's a tough job but
Theresa just doesn't have the charisma
and she doesn't really know those
strikers as a confident sort of
character or a leader and so I think the
Tories are going to really suffer and
that's really just a way of the voters
telling the Tories that they're not
happy unemployment by the way fell to
one point four four million at the
beginning of this year which was good
but it's rising again it's rising at the
fastest rate in five years so maybe
that's another reason why the Tories are
going to
in the polls this year as well I think
Labor's gonna sweep up nationally
nationally Labor's going to do very well
indeed
and in London it looks like they're
going to make huge gains there's a story
here from the independent labor to sweep
London in local elections with best
result for any party since 1968 survey
indicates just 28% of Londoners plan to
vote Tory now this could signify one of
two things it could signify the fact
that the the Tories are deeply unpopular
three things the Tories are deeply
unpopular the Labour Party is just
exceptionally popular or that London's
demographics have changed quite
significantly we've got a young
population there who were naturally less
conservative we've got a large immigrant
population there who are naturally more
inclined to vote Labour they're very
very anti brexit they're in this
westminster bubble so it's no surprise
actually to be honest that the Tories
are going to struggle in London UK
people struggle as well actually I think
the Lib Dems will gain a handful of
seats they'll save a lot of their seats
and gain a handful are be interested to
see if they gain more than 30 seats
it'll show how well their local
campaigns work actually traditionally
the Liberals the Liberal Democrats have
been very good on a local basis but in
years gone by they haven't had a policy
like opposing brexit and opposing the
results of a referendum on the platform
so they'll be interesting to see how
well the local campaigns weigh against
the fact that they're really anti breaks
it as I say BMP will be a wipeout I
think you KITT will lose every seat I
really think you KITT will lose every
single seat maybe I'll be generous and
say they'll defend one seat perhaps but
you get jobs considered done by most
people now and the thing is with you
KITT they could have changed their
fortunes and and started growing again
post breaks it but I personally don't
know if they've they've convinced the
public that there's still reason for
them to live yet there's still reason
for them to go on I don't think you've
done a good enough job in convincing the
public that they've got good reason to
be there for Britain brand new party 15
candidates is a good start so
whatever the results really I've been
very surprised at for Britain when any
seats it's very hard to do especially as
a new party but I guess for them this is
more an exercise in branding and
establishing a name so I guess will
that's one to watch for the future but
the real winner overall
May third we'll see but I think it we
Jeremy Corbyn oh god help us if you want
to see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to download our app
on the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store and like and subscribe
you
