but what happens if you own a little oil
company or a little trucking company
let's say you have a little truck and
you have a contract to drive your truck
with gasoline over the border from
Alberta into BC just there's a there's a
little town called Golden BC it's so
pretty it's a little town just in the
Alberta border a little gas station
they're nice folks right on the border
and Notley says no sorry mister one man
truck driving company if you honor your
legal contract to deliver gasoline to
golden BC if you honor your word as a
businessman you will be breaking our new
law what if she forces that guy to
violate his contract to get him sued
whatever he won't get paid obviously his
his staff won't be able to be paid he'll
lose a customer he he might lose his
company what about him well there's not
a word in this bill about compensation
it's really expropriation isn't it
taking away your business without a dime
in return that's illegal of course if
you dare to defy her though watch out
let me quote from the penalty section of
the law a person is guilty of an offense
under subsection 1 is liable in the case
of a corporation to a fine of not more
than ten million dollars for each day or
part of a day on which the offense
occurs or continues and in the case of
an individual to a fine of not more than
1 million dollars for each date or part
of a day on which the offense occurs or
continues a million bucks a day for a
person 10 million bucks a day for a
company hey I think I know who wrote
this you know there's a crackpot
MLA in notley's government named rod
Loyola this is really him that's him but
even Hugo Chavez gave more rights and
more compensation to the oil companies
he expropriated look it up just to be
clear those are fines
punishing albertans this
the problem not Albertans aren't they
actually the victims here isn't isn't
the problem British Columbia politicians
should should they be find does BC
politicians I don't know maybe Justin
Trudeau might withhold transfer payments
to be seek like he threatened to do to
Saskatchewan for not loving his carbon
tax hey can I ask you a question how
does punishing Alberta companies
trucking companies pipeline companies
oil companies
how does punishing Alberta companies get
a pipeline through to BC for that matter
how does nationalizing a pipeline by
buying a share in it as Donnelly and
Trudeau are talking about doing how does
that got a pipeline through to BC that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
