the BC NDP are opposing the trans
mountain pipeline expansion on the
grounds that it is dangerous to the
environment yet as we speak the BC NDP
are also allowing the construction of a
jet fuel pipeline across salmon habitat
a BC premier John Horgan finds himself
at the center of a constitutional crisis
here in Canada of his own making as his
government blocks the trans mountain
pipeline from Edmonton to ports in
Vancouver but as it turns out the
Vancouver Airport Authority is
proceeding with the construction of a
pipeline that will be used to import jet
fuel as reported in business Vancouver
magazine last June a 150 million dollar
pipeline is currently being constructed
to supply Vancouver's Airport with jet
fuel according to business Vancouver
site preparation began May 2017
enrichment for a new tank farm and the
pipeline that will supply airlines
operating out of Vancouver's
International Airport the pipeline is
scheduled for completion in 2019 and the
new terminal will be able to receive
Panamax tanker vessels which will allow
the airport consortium to import jet
fuel from Asia well go figure when the
pipeline was first approved by the
former Liberal government in British
Columbia they just sort of sprung the
idea on Justin Trudeau's liberals in
Ottawa while residents of the area
claimed that the new 14 kilometer
pipeline and associated tank farm could
pose a threat to Fraser River salmon now
when pressed by a local Comox radio
station about the sheer hypocrisy of
allowing a jet fuel pipeline to go ahead
across salmon habitat while
simultaneously blocking a
state-of-the-art pipeline from her
friends in Alberta BC NDP MLA Claire
travina had this to say
just listen well we have other pipelines
going through the province at the moment
you know there are pipelines obviously
that are working but this is that the
issue of the diluted bitumen which is a
real concern
she says it's not about the
pipeline and that pipelines themselves
are not the issue hmm well that's
probably news to her leader John Horgan
who told The Globe and Mail that it is
absolutely about pipelines and the
potential for oil spills actually
according to Horgan he said an increase
in the transportation of liquid
petroleum products to the province by
rail pipeline and truck will have a
disproportionate impact on BC's
environment indigenous peoples and the
economy got it
pipelines are a problem except when BC
builds a pipeline to import fossil fuels
from Asia the very place where Alberta
wants to export our fossil fuels to then
it's apparently just ducky and going
back to that jet fuel pipeline
construction deep in the article from
business Vancouver I learned a little
something new about Vancouver's existing
supply of jet fuel you see the article
says that Airlines operating out of
Vancouver's International Airport get
most of their jet fuel from Kinder
Morgan but only 40 percent of the jet
fuel moving through the pipeline comes
from the former Chevron refinery instead
the rest comes by barge from the Cherry
Point refinery in Washington State and
by tanker truck so Vancouver gets a lot
of their jet fuel from Kinder Morgan but
also from the Cherry Point refinery in
Washington State well that certainly
explains this letter here from the State
of Washington's Department of Ecology
where they plead with the Ministerial
panel for the trans mountain pipeline
expansion project to block the pipeline
in its entirety citing an increase in
tanker traffic passing through
Washington State and Canadian shared
waters you see it was never about
blocking tanker traffic because nobody
is complaining about the trucks that are
coming up from Cherry Point and the
barges that are currently coming up from
Cherry Point bringing oil or the
imported Asian tankers Washington State
a foreign government is trying to
intervene on a wholly Canadian energy
infrastructure project while they stand
to economically benefit from the
blocking of that very
same project let's pretend the Russians
wrote a letter like that about an
American pipeline this is the exact kind
of garbage state of Washington Democrats
routinely accused Russia of doing you
know meddling in other countries
internal affairs so to sum it up
pipelines are bad if they're Canadian
tankers and barges also bad if they're
Canadian and meddling in foreign affairs
of a sovereign country is bad too unless
you're doing it to us Canadians for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read what
you just saw there is my daily video
here at the rebel but did you know that
I also have my own weekly full-length
show it's aptly called the gun show and
we talk about issues facing Canadian
families but to get access to my show
and the rest of our incredible premium
content treat yourself to a rebel
subscription today
you
