I'm sure you've seen that Morrissey has
been upsetting a lot of people in the
last week or so I did a video on this
yesterday about how Morrissey supports
Amory waters and the for Britain party
which is a huge shock to everyone I'm
also a shock that he's supported a
political party than he has actually
said something about how allow me
because we know he's against that but
with this news we've seen the left
completely melting down I've seen
there's this range of merchandise that
came out called shut up Morrissey people
just can't stand the fact that Morrissey
has a different opinion to them there
was this great article on the daily mash
called Morrissey's become your dad
brilliant
love it but there also there was an
article on the BBC the allegedly
unbiased BBC that is and it was it was
by a guy called Tom gherkin and it asks
is it possible to separate art from the
artist and the in the article he quotes
all these people on Twitter who were
complaining that now they know what
Morris's views are it's kind of they're
gonna find it so difficult to listen to
Morris's music ever again but why are we
even asking this question you know this
the fact that they the BBC asked this
question can we separate art from the
artist I don't think they've ever asked
that about anyone ever unless you're
talking about Hitler or something but
not many people have a fan of it was art
I can we separate art from the artist I
mean doesn't this come from a
deep-rooted assumption that the left has
the moral high ground on this can we
separate the art from the artist I've
never heard the master about anybody
before ever and suddenly an artist a
popular artist who people like comes out
with some views that may be considered
even mildly right-wing but frankly
aren't really that right-wing and
suddenly there's chaos suddenly this
chaos can we can we carry on supporting
this guy's art when he's got such
horrific views how dare they how dare
they sit on their high horses and think
they have the moral high ground on these
issues how dare they assume that we're
all bad people how dead these people I
mean it shows the conceitedness of them
they refused to believe that they could
ever be wrong but it shows that these
people are anti Internet
actual and they are ideologues not
Democrats and they're only interested in
pushing an agenda and silencing
dissenters that's what this shows shows
us you know and the fact that they're
doing this while Morrissey is left-wing
he's an animal rights activist he's
anti-monarchy so why the left treating
Morrissey like he's unhinged why are
they treating Morrissey like he's crazy
why I mean again it comes down to this
deep-rooted sense of superiority frankly
and today I asked I asked people on my
Twitter if they would share something
about other artists left-wing artists
because I was wondering has anyone ever
ever written an article asking can we
separate the art from the artist about
left-wing artists who have sets really
horrific stuff now I could remember some
but I thought I'll ask other people for
some advice as well and what I found was
really interesting what happened on this
tweet was really interesting because it
proved my point about the left being
conceited and smarmy so here are the
some of the tweets that I got back from
these are left-wing verified take people
there was one guy some smiley Porter
from the enemy and Metro said quote
Taylor Swift's red when played backwards
at double speed out lied to her vision
for a communist takeover America okay
there was another one some bloke called
Hussein kes Vani said famously left-wing
band disturbed once said down with the
sickness clearly voicing their support
for fully socialized Venezuelan health
care and scant disregard for the free
market what and another one came from a
guardian Guardian reporter quote Rick
Ashley it's Ashley if you got a Rick
Rick roll me get the name right Rick
Ashley once said that he was never going
to get me up give me up but to be honest
I haven't heard from him for years and
he doesn't even follow me on Twitter and
then there was this and this and this
and this and doesn't this just sum up
these people they couldn't possibly
leave that their precious pop stars
their precious celebrities other than
Morrissey might have said something bad
and by the way I struggle to see what
Morrissey's done here that's wrong but
there are examples which people have
kindly be sending me throughout the day
of left-wing celebrities and left-wing
artists who have said some really
horrific stuff and I have never seen an
article on the BBC asking can we
separate these artists from their idea
so let's have a look at some Lily Allen
claimed Rochdale abuse victims would
have been raped or abused by somebody
else even if the sex gangs didn't exist
isn't that victim blaming Lily isn't
that blaming the victim however she says
that where was the article asking can we
separate her from her art art Billy
Bragg he was on the television only
today talking to doc Joe Coburn
perfectly pleasantly about the
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
and it's just treated as if he's just
some guy just some guy some political
guy but actually he's a hardcore
socialist some might say bordering on
communists they spent a lifetime
advocating for Corbyn esque socialism he
supports Corbyn openly despite him being
a terrorist sympathizer Bragg also sings
the red flag with Corbin this is a song
by the way that she's by communists all
over the world so can we separate the
art from Billy Bragg can we how about
Ledo pimienta never heard of her before
she told white people at her concert to
move to the back of the audience
lovely Bruce Springsteen remember he
canceled a concert in North Carolina in
protest of a law that didn't allow men
to use women's toilets rapper xxx
temptation now I'm probably pronouncing
that wrong never heard of him either but
he made of usik
which showed him lynching a young white
boy have a look at this
sorry I had to show you that by the way
but look at that can we separate him
from his art hmm zara larsson another
person who has never heard of she's some
famous left-wing singer who openly
admits the hating all man Emma Watson
the girl from Harry Potter arch feminist
who is she's part of the he for she
program with the United Nations she
posts refugees welcome but also says
that she's concerned about the safety of
women hmm can we separate her radical
politics that puts women in danger from
her art from her acting hmm Green Day
said Trump voters aren't welcome at
their shows and should stop listening to
their music Madonna said she thought
about blowing up the White House yes I
am outraged yes I have thought an awful
lot about blowing up the White House so
if we're gonna talk about crazy people
if we're gonna talk about separating art
from the artist why aren't we looking at
all these nutcases these nasty pieces of
work from the left who have said these
things over and over with impunity are
we ever going to ask can we separate
them from their art or are we going to
end up with all these lefties as I've
seen today on Twitter continuing and
perpetuating this idea that nobody on
the Left can ever do anything wrong or
we just could have let these people
carry on just carry on suggesting that
anyone who dares say anything that might
be deemed right-wing is evil unhinged
nasty has become your dad it shows just
what kind of people they are they're
anti Democrats they are ideologues and
they care only about one thing and that
silencing anybody who dare have a
different opinions of their democracy no
it doesn't matter
fairness in culture no it doesn't matter
and no matter how good someone's art is
no matter how good if they say something
right-wing there's something wrong with
them if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
