most of you know this has been a long
heavy lifting a lot of hard work and
every single one of you in this room
played an important part to the success
that we're seeing today we're very
excited with what's going to happen here
over the next little time a little bit
as I've said before I'm willing to work
with with any party that has some of the
ideas and we have been pushing you know
partying a minority government is
negotiation it's compromise it's working
with all other parties and that's what
we've committed to do without losing the
values and the ideals that we've been
pushing for for years we're going to
stay true to who we are
well that is Chris Austin he is the
leader of the people's alliance of New
Brunswick a provincial party that looks
like it holds the balance of power a
surprise to those of us in the rest of
the country that maybe don't follow
provincial politics a New Brunswick
closely enough but as we told you the
day after the election almost a third of
New Brunswickers chose non traditional
parties something that we saw replicated
shortly thereafter
in Quebec where 50% of voters chose
something new and what a pleasure to
tell you that joining us now via Skype
from Fredericton is Chris Austin the
leader of that party well first of all
congratulations to you mr. Austin you
certainly surprised those of us outside
New Brunswick who hadn't been following
you closely with in New Brunswick do you
think you surprised people - I think
maybe on a certain level we knew what we
were hearing on the ground the coffee
shops and the the day-to-day you know
talking to people type of deal we knew
we had support there you know not only
did we win three seats but we got almost
13% of the vote across the province and
we came in second place in seven ridings
so we're we're very you know very
excited about what unfolded election
night well I took the liberty of reading
your platform and I could only find one
campaign video online so I think I have
a base
understanding of your party's platform
but maybe you can say it in your own
words where would you put yourself on
the ideological spectrum what are the
important issues to you what what was it
that made three ridings vote for you in
first place and come in second and seven
more well I think some of the key issues
deal with tax reform
we're tired of our tax dollars going to
big corporate handouts while small
businesses here at home are struggling
every day
we're tired of politicians and in this
status quo system which just seems to
steamroll the wishes of the people on
day to day policies in the province so
you know it's it's it's we you know we
talk about everything from you know
eliminating corporate handouts proper
tax reform
you know where the New Brunswick is is
in a completely archaic tax system where
you know businesses are struggling
people can't make ends meet you look at
a city like st. John which in in just
recent history had the highest child
poverty rate in the country yet also has
the largest oil refinery in the country
so we're thinking you know are they
paying the fair share of taxes and the
taxes that they are paying are they
going into the city or are they going
you know to the province to be spent
frivolously on some of these ridiculous
projects so all kinds of ideas language
fairness we said you know we respect the
rights of both linguistic communities
here in New Brunswick being the only
bilingual problems in Canada but my
goodness the way it's implemented is
just completely completely out of out of
control well that last one caught my eye
when I saw your it mentioned in your
campaign video in in many parts of
Canada that would be deemed off-limits
at taboo subject to criticize you were
not afraid to challenge official
bilingualism or at least the way it's
implemented in New Brunswick how were
you received by the media and by the
pundits and by polite company were you
allowed to have a healthy debate about
an issue that's regarded as a sacred cow
I wouldn't quite put it that way but I
think
you when you look at the issue at large
you know we've always taken the approach
that you know we're not going to you
know when it comes to these hot-button
items or these taboo topics we refuse to
take the politically you know correct
sanitized approach to these issues we've
always said we'll hit them head on and
we'll have respectful meaningful debates
around them we want all people included
on those debates but see the governments
of the past have had secret meetings
around the official languages act and
you know making amendments to that act
and it was all done behind closed doors
with a public consultation so you know a
lot of groups organizations even average
Joe and the public wasn't included in
that so it's really affecting people's
lives here in New Brunswick I mean
you've got people that maybe are not
bilingual that can't get government jobs
you got people that have government jobs
like can't get seniority can't get
advancement because of language it's a
big issue here in New Brunswick and
paramedics is a great example as well we
have paramedics sometimes that aren't
showing up for 4045 minutes after the
911 walk 1 911 call comes in because
again language requirements for
paramedics are so so high that we can't
find enough bilingual paramedics to fill
them so a lot of them go on staff that
is it's a real issuing I've heard it's a
saying it's one thing for a you know a
bureaucrat to have a bilingualism
requirement I mean you could argue over
that but to have a paramedic to not hold
a paramedic I mean I'm guessing whether
you speak French or speak English if you
have god forbid a heart attack or an
injury you don't care if they speak
English French or Japanese exactly yeah
exactly that is I have never heard that
before and I can imagine how that would
resonate if you if if that that's just
incredible thank you for that news I
didn't know can I ask you about
something else that's of interest to me
I'm originally from Alberta and and I
and I think about the oil sands and the
oil patch and you mentioned the largest
refinery in Canada is right there in
Saint John I think that's most Canadians
don't know that they assume the big
refineries are in Alberta the energy
East pipeline which is when it was
terminated
was had a budget of fifteen point seven
billion dollars just to construct the
thing and I don't know exactly how much
of that would have been in New Brunswick
but I surely the number would be
billions
I knew the New Brunswick legislature at
one point all three parties of the day
voted in support of it but it's sort of
it seemed to me like it didn't have a
lot of energetic boosters certainly not
in in the in the past premier what
what's your party's view on energy East
on developing oil and gas on fracking
which I understand was prospective but
then the Rexton riots sort of put that
out do you have anything to say on
energy was that was that an issue in the
campaign
well excuse me it wasn't quite as big an
issue this campaign is was the last one
but the reality is New Brunswick is is
is poor and practically broke and the
reason is is because we've for so long
live in this extreme socialist mentality
where everything should be free to
everybody and let's put taxes through
the roof to try to pay for it and let's
borrow whatever else we need to make
sure that we keep this you know kind of
Fiat system going so in terms of energy
specifically what I've always said is
our families our young people here in
New Brunswick they're boarding planes
every week they're traveling out west
for 30 days at a time some of them
working the very things that we refuse
to do here and all the while we're
receiving transfer payments from West
here to New Brunswick which you know
help our health care and education
systems so we have to be willing at
least open to to resource development I
mean that's that's just if we're going
to ever going to get where we need to be
and with that said it has to be done
right and you can't shove these things
down people's throats fracking was a
very contentious issue until 2014 and
what we took to position was look at
there's certain areas which just simply
geographically the people there do not
want to have fracking we would allow
certain areas you know die to hold a
referendum to bow out if they if they so
choose and making sure in technologies
always advancing slick water was always
the big issue you know with the well
casings and the slick water well
technologies changing hearing about
propane gel fracking soldered
all kinds of different advancements in
technology I think which could open the
doors to well I'm glad you're open to it
I as an Alberta boy I mean I've grown up
around oil and gas and so I'm not scared
of it and and I've seen places like
Pennsylvania that were a Rust Belt that
we're in economic decline decline be
revived and and it is my hope as a
Canadian that that economic revival will
come to our friends and New Brunswick
announced where let me talk more about
the practical politics because it was
interesting on election night it was a
real squeaker in fact there's no
majority there catch us up because when
we last covered your results we we
suggested that you were in a place to be
the kingmaker the power broker how was
that result as the lieutenant governor
decided as the problems come to a
resolution on who's gonna who's gonna be
in the government know that's the crazy
thing who's just meeting with our
volunteers today to go over staffing you
know funding and that sort of thing
excuse me for staffing but we can't even
get that because the government right
now is just completely up in the air
which is ridiculous
the current Liberal premier mr. gallant
should do the honorable thing and resign
and get out of the way so we can move on
with governing this province but he
refuses to he's using delay tactics to
try to get the majority he's called
probably every MLA in the legislature
that you could imagine to try to get
them to cross the floor so desperation
no question but again this is this is
holding everything just in limbo both in
government as a whole and even as us as
a party to have the budget we need to
hire staff be able to move forward so
it's it's but but but with that said
once he's out of the way and he will be
out of the way then I think we can we
can develop a stable government you know
to be able to get some bills forward and
turn New Brunswick around so just to
clarify and we talked about this on the
show the other day but we're we've got
you right here talking to us live so
you're the source of it have you come to
terms with the conservative party on on
a modus vivendi on uh on a way forward
what you would support them on what you
wouldn't have you heavier I remember
when there was a minority government and
the three opposition parties of the day
the Liberals the NDP in the bloc they
actually signed a contract that they
present they wanted to present to the
governor-general to former colas like it
was very formal a very formal written
deal do you have a term sheet or a
contract with the conservative
Progressive Conservative party on how to
form a governing coalition with them
have you got that tangible yet no and I
did me with the left tenant governor to
reassure her that once the Liberals are
out of the way that I am willing to work
cooperatively in an informal non-binding
way with the Conservative government to
get that majority and and and it would
be a very tight majority but I'd be
willing to do that on a case-by-case
bill by Bill basis what I what I don't
want to do is write to be honest is I
don't want to be in anybody's back
pocket here I think it's important that
you know minority governments are about
negotiation they're about give and take
but I'm very hesitant to get into any
type of coalition or any formal
agreements with the Conservatives the
problem with the conservative party here
in New Brunswick is is they've they've
kind of become a liberal light party you
know they they've they've lost their way
I think over the years where you can't
tell the difference between the liberal
and conservative parties anymore but
there are some things that they have
pushed or that we certainly agree with
and you know I'm willing to work with
him as much as possible to create
stability and to get things done here at
home you know you sound a little bit to
me and I'm not putting you in his camp
or anything but just you've made me
think of Maxine Burnie twice because
first of all the name of your party the
People's Alliance and and his is the
People's Party and your criticisms of
the Conservatives from which you've come
they're a liberal light that sounds like
something Maxine brunier would say about
the Andrew Shearer Conservatives have
you had any interactions with with
Bernie or his team is there any thing
you look at him as a role model or vice
versa I'm just curious if there's any
connection because it does strike me as
as similar and critics would say you
split the vote from the conservative but
but maybe supporters would say well
you're
you're there to you know make sure they
are truly conservative I don't know I
just find it an interesting phenomenon
would you have any thoughts on that well
I I guess I would say this we've been
here for eight years we started the
party in 2010 so Maxine Bernie come on
to the scene just I guess in the last
year to go so right so no there's no
connection whatsoever there with mr.
Bernie I did have a chance to meet him
when he was running in the leadership
you know I met him you know had that
conversation with him but beyond that
there's there's no connection whatsoever
with mr. Bernie I do understand his
sentiment with the two-party system I've
been saying that provincially and I know
the Conservatives and the Liberals
frankly in this last campaign used the
vote splitting myth quite heavily man
apparently the people of New Brunswick
didn't buy into it thankfully they voted
for what they believed in and that's
what we need I believe in our in our
system we got to stop this idea of you
know these parties seem to think they
own people's votes or they're entitled
to people's votes and and that's just
arrogance and-and-and foolishness
frankly I own my own vote and I'll vote
for what I believe and if everybody did
that I think we'd have a better a better
system you've been very generous with
your time with us today and I'm just
delighted to meet you in person we've
been we've been talking about you your
ears are burning and it's a it's glad to
hear it straight from you it strikes me
that you are independent minded and and
you've said a few things today that I
wouldn't say they surprised me but but
they certainly caught my ear
when you questioned the the giant
refinery
well that's taking on quite a quite a
powerful interest the Irving refinery
and and when you challenge the
traditional application of bilingualism
especially that crazy paramedic I mean
example you're taking on a sacred cow
and the fact that you're not willing to
sign a perpetual contract or a binding
contract with the conservative you
sounding very independent to me which I
like because here it sends like you're a
tiny bit of a rebel if I can use that
word I want to know how you've been
treated by the political establishment
including the media the media because I
think sometimes the media is a very
closed group it's a clique
and if you get offside with them they'll
marginalize you they'll call you
extremists I mean you use the phrase
socialist mentality have you been called
far-right or have you been marginalized
by polite company or do people just know
you well enough and there's New
Brunswick a small enough place that that
kind of name-calling just wouldn't work
on you well I think it's been attempted
but I think you're right I think you
just hit it on the head New Brunswick is
a small town mentality right you know
the people that know me and old and read
our platform the things that we stand
for they see that we're not this
far-right radical group well we are is
where a group of common sense rational
people that are saying the system is out
of whack and you can't just prune the
edges you need to you need to roll up
your sleeves and do some serious
gardening if you if you will you know to
get things right and in terms of the
Irving oil refinery I mean look we think
it's great that it's here it employs a
lot of people and and and we support the
refinery all we're asking is that that
refinery will pay a reasonable and fair
share of taxes into the province because
again that refinery does not include
machinery and equipment in their
assessments so they have a very very low
amount of taxes that they would pay
comparable to places like Alberta where
they'd be paying twenty million dollars
more in taxes every year so again we
want industry but we want industry
paying fair and reasonable taxes because
when they don't people do they you know
then again when you get these Liberal
government's expend with all these three
programs and free to everything
everybody taxes have to pay for that so
they put people's taxes through the roof
I don't know if you guys or if you heard
about the property tax scandal that
happened in New Brunswick but another
case where people the government
literally fabricated renovations to
homes to try to increase more tax
revenue and it blew up here in this
province it was insane Wow I'm not
familiar with that but and you certainly
again told me something quite surprising
I'm very glad to have spent these past
20 minutes with you I'm grateful for
your time it sounds like you're in a
curious holding pattern until the
lieutenant governor makes a ruling I
wish you good luck I'm impressed with
what I've heard and I'm sure that our
viewers from around the country
are now going to be following much more
closely your efforts and I'm sure they
would join with me and wishing you good
luck and and to say that I personally
find what you're saying quite exciting
and I hope it catches on and and
hopefully we can talk to you again in
the future
after the government is resolved and
when you're actually getting into the
hard work of governing yes no I
appreciate that Ezzor than any time I'd
love to come back well that's wonderful
thank you very much and good luck thank
you appreciate time there yeah but
that's Chris Austin he's the leader of
the people's alliance of New Brunswick
as he mentioned the party has been
around since 2010 but now they have
three elected legislators second in
seven more ridings and they seem to hold
the balance of power that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
