Cathleen when she's nervous she's really
nervous she's getting personal I'm not
getting personal with Kathleen when I'm
gonna hold Kathleen Wynne accountable
based on her record her record there is
hope for the future and help is on the
way I'm making a bit of a mess here for
the paper so ladies and gentlemen let's
give away big Ajax welcome a big durham
welcome to our leader the next Premier
of Ontario ladies and gentlemen
Doug Ford
well thank you rod and what a what a
warm welcome I appreciate everyone
coming out tonight my friends we've had
a few announcements this week and we'll
start off with our announcement today
our announcement today is helping people
out helping people find jobs and the
only way we're gonna help people find
jobs is by creating an environment for
companies to come to Ontario and open up
and right now what we've seen for 15
years there hasn't been an environment
for creating jobs to the contrary
we've lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs
here in Ontario the reason we've lost
300,000 manufacturing jobs when
companies look at - Ontario to come here
they look at every bit of red tape and
regulation you could possibly think of
you look at the highest hydro rates of
North America you look at the worst tax
someone could ever have which is the
carbon tax that's not an environment to
create jobs today our announcement is
we're making sure that companies can
thrive small businesses medium
businesses large businesses we're
reducing the tax rate for businesses
from 11 and a half down to 10 and a half
percent that's
that is one step of many that we're
gonna take we're gonna make sure this is
the most business-friendly region in
North America we see every single day
how we're competing against the rest of
the world we see every day how we're
competing against our neighbors to the
south we have to be competitive and with
the help of all my friends here and the
rest of you we will make sure this
province thrives our sir thank you our
other announcement this week was about
the Six Million Dollar Man I'm not too
sure if you heard about the Six Million
Dollar Man as I've been Criss crossing
the province I've been talking to let's
Kathleen Wynne : tell her I say hi
my friends when I criss cross the
province and I've hit every single town
every single city and we're gonna
continue doing it around the clock I'm
having people come up to me with their
hydro bills and saying I can't afford to
pay my hydro I have a choice between
heating and eating I have every single
company I go to no matter what size it
is talking about the hydro rates we went
to one company that actually employs
roughly about 300 people three locations
and they post their hydro bill on a
Bolton board so you see the delivery
charges has started out three thousand
dollars the bill by the time all the
additional charges took place it was
over $30,000 $30,000 and yet and you
look any other region it's less than
half of that less than half of that and
we wonder what's going on at hydro I'll
tell you what's going on
hydro as people are struggling we did
our comparators just like all the folks
in here you go shopping you'll compare
prices you go apply for a job you
compare what they're paying so we did
the same thing we went across the
country looked at all the people that
were CEOs running hydro for BC for
Alberta from Manitoba and Saskatchewan
Quebec and so on so forth the pay
fluctuated from about 450 thousand to
550 thousand for the CEOs after
hammering away hammering away about the
sunshine list they weren't on the
sunshine list mysteriously Kathleen when
Kai bashed it told them don't say a word
about the executive pay finally after
being persistent they came out with the
executive pay we found out the executive
pay for our CEO was ten times the amount
of every other CEO in the country is
making four and a half million dollars a
year that's not bad enough well people
are struggling it was not bad enough
that people are struggling to pay their
hydro bills they went out or he went out
and gave himself a 1.7 million dollar
raise and bonus I should say not a raise
a bonus bringing him up over six million
dollars which is the highest paid
bureaucrat in the entire country bar
none no one comes close to it when
people are struggling that's arrogance
that's being cocky but he went one step
further and so did the board one step
further it wasn't good enough for him to
get at 1.7 million dollar raise he got
all his buddies bonuses too so he spent
out of your money by the way your money
and remember this when you open your
hydro bill up he gave over 14 million
dollars of bonuses to all the top
executives in hydro
these same executives are 1 million two
million all his executives are making
more than all the rest of the CEOs in
the entire country that's coming to an
end that's coming again my friends
you're right sir that's it I agree with
that my friends you're right you've been
you've been listening in my speeches the
party's over with the taxpayers money
it's Oh bother you make me laugh okay so
again again my friends that is over 20
million dollars not mentioning all their
pay if you add up all the bonuses if
they do the same thing every single year
over four years you're well over 80
million dollars over 80 million dollars
because they don't care and Kathleen
when has zero respect for the taxpayers
if you've noticed she hasn't said a word
about it
she's sweeping it under the carpet but
that's the mentality but put us in the
debt that we have of three over three
hundred and twelve billion dollars
growing every single day that's the
reason we're paying over 12 billion
dollars of your money my money
everyone's money in Ontario trying to
pay down the debt so the next
announcement we came up with this week
as we want to find out who's getting
rich and who are the insiders who've
been taking all your money for all these
years we're doing a complete audit the
first day in office we're gonna have a
complete audit of the books of every
single ministry we'll bring a third
party in and we'll work with the Auditor
General the Auditor General found a
billion dollars with their eyes closed
but we're gonna go deeper than that
we're gonna go a lot deeper than what
the Auditor General is doing right now
we're gonna find billions of dollars
we're gonna find out who are the
insiders liberal insiders the liberal
elites
all the lobbyists will find out where
your money's being spent once we find
out where the money's being spent
once we find out where your money's
being spent we will make sure we hold
them accountable
my friends we see people struggling the
same people that have shown me their
hydro bills a lot of them are the same
people that have minimum wage that are
in desperate need of help you have to
see and talk to these people it hits you
right in the heart and I know how how
hard it would be these people are
working trying to just get ahead and
just put food on the table it's
difficult trying to survive a minimum
wage we all know that so when they jump
from 11 and change up to $14 the only
people that were making money was the
government they were collecting more
money so we announced we announced this
week that anyone who's making minimum
wage is under thirty thousand twenty
eight thousand and some-odd they're
gonna pay zero percent tax we're gonna
give them a tax credit for zero percent
tax
my friends it's not a lot it's about
eight hundred and fifty dollars I think
we quoted earlier eight hundred twenty
but my friends at CBC correct me but
it's even better so I thank you I thank
you for that it's eight hundred and
fifty dollars approximately it may not
be a law to a lot of people but it's a
lot of money to a tremendous amount of
people a tremendous amount of people so
we're gonna make sure that we put money
into their pocket instead of the
government's pocket my friends we're
gonna turn this province around together
we'll turn it around we'll make sure
that we leave no stone unturned anywhere
we're gonna be rolling out the rest of
our platform and our plan over the next
few days but our plan is about for the
people everything we do is for the
people as I've told and asked our policy
people every single policy we make it
has to be about the people and it has to
benefit the people that's what we're
gonna do and my friends once we move
forward and all my friends here get
elected a lot of smart people sitting in
this front row a lot of smart people
and we had to get good
rah-rah-rah nashwa didn't we Bob it was
in all the areas actually we're hitting
about seven different events every
single day we're going to midnight back
up at 6 o'clock but I love it
because people like you energized me
people like you are gonna help us turn
this province around we can't do this
alone any of us we need each and every
one of you to go out tell your family
and friends about our plan we want to
turn this province around and make it
the most prosperous region in the entire
country we want to make sure it's
business friendly unlike what's
happening right now I don't know if you
heard on the news Moody's one of the
biggest credit agencies in the world
we got downgraded today that puts a
ripple effect right through the business
community not just in Canada but
worldwide I know I know
Kathleen when she's nervous she's really
nervous she's getting personal I'm not
getting personal with Kathleen Wynne I'm
gonna hold Kathleen Wynne accountable
based on her record her record
folks oh I can't repeat what you just
said but nothing that's alright anyways
my friends together together we will
make sure we turn this province around
together we will make sure we have this
province thriving the lakes that this
province has never seen will blaze a new
trail of prosperity growth an
opportunity for each and every person I
want to thank you I want to thank you
for coming out tonight I want to thank
you for your help and we will turn oh
thank you that's very nice thank you
but ma'am you're the one who's gonna
help us make it happen I just love it
full of energy I love that we got a
lively bunch today Bobby you behave
yourself anyways we had a great tour by
the way really a great tour just tell
you a few minutes when when all around
the province met a lot of businesses
that are struggling one business that
was right across the other side of the
river telling me Doug give me a reason
why I should stay here
so I game the reason how we're gonna
reduce how to rates get rid of the
carbon tax make sure that we reduce
taxes which we announced today make sure
that we help the most vulnerable in
society give them a hand up but again
we're gonna do this together so I want
to thank you I want to thank you for
coming tonight I want to thank my team
they've been working day in and day out
and we will turn this province around
god bless each and every one of you
thank you for coming today thank you
you
you
