well things are heating up performer FBI
director james comey but not in a good
way
James Comey is out there on his book
tour making an absolute fool of himself
he's contradicting previous statements
he's all over the place on now on
whether or not he thought General
Michael Flynn told the truth initially
he said he didn't but apparently to sell
books it's better to demonize the
general who you know I believe believe
will go down in history as an American
hero homie is out there contradicting
himself statement after statement
appearance after appearance he's making
himself look like a petty fool caddy
immature undignified he's certainly not
doing any justice to the FBI
having been a director there have only
been a dozen or so FBI directors in
history homie made it to a very elite
club and he did all he could do to drop
the ball well now Andrew McCabe is
swinging back at Comey this from the
Washington Examiner Andrew McCabe swipes
at James Comey he's not telling the
truth Andrew McCabe starts by saying
Andrew McKay was fired as FBI deputy
director last month hit back at former
FBI director James Comey saying he was
not telling the truth in an interview
earlier Wednesday now homie was out
there yesterday saying that he was the
one who started the Inspector General
probe and Andrew McCabe and he didn't
trust McCabe the homie
comes off to me as simply not credible
everyone else is wrong Comey is right
homie is a saint
Comey did everything perfectly it's
everybody else who was picking on poor
little Jimmy now look I think Andrew
McCabe is an arch criminal so I love
watching these two guys go at each other
I love watching them go out each other
now in an appearance on ABC's The View
yesterday homie said like I just
mentioned that he ordered the probe that
eventually led the McCabe's firing and
believes McCabe lied about his
conversation with the media the Comey
said quote and the Cape case illustrates
what an organization that's committed to
the truth looks like we investigated I
ordered the investigation we I ordered
the investigation we investigate and
hold people accountable
I still believe that this is where it
gets even more ridiculous
I still believe Andrew McCabe is a good
person but the Inspector General found
that he lied and there are severe
consequences in the Justice Department
for lying as there should be throughout
government but wasn't James Comey fired
for leaking information and lying about
it didn't James Comey lie under oath to
Congress as in games call me mr. perfect
mr. sanctimonious also had some problems
with the truth yep he has
now last week as you remember we
discussed the inspector general's report
in depth and it found the mccabe lacked
candor on four separate occasions
including three times under oath
remember I gave you those rules from the
Department of Justice's Office of
Inspector General and the FBI's code of
conduct there was a rule for lack of
candor
without being under oath and one for
lack of candor while being under oath
McKay violated the latter the more
serious one several times he now
makini inspector general issued their
report McCabe's lawyer punched back
yesterday at call me he said quote
neither mr. Comey nor the OIG is
infallible and in this case neither of
them has it right so now I McCabe the
other mr. sang mr. sanctimonious is
saying he's done nothing wrong he's the
innocent victim in all this the witch
hunts against him we concluded the OIG
report if you remember said but we
concluded that McCabe lacked candor on
four separate occasions in connection
with the disclosure of the Wall Street
Journal three of those occasions
included and involved his testimony
under oath that's direct quote from the
OIG report now
McCabe's lawyers have come out swinging
it call me basically saying that he's a
liar that Andrew McCabe leered his
conversations with the Wall Street
Journal with James Comey prior to
leaking the information Comey is saying
that's absolutely not true
brew McCabe right under the bus and
McCabe is now facing the music he'll
probably be criminally charged
Loretta Lynch is also in hot water
because it appears in things Comey was
saying that he felt she was compromised
that she wouldn't have charged Hillary
Clinton in the face of overwhelming
evidence now Comey backpedals on that he
says well I had to act Savannah Guthrie
from NBC interviewed him and he was like
well he basically admitted he it didn't
basically he admitted this Vanna Guthrie
that he was acting because I thought
Savannah Guthrie for a liberal NBC
reporter actually did a very good job
putting Comey on the hot seat and she
said look there are investigators in our
prosecutors investigators investigate
prosecutors prosecute you acted
boat and Comey says well I did and his
reason and I'll paraphrase was that had
he sent the referral the criminal
referral over to the Department of
Justice and Loretta Lynch's DOJ didn't
prosecute
he said well DOJ would have faced a
reparable credibility harm well they
have anyway Jimmy
they have anyway and because of you so
has the FBI now things are getting even
worse for Comey even worse for Comey
because yesterday eleven members of
Congress referred homies name to the
Department of Justice for criminal
prosecution alongside many other names
you're gonna recognise and I'm gonna
read you that criminal referral letter
that generated by representative Ron de
santis and ten others
I'm gonna read it to you and I'm gonna
tell you who the other subjects that
these Congress people want criminally
prosecuted are on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel this is really
important content this Comey
investigation McCabe Inspector General
Russia gate Obama gate is really heating
up we're starting to see some things
happen it's it's intriguing it's
interesting and I want to bring you the
latest on it every day so help me keep
doing that by subscribing to our premium
service at WWWE a forward slash shows
