the depths of corruption that America
inherited after eight years of the Obama
administration it's hard to fathom
because every day we hear more and more
of the background story and the very
disturbing details of about how
politicized his regime was James Comey
is on a book tour he just gave an
interview in which he made unfounded
statements about the president the
former director of the FBI said well he
doesn't know if but with regards to
Russia collusion what do we know well I
can tell you with certitude that after
more than a year all we do know is that
there is no evidence of so-called Russia
collusion between the president his
campaign and Moscow but we know for
certain because he admitted it on camera
that this man James Comey is a liar he's
a fraud this man has admitted to leaking
classified presidential meaning memos to
friends in the media this man has
admitted that he didn't want Donald
Trump to become president how then was
he able to be the director of the FBI
well that is the question this is an
individual who is fueled by ego clearly
a narcissist his book is petty
it is like the rantings of a high school
girl who didn't get to be the prom queen
that's James Comey but it isn't just
about one man it's about what this one
man has done to the reputation of
formerly the most prestigious law
enforcement organization in the world
last week a senior FBI agent texted me
after the recent revelations about Comey
and mccabe his former deputy and she
said to me she is for the first time in
her career ashamed of being associated
with the FBI j.edgar hoover the first
director did great great damage to the
FBI when it was found out he was using
secret surveillance and files on
political adversaries as weapons within
federal government it took decades for
the FBI to rebuild its reputation win
back the trust of the American people
and our law enforcement partners not
just domestically but internationally
James Comey the liar the perjurer who
lied in front of Congress has done more
to damage the FBI the J Edgar Hoover
ever did we must get to the bottom of
all the corruption of the Obama
administration's FBI DOJ CIA IRS the non
have patients were only 15 months into
this administration we are the
conservatives we don't believe in
kangaroo courts we believe in the rule
of law but people must be charged and
must be prosecuted because the last
eight years saw an unrivaled perversion
of our Republic's rule of law thank you
for watching the Gawker briefing if you
like this video please check out the
rebel media YouTube channel follow me on
Twitter at Seb Gorka that's Seb g o RK a
and share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help
we can push back on the fake news
industrial complex and finally get the
truth out god bless
