well I remember when it was the exact
moment that I realized Donald Trump
could win and would win the 2016
presidential election I had made the
mistake until that moment of following
the narrative of the mainstream media
that it was about Hollywood celebrities
endorsing Hillary Clinton or maybe it
was about the emails and motivating
conservatives now know the moment when I
understood how Donald Trump would win
the electoral college was from the most
unlikely source namely a left-wing shlep
named Michael Moore when he gave this
speech in Michigan take a look whether
Trump means it or not it's kind of
irrelevant because he's saying the
things to people who are hurting and
it's why every beaten-down
nameless forgotten working stiff who
used to be part of what was called the
middle class loves Trump he is the human
Molotov cocktail that they've been
waiting for the human hand grenade that
they can legally throw into the system
that stole their lives from them well I
saw that and I thought oh my god that is
exactly how it's going to happen and
Hillary Clinton didn't know it the only
Democrat and I saw in the whole campaign
that gave me a shiver that made me think
oh my god they might actually win was
this ad by the United States Steel
Workers that got very little actual play
remember this one
my name's jack Dippold and I've been a
steel worker for 24 years this election
is a little bit different and Donald
Trump does talk a good game when it
comes to China in Mexico but let me tell
you a little something about Donald
Trump the Chinese have been illegally
dumping steel and aluminum into this
country the problem is the Donald Trump
is buying this steel and he's using it
in his projects now Trump says he's
gonna rebuild the steel industry that
steel could have been made here in
Indiana Pennsylvania or Ohio another
thing Donald Trump says our wages are
too high let's see him go into one of
our plants with his soft hands and work
for a day and then tell us our wages are
too high
Donald Trump says he uses bankruptcy as
a tool I've seen what bankruptcy does to
our brothers and sisters
I've seen them losing their houses and
their cars unable to provide food to put
on their tables can't pay their bills we
don't have a father that can give us a
million dollars in bailout look Donald
Trump is nothing more than a boss and
when you go to pull that lever on
November 8th think of that's who you
want as your boss
yeah I bet Jack tipples voting for Trump
now well what is this new Republican
Party that cobbled together previously
Democrat voting blue-collar workers from
the Rust Belt how does a billionaire I
tracked that kind of voter well a man
who I think has cracked the code is our
friend Frank Buckley he's a professor at
George Mason University at the Scalia
School of Law and is the author of the
new book called the Republican Workers
Party and he joins us now via Skype
professor Buckley great to have you back
on the show I should just say before we
get started your appearance discussing
NAFTA and Chrystia Freeland irritating
Washington DC that was very prescient
because shortly after that Donald Trump
himself remarked on how much he didn't
think Chrystia Freeland was a good fit
for Canada absolutely right no she was a
disaster and you know full marks to
Jared for pulling it off you know I mean
a lot of people were worried about Trump
being somebody who was just you know
totally opposed 20 free trade agreement
what he showed is know he knows how to
work the deal yeah right well that's
very interesting and I encourage our
viewers to go back and see that
interview you did with me which was one
of our most popular in the last month
because I think you have the straight
talk on NAFTA that Canadians just
weren't getting from other media sources
but today I want to talk about something
related and you call it the Republican
Workers Party and that's that's a a
phrase that I think a lot of folks on
the Left would regard as an oxymoron I
wrote a book once called ethical oil and
that made the left go crazy because they
thought there's no such thing as ethical
oil is that the same reaction that
phrase Republican Workers Party and
totally and you know it drove the left
absolutely none so I debated a couple of
lefties a couple of weeks back Michael
Kazon from descent magazine and somebody
from American Prospect robert kuttner
and they were outraged by the use of the
word workers I mean it's a label that
Trump himself uses but they thought the
Democrats had property rights on the
word
workers and what I said well you know at
one time you did there was an old
honorable you know democratic party the
party of Tip O'Neill that you know that
worried about that sort of thing except
that now you've become the party of
transgender bathrooms and bicycle lanes
so you've given up you know the you know
the old concern of the Democrats for you
know the average American worker and you
become the party of an ultra elite
that's distance itself from ordinary
Americans and you know what we ate your
lunch yeah you know it's interesting
I've observed that in Canada we've had a
lot of debates up here professor about
oil and gas so that's guys who work
outdoors wear hard hats got gals too but
mainly guys drive trucks drill things
mind things they come home they're tired
part of their body hurts that used to be
the bedrock of our Socialist Party up
here called the NDP but there's been a
war against industry and those guys you
know
coal miners perfect example a coal miner
would have been in the Union and would
have had a tough job and would have been
you know someone a left-wing politician
would have tried to romance but under
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton in the
modern left they try and stamp out coal
saying it's anti environmental they
don't care about the workers they care
about you know some frog of some sort
there's some bee of some sort
you know the NDP is a good example of
what we're talking about hey you know
look I became an American in 2014 before
then I was simply a Canadian still them
and I know moreover I missus chi-chuen
boy so I've met Tommy Douglas and that
was a different NDP I mean the same kind
of thing has happened to the NDP right
now it's become the prisoner of identity
politics and it's not really on the side
of ordinary Canadian workers painting
here you know what what's so interesting
I was just reading a little bit about
your book the Republican Party in the
States it certainly wasn't the
Republican Workers Party until Trump
made it so I mean Mitt Romney and I give
him much more credit than many others do
because he's such a I think he really is
a good egg
he's been anti-trump but he he's lived
an exemplary life I think though that a
lot of Republicans and the Republican a
lead in the brain trust it was sort of
think tank think tankers based in
Washington who had academic debates
about things and policies in the
abstract I think they were in a way
disconnected from the regular cut and
thrusts of ordinary Americans lives it
was sort of what charles murray wrote
about in his book coming apart it was
elite republicans in elite postal codes
rubbing shoulders without with other
intellectual elites and they forgot
about flyover country you know they
belong sort of like the snobs or the
democrats too yeah absolutely right i
mean that they're an inside the beltway
group of people they like to pretend
that they're the brains of the outfit
but they're more like the stomach they
they just eat up all of the donor money
from conservative donors and you know
the classic gap by romney was a
distinction between makers and takers
but that came from you know the american
enterprise institute so they're around
they're still you know getting all the
money but they're pretty much irrelevant
in terms of the policies of the
republican workers party may know that
they really don't get it nor does the
republican party quite yet it's a party
in shambles yeah well you know one of
the things that i I when I was a student
I would go to the Fraser Institute
events and they're very free market
oriented and I really admired Milton
Friedman the Nobel Prize winning
economist and I and I still believe in
those things but III don't think the
world is as simple as well if you bring
in migrant workers you pay five cents
less for a tomato that's that is
absolutely true
but you have five dollars in costs
whether it's crime or your health care
and schools are overcrowded or you have
cultural changes that you didn't sign up
for so you know I think that a purely
economic analysis like free trade a
unilateral declaration of free trade
which some libertarians would call for
or open borders of all sorts those may
make sense if you're only doing math
but if you're looking at other things
they're a real problem especially in the
age of mass migration and terrorism
that's my view what do you think
professor absolutely right you know the
the problem with the the old Republican
Party is it managed to convey a perfect
deterrence to libertarian principles but
at the same time and indifference to
people and you know you know look
frankly people are not going to vote on
the basis of philosophy right I mean
they're gonna ask themselves is you know
is this guy gonna make things better for
us and and and Trump communicated that
wonderfully nobody inside the beltway
got it but you drove outside the Beltway
for 20 miles and all of a sudden in 2016
that summer all the signs said Trump and
many of them were hand-painted signs
some of them were on the sides of barns
right you view those were the only
things who saw so if you lived outside
the Beltway you got it right
but but even now you know people people
still have not quite figured it out you
know I remember watching Al Gore
embarrass Ross Perot on tariffs because
Ross Perot was worried about libertarian
free trade that had a corrosive effect
on communities and there was a meanness
there and Ross Perot was a little quirky
and and and he lost that fight and and I
and I I've been following Donald Trump
long enough to know that he was always
against free trade first with Japan and
then with China and other places and I
always thought that's not good and even
in his trade war that he threatened with
Canada it would make cars in America
more expensive it would it would have
tacked on a 20% tariff on our cars and I
thought well that's gonna hurt Americans
well it's true it would make Americans
pay more for fruit more for cars but the
benefit that we weren't thinking of just
as libertarians was when you also have
men with jobs and you also have
communities that aren't hollowed out you
you you maybe you're paying people a
little bit more at the Tim Hortons
restaurant because you're not bringing
in temporary foreign workers so maybe
you're paying an extra nickel for your
coffee but you've got a
a working wage for so these are laughing
thoughts but capitalist billionaire like
Trump was articulating them it's hard to
it's hard to grok if you're a lot
old-school conservative well here's you
know here's the thing that made all the
difference in the world and most people
didn't notice it but I did and it was
this back around 2012 for the first time
Americans reported that they no longer
thought their kids would have it better
off than they did and and Barack Obama
got it and said I'm gonna make things
better and he you know the Republicans
really simply didn't answer that I mean
Mitt Romney came up with a but I think a
fifty-seven point you know plan of
action which really had nothing to do
with with the mobility I'm describing
and what I'm describing is the American
Dream I mean the American Dream was dead
and prep Obama promised to get it back
and he completely failed right we were
totally good used to the new normal in
his last year of office the growth was
about 1.7 percent and we had thrown
every little tool in the new keynesian
toolbox at this we had increased our
debt from 10 to 19 trillion dollars a
year and it didn't do a darn thing in
terms of bringing back jobs so you know
we had on the one hand a tone-deaf
Republican Party on the other hand we
had a Democratic Party that got it but
failed to produce anything and there was
Donald and he was the one guy who said
who firstly who communicated he was
tough enough to take on the Dems and you
see right now in the Kavanagh here it's
just the kind of toughness you need and
secondly I mean as opposed to all of the
other Republicans basically he said look
I'm on the side of the ordinaryjoe and
all of us yeah well let me ask you about
another Republican leader I'm referring
to Scott Walker the governor who has had
big battles with unions in his state
he's governor of Wisconsin if I'm not
mistaken and they've had a recall vote I
mean he has been battling the unions and
one of his things was to end mandatory
union dues and you can imagine how hard
the unions fought against that because
he basically collects
did their revenue for them and when it
was no longer mandatory a lot of workers
said yeah I don't want to I don't want
to pay money for that I think that
defunding or ending them and the
mandatory powers of unions is absolutely
important if any conservatives ever
gonna have a chance how do you take away
the unfair political tools of unions
like Scott Walker did but me friendly
enough to unions to get the grassroots
members to support you as a conservative
well okay firstly I worked in a campaign
I wrote speeches for the candidate and
for his family I advised on transition
so my book the Republican Workers Party
does give an inside view of what
happened and we discover it you know are
we decided early on we're not going to
beat up on private-sector unions because
these are our people these guys are
going to vote for a candidate public
sector totally different and in terms of
Scott Walker mostly we're talking about
opposition from public sector unions but
you know we're you know we were on the
side of private sector union members and
part of our message was you know the
best thing you can do for a union worker
is make sure that he's got a job right
so we wanted to provide the economic
conditions where that would happen and
you know what guess what the last two
quarters we've had growth at four
percent four point two and four percent
third quarter it's going to be about the
same I mean nobody thought anything like
this was possible I mean you know Obama
said it's gonna be magic that's the
secret to it all and the secret involved
taking back all the things that the left
dearly loves the regulatory state which
is the you know the Pigpen in which they
live right and you know we gave tax
reform which basically matches or
betters Canada's treatment of capital
gains tax in other words America right
now is a tax haven right in the past we
shipped jobs to other countries now
we're shipping jobs to America from
other countries yeah and that is
something I mean I I'm a Trump fan I
honestly thought
his promise of bringing factories back
and heavy industry back I thought that
was just a pipe dream
when Tim Cook the CEO of Apple announced
that he was repatriating what a quarter
of a trillion dollars and paying an 11
figure tax for the pleasure of doing so
I thought well maybe it's true if
Apple's bring in a quarter trillion back
to America and talking about high-tech
manufacturing my god maybe it's true
yeah let me say one thing I'll tell us
about the Republican Workers Party I
mean you might appreciate this but you
know it's not all that far different
from a Stephen Harper Tory party right
in the sense that you know really early
on in the campaign people asked oh this
is Brian you know trumps all right i
dinner with a guy from rebbe p at the
tro stroke Institute he said yeah but
what about entitlements and I thought
you idiot you really don't get it we're
not gonna go after entitlements we're
not going to touch Social Security in
the past
Republicans had all of these wonderful
ideas about privatizing Social Security
and guess what that was just nuts in
terms of the electoral process America
has one of the most generous social
safety nets in the world and you know on
a per capita basis were more generous in
Canada okay
so yeah so you know we don't spend it
wisely okay but we spend it and you know
in a hundred odd federal programs as
well as state and local right and yeah
and yeah there are things you can do
about that but what you don't do is give
up on ordinary Americans so you know on
one hand the promises we're gonna give
jobs to people who can work and on the
other hand if somehow you're not able to
work we're gonna look after you we're
not going to take things away we don't
we are not one of those green eyeshade
Republicans of the kind you saw in the
past who basically love to give money to
you know to the rich people you know one
thing that I would have liked to have
seen in fact would have been in the tax
reform package would have been getting
rid of some of the perks for the uber
wealthy people in America so I mean
Steve been and wanted a you know I think
a 40 percent tax on people making more
than 500 million
five hundred thousand dollars a year
that that's a sort of a radical idea
that the Trump people were supporting
and you know that we're coming from a
very you know Stephen Harper Tory place
here but the Trump effect the Trump
factor cannot be understated I mean the
fact that a not just rich not just
billionaire but a an extravagant
over-the-top conspicuous consumption and
was in all the rap videos until about
three years ago who was in who was all
gold and ornate that he would have a rap
whore with working men and women that
were so hard to figure out no it's not
hard at all because look you know if
you're just a regular Joe you kind of
resented when a politician comes around
and talks about how he likes pork rinds
you know you kind of dislike it when you
know a guy who is an acid fund manager
where it's blue jeans and a flannel
shirt so you know he's putting you on
right Trump on the other hand he didn't
stoop he didn't condescend he said this
is why I'm and people loved it you know
if you're a you know a regular Joe you
appreciate people who just lived their
regular lives they're not gonna
condescend you and I'll say one other
thing about Trump and that is you know
the people he loved hanging out with
were construction people I mean this is
a construction guy right and on any
project he loved just going around
talking to people working you know
building his hotels these these were
Morris kind of people I mean he's not a
Park Avenue liberal he's not even close
to that and this is something regular
ordinary Americans from we in West
Virginia whatever love you know it's why
I think of the old joke the rich are not
like us they have more money or the
roots are just like us but they have
more money as in Trump is a regular guy
who happens to be a billionaire and it
has a lot of hooks but I remember when
early in this camp I think it was 2015
when he was asked how much money do you
have and someone put a number to him
and and I knew that any other politician
would try and round it down oh no no I'm
not rich Trump did the opposite
he's saying I'm worth way more than that
wait and I thought that's the opposite
of what every handler would try and do
they would try and take the plutocrat
out of them that's what they tried with
Mitt Romney Trump went the other
direction and I think people said right
on not only that it's entertaining and
maybe he's turning something that the
rest of us thought was embarrassing I'm
successfully saying I'm not embarrassed
to be successful and the guy who would
say I'm not embarrassed to be a
billionaire would also say I'm not
embarrassed to support coal which had
been made uncool I'm not embarrassed to
support industrial things to get out of
the Paris global warming scheme all
these fashionable TED talk circuit
things the stuff that Christian Freeland
is so expert at that they think is so
uncool Trump loves that stuff I think
you're right I think he loves dirt and
wood and stones and digging and stuff
like and hardhats I've seen pictures and
hard hat and it doesn't look fake yeah
you know that he got started rebuilding
the skating rink at Rockefeller Center
right now you know I was going to take
ten years and he did it in a couple of
months I mean yeah he likes getting his
hands dirty that way I'll say something
else about the kind of people who
supported him there's this one county in
America which is sacred ground for the
left its Harlan County Kentucky
it's where the series justified is said
but it's also the site of the Union war
in the 1930s unions against bosses Union
the United Mine Workers and Pete Seeger
wrote a song about this called which
side are you on
oh you know Harlan I mean it's it's
heavy-duty left-wing stuff Harlan County
voted 85% for Trump in 26 well I I
didn't know that it's very I didn't I
know that song I've heard Billy Bragg
singing it's a jailing song which side
are you on boys it's a it's a hammer
song you know it's our song yeah I
didn't know I thought that was Billy
Bragg song he's economy well no it's all
those left-wing associations but it is a
song or the chrome campaigns in that
internet which side are you on board
what we are
side of the workers and we're not on the
side of people inside the beltway here
yeah
you've been very generous with your time
and I thank you for that I really
enjoyed our last conversation so thank
you for letting me stretch this went out
the book is the Republican Workers Party
we'll have a link to the Amazon page
below this video so folks can buy it I
have two more questions for your
professor one is I believe that the
promise of the wall was the most
meaningful thing Trump did and I used to
say and I haven't said it recently but I
just haven't thought of it I used to say
if Trump doesn't build the wall no
matter what else he does he loses if
Trump does build the wall no matter what
else he does he wins now I'm not sure if
I believe that math anymore but I did
say that quite a bit in last year I
think the wall is a bunch of things I
think it is stopping illegal immigration
so it's a crime statement it's a
statement about protecting jobs for
American workers from being undercut by
cheap illegal labor
I think it's worries about demographic
change and cultural change and law
breaking but I think it's also proof
tangible proof that the guy's a builder
not just a talker so to me it's all
those things it's a symbol and you can
test it is the wall built yes or no it's
not some vague abstract paper thing
what's up because Trump is coming up on
his second year of it since his election
and there's no wall and don't tell me
those little tests sites of a few meters
is a wall there's no wall there's no
wall but you know something the wall
you're right was a symbol for a whole
bunch of things and mostly it was a
symbol for a completely broken
immigration system which involves not
just illegal but also legal immigration
very early on in campaign I've written a
previous book I had a whole chapter and
how crazy our immigration system is and
how the way to do it is to adopt the
Canadian system and Trump publicly
praised the book for specifically
immigration the immigration plan that he
came up with proposed by by Senator
cotton and then Perdue which is the
Canadian system right you know
and you know it was great because people
would say racist racist racist and you
know the answer was what this is
Canadian now how can you say this right
I mean it is it you know the key is in
this as in all things will this make the
American people better off yeah
interesting real simple I think most can
that by far I would say I would bet you
that fewer than I bet you're one percent
of Canadians know that jump has remarked
with admiration on our immigration
system I don't think any kid I've never
heard of discussed in Canada I've seen
that by the time American no Canadian
which says that because that's contrary
to all our about Trump I'll make two
points number one Tom cotton was liaison
with Harper's immigration people and
drafting it and number two you may be
right about Kent Canadians not knowing
it because when I kind of made that
point in a CBC interview I had to walk
off the set basically I think cuz the
interviewer was certain options yeah I
remember that CBC yeah let me just take
30 seconds and show our viewers I you're
talking about rosemary Barton you've had
a couple appearances I enjoyed your one
with reshmi Mayer when she was just
stunned that anyone could think that
Chrystia Freeland was less than a
warrior princess but this is the one I
think you're referring to it's you with
rosemary part and she she gave you a
little bit of lecture here just a
reminder for our viewers know it's not
social liberalism though that allows
people to be given things the United
States has a welfare system more
generous than Canada I know you don't
think it's true America has 72 different
federal welfare schemes and as a host of
state ones in terms of welfare per GDP
it is I think the second most generous
country in the world
okay so last time I live in Canada was
about 25 years ago right so forgive me
if I know more about the country than
you thank you for your time appreciate
it that's Frank Buckley thank you well
professor you've been with us for almost
half an hour I know you got to go but
please let me squeeze out one more
question just sure thank you for
indulging me I'm so glad you told me the
story about Harlan County Kentucky and
I'm gonna research that and try and
learn about it cuz very interesting and
I that song which side you're on is very
powerful song for many reasons and I
often resented songs that prey on
jealousy or envy and and sometimes
socialist songs which side are you on
and the whole Occupy Wall Street
movement there was a very definite
strain of envy and jealousy and tearing
down others but so you know if you know
what we did we called them out for their
hypocrisy whether they said they were on
this side of ordinary people we said you
are cruel hypocrites well here's here's
where I was going with that there are
some forms of elitism that either are
not earned or are abused and so when I
say which side are you on I don't think
of a billionaire who earned his way
through genius and hard work I think
when I think of which side are you on
boys which side are you on I think of
the abusive liberties taken by Mark
Zuckerberg Jeff Bezos Tim Cook Jack
Dorsey of Twitter the people who use our
information technology that has us all
hooked and has us all dependent on them
and who are now once we're in using them
abusively to censor and shame and school
and put their finger on the scale of
elections and shut down
voices they disagree on it they're
almost all left-wing they're almost all
Democrats are almost all in San
Francisco area and they have more power
than the rockefeller Carnegie's of their
day and you had Reagan bust the trust
with the phone companies he had Teddy
Roosevelt bust the trust was with some
of the oil companies is this something
Donald Trump would say I'm gonna help
the little guy I'm gonna help 350
million little guys in northern
Erica and I got to take on those
privileged elites that are abusing their
privileges well you know Americans are
pretty good at sniffing out hypocrisy
the most part and you know we really
smell it from the left from the elite
left because there were bonds who
pretend that their jacobins and it
doesn't tell me what you mean by that I
saw I saw that note and and I know a
little bit about the Bourbons of the
Japanese but not well it didn't smart
about it yeah well these are the guys
who are basically in the position of the
French aristocracy circa 1780 and they
pretend that they're the guy running the
guillotine and they're not they're the
guys who are being executed right oh it
should be so you know like I say we you
know it all smells and we can figure out
the hypocrisy behind it and we know
they're not on our side yeah well it'll
be interesting to see what he does
because I as I've said if Trump doesn't
bust them they'll bust him I really
believe that what Professor I can't keep
you any longer although I would enjoy it
and maybe one day we'll have to sit down
over a beer and I'll steal you for an
hour and but I know our viewers really
enjoyed your last visit with us so thank
you for being back here and
congratulations on the book we'll just
put it up on the screen here for one
more moment it's called the Republican
Workers Party and folks can get it on
Amazon on the link below great to see
you again thank you it's always great to
be with you thanks so much my pleasure
there you have it professor Frank
Buckley of George Mason University
Scalia School of Law the book the
Republican Workers Party I think it is a
form of a rosetta stone to understand
Trump and his victory what do you think
let me know send me an email that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezreal
Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel on media slash shows
you
