so yesterday I was reading the news and
I saw there was an article about
Morrissey and it's should come as no
surprise really that Morrissey would say
something against have I'll meet and
that's what the article was about now
Morrissey's a vegetarian vegan type he's
concerned about animal welfare all that
kind of stuff so it's not surprising to
hear him talk about halau but I didn't
read the article properly and it was
only later on in the day when I saw some
tweets that I realized what the story
was and the story is that Morrissey
endorsed Amory waters new party for
Britain him halts the party real
surprise
I mean Morrissey has made reference to a
memory before and he that was a shock
back then as well it was it was when
Amory lost
she came second in the you Kipp
leadership election and Morrissey during
a sixth music session before he was
about to start one of his songs he says
something on the wines although it was
great to see
Amory waters when you keep leadership oh
wait no they didn't it was rigged and
people went to meltdown I remember
watching that and David Walliams from
Little Britain and all these other
liberals sort of left-wing G people in
the audience right shocked it was
brilliant so seeing this news that he
endorsed for Britain was amazing so it
was in an interview with a guy called
John riggers really extensive interview
and here's what the renews reporting on
it pink news the gay website who happens
to call me a homophobe by the way pink
News says Morrissey backed controversial
far-right party for Britain and claims
Hitler was left-wing well you know was
left wing The Guardian
Morrissey denounces how our meat as evil
it is an attacks may con abbot amor x
myths frontman claims have our slaughter
requires certification that can only be
given by supporters of Isis true how
about certification funds terrorism and
I did a video about this which you
should watch and throw support behind
far-right for Britain party far-right
Morrissey's been I mean Morrissey
far-right I mean that the guys as
left-wing as they come which is
interesting idea I'll get onto that in a
minute so we've also got BBC News shut
up more Aseema
the message returns due to popular
demand mail online furious Morrissey
claims evil how our meat can only be
produced by supporters of Isis and rages
against Sadiq Khan because he can't talk
probably good one enemy Morrissey's
hawks racism left-wing Hitler says Sadiq
Khan cannot talk properly he also said
that even Tesco wouldn't give a job to
Diane Abbott I mean she couldn't operate
the till could she so no this is
interesting and I wanted to take a quick
look at what exactly Morrissey said so
on his website Morrissey central there's
an interview April 16th
there is a light that must be switched
on its Morrissey talking to John riggers
and let's see what he says about for
Britain so John asked Singh you say you
have never known a British political
party that represents your views so
Morrissey said there is a new party
called for Britain they have the best
approach to animal welfare whereas no
other party even bothers to mention
animal welfare the EU will not protect
animals from halal or kosher practice
for Britain seems to say what many
British people are currently thinking
which is why the BBC or Channel 4 News
will not acknowledge them because well
for Britain would change British
politics forever and we can't have that
if you love animals you really cannot
vote Labour or conservative give animals
a break they've done enough for you let
them live isn't that astonishing I mean
actually Ezra I remember last time he
was over played me a new Morrissey song
where he's talking about the media lying
to you I think it's called and spent the
day in bed great song and so it's good
to see Morrissey singing about this and
talking about this and talking about the
fact that the media won't give the time
of day to groups like for Britain and
Murray and you'll see in these these
headlines it's just pink news is the
only one I can find there's got for
Britain in the headline all the others
have it in the subtext then it's
literally one quick mention of for
Britain now I'm sorry but a singer so
such a famous singer backing a
quote-unquote far-right party a new
party and given the fact that he's
left-wing as well that's big news big
news but of course the BBC haven't got
this in their headlines of course the
BBC haven't asked Anne Marie for an
interview of course
nobody's gonna ask Morrissey more about
it because they don't want groups like
for Britain to succeed if it was you Kip
if my obviously a back to you Kip
because it's already big and sort of
establishment now but sure this have
been everywhere but here's what's
interesting here's what's so interesting
about this Morrissey joining this party
shows us a huge shift in British public
opinion and in British politics you know
anne-marie waters came from the left if
you want to call it that from the Labour
Party but so did many others loads of
people place their faith even in Tony
but they people came from the Labour
Party and realized that immigrations
hurt them and and they're becoming more
adjusted to the idea that actually mass
immigration might not be a great idea
how Lao might not be all that nice and
Islamization may not necessarily be
positive and the fact that Morris is
seeing this and coming to a party where
Ann Marie's had a similar journey to
that it'll be fascinating to see how for
Britain does in the future because if it
keeps up this momentum where it's
attracting people from all different
walks of life all different political
perspectives then who knows maybe it
will succeed even bigger than you kipper
and the BNP ever did and because you
keep only ever manage to get the sort of
right-wing conservative Tory types and
some labor supporters the BNP just got
angry white working-class people and
they were genuinely sort of racist as
well the party by the way not the
members but Amory Waters is bringing
people from all different walks of life
for all different political perspectives
and they're uniting on big issues like
Islamization and like halal meat
fascinating fascinating to see and I
hope I hope Morrissey doing this
I hope Morrissey admitting that he
supports someone like Amory and being so
vocal on greg's it as he has been over
the last couple years I hope it inspires
more people in in media and
entertainment to be to be vocal it's a
hard thing to do when you've got a fan
base that you're worried about annoying
and Morris he's certainly annoyed a lot
of his fan base but you know he's he
showed that he has good intentions and I
hope more people will do that
let's see if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
