an interesting question is being debated
as to whether or not Sean Hannity was
Michael Cohen's client there's an
interesting debate happening right now
as to whether or not Sean Hannity was in
fact a client of Donald Trump's personal
lawyer Michael Cohen as you know the
Cohens lawyers were forced to disclose
by judge Kimball would we discuss
problems with the judge in federal court
Manhattan that Sean Hannity was the
third client while Sean Hannity is
saying he was never actually a client
that Sean Hannity was merely one guy
speaking to a friend someone whom he
respected as a good lawyer about a real
estate deal and some other minor matters
Hannity said on Fox News that he had
never paid Michael Cohen that there was
no retainer letter between he and
Michael Cohen and therefore he wasn't a
client he's also saying he has an
expectation of privacy however Alan
Dershowitz who has been a staunch
defender of the president people around
him told Sean Hannity on his program on
hannity program that Hannity should have
disclosed that he had consulted Cohen
for legal work well what should we think
about this was Sean Hannity a client
should he have disclosed it well the
first question is a little more complex
so let's go in the second one as to
whether or not he should have disclosed
it now I don't know what the standards
and policies are at Fox News for their
hosts what I have disclosed it
regardless of the standards and policies
and the answer is yes because I think
it's the ethical thing to do I don't
think it plays into the narrative of the
left many times you've seen Scott you
linger on my show Scott former CIA
station chief I bring him on for that
expertise God is also a candidate for
Congress in Pennsylvania and I advised
him on his race I advised him on how to
handle the media on how to better
promote himself on how do I more
effectively get himself on television on
radio for his race basically what I do
here but
rising a good friend and somebody I
think would be a great congressman for
the United States of America but I want
you to know that I want to be ethical Oh
before I bring Scott on the show if you
notice and if you go back to episodes of
off-the-cuff Declassified where I've
interviewed Scott on the rebel dot media
you'll notice that at the beginning of
every segment and often times even at
the end of that segment I say I'm
bringing Scott in former CIA station
chief he's one of the most experienced
guys I know on this issue but full
disclosure Scott is a candidate for
Congress and I'm helping him with his
race or I'm a supporter advising him on
his race it doesn't change why I have
money or it doesn't change his expertise
which is extensive I'm having him on for
his expertise but if we get into a
controversial topic where many people
are disagreeing with Scott's position
and I'm agreeing with him I'm never
gonna simply agree with someone because
I work with them in another capacity but
I want you to know that relationship
exists and that's what I feel Sean
Hannity should have done with regards to
Michael Cohen he could have very simply
said and right before he was defending
Michael Cohen well full disclosure
Michael Cohen's an old friend I think
he's a great lawyer and we have
discussed minor real estate legal
matters
I never retained him I was never
formally a client however just want you
to know that we have discussed legal
issues that would have been enough and
it would have killed the story that the
left is now trying to create out of this
now as for the second question was Sean
Hannity in fact a client of Michael
Cohen well that's a much more complex
issue and I'm gonna deep I'm gonna dig
very deeply into that on my longer show
off the cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel this is a really
interesting story a very interesting
element to the overall story of Michael
Cohen this this element that the left is
trying to push with Sean Hannity I think
it's much ado about nothing but we're
gonna go very deep into this and this is
really important I keep bringing you
this so help me do that by subscribing
to our premium service a www.mediaed.org
this
