so because Progressive Conservative
candidate hopeful Tonya Granick Allen
has been on record as supporting the
traditional definition of marriage and
because she has condemned that
dehumanizing haberdashery otherwise
known as the burqa
well the inevitable has happened the
smearing of Tonya Granick Ellen has
begun carried out by the Liberals and
the media party and even some weasels in
her own party a recent Toronto Star
headline spoke volumes mainly because it
wasn't really a headline at all but
rather almost a verbatim quote from
Premier Kathleen Wynne it read quote
Doug Ford not banning tenure Granick
alum because he owes her for leadership
race support Wynne says end quote yes
the premier like the Prime Minister
never shuts her mouth about the merits
of diversity and inclusivity but there's
no room in that proverbial big tent if
you're our social conservative it would
seem that aside premier Wynne is right
Ford does owe Tanya and social
conservatives who the PC leadership
candidate brought out yet why is ancient
history being recycled as current
affairs well that's because the liberal
war machine has trained its sights on
Tanya labeling her a homophobe and an
islamaphobe most certainly the two worst
labels one can endure in politically
correct polite society today of course
tanya is not the real target the end
goal for Wynne and the media party is to
taint ford by association if Ford
doesn't denounce Tanya then for two is
obviously an islamaphobe and a homophobe
and what makes Tonya worthy of these
slurs in the first place in terms of
homophobia
did she salt some gay dude nope back in
2013 in 2014
Tanya made blog posts and tweets on gay
marriage one that she thought the Queen
shouldn't break her oath and another
that she would
shocked Malta was allowing gay marriage
and adoption sorry having a dissenting
opinion doesn't make Tanana Kalyn the
second coming of Omar Mateen remember
him the Muslim who shut up that very
Haram pulse nightclub in Florida killing
49 mostly gay men in 2016
oh dammit I shouldn't have said that
after all in light of the pulse massacre
it was premier Wynne herself who said
that quote homophobia cannot be fought
with Islamophobia end quote that's code
speak folks for please don't mention
that the mass murderer was a soldier of
Allah because that might be you know
culturally insensitive that's right a
premiere a lesbian herself through her
own gay community under the bus for fear
of offending the religion apiece
speaking of which that leads us to the
second accusation about Tania Granick
Allen that she's an islamaphobe Winn has
joined a dogpile consisting of other
liberals New Democrats and some Muslim
groups that want Allen barred from the
April 21st PC nomination race because of
post comparing Muslim women in burkas to
bank robbers well I guess I'm an
Islamophobe too not to mention the vast
majority of Canadians that find the
burqa and the niqab to be repulsive
sexist misogynistic oh and guess what
folks
Google burka and bank robbers and you
will find no shortage of stories that
Chronicle bad guys
donning these Islamist ninja suits to
pull off heists sadly if liberals and
their ilk really believed in equality
and female empowerment they would also
condemn the burqa too instead they'll
condemn a conservative woman who goes to
bat for women's rights how perverse is
that in any event in light of the homo
Islamophobia brouhaha Doug Ford's office
but not Doug Ford himself issued a
statement noting that Tonya's comments
quote do not reflect the position of an
tario PC leader Doug Ford or the party
end quote Doug Ford has not made any
person
statements about the matter but I really
have to ask if the PC party is willing
to accept all conservatives then can
criticism a political Islam and support
for traditional marriage be included too
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks you may have
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
