well I'm sad to report that that gross
Hollywood Pig Amy Schumer miraculously
has another movie coming out I say
miraculously because her last flick
snatched with Goldie Hawn only got 36
percent on Rotten Tomatoes and I was
going to post a clip of her new movie
here but I'll spare you the nausea and
just explain the plot it's called I feel
pretty and it is about a large ugly
chick who falls off her bike in spin
class she blacks out and then comes to
thinking that she's a skinny hot and
fabulous and basically the rest of the
movie is all about self-esteem and
confidence and flaunt and be sexy and
shake it if you got it and if you were
beautiful on the outside you're
beautiful on the inside inside outside
blah blah blah blah blah which I have to
say I think Amy Schumer's outsides
probably match her inside so take that
for whatever you think that means now
I'm all about people not just women
having confidence on just about anyone I
think that a genuine smile is pretty
beautiful and uplifting and just a side
note substantiating and clarifying my
case that this is about my disdain for
Amy Schumer not her weight or anything
one of my favorite movies is called fat
girls about some large women who find
love in a culture that celebrates more
substantially sized women so there now
the problem I have with Amy Schumer
again has nothing to do with her outer
appearance my problem with her is her
ignorant her self-righteousness and her
political antics for which she has no
idea logical foundation she squawks
about gun control and daca and Trump is
terrible why she absolutely has TDS
Trump derangement syndrome to the extent
that she believes that it has
detrimental e affected her comedy she's
doing less of it which i think is a good
thing but clearly she doesn't but she
told Time magazine I've been doing less
stand-up just because it's not funny as
tears come to her eyes her comedy isn't
funny that much is true
now I tried to go to her Twitter account
to show you some of the ways that she
tries to be funny but apparently she has
blocked me on Twitter now I can't tweet
at her and tell her what a foul
disgusting dolt she is
liberals ruin everything anyway in the
full article bites
she says it would be great if my role
had been played by a woman of color and
there were more trans people in it more
people with disabilities but it's a step
in the right direction okay so that's
where we are wishing for a different
person for a role simply because of
their skin color or handicap that's
racist
that's ablest yeah that's where we are
folks we're solid skilled actors should
be passed over because they're not a
black trans Muslim amputee it's like an
identity politics clown car
how many identities can we shove in one
movie role with this role being Amy
Schumer apparently only one gross thanks
so much for watching everybody I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
