that is that true our ordinary people
really concerned about face big news on
Facebook and wish that Facebook would
censor it I talked to a lot of people
from different walks of life and I have
actually never heard that now a lot of
people do talk about fake news and talk
about all the time but what I think
ordinary people mean by that is news
that's dressed up as an opinion biased
news in Canada that would be the CBC
shilling for Trudeau that sort of thing
so yeah fake news for sure from talks
about fake news a lot he says the
anti-trump media like CNN and the New
York Times or fake news and the Left
calls conservative media fake news and
that's all fair but have you ever heard
of anyone real left or right a citizen I
mean say they really wish Facebook would
censor the news for them so they didn't
have to worry their own pretty little
heads themselves that's not a real human
reaction is it real people don't say I
wish someone could make up my mind for
me about what I could or shouldn't
believe that's a politician's solution
usually a politician on the left here's
some more from Sandberg she said to NPR
people are trying to write outlandish
headlines right get you to click make
money so we've made sure that we've
taken them out of the ability to
monetize on Facebook taking them out of
the ability to show ads and make money
that's really important we've also done
a lot more on fake news we have a
partnership now with the AP that's The
Associated Press set up in all 50 states
where we can quickly respond when
something looks like it might be false
when something we either find it which
is new we're doing it proactively looks
false or someone reports something to us
as false we're relying on third party
fact checkers now the financial scams
the fake stuff like that I don't think
anyone really cares about that it has
some political value but the second part
that's what Trudeau demanded from them
wasn't it that's how the left wants to
stop grassroots support for Trump or for
dime forward in Canada they want to
smear conservative opinions or dissident
opinions or even eccentric opinions as
false or even spicy headlines is now
what is headline supposed to be now
those aren't false those are only false
in terms of just being different or not
liberal
and Facebook is going to outsource this
judgment to some mystical third party
but that's the thing there is no human
being that is truly neutral even if you
call them a third party at arms-length
the AAP that's the Associated Press they
have a liberal tilt and they're staffed
by hundreds of ordinary journalists each
of whom has their own biases mainly
liberal why does Facebook say they will
be the arbiter of what we can or can't
read or see your watch isn't that the
whole point of social networks so that
we get to choose who we connect to and
we all don't have to listen to the same
vanilla liberal mush of The Associated
Press
or whatever other legacy media is now
deemed to be authoritative why is the
Associated Press and every single
journalist who works there considered a
higher authority than any other news
source or more to the point why is it
considered a higher authority about what
I'm able to see than I am than you are
why can't I be my own boss why can't I
be my own fact-checker
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on youtube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
