some people are predicting that the
House of Lords our upper house will vote
in favor of the UK staying in the
customs union so cut the lords really
scupper brags it the House of Lords is
expected to vote for Britain to remain
within the EU customs union later this
week is not just an embarrassing defeat
for the government but it's a huge kick
in the teeth to the 52% of British
voters who turned out to vote for brexit
the upper house is currently in the
process of debating the government's EU
withdraw a bill which sets out the legal
framework for brexit and an amendment
sponsored by the former Conservative
Chairman Chris Patten which is calling
for the government to begin negotiations
for an arrangement which allows the UK
to stay within the customs union could
well be passed with a majority and if
this happens it means the legislation
has to then go back to the House of
Commons it will be passed on from the
chattering and half-asleep left-wing
lords and Baroness's appointed by
successive governments to ensure that
their agendas are supported back to the
Commons where it will be voted on again
as early as mid-may that would be after
the upcoming local elections and it
could be disastrous for the Tories a
legislative win could have helped their
electoral fortunes but with an expected
failure in the Lord's it looks like the
Tories will struggle especially when you
consider recent polls showing labour
snapping at their heels and even beating
them in some instances and all this
shows just how badly the House of Lords
needs reforming but I'm not talking
about some elected chamber I don't think
it needs to be all that complicated I
think it's time that we just got rid of
all the useless appointees in the House
of Lords and returned to our hereditary
system instead the House of Lords is
filled with rich business people and
just popular celebrities who've been
appointed by the top three political
parties in 2014 former Facebook
executive Dharana shields became a
conservative peer for some reason it's a
place where politicians who were out of
a job go to get a salary through the
generous Lords expenses system take the
appropriately named Michael Cashman for
instance he's a former member of the
European Parliament for the Labour Party
was an actor in EastEnders as well and
when he lost his seat in May 2014 the
Labour Party kept him on the gravy train
by just a point
into the House of Lords and who could
forget professional victim Baroness
Halsey the Muslim woman who failed to
win a seat in Dewsbury in the 2005
general election this was despite being
added to the Conservative Party's a list
for priority election candidates because
she didn't win she was appointed a life
peer which allowed her to serve on the
shadow cabinet that's how desperate they
were to have a Muslim woman in the
Conservative Party shadow cabinet that
they just appointed it to the Lord's and
so this begs the question are the best
people really being appointed to the
upper house or are left-wing ideologues
and useful idiots being appointed to the
upper house which just makes the jobs of
the so-called moderates and left-wing
anti Democrats easier than ever now it
seems to me that if the House of Lords
is voting against brexit clearly the
calibre of people within the house is
questionable
this issue was already decided on in a
referendum and so a mr. talk of House of
Lords reform I think it's important to
talk about returning to the Lord's to
its former glory
I think Britain has the best form of
government in the world at least in
theory we have a parliamentary democracy
a prime minister who fills the role of
head of government and the molecules as
head of state we separate those roles to
ensure our p.m. can do the best job they
can although that's laughable with the
politicians we have these days and so
our head of state Her Majesty the Queen
can keep on doing the fine job that she
always does and our two houses in
parliament allow for an elected House of
lawmakers in the Commons and then
traditionally hereditary peers in the
House of Lords who served as a naturally
conservative counterbalance to the
elected members the traditionally
hereditary House of Lords contains
people with strong local links with deep
passions for their country the
traditions of this country and their
regions and the welfare of the people
within their communities this is an
amazing system but in 1999 Tony but I
destroyed it the House of Lords act
decreased the membership of the House of
Lords from 1330 to 669 in March 2000 but
this wasn't just a reduction in numbers
it was a specific attack on the
hereditary system it removed the right
to inherit a seat in the House of Lords
and permitted only 92 hereditary peers
to remain there on an interim
and since then we've seen a gradual
increase in famous people failed
politicians and rich businessman taking
up the seats in a house that has a huge
effect on national policy and
legislation these people can decide the
future of our country and we see that in
the news when this week the House of
Lords mace copper brexit and vote in
favor of staying in the customs union
what Tony Blair did and what successive
political leaders have done in the way
of appointing useful idiots into the
Lord's is treason in my books and if the
Lord Scapa breaks it then it could pave
the way for a new debate on the future
of the upper chamber and I don't think
it's off the cards that we may face a
new kind of House of Lords and it likely
won't be hereditary it will be elected
and with the dominance of the two-party
system in 2018 Labour's clever postal
voting successes and a changing
demographic I worry what that means for
the future of this country watch me and
the rest of rebel on our brand new rebel
app which is available now on the Apple
App Store and the Google Play Store
