wow talk about a fiscal shock to the
system turns out the pcs in Ontario have
inherited a fifteen billion dollar
deficit but there are three surefire
ideas that Premier Doug Ford can adopt
to help restore fiscal normalcy
premier ford has called the unexpected
15 billion dollar deficit he inherited
from the Liberals as quote the biggest
government scandal in a generation end
quote
does this come as a surprise I mean if
the McGinty win liberals ran a retail
chain it would be called financial
scandals R Us but enough whining now
it's time to get down to business and if
the Ford pcs have political courage in
testicular fortitude
here are three can't-miss ways to save
some money
one sell-off the LCBO contrary to
popular belief the liquor corruption
bureaucracy of Ontario is not a cash cow
quite the opposite
indeed back in 2004 I wrote an
eye-opening feature for the Financial
Post entitled LCBO profit a facade with
the help of a financial consultant I
combed through the LCBO annual report
for the previous fiscal year
during that year the LCBO claimed to
paid out of its profits a dividend to
the province of 975 million dollars but
wait a minute that dividend included the
tax revenue the LCBO collected on behalf
of the province in other words money the
province would have normally collected
from private sector retail liquor stores
if such stores existed in Ontario oh but
it gets worse eliminate the tax
collection remittance and the LCBO a
freaking liquor monopoly actually lost
thirty five million dollars for the 2002
oh three fiscal year forcing it to dip
into retained earnings today with even
more liquor temples constructed and with
an even bigger and more bloated overpaid
bureaucracy I'll bet you a two for the
numbers are even worse so it is that by
privatizing this entity not only would
that tax revenue still be there for the
province but just imagine the revenue
the province would rake in if the LCBO
sold off it's highly valuable retail
assets some of which are on plots of
real estate big enough to be redeveloped
into condo towers privatizing the LCBO
is a no-brainer and throw in that other
scandal-plagued monopoly to well you
have the Ontario Lottery and Gaming
Corporation after all from an
ideological point of view the
government's role when it comes to
liquor and gambling is to regulate and
tax these so-called
sinful commodities the government should
not be in the business of actually
selling scotch and scratch-off tickets
number two riddle me this what do you
call a forty million dollar a year thing
that nobody watches answer TV OH
Ontario's very own TV network which
should be called TV why much like
running booze stores and gambling
casinos does anyone think that a
province or for that matter a federal
government should be running its own TV
network especially one that can't be
bothered to sell ads because well it
gets long just fine thank you very much
by sucking from the taxpayer teat TV
Ontario was ill-thought-out back in 1970
when it was originally launched but in
this day and age of the internet and
social media and cable cutters it is
entirely irrelevant
please premier forward time to take this
dog that don't hunt behind the woodshed
and well you know what you have to do
and my number three piece of advice for
fiscal responsibility how about getting
more bang from the taxpayer buck by
getting the bureaucracy to work a little
harder in other words I'm suggesting the
Doug Ford pcs steal an idea from the Bob
Rae NDP hey folks even a broken clock is
correct twice a day which is to say I'm
advocating that Ford replicate those
so-called Rey days back in 1993 the NDP
government imposed a wage freeze and
mandatory unpaid days of leave for civil
serve
the public sector unions went berserk of
course but guess what folks that
strategy saved the province almost two
billion dollars in 1993 dollars better
yet if the socialist ray government
could do this it should be a no-brainer
for afford conservative government to do
likewise and the do-rag or toxic PR that
would undoubtedly follow ie all that
right-wing hidden agenda crapola
well sorry comrades it just went stick
so there you go Doug six figures of free
consulting advice for you you're welcome
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's I'd Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
