so some news you might have missed from
the Metro recently in the last few days
actually and the the headline is two in
five Brits believe multiculturalism has
failed so it's actually comes from a
poll that was commissioned by our
friends I hope not hate our guys
commissioned a YouGov poll of 5,200
people and they found two things first
off it found 25 in Britain think
multiculturalism failed but it also
found that 51% of people think
immigration is putting pressure on
schools and hospitals I bet that's
things've I hope not hate must stink
because we know exactly why this poll
was commissioned is because hope not
hate or under this illusion that the
whole country agrees with them that the
vast majority of people think that what
they do is right and that immigration
isn't a problem and that we can carry on
with open borders and that Muslim
immigration poses no threat and all this
they're they're so deluded into thinking
that most of the country agrees with
them and you know time and time again we
see polls like this which show how wrong
they are
how wrong they are and how off they are
and public opinion and yet these these
lunatics who only have jobs because the
government keeps paying them to do
research about people like us and are
you making it so that they're completely
out of touch and it's incredible but
what I find interesting is out of these
5,200 people that were polled I'd love
to know what sort of segments of society
they chose because if within these 5200
people there are people from different
ethnic backgrounds other than sort of
native white British then of course of
course three and five are going to say
that multiculturalism has worked because
it's in their interests it would have
been far more interesting to find out
the opinions of the native Brits whose
families have lived here for hundreds
and thousands of years if we'd have had
a poll that asked native Brits do you
think multiculturalism has worked it
would be more than 2 in 5 people saying
no so these figures are off but even so
2 in 5 in in
a country were we really are suffering
from a huge displacement and demographic
change and still two in five the same
multiculturalism has failed and it has I
mean Nick lolz who's the chief exec of
hope not hey nice guy he says there's
clearly much work to do
Enoch Powell speech led anti races and
campaigners to mobilize the anniversary
of the speech must do the same so I
guess what he's saying is this poll was
done because of the anniversary the 50th
anniversary of Enoch Powell Rivers of
Blood speech which I won't go into today
but I'll talk about soon because I think
it's an important one and unlost things
clearly there's much work to do you know
he's really under the impression that
this can be solved this can be fixed I
mean it's really hard I mean these
people think that they we live in some
kind of utopia and the only reason
problems exist is because those horrible
right wing people was horrible foe right
extremists are out on the street causing
trouble but it's just not true I mean a
good example of this actually of how
hope not hate really aren't who they
claim they are is what happened with
generation identity the other day I mean
whatever you think of generation
identity they held a conference in
Sevenoaks New London and they kept the
venue purposely secret they invited only
people that they wanted to be there and
they kept it low-key very private of
hope not hate in tweets that have now
been deleted because I've just been
looking for them to put in this video
and they're not that in tweets that are
now been deleted they were posting
information about the address saying
wouldn't it be a shame if people
retweeted this all that kind of smarmy
stuff and as a result of these tweets
that were put out by anti-fascist
campaigners a load of anti-fur turned up
at a car park near the venue and bottled
people from gi they pulled Lucy's hair
out literally clumps of hair pulled out
by these auntie four people and these
are the supporters who hope not hey now
I've got to be careful because you know
hope not hate right to jump on that
legal bandwagon when when anyone says
that they're violent but what is
certainly true is their supporters and
the people that follow hope not hate and
the people that enforce the the ideals
that they that they push
are really violent nasty people that's
undoubted undoubtably
you know it's it's it's true it's true
we see this all the time I remember
being at a rally years ago and I saw a
woman punch square in the face an old
lady punch square in the face by antifa
and you know these people are under the
impression that actually the problem is
all these horrible racists that are out
there do they not see that
multiculturalism has failed
I mean yet only yesterday I was talking
about the machete crimes in England now
machete attacks are happening on average
every 90 minutes every 90 minutes I mean
and this isn't happening in the
Cotswolds is it it's not happening on
the Isle of Man I mean the Isle of Man
beautiful place if you've ever been if
you've never been you should go it's one
of the least multicultural places in
there in the country a beautiful
beautiful place but it's also one of the
safest if not the safest place to live
in the British Isles clearly there's a
problem with multiculturalism here and
Nick laws no matter how much you pretend
no matter how much you complain and no
matter how many of your followers go out
on the street and attack people for
saying this obvious truth it will never
stop being true multiculturalism has
failed watch me and the rest of rebel on
our brand new rebel app which is
available now on the Apple App Store and
the Google Play Store
you
