bobak rise to power
those were pro-palestinian students
protesting a speech by Israeli UN
Ambassador Danny Danon at Columbia last
year what's up with Columbia University
there was the mattress girl scandal
which tarnished a young man's reputation
with bogus rape charges millions of
dollars spent on diversity initiatives
and now pro-israel students are alleging
discrimination on campus Columbia's
students supporting Israel chapter
claims that the anti-israel Jewish
voices for peace students for justice in
Palestine and another divestment group
have monopolized the conversation on
campus relating to the israeli-arab
conflict and have systematically
maligned harassed and silenced Zionist
opinions the group says one individuals
right to protest does not supersede
another individual's right to lawfully
assemble speak and listen students
supporting Israel cites pro Palestinian
students disruption of Danone speech
that didn't go on for long I think they
pretty quickly realized they were
outnumbered but the pro-israel group
also claimed they were targeted with
anti-israel and anti-semitic slogans
while attending an event and that when
they attended another approp Alice
Tinian event six students were assigned
to watch their group asked him to stop
filming and ultimately asked them to
leave when one girl wouldn't turn over
her phone
Victor muslin head of Columbia's alums
for campus fairness group said in
general the attitude of Columbia appears
to be at a Stonewall and simply to
ignore alumni right now we are like
flies hitting a glass window but this
doesn't seem like an isolated incident
of wackiness at the Ivy League
institution in October Columbia pledged
to spend at least a hundred million
dollars on diversifying its staff this
amount was in addition to the
eighty-five million dollars spent since
2005 and last summer Columbia hosted 300
K through 12 principals and teachers to
learn about topics like whiteness and
microaggressions you know a lot of guys
use a hotness crazyness scale to rate
girls saying the hotter they get the
crazier they get with Ivy League
institutions like Columbia it seems like
there's a similar correlation between
craziness and prestige for campus
unmasked I'm Rob from Jacques if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
