in its first full year of operation
Britain's modern day slavery hotline
unseen receive thousands of phone calls
and was able to identify almost 5000
potential victims who were being
trafficked and abused and exploited in
brothels construction sites nail salons
and car washes unseen announced the new
figures this week and said they'd
received three thousand seven hundred
and ten calls from the public and
victims which resulted in around one and
a half thousand referrals to the
National Crime Agency but these aren't
the only figures for the last few years
the government's estimated at least
13,000 people across the country being
victims of forced labor or sexual
exploitation Theresa May said in 2014
that tens of thousands were being held
as modern slaves in Britain and last
year child trafficking referrals hit a
record high rising 30 percent in one
year and who knows if that even means
that there were more cases for all we
know these figures might have been this
high for many years and referrals of
Omri just begun increasing in recent
years because of new programs the number
of children being referred to the
National referral mechanism of the
government which is a system that
identifies human trafficking victims has
increased to one thousand two hundred
and seventy eight in 2016 the figures
show that over a third of all potential
victims were children under the age of
18 and the figures also showed that the
most prominent country for traffic
children was my country the UK we beat
Albania Afghanistan and Eritrea
we've got a bigger problem than the
third world or at least a bigger
recorded problem than the third world
but why are there so many saves in
Britain why is this happening well last
week I talked about how the Labour Party
and our government have consistently
failed to protect children it seems like
political parties aren't interested in
talking about anything that's
politically inconvenient and that could
certainly be part of this problem but I
think another part of this problem is
poor border security and then broken
immigration policy I mean don't get me
wrong a lot of children who are
trafficked a British if I know girls who
have suffered from this just normal
British girls we've been forgotten by
the authorities and ignored by the
police but at the same time a large
number of these victims are thought to
have arrived into the UK from northern
France likely by jumping into law
at the channel so that means that once
they arrived in the UK they've got no
legal rights and they're not on the
system so to speak the unknown and hard
to trace and the only people who really
know that they're there are their
traffickers and it's this illegal status
which allows for this grotesque crime to
go largely unnoticed
these young trafficking victims are used
for cheap or free labor in businesses up
and down the country unseen says they're
almost three-quarters of all suspected
victims that they uncovered were trapped
in forced labor in nail salons and car
washes and Britain in an attempt to
become a world leader in ending child
trafficking and modern slavery past the
modern slavery act 2015 the bill does a
lot of things so it consolidated
existing slavery and trafficking
offenses allows courts to place
restrictions on those convicted of
slavery offences creates child
trafficking advocates creates a new
statutory defense for trafficking
victims and allows for the seizing of
traffickers assets and established an
independent anti-slavery commissioner
and while that's obviously important
stuff it fails to tackle the blazingly
obvious it fails to acknowledge or
tackle the fact that trafficking occurs
because the methods used by illegal
immigrants are used on a regular basis
to bring foreign children into our
country it fails to acknowledge that our
porous border with France is basically
just allowing these children to be
brought here in the first place and it
fails to acknowledge that should we
tackle this problem at the border we
might be able to catch the perpetrators
of this wicked crime and save the young
children who are being brought here so
with this week's news that some three
years since the passing of the modern
slavery act were still dealing with
thousands of reports of modern slavery
in the UK unperturbed the act doesn't
tackle the problem as well as it should
and the recording of data from the
national referral mechanism has also
been criticized so a report by the work
and pensions committee claimed that
thousands of victims haven't come
forward and those who have done have
chose just not to give evidence against
their enslavers and that's because of an
insufficient level of support I know I'm
usually the guy who comes on camera to
complain about immigration and focusing
on citizens rather than non-citizens but
when we're faced with such a widespread
atrocity in our own country regardless
of who the kids are that I think it's
important to provide the
what they need you know they need to be
able to come forward and name there in
savers these young slavery victims
should be taken care of while we find
out who's committing these crimes and
just round up the scum that's in charge
of these operations by taking the
problem seriously providing the
necessary support tackling problems at
the border and being proactive then
Britain can turn this around but like
with so much else our government seems
far more interested in just patching
over the problem for now and dealing
with issues that they know won't land
them in any controversy so after this
week's news that modern day slavery is
as bad as ever in England and sure
Corbin's going to get back to promoting
his free bus travel program and Theresa
may well you know carry on stumbling
around Westminster in a kitten heels
bumping into various controversies along
the way so why do we have so many slaves
in Britain well it's because we lack the
political will to solve it watch me and
the rest of rebel on our brand-new rebel
app which is available now on the Apple
App Store and the Google Play Store
you
