former FBI director and current fired
guy James Comey did an interview with
George Stephanopoulos last night and it
only made call me look worse James Comey
never should have done that ABC News
interview in fact James Comey never
should have written this ridiculous book
a higher loyalty because at the end of
the day all this book is is a few
hundred pages of a complaining letter to
the boss who fired you he's a six foot
eight whiny crybaby it makes him look
absolutely terrible but even worse for
Comey it makes him look like a liar and
makes him look like a liar he is now
town hall that a good piece last week
and a piece is entitled commis hubris
will be as demise it's written by Kevin
McCullough
and it basically it starts by saying
James Comey is a really stupid
individual it goes through the legal
jeopardy he's in it lists point by point
seven reasons why James Comey isn't that
smart of a guy criminal mishandling of
information denying leaking the
information changing the Hillary Clinton
memo creating PR stunts out of which
should have been grave professional
situation profiting off of the testimony
look it says number six his department
with an it was an utter disaster that's
an understatement his number two Andrew
McCabe was a complete and utter mess
McCabe the OIG report on McCabe that I'm
gonna be talking about on the longer
show later today my god Andrew McCabe is
going to need to be criminally charged
after reading the OIG report thirty some
odd pages I read them all there is no
other option but a criminal referral to
the Department of Justice for Andrew
McCabe he did worse than general Flynn
did general Flynn had to take a plea on
process crimes of lying to federal
investigators Andrew McCabe did worse
and there's some damning information in
the OIG report her former attorney
general
Lynch as well number seven in his Town
Hall piece about Comey his own people
disagreed with his epics and practices
and it says in the aftermath of his
bizarre statement to the press regarding
the Hillary Clinton email investigation
more than 100 field agents of the FBI
and roughly half a dozen DOJ attorneys
made public made public through a source
near total disbelief and disagreement
with his assessment now that was the
official a source if you will they they
made this public to resource the
disagreed
I spoke to agents on background I spoke
agents I know I spoke to former agents
former DOJ people to a person they were
shaking their heads they were bewildered
like we do not was there sentiment we as
agents as law enforcement people and I
can tell you as a former law enforcement
guy myself law enforcement doesn't
decide whether or not to bring things to
a grand jury that was one flaw in
Stephanopoulos his line of questioning
last night when he says do you think you
should have brought I'm paraphrasing
Stephanopoulos but do you think you
should have brought Hillary Clinton
before a grand jury that wasn't commis
job so his answer was completely
irrelevant
what's worse homie admitted he admitted
on national international television
really and you consider satellite he
admitted that he did not tell the
commander in chief the chief law
enforcement officer in the United States
his boss the President of the United
States that the dossier was funded by
the Clinton campaign now morons out
there on social media who know nothing
about the criminal justice system are
saying well Trump didn't need to know
because we thought Trump was a Russian
asset no material information is
material information in the source of
evidence well that's the basis of the
credibility for the evidence the source
is the credibility if I've got a good
confidential informant who's delivered
information consistently and hasn't
gotten into trouble in two years and we
cut them a deal two years ago and
they've honored it and their information
has led to ironclad consistent
convictions well that's a good source of
evidence if I've got a junky CI who
constantly gives me bad information and
when I go to vet the information it
always turns out to be false and they're
just trying to get another pass because
they're constantly committing crimes
well that's bad evidence so the source
of the information is critical it's not
as Comey tried to make it seem an
immaterial detail it's a glaringly
incredibly important detail but perhaps
most egregious of all and that might be
an overstatement because there's so many
things about commis conduct it was
egregious more egregious it was just
incredibly unprofessional one of I
should say the most egregious things as
somebody admits that he released the
memo this doesn't even make any sense he
released the second memo on Hillary
Clinton things they were reopening the
investigation because he was so sure she
was going to win the presidency that he
didn't want her to be considered an
illegitimate president if the FBI had
been perceived to have covered up an
investigation into her and not gone
forward with it that's about the dumbest
thing I've ever heard in my life
but even worse
that one statement in that statement he
admitted that the FBI is a politicized
organization that it is not an unbiased
blind to politics criminal justice
organization it's it's pretty terrible
stuff and call me should be ashamed of
himself because he lied to investigators
he lied under oath his number two lied
under oath
Peter stroke and Lisa Paige texting each
other on tax payer time no one respected
him
there was no command at the top of the
FBI none and you know when you when you
watch the guy you sees kind of mopey
style and he doesn't have a command
presence and he's not particularly
inspiring or he's just not a leader you
can understand how the people under him
ran roughshod over him I had tough good
bosses in the NYPD and I had very
wishy-washy bosses and I could tell you
law enforcement people left to their own
devices will walk all over a wishy-washy
boss and that's what Comey was he's just
not not a tough guy he's not a tough guy
and after watching him in that silly
interview I mean he made himself look
absolutely horrible after watching that
it's no wonder the FBI was in such a
terrible place when he left this is all
very very important content and it's
gonna get more serious we're in very
troubled times and I want to bring it to
you every day let me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org store download our great
rebel app awesome where you get all of
our content go to our petition fire
Scott Israel dot-com we want to see the
Broward County Sheriff removed as always
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
