he's wrong legalese Ron constitutionally
a lot of British Columbians who wear
hard hats who work in unions they work
in resources whether it's forestry or
fracking or pipelines or at that massive
gorgeous gorgeous industrial port and so
I think John Horgan does not actually
represent working men and women when
he's against this seven point four
billion dollar jobs project no you're
totally right there I think even even
more importantly he doesn't represent a
majority of British Columbians as you
pointed out to your poll and I and I
think that really begins with the last
election which the provincial NDP didn't
actually win the popular vote or the
most seats and they were forced to form
a coalition with the Green Party and
it's kind of I think the case of the
tail wagging the dog here where you have
the radicals both that are within the
NDP party and the Green Party itself
that are forcing this untenable action
from John Horgan opposing a project has
been federally approved that's that he
has no right to oppose that's supported
by a majority of British Columbians in
poll after poll and yet yet here we are
driving away investment and scaring away
jobs and what would be a tax dream into
the BC economy and Canadian economy
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra lavance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
