I was looking at some of the facts and
sick since taking over Gaza by force
from the PLO in 2007 Hamas really has
done nothing to help the people of Gaza
instead like you say they devoted their
resources to encouraging violence and
terrorism even paying the families of
terrorists so that's money that could go
to actually help people and better the
lives of the citizens instead it goes to
rewarding the murder of Israelis oh this
has been aimed at destroying Israel
instead of building hospitals they're
building terror tunnels instead of
investing in education they're paying
for the families of dead terrorists and
it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't Israel
responsible for these rolling blackouts
that tend to happen in Gaza it's
actually the PLO cutting off their
electricity as retaliation for them
seizing control of Gaza in 2007 but and
again that's something that happens
often because my I had a friend who was
actually Muslim in Egypt and this used
to happen to him all the time that the
the cutting off of the electricity like
they just don't manage things well okay
it just doesn't happen and the other
thing is people have to realize as this
people will look up behind the news
David badeen I think you probably know
him David Bodine he does writes about
the unrest schools they teach these
children in the school okay they teach
them that they must kill the Jews and
this entire country that's an excerpt
from my weekly full-length show the gun
show on my show I take on the issues of
the day through my Alberta conservative
lens and I talked to the real news
makers the mainstream media ignores to
get access to my show in all of our
other premium content click the link on
the screen to subscribe today
you
