so if you read the news in England you
should know that we have a problem with
child abuse and you know it's not just
the child abuse although that's bad
enough it's the fact that the
politicians the the police the the
counsellors the MPs people in authority
haven't been as good as they should have
been in stopping this in fact in many
cases they've been complicit in it now
where British Pakistani think-tank
William they they told us that in 84% of
cases these grooming gangs are Muslim
that's a huge problem in itself but
there are cases were this isn't Muslim
at all in fact there's this specific
case which involves Cyril Smith and he's
a former Liberal MP for Rochdale and
after he died in 2010 lots of people
came forward to talk about actually what
was happening to them in Rochdale and
his young boys young boys were involved
in allegedly in this case were in the
toilets the public toilets near the
council building and in the null view
school they were being sexually abused
and given money rent boy activity they
called it these young boys as young as
11 and there's a case that I've read
about today it's been going on the last
couple of days there's a new inquiry
into what happened in Rochdale and the
Labour Party council leader of the time
has been suspended richard Farnell and
the Daily Mail is reporting that he
could face charges of perjury for lying
during this inquiry from Richard Farnell
has been suspended both from the Labour
Party and slammed for his shameful bid
to evade responsibility for the sex
abuse scandal he claims he knew nothing
about it he knew nothing about it but
the whole point of this enquiry is to
find out the extent of the problem
because people it seems did know about
it and it's crazy that people get in so
much trouble for talking about this but
here it is here it is the politicians
according to this inquiry according to
these reports knew what was happening so
let me just read what the report said
the panel in fact said they're the
records of individual children convey a
total lack of urgency on the part of
relevant authorities to address the
problem and treat the matters involved
for what they were serious sexual
assaults we concluded that no one in
authority view
child sexual exploitation as an urgent
Child Protection issue rather boys as
young as 11 were not seen as victims but
as authors of their own abuse and where
have we heard this before what we heard
this Rotherham Sammy Woodhouse one of
the victims of Rotherham she said the
same thing she was treated like it was
her own fault and politicians people in
authority did nothing as even cases in
Rotherham of police tearing up reports
this is a huge problem how deep this
must go I mean this isn't just a Muslim
grooming gang issue this is politicians
allegedly involved with it as well and
now we've got politicians lying and
saying they didn't know anything and now
facing charges of perjury British
politicians don't care about our kids
they just don't care at all and it's
isn't it funny how it always seems to be
their Labour Party politicians as well
now no huge fan of the Tories and it
certainly happened on their watch as
well but it's always predominantly labor
councils where this seems to happen why
is that wouldn't you think that the
people in the Labor Party would start
asking themselves why is this happening
why am i representing a party that
consistently fails kids and results in
kids being abused why would they want to
be a part of that party and how dare
they claim to be a party of the working
class it's the working classes that are
being screwed over by the Labour Party
not just in terms of their tax proposed
policies reducing the threshold down to
six grand which hurts everybody at the
bottom but the fact that the Labour
Party has been so bad at dealing with
issues that affect the working class
from immigration or the destruction of
local businesses and our local
communities and now even our kids when
it's when he's Labour going to do
something about this when is labour
going to act
watch me and the rest of the rebel team
on our brand-new app download it now
from the Google Play Store and the Apple
App Store
you
