I want to talk about how the media has
covered and and I mentioned Mike Duffy a
moment ago again no loss to taxpayers
conservative Nigel right actually
putting 90 grand into the government the
idea that it was a bribe was sort of
laughable Mike Duffy was acquitted but
that was the number one news story in
2015 probably a thousand probably a
thousand different stories on him
absolutely and they always refer to
Nigel rates cheetah stock I don't think
they ever said an aide to the prime
minister so yeah I'm glad you said the
word aide because it sounds so minor let
me read to you the headline in Canada's
leading private broadcaster the CTV I'm
just gonna read from their website here
because I just want to get this right ex
top Ontario political aide released on
bail pending appeal so the headline
isn't even that he was convicted the
headline he's released on bail pending
appeal
they don't say his name they don't say
he was its chief of staff they don't say
Dalton McGuinty same ex top aide and
they don't even say convicted and I did
a word search in the entire article the
word liberal is deep deep down and
Kathleen Wynne who was part of this
government with him as the chief of
staff her name is in there just once
once deep down i if this were a PR
document written by the Liberal Party I
don't know how it could be any more
loving of the Liberals than this CTV
story yeah well that's that's pretty
clear the the brand of liberal is
protected when there's some malfeasance
they usually use the word government top
aide the Ontario government gas plant
there's always something to protect the
brand liberal and and clearly the
opposite is true when the media reports
on malfeasance of the Conservative Party
the brand is tarred and overtime story
after story after story the word liberal
gets less assaulted in the media versus
the word conservative and through time
you have a bad connotation and this is a
perfect example the David Niven C story
it didn't even make the CBC national
news it needed so you
there's two ways you protect the brand
and if you have to report on it report
on it once and report on it without
affecting the brand needs that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
