the president should if he doesn't want
to face the fallout of firing Mount
Muller Rosenstein in sessions the
president should today find the most
loyal attorney he knows I don't care if
it's Michael Cohen and appoint him a
special counsel who investigate Muller
Rosenstein Comey McCabe and the entire
Obama gate scandal have him report to
the White House and that attorney or her
his or her job another pic of mine would
be Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi I
know her she's tenacious have them
investigate the hell out of these people
and let's put some more checks and
balances in place as Patrick what I am
really infuriated about is now this
bipartisan move to push a bill through
Grassley's Judiciary Committee in the
Senate
backed by Grassley Lindsey Graham and
all the Rhinos I didn't think Grassley
was one of these guys that really had
faith in him to protect Robert Muller
you know I don't like this robert muller
is an executive level of point d
Congress has no business checking the
president's power to fire an executive
level of point eight that's right the
the president needs to go on offense we
are all tired as a country of half the
country having to be on defense day in
and day out on something that we all
know is a lie this is really an
Orwellian time Yefim and we need to go
an offense at Trump's legal team that
this ty cobb guy with the mustache at
all what he's doing I'm done with this
guy all this guy does is it is go on
television Muller is a great man and
Muller is wonderful and we're
cooperating with my represent your damn
client come out punching stop your
client is the president of the United
States he's got the power of the
presidency act like it stop kissing
Muller's ass every day quite frankly
it's infuriating Trump needs to fire the
whole lot of them oh yeah well I think
this is Democrats trying to avenge what
Newt Gingrich did to Bill Clinton it and
it is and I don't think Trump was
entirely prepared for it I mean he
certainly has not been going on the
offense the way that he stood and he
should actually probably get with Newt
and get with Rudy Guiliani who would
have been a
Attorney General and some of these guys
who have experienced these kinds of wars
in Washington before and figure out
what's going on this McCabe Rosen's team
Muller Comey Trump Michael Cohen Jeff
Sessions and all the players in stroke
Paige Mickey this story is really
heating up by the minute and I want to
be able to bring it to you every single
day with the newest developments help me
keep doing that by subscribing to our
premium service that WWWE dia forward
slash shows
