a poll for the Evening Standard has
found that 78% of the British public
believed Theresa May will not get a good
deal on brexit this new poll revealed by
the Evening Standard is pretty
devastating for the Prime Minister it
reveals the confidence in Theresa May is
lower than ever and it was never very
high the standard reported on this and
they said confidence in the Prime
Minister to get a good deal in the
brexit negotiations has fallen to the
lowest level yet just 19% fewer than a
fifth of Britons think she can pull it
off a figure that has plunged from 28%
last month some 78% thinks you will fail
up 8 points in a month
some 43% think they will personally be
worse off after brexit which has shot up
from 36 percent a year ago only 18
percent think their standard of living
will rise despite their breaks two-tier
promises of prosperity outside the EU
giant trade bloc which is down two
points one in three things breaks it
will make no difference almost half the
country 49 percent feel the negotiations
are going worse than expected I mean
when Theresa May and her government have
negotiated brags it this badly to the
point where negotiate really isn't the
word for it is he any wonder that people
might now be thinking negatively about
brexit and thinking that brexit might
actually be harmful for this country
Theresa May took an amazing opportunity
she dropped it she stood all over it she
spilled coffee on it she ruined it
ruined this great opportunity and now
the British public feel like it's not
going to work out and just when we
thought that we might be fighting back
against this disaster and Prime Minister
and we might be able to actually change
course last minute and get a good deal
the Prime Minister has managed to
survive a 1922 committee meeting yeah
that committee meeting we were waiting
for we went over the 48 letter minimum
required to push for a vote of
confidence in the Prime Minister and 50
letters were actually submitted to Sir
Graham the chair of the 1922 committee
and the Prime Minister had to face them
at the 1922 committee me
which we've all been waiting for and you
know what happened she survived it's the
only bloody well went and survived it
Theresa May she there's some words I
could use forever and definitely not
gonna use today but she survives things
very well indeed she clings on extremely
well somehow she managed to survive this
meeting
I mean why on earth would the people
that submitted the letters to get her
into this meeting so then we back out
last minute and support her when they
meet her face to face how if these
people lost their backbone so quickly
Jessica L girl of the Guardian tweeted
about this and she said one MP leaves
declaring outbreak of unity not a single
dissenting voice at the 1922 is she safe
well you look over the cliff consider
the alternative and then think hmm
perhaps not so MP's unhappy with her
submit these letters to the 1922
committee hold the meeting and decide oh
maybe we were wrong I mean seriously the
reports in the press sound like the
meeting ended with a very happy bunch of
rebel MPs so-called rebel and peas with
newfound confidence in the prime
minister Tory MP for Tory John West
Devon Geoffrey Cox claimed the Prime
Minister speech was very good and Sky
News reported from Alan McGuinness he
said very happy all good
smiles one MP as they stride out of the
committee room McGuinness also claimed
that the former Home Secretary amber rod
remember her even claimed that prior the
Prime Minister is now in a stronger
position than she was before the meeting
and that she spoke emotionally and
personally MP's in turn reassured her
that they would condemn any further
violence language against her so she
turned this from being a meeting about
her leadership and evidently I don't
know maybe got a bit teary eyed and
upset over the nasty language being used
and used that to her advantage
shocking
so a new poll reveals that almost 80% of
Brits think that the Prime Minister's
not going to get a very good deal on
breaks it's showing the vast majority of
Brits have simply lost faith in the
Prime Minister and our only hope of
changing course was the 1922 committee
meeting where MPs pushed for a change of
leadership and those entities backed out
last minute Teresa may survive the 1922
committee meeting we had the opportunity
to oust may finally but she gave an
emotional speech to a room of so-called
rebels and they all seemed to just
change their minds
typical spineless Tories not only can we
not trust the remain Tories at this
point we can no longer trust Briggs
attea Tories the great betrayal is no
exaggeration the great brexit betrayal
is happening before your very eyes if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team be sure to
download our new app from the Apple App
Store and the Google Play Store
you
