Jordan Peterson has stated over and over
again that stories can transcend us and
their fundamental for humankind to give
us the tools that we need to fight
against evil chaos Peterson has also
described the Joker as the perfect
embodiment and representation of evil
chaos and it has recently been announced
that we'll be getting another movie
depicting this iconic character of evil
and thank goodness this time it's not a
rendition by Jared Leto Abed Davies this
is pure Hollywood
Joaquin Phoenix has recently been pinned
as the actor to take on one of the most
iconic and daunting roles in all of
Hollywood so why should we pay attention
to this well for one if done right this
figure should be a warning to all who
watch it Jordan Peterson in his lectures
has said that the best Joker was Heath
Ledger's performance in the 2008 classic
The Dark Knight which I can argue is the
best maybe not critic film but the best
movie in the past 25 years why because
of the transcendent truth shown by the
characters and situations and the
perfect balance of conflict between
these two characters and what they
represent Batman is order and justice
and it doesn't matter that he's
circumvents the laws because it's not a
sweeping judgement on specific groups of
people it's an individual case each
criminal is evaluated one on one and is
taken down with the least amount of
tyranny possible with all of them given
the same fundamental right to live
Batman will not kill the Joker is evil
chaos and like Batman he treats everyone
equally
he knows that everyone is evil or can be
because of this everyone can also be
destroyed and killed an innocent mayor a
neighborhood vigilante or a nurse are
all as evil as he is and only need a
little push to be shown that he even
tempts the best one of them Harvey Dent
with one phrase it's fair and what do
each of these archetypal characters
fight over the soul of Gotham and the
city is made up of the collective hearts
of its citizens it's us what now why is
Christopher no one's moving in
particular Heath Ledger's performance
into the Joker the best in Jordan
Peterson's eyes well in my estimation is
a writer and actor the Joker yes he is
insane he is unpredictable he's chaotic
but most importantly in this movie he
makes sense he grows to prominence in
control and infecting the city not
because of a crazy laugh and shooting
bullets in mindless directions I'm
talking to you Suicide Squad no in this
movie he grows organically in the minds
of its people he preys on the mind of
the criminals in their lawlessness he
preys on the mentally handicapped to do
his bidding and then he uses fear and
the idea of safety to control the public
it is absolutely elegant and Heath
Ledger gives the best villain character
performance of all time because the
character is so perfectly realized in
Nolan's story the movie The Dark Knight
will last forever not because of some
stunt or special effect but because the
war between order and K
will continuously be fought and we
should all hope that Joaquin Phoenix the
writers directors and producers of this
next movie will take a note from
Christopher Nolan and make a story that
is transcendent transcendent in its
truth and not just some convenient
political point and I think we should
all pay attention to this because on the
one hand we may have another shallow
movie that will come and go and be
forgotten and on the other hand we may
get a story that engages and equips its
viewers to be aware of how to fight this
war between order and chaos and we all
deserve better than a crazy clown in
Suicide Squad I'm Ben Davis this is pure
Hollywood in awesome news like super
awesome news you can now download the
rebel media app and take me with you and
have access to the entire rebel lineup
you
