all of you Canadian rebels out there
this shirt is a nod to you I'm wearing
this Winnipeg Jets shirt in honor of the
beginning of the NHL playoffs
unfortunately that's not what my video
is about today apparently there isn't
enough in this world to be ticked off
about so now after almost 30 years of
being on air and 30 seasons people are
all of a sudden offended by the Simpsons
Indian American character appu bless you
you might not be aware that there is
even a controversy brewing even if you
watch last week's episode because you
might not have even noticed any reason
to be offended and by the way that
doesn't mean that you are a racist it
means that this politically correct
culture the social justice culture in
which everyone is competing to win a
victim derby has become unhinged and has
melted the everliving brains out of some
people's heads so let me give you a
little bit of a background on this
controversy a Pugh is an Indian
character on The Simpsons who runs a
convenience store he's been a staple and
beloved character of the show since its
inception and by the way he's portrayed
as smart and successful and generally
more put together than the other main
characters white characters of the show
but some dude named Hari Kondabolu made
a documentary about the character last
year and in speaking about this
documentary that he made Kondabolu said
this he's funny but that doesn't mean
this representation is accurate or right
or righteous it gets to the
insidiousness of racism though because
you don't even notice it when it's right
in front of you okay I'm gonna pick this
apart a little bit he says it doesn't
mean the representation is accurate or
right or righteous so every single
character on every single show on every
single movie is always every single time
supposed to accurately portray who it's
a made-up person this isn't even a
character based on real life so who's to
say what's accurate and then he says the
insidiousness of racism because you
don't even notice that when it's right
in front of them oh I see
so because none of us or nearly none of
us noticed it we're racist got it now if
I said that as a singing waitress in Los
Angeles my experience
that certain demographics are bad
tippers would that be racist probably in
today's era yeah but people these days
are getting so consumed with stereotypes
about races that they are merging that
with negative connotations a lot of
Indians own 711s and other small
businesses is it racist for me to say
that I don't think so I think it's a
fact and it's not a demeaning one they
owned businesses since when is owning a
business a bad thing
well since Obama said you didn't build
up but it's basically a stereotype
albeit maybe an exaggerated stereotype
like Homer is a dumb fat American or
Chris Griffin or for that matter any of
the characters a Family Guy
they are stereotypes but then in another
interview with Trevor Noah Kondabolu
says I'm 35 years old this cartoon has
been around for a while I have other
things to worry about
to be honest you really want to know
what I think about a poo I don't really
give a I'm sorry I guess I I just don't
understand you have other things to
worry about I mean it doesn't really
seem like it you spent a good part of
your time and career making this
documentary and now you're going on TV
still talking about it so it goes on to
say that part of the reason for making
the documentary is to expose a gap
referring to the lack of Indian
Americans appearing in media so okay I
get that complaint that's true but
you're gonna go after a character on a
show specifically one character on one
show The Simpsons honestly this is the
kind of stuff that makes me want to
start watching the show I'm so fed up
with this perpetually offended culture
basically what it comes down to is this
is a free market and at least for right
now you have the right to express your
disapproval by not patronizing a
business or in this case a show if you
don't like it don't watch it there are
shows and movies that portray
southerners as idiots so I can take a
joke but if I don't like it I just don't
watch it it's a lot easier than
producing an hour-long documentary and
doing the media rounds for a year after
explaining why you're so triggered and
why people are so racist I know we've
all had that friend who relationship
after relationship it fails and then you
have to wonder what the common
it's your friend for all of you people
getting constantly offended you are the
common denominator thanks so much for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head for
the rebel if you enjoyed my commentary
and want to hear more from all of us
over here at the rebels subscribe to our
premium content at
www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
