if we have to Alberta is prepared to do
whatever it takes to get this pipeline
built including taking a public position
in the pipeline
put another way Alberta is prepared to
be an investor in the pipeline and let
me be clear if we take that step we will
be a significantly more determined
investor than BC has dealt with up to
this point Rachel Notley said Alberta
would be willing to buy the trans
mountain pipeline in its entirety in an
attempt to save the project seizing the
means of production you say how very
centrist what you just saw there was a
scene from a press conference over the
weekend Rachel Notley held it after the
suspension of the trans mountain
pipeline by Kinder Morgan and she mused
in that press conference that Alberta
would be interested in taking a part
ownership stake becoming a partner in
the seven point four billion dollar
project as a way to alleviate opposition
in British Columbia Anat Lee was willing
to invest money we don't have in a
project that was already fully funded in
the private sector because her
government has failed to purchase the
appropriate amount of so-called social
license from Alberta's enemies with a
carbon tax sprung on us by surprise and
strangely enough some conservatives are
even backing this idea to buy the
pipeline they're backing an idea for the
government to throw up roadblocks to the
development of a project and
artificially create a fire sale in the
industry and then use the crisis
government has created - in part
nationalize a project call me
old-fashioned but government just
snatching up private sector industries
is certainly not a conservative idea
that I hold and we shouldn't be cheering
for it because it always ends poorly
conservatives should be instead
encouraging Rachel Notley and Justin
Trudeau to just get out of the way of
oil and gas projects and conservatives
should demand that the federal
government enforce the Canadian
Constitution on British Columbia anyway
now it's gotten even worse Alberta
premier Rachel Notley
is saying the province will buy the
trans mountain pipeline project outright
if that's what it takes to get the
pipeline built even crazier not we said
she liked the federal government to
partner with her on the project god help
us all
Rachel Notley wants us to go into
business with Justin Trudeau what could
possibly go wrong here people Alberta
getting into the oil business with the
Trudeau but more specifically like the
dumbest Trudeau as a partner should send
chills down the spine of all sensible
Alberta everywhere and in the end
spending tax dollars on a project the
private sector was willing to own on its
own will not change the opposition at
the other end of this pipeline in fact
BC Environment Minister George Hammond
has already told us that's the case he
said that disputes over the Kinder
Morgan trans mountain pipeline should be
settled in court if Alberta or the
federal government invests in or buys
the Kinder Morgan pipeline B C's
approach won't change of course B C's
approach won't change because it's not
about who owns the pipeline or any
pipeline it's about the nationality of
the oil inside the pipeline the oil is
Canadian therefore it must be stopped
if Alberta buys the pipeline it's
certainly not going to change the hearts
and minds of Greenpeace and others now
is it of course because those hearts and
those minds have already been bought and
paid for a long time ago with foreign
money as Vivian Kraus discovered through
her research this is from an article in
the Financial Post the okk foundation
created by a duty-free shop founder paid
Greenpeace Canada and undisclosed sum of
money to leverage the growing interest
of ranchers and landowners in limiting
unbridled oil and gas exploration and
production in southern Alberta
Greenpeace was also funded to conduct
specialized opinion research and media
work and to identify messaging for
maximum information value among
Albertans
Wildlife Fund Canada was paid an
unreported amount by the oke foundation
for an e campaign to mobilize Canadians
and send a politically compelling
message you see these people don't care
about whose name is on the side of that
pipeline they are there to stop the flow
of Canadian oil to international export
markets that is it by all means
necessary besides these two not Liane
Trudeau aren't particularly known for
their business acumen or their
responsible use of tax dollars Notley
has proven herself to be an absolutely
terrible negotiator with no will to play
hardball anyway so with Alberta Alberta
investing in this pipeline we're really
probably going to get screwed on the
deal I mean who could forget how not Lee
Bend BC wind from import into Alberta to
try to start a trade war with British
Columbia over the pipeline dispute her
silly plan targeted the Okanagan you
know the conservative free trading part
of British Columbia and the part most
likely to support a pipeline then Notley
cancelled her bed after two weeks and
claimed victory in that war guys look
how victorious we are right now with our
cancelled pipeline in all and then there
were all those Power Purchase Agreement
lawsuits that were triggered by not
least poorly thought-out coal phase-out
the government actually allowed one of
those lawsuits to be settled using
400,000 carbon offsets as a currency
that's like taking magic beans in
payment carbon offsets aren't real money
and they don't build schools and they
don't build roads buying us this
pipeline that we can't afford and that
not least surely cannot manage will not
get us social licence with our enemies
any more than paying a carbon tax Rachel
Notley never campaigned on well because
as we know social licence doesn't exist
the only thing real here is the failure
of the government and the financial risk
now being transferred to Albertans for
the Raval dot media I'm Shiela Henry
join us for the largest rallies against
the carbon tax ever organized Saturday
April 14th at the Alberta legislature in
Edmonton from 1 to 3 p.m. and again
Sunday April 15th at city hall in
Calgary from 1 to 3 p.m. great speakers
are already confirmed everyone is
welcome admission is free but we be
pretty grateful for donations to cover
our costs it's a family-friendly event
so family friendly signs please for more
information go to repeal the carbon tax
calm
