you all know from watching our videos
here at the rebel and all of our content
that this organization is very
supportive of free speech I am
personally grateful for that because
there are often times and I do see your
comments that I offend people but I
assure you it is never intentional
I do have an irreverent sense of humor
and sometimes I don't do a great job of
straddling the line between offensive
and clever I slip up every once in a
while and go too far but I am so
thankful to everyone here at the rebel
from top to bottom for their support of
expressing opinions I believe that that
is one of the most important purposes of
our First Amendment to invite discourse
it's how we solve problems but how are
we ever going to solve problems if
different sides of an issue are
suppressed here in the United States I
never in my wildest dreams would have
imagined that I would have to question
what I say or post on social media for
fear that I would get thrown in jail now
this isn't South Africa I'm not
literally being thrown in the slammer
like Vicky Malmberg of Johannesburg last
week which is a good thing because I'm a
tiny woman and I would probably be made
to be someone's bitch and have to trade
cigarettes for tampons and that wouldn't
work out very well either because I
don't smoke so I would be screwed but
hey there's always toilet wine right if
you don't know what toilet wine is
google it also Google Vicki malmberg if
you don't know the news story that I'm
talking about but of course I have been
shadow banned on Twitter numerous times
I have also been thrown in facebook jail
more times than I can count on my pretty
little first-world manicured fingers so
sometimes it most certainly feels like
my speech is being stifled simply
because someone out there may not like
what I have to say what has happened
thus far in my career on social media is
concerning but this bill being proposed
here in California scares me a whole
heck of a lot more California senator
excuse me Richard pan has introduced a
bill titled SB 1420 for which targets
social media based here in California
and I'll just read you a few excerpts
from the bill
very brief the introduction to the bill
says this the bill would require any
person who operates a social media as
defined internet website with a physical
presence in California to develop a
strategic plan to verify stories shared
on its website the bill would require
the plan to include
among other things a plan to mitigate
the spread of false information through
news stories the utilization of
fact-checkers to verify new stories
providing outreach to social media users
and placing a warning on a news story
containing false information now what's
concerning to me about this is who is
going to be deeming what I post as real
or fake news because as we all know on
social media specifically Facebook Mark
Zuckerberg company who just testified on
the hill yesterday but on social media
Facebook in the past has made a habit of
taking down stories or pages or even
booting people off Facebook simply
because they don't agree there have been
numerous instances of stories being
taken down that were 100% valid and
verifiable yet when probed about the
reasoning behind the deletion Facebook
responds with some vague and ambiguous
statement about it not complying with
Facebook Terms of Service similar to the
gun control debate and conservatives
being paranoid about a gun grab yeah you
could say I'm a little paranoid about
this because if this bill passes
agencies of the California government
will develop numerous regulations for
enforcement including penalties for
speech criminals that would be me which
some of you might be happy about
actually but let's say I want to post a
blog entry about how I tried out the
Casper mattress for a hundred days and I
deemed it to be the worst mattress on
the planet obviously I'm not making a
factual assertion I'm stating my opinion
but under this law that could be
something flagged and subsequently
punishable or maybe you want to post on
your blog spot page about how your
grandkids are the cutest kids on the
planet well there is no Miss Universe
pageant for kids I don't think thank God
so obviously you can't unequivocally
make that claim by the way I'm sure your
grandpa and granny
kids are the cutest kids on the planet
other than my parents grandkids but
George Orwell as in dystopia as in 1984
as in big brother he said if Liberty
means anything at all it means the right
to tell people what they do not want to
hear so what all that I post do these
people not want to hear I think it's a
safe wager to bet that what I can only
assume will be a very liberal council in
California they're not going to approve
they're not gonna like what I say are
you scared yet you should be because I
sure AM and I do not scare easily
thanks so much for watching everybody
I'm Amanda head for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.hsn
also download our new fabulous app for
the rebel media on the App Store
download and you will have access to all
of our latest videos and your favorite
rebel shows thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel
