President Trump is considering firing
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
I'm gonna tell you why I think that's a
great idea and absolutely necessary we
now know that Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein was the one who ordered
the FBI to raid president Trump's
personal attorney Michael Cohen's
offices and homes this is an
extraordinary step because the FBI swept
up pretty much all of Cohen's
electronic devices is laptops his
computers his cell phones his tablets
his even non electronic devices his
records that weren't digitized there is
no doubt there is 100% certainty that
there are attorney-client privilege
materials within those files within
those seized items that in and of itself
is very problematic now when law
enforcement raids an attorney's office
they're supposed to be what's called a
taint team the tape team sits between
the law enforcement investigators who
seized the materials and the defendant a
suspect whatever their classification
might be the officials on that team on
that team team what they're trying to do
is avoid documents being tainted by law
enforcement viewing privileged materials
but team teams don't work because
they're law enforcement now they're
supposed to have nothing to do with that
investigation but it never never works
because the agents or the police
officers are never on that taint team
they'll work with the agents on the case
they're good friends they socialize they
go and have drinks together they are
each other's kids godparents it doesn't
work they speak the information is
always compromised it happens inevitably
they simply don't work it's a very
dangerous precedent that law enforcement
is set more about that a moment why this
case though is most troubling why this
case is incredibly probably is that we
now know that it was not Jeffrey Berman
the US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York
who ordered the raids on Cohen's offices
and home we know that it was again the
same guy involved in this McCabe's good
friend a guy who jeff sessions defers to
rod Rosenstein rod Rosenstein ordered
the raids personally on the well I want
to be urging but after getting
information from his good friend and I
consider co-conspirator in a soft coup
against the sitting president of the
United States
Robert Muller yeah rod Rosenstein
ordered these raids forget the fake news
Berman who had prior relationship with :
they knew each other through the legal
circles now Jeff Berman Jeffery Berman
was appointed by President Trump and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions to
replace the US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York
Behrman is the new US attorney for the
Southern District of New York and
because he had a previous whether it be
professional a personal relationship
with Michael Cohen they had crossed
paths in some fashion Berman had recused
himself from all matters pertaining to
Michael Cohen and to rod Rosenstein rod
Rosenstein a Deputy Attorney General
ordered the raids on Michael Cohen's
offices I won't say at the urging again
but at the upon receiving like I
mentioned upon receiving information
from Muller this is problematic on so
many levels I don't know where to begin
first and foremost why is Robert Muller
investigating stormy Daniels is this
low-rent stripper now a Russian agent
well no we know she's not so there was
no reason for Robert Muller to be
looking at anything pertaining to the
stormy Daniels matter it's silly in and
of itself it's ludicrous
but for rod Rosen's D it take the
extraordinary step of ordering these
raids
well you to be okay with that you have
to ignore the fact that Rosen seen
himself should be recused from this
matter because Rosenstein is potentially
a witness for Muller
if Muller is in fact looking into
obstruction of justice
if Muller is looking into obstruction of
justice charges against the President of
the United States because the president
fired James Comey now we've talked on
the show many many times about why
that's silly and nonsensical and the
president has the right to fire the FBI
director for any reason but if that is
what Muller is looking at then rod
Rosenstein is a witness because it was
his memo that recommended firing Comey
you can't be a witness in a matter and
also the managing prosecutor on that
matter now we're told that Muller
doesn't run unrestricted I don't believe
it
we're told that Muller has a scope I
don't believe it we're told that rod
Rosenstein manages Muller I don't
believe that either he might entitle but
rod Rosen Sina Muller are partners in
this effort to take down a sitting
president because he won the election
when Hillary Clinton was supposed to
that's what this is about
that's all this is about this should
scent this should send a chill down the
spine of every American every American
should look at this and be horrified if
this can be done who a billionaire with
send it to the presidency who in
addition to his billions in his global
Empire is now the most powerful man on
the face of the earth whereas the might
of US law enforcement the intelligence
community and military behind him if
those entrenched bureaucrats can do this
to him my god what can they do to us
what can they do to you what can they do
to me these people have the ability to
destroy lives they're doing that to
Michael Cohen they're doing that to the
president's family they're doing that
the people who worked on the campaign
this is beyond disgraceful
this is beyond troubling this is in fact
the constitutional crisis now some
pretty sophisticated some pretty
well-known constitutional lawyers some
pretty well-known law enforcement
figures have the same issues with this
that I do they think the Muller probe
should be shut down they realize how
ridiculous the allegations against
Michael Cohen are and I'm gonna tell you
all about that who they are why those
allegations are ridiculous on my longer
show off-the-cuff Declassified today
right here on the rebel
this Muller investigation and Rosen
thines complicity and what I feel to be
a very tarnished improper investigation
this is probably one of the most
important reports some of the most
important commentary I'll ever bring you
and I want to do it every single day so
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.mediaed.org this
