have you heard London's gone all knife
crazy and only stop and search can put
an end to it as of the 9th of April at
least 35 people have been fatally
stabbed in London since the start of
2018 our capital city is quickly
resembling a third world war zone in
fact in one of my first videos for rebel
way back in January I discussed exactly
this about how knife crime is
significantly more prevalent in our
capital city than anywhere else in the
country and now our murder rate is
higher than New York and with ever more
political pressure mounting on him every
day Sadiq Khan's been forced to take
action
Khan thinks that he can stop criminals
carrying knives by just telling those
criminals and this against the law to
carry knives
yeah because criminals have only been
stabbing and killing people because they
thought it was legal Khan said on
Twitter that there's no excuses and
never a reason to carry a knife well to
be honest at this rate I feel like there
is if you follow me you probably know
that I'm not really the biggest fan of
guns but in a city as unsafe as London
which has become dangerous because of
ethno-cultural conflict in gangs what's
a person meant to do when they can't
protect themselves guns are illegal
pepper sprays illegal was a small woman
meant to do when she presented with a
large man with a knife is she gonna
roundhouse kick him if there's a time
when people might feel like carrying a
weapon for defense is appropriate it's
now when record numbers of people are
being fatally stabbed what the hell are
people meant to do well you know this
hasn't been created just by Sadiq Khan
though London's been welcoming in some
of the worst quality immigrants for
years and the ground fault our incidents
showed just how willing the government
is to not only hide the presence of
illegal immigrants in the capital city
but also how easy it is for them to sign
over citizenship to them and as the
population in London has grown
ethno-cultural gangs have formed and
disproportionately affected young black
men poverty's worsen the housing
shortage is called panic and people have
just been left feeling hope hopeless
London's become a breeding ground for
crime this never had to happen London
didn't have to become a city where
people were worried about getting
stabbed or a city where people had to
worry about how they were going to
protect themselves on the street this
was avoidable and
we're facing a shocking and awful
reality were now faced with policies
like knife control presents increased
presence of police on the streets and
reversing Sadiq Khan of getting rid of
stop and search and while in an ideal
world I'd rather we didn't have police
acting as keepers of a piece on each
street corner it looks like it's
necessary Khan campaigned against stop
and search back in 2015 and later set
out a plan that claims stopped and
searched must not be based on profiling
and instead on actual intelligence which
just defeats the purpose of stopping
search entirely instead of giving police
the power to randomly stop and search
people who fit the typical description
of criminals in an area prone to crime
police need actual intelligence through
stop and search gang members and people
planning criminal acts who might have
been unknown to the police can actually
be caught and without it Khan's new
knife control regulations seem pointless
the London mayor's announced a new knife
control measure that involves 300
additional police officers being placed
in the most crime-ridden neighborhoods
of London that's 1/3 of the amount of
police officers that he has dedicated to
hate crime by the way and no matter how
hard these police officers work they're
not going to be able to catch these
knife wielders unless they have
intelligence to suggest that the persons
carrying one so how exactly is this
thing going to work this video asked
whether Sadiq Khan is you turning on
stop and search and well he isn't really
yes the mayor has called for more
stopping searches to tackle the spike in
crime but these searches are to be
performed within the parameters he set
out in 2016 which means it's not
stopping search at all it's just police
officers doing the best they can on
limited actual intelligence now targeted
stop and search as he calls it isn't
stop and search it's just regular
policing and London is well past regular
old policing if Khan wasn't such a
politically correct city he'd implement
full stop and search that could turn
London around like that in the same way
that Giuliani cleaned up New York City
as a part of his zero-tolerance policy
on crime when he was mayor of NYC
Giuliani implemented a stop and frisk
policy so people were stopped and
questioned over 4 million times between
2004 and 2012 and yeah it was based on
profiling but most of them weren't even
searched and homicide numbers fell from
2605 in 1990 to 905
deewan in 2001 in 1990 there were over
half a million serious crimes in New
York this was reduced to just over a
hundred thousand in 2011 so Giuliani's
tough stance on crime cleaned up the
city and it's been replicated elsewhere
too a Harvard study found that a surgeon
stops by the LAPD under the policing of
chief William Bratton from 2002
correlated with a massive reduction in
crime and that's what London needs we
can't go back in time boy I wish we
could but London's been dropped in at
the deep end and if Sadiq really wants
to remedy this problem if he wants to
roll back the effects of his party's
disastrous policies in London and by the
way the policies have the former
Conservative Mayor Boris Johnson who was
Harvey any better then he needs to grow
a pair implement stop and search
properly and a zero-tolerance approach
to crime that also involves a more
sensible allocation of police funding
and resources stop wasting time on hate
crimes and round up the gangsters in
London watch me and the rest of the
rebel team on our brand-new app download
it now from the Google Play Store and
the Apple App Store
you
