it was Kinder Morgan's decision to
freeze things but it's based on the fact
that Trudeau and Notley haven't lifted a
finger and John Horgan the premier of BC
he's basically the only guy who's firm
on this and he's saying it's not going
forward Kinder Morgan believes him what
do you think well it's hard to blame
Kinder Morgan in this situation right I
mean as you say as Trudeau had promised
there was this grand bargain you know
we'll have a carbon tax and we'll get
pipelines well it turns out the social
license as there was more of a fake ID
John Horgan certainly isn't buying it
and there are a lot of folks in this
country who will not support a pipeline
no matter what the carbon tax and I
think some politicians being honest
about that and I think it's a fair
question if you know part of the deal is
the carbon taxes means we get pipelines
does that mean if we don't get pipelines
doesn't mean they're going to get rid of
the carbon tax I love that it'll be
answer to that yeah you know I was
looking at some of the statements by
Kinder Morgan I mean they're they're an
international company they're based in
the States this is an important project
for them it's a seven point four billion
dollar project and writing off the 1.1
billion dollars they've spent already is
obviously a terrible thing for
shareholders and their stock price
dipped but basically what they're saying
is they're about to get in a really
heavy spending moment 30 million bucks a
day I mean I know that sounds insane but
that's that's what it costs to do this
work that's how you get to seven point
four billion and they'd rather amputate
a finger rather than the whole arm just
I'm sorry to be gross but that's that's
sort of what this is like they're just
saying we don't care about the politics
we're in the business of business you
guys don't have it sorted out either
they're doing a risk-adjusted rate of
return and they're saying get out and
can you really blame a marriage can you
blame them would you put your money into
this Kinder Morgan pipeline seeing the
politicians all arrayed on on various
sides is its dead no you're right that's
the whole dark reality of private
business if you don't think you can make
money you're gonna get out and that's
what we're seeing here look Ezra this is
bad news for Canada's straight down the
line it's bad for Alberta it's bad for
the rest of the countries a lot of lost
tax revenue a lot lost jobs and it
really
undermine the federal government's
narrative that they've created this
environment that's so good for doing
business when we're seeing more and more
companies openly coming out and saying
forget it you simply don't think we're
gonna ever be able to get pipelines
built in this country so look the onus
is on this government they're seeing a
lot of words I haven't seen any action
and I look forward to seeing what they
are going to do to actually try and get
this pipeline built that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show known lives behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
