the other day a book abruptly landed on
my desk kind of like a piece of Chinese
space junk descending from the
stratosphere it's entitled my Canadian
boyfriend Justin Trudeau by Carrie
Parker and so it was that with an
airsickness bag safely within arm's
reach I read this book cover to cover so
that you don't have to you're welcome
I'm usually a quick study when it comes
to literary works but my Canadian
boyfriend Justin Trudeau it left me
dazed and confused I'm not exactly sure
what it is or what it was meant to be
is it a failed parody or unintentional
pornography is it truly a heartfelt love
letter to our prime minister from a
smitten American female fan or are we
collectively being played like so many
rubes taking in a circus sideshow I
really don't know if this book where a
car would be the Pontiac Aztek if it
were an animal it would be the
duck-billed platypus it's odd it's weird
and it's kind of unsettling so I'm going
to present some select excerpts and
perhaps you can enlighten me is this
thing fish or fowl Fricker frak cuz
right now I'm totally gobsmacked let's
begin with the front cover which
radiates in girly-girl pink it is also
for students with a heart and a couple
of maple leaves and then there's Justin
himself he's got that I mean business
look about him what with his shirt
sleeves rolled up except that he's
forming a heart with his two hands
something you'd expect a girl in grade 3
to do maybe but not the Prime Minister I
pray this photo was photoshopped
speaking of demographics I'm not quite
sure who the target markets supposed to
be after all the literary content is
less Cormac MacCarthy and more Tiger
Beat Magazine indeed given the
intellectual level of the prose I was
surprised there wasn't a cat in the hat'
I can read it all by myself logo gracing
the upper right hand corner of the cover
you know that same sort of logo one
finds a fix to something along the lines
of green eggs and ham or Fox in socks on
the back cover I discovered the price of
the book Wow
22 95 which by my estimation means it's
overpriced by precisely twenty two
dollars and ninety four cents now the
shameless adulation for our p.m. begins
on page four it's kind of like a Yoko
Ono
sir it starts off bed and then proceeds
to get horrid quote I first saw a Justin
in 2015 when my Gilmore Girls binge
ended and the 6 o'clock news began the
anchors were reporting about the awful
ugly things that were happening in the
world then after a series of commercials
Justin's shining face appeared and my
world completely changed
Jason had just won some sort of national
contest for adorableness or something
thousands stood cheering for him I too
rose to my feet as the crumbs of my
various salty sweet snacks fell from my
lap the weight of the world fell from my
shoulders
I saw forever in his eyes I saw
happiness in his smile his compassion
and kindness not to mention his killer
bod make him the prime minister I've
ever seen with Justin right across the
border
my nerves are calmed my heart beats
faster oh jeez I'm sorry lady please get
a room already let's zip ahead to page
14 a photo depicts Justin as looking
vacuously into the distance striking a
pose similar to those male models who
populate the Sears catalog the copy
reads my boyfriend gazes northward far
past the snowy plains of Nana Vette and
smiles knowing that the future he sees
is indeed female what who is this female
justin is gazing at that resides north
of Nana vut mrs. Claus on page 22 justin
is cradling an infant the copy reads
just when my boyfriend couldn't get any
cuter
he holds a baby is it just me folks or
is there a look of terror on that kid's
face on page 38 Justin seems to be
turning Japanese given his haberdashery
the copy reads my boyfriend understands
the difference between celebrating
diversity and cultural appropriation
which only goes to show you folks that
the print run for this book took place
before Justin's disaster as mr. dressup
India
to see finally the most egregious piece
of fake news is found on page 112 its
justin donning posh graduation wear from
an institute of higher learning and the
copy reads is it hot in here or is it
just my boyfriend's degrees oh no way
sorry you just crossed the line there
Carrie Parker justin only has a Bachelor
of education degree from the University
of British Columbia that's it that's all
one degree
Honore degrees do not count and whether
we're talking Fahrenheit or Celsius here
one degree isn't hot it's pretty damn
cold actually I would be remiss if I
didn't mention that Carrie Parker is a
pen name it is noted on the back cover
that Carrie Parker is not real but her
true de lis madly deeply love for Justin
Trudeau is but if Miss Parker doesn't
exist then who pray tell wrote this
slobbering manifesto gee couldn't have
been Justin Trudeau himself hey I might
be totally wrong here but then again it
is the sort of thing you'd expect from
an out-of-control narcissist for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies hey folks the rebel has a
brand new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
