riddle me this what do you call a group
of people who believe in deep
platforming and lowering the grades of
conservatives think whiteness is
responsible for discrimination and even
terrorism and wants a boycott Israel but
cry foul and they themselves are
targeted hypocrites or apparently
distinguished speakers at an academic
freedom week at one of the nation's most
prestigious universities check it out
when left-wing professors outnumber
right-wing professors 12 to one on
college campuses what's the obvious
group to host an academic freedom
conference well obviously a left-wing
group like Columbia University's
apartheid divest which was the school to
divest from companies like HPE Boeing
and Caterpillar the group compares the
oppression of left-wing professors to
the McCarthy era saying we cannot allow
university administrators to continue to
collude with all trite bigots to silence
our voices so they're bringing together
a range of academics and activists who
have been because of their ideas and
activism assailed and silenced by
universities across the country right
well let's take a look at some of these
ideas and activism on Monday Columbia
students will be treated to a panel
called on the Palestine exception
featuring Rutgers professor jasbeer par
who argues that Israel harvest
Palestinian organs UCLA professor Gil
Hochberg who thinks the militarized gaze
of Israeli soldiers is a tool of
dominance and Columbia's own Joseph
Mossad who has redefined anti-semitism
to also include hatred of Muslims yay
diversity of opinion and it gets even
better with Tuesday's white supremacy in
academia get out your pen and paper for
some insightful comments from Trinity
College professor Johnny E Williams who
called White's
inhuman assholes using the hashtag let
them fucking die or how about Florida
Gulf Coast University professor Ted
Thornhill who said dab early dressed
conservatives wore the uniform of white
supremacy and that there's no such thing
as black racism great idea why play by
the rules of the English dictionary we
can automatically win by
creating your own but if there's a VIP
of the VIPs it's got to be Jorge Sakura
Lamarr the professor who tweeted all I
want for Christmas is white genocide and
said the Las Vegas Massacre is what
happens when white people don't get what
they want
Segura Lamarr will be panelling
Wednesday's academic anti-fascism panel
because he is of course also a big fan
of the men in black now there can only
be one winner but his fellow panelists
San Diego State University professor
Ozzie Monge deserves a shout-out for
threatening to lower a white students
grade when she dared disagree with him
over the school's Aztec mascot what's
really fascinating about this Columbia
event is that while the pro-palestinian
student sponsors state universities have
attacked and silenced these speakers
almost none of them actually were
attacked or silenced by their
universities Drex they'll put sakura
Lamar on leave and then make him teach
classes remotely for security reasons
until the professor chose to resign and
San Diego State kicked Monge out of the
classroom but only after the California
DOJ found him guilty of racial
retaliation but that seems to be it if
you want to host a real academic freedom
event Columbia maybe you should invite
fewer lefties who are a little too edgy
for the in-group and more conservatives
who have no hope of making it into the
group to begin with for campus unmasked
I'm Ravi I'm shocked if you like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
