the rebel was knocked off the internet
this weekend most of Sunday and most of
Monday morning - just gone vaporized
if you tried to visit our site you got
this weird error message we have tens of
thousands of stories more than 8,000
videos and none of it worked you
couldn't see it and we couldn't upload
any new stories either we had
journalists recording new videos writing
new stories and we couldn't even put
them online and we couldn't even let you
know what was happening because our
email system was blocked - for almost 24
hours now for a news and opinion website
based on current events where we update
the site all day long back that could
have killed us this happened to us once
before last August when an Internet
infrastructure company made the
political decision to cut us off with
just a few hours notice we were
unavailable on most of the internet for
three full days last August that almost
killed us which was their point a
left-wing Silicon Valley company known
as a DNS server thought they'd take us
out and they almost did but we survived
this weekend shutdown wasn't the result
of a political attack it was a problem
that our internet hosting company called
nation builder had but the effect was
the same we were offline for a day much
longer and it might have killed us -
we're taking steps to fix this as you
may know we have our own media player
now called Xipe we're putting our videos
there - not just on YouTube because
YouTube is gradually cutting us off
they've cut off our ads and now they're
cutting off our traffic we've built an
app that's in beta testing mode that
means it's not the final product but you
can still download it and try it out
while we work out the bugs it's free by
the way and hopefully in the next month
or so we'll have the final version of
the app and it'll be independent of
nation builder but let's be honest
unless you are a billion dollar company
they'll always find a way to get you
little guys like us get picked off all
the time our old friend in the UK Tommy
Robinson Twitter just banned him last
month just poof he was gone
permanent ban 400,000 followers suddenly
can't find him on Twitter it's like he
never existed do you know these two
high-energy ladies in the US who go by
the name diamond and silk they're pro
Trump they're great they've got a great
sense of humor Facebook just decided
they were
dangerous to the community and they've
been censored just blocked I guess what
I'm saying is yesterday's one-day
blackout wasn't a political attack on us
that we know of but it's just a matter
of time until such another attack comes
along it's not a conspiracy theory
Justin Trudeau has threatened Facebook
that if they don't censor his political
enemies in the media before next year's
election he will force them to do so
through legislation he literally told
them this reported in the Toronto Star
we're doing our best to strengthen our
systems to prepare for that please check
out our apps which you can download at
the Apple and Android stores until they
ban us I guess can you please help us
out help us finish the app you can
download the prototype version for free
now and help us work out the wrinkles
but can you please help us financially -
by helping us to replace the ad money
the YouTube has removed from us helping
us overcome the constant hacking attacks
that left us direct at our websites
other media have lined up for handouts
from Justin Trudeau we'll never do that
ever
we're a hundred percent supported by our
viewers will you help us now please
yesterday's Internet blackout felt like
a near-death experience from a media
point of view would you please consider
chipping in ten twenty five or even a
hundred dollars to keep us strong one
day when the real attack comes I want to
be ready I want to survive it or else
one day you'll wake up and we'll have
been unperson
just made to disappear without a trace
and you won't even be able to find out
why please help us prepare for that day
by clicking below on stand with the
rebel calm that stand with the rebel
calm we don't want to die just yet visit
stand with the rebel calm we don't rely
on Justin Trudeau for our funds for 100
percent of you were supported maybe
you're one of those supporters thanks
you
