there's a toronto-based icecream chain
now expanding into the US that's a good
thing
too bad the company's name has some
Christians fuming the sweet Jesus ice
cream company is receiving worldwide
attention these days alas the publicity
has nothing to do with what's on the
menu and everything to do with its name
as you might imagine sweet Jesus has
upset some Christians who don't like the
Lord's name taken in vain or for that
matter to be used as a marketing gimmick
to sell ice cream so it is that on one
website citizen go it has collected more
than 11,000 signatures on a petition
calling for the sweet Jesus owners to
quote issue a public apology for
misusing the name of our Lord Jesus
Christ and change the name and branding
of your franchise end quote
but like that tree planted by the river
the owners of sweet Jesus shall not be
moved
in a statement sweet Jesus co-founder
Andrew Richman noted quote after a lot
of thought we have decided that we will
not make a change end quote and Richmond
downplays the idea that the company name
was meant to be purposefully offensive
quote sweet Jesus is an honest
reflection of our experiences and that
of our customers and how they react when
they try our product in our experience
the majority of people understand that
we're not trying to make a statement
about religion end quote
well I'm gonna go out on a limb here and
call bullsh right on that particular
statement I mean really how many people
bite into a butterscotch cone from this
shop and yell sweet Jesus thanks to the
resulting taste bud euphoria however
that's not to say I'm keen on some sort
of m103 like law preventing retailers
and marketers from using religious icons
or terminology in their names in this
regard I'd much rather let the free
market decide look if you have a craving
for ice cream and you don't care one
whit what the name of the shop is fine
Jesus it is then but if you do find that
moniker offensive then keep walking I'm
sure there's a baskin-robbins nearby
even so I do wish I had the financial
resources to conduct a social experiment
regarding this issue which is to say it
would be most curious to see what the
reaction would be if one were to open a
store called
sweet Prophet Muhammad ice cream I mean
I just wonder what if the same people
who are telling angry Christians to take
a chill pill regarding the sweet Jesus
name would suddenly switch gears
on-the-fly and start screaming about
cultural insensitivity and calling for a
name change with that store in fact you
may recall that last month we reported
on the controversy over a painting at
Toronto's Ontario College of Art and
Design
the artwork depicted the outline of a
nude female on an Islamic prayer mat and
it was promptly removed from display
after various Muslim students at the
college complained even though the
artist herself is Muslim even though art
as we are told by the tall forehead
types is sometimes meant to shock and
offend well sorry when it came to that
prayer mat artwork this non-halal potato
was just too hot to handle for the
courageous artists
running Ontario College of Art Design
then again the folks at OCAD are likely
only too wary what can happen when
artwork offends certain Muslims we've
all laid witness to the barbarism that
erupted in light of those Danish
cartoons and the Charlie Hebdo
caricatures and in the department of
comparing apples to apples when it comes
to the food service business just
consider this Church's Chicken when it
expanded into the Middle East was
rebranded as Texas chicken this was done
to avoid offending local religious
sensibilities yes nearly using the word
Church can be a non-starter in an
Islamic Republic and that's why I had a
jolly good laugh regarding the headline
in the New York Post pertaining to the
sweet Jesus controversy namely
Christians
wage war against sweet Jesus Wow if you
call an online petition and an attempted
boycott along with some terse letters to
the editor and a few nasty phone calls a
war well it would seem to me that in
this day and age in which violence or
the implied threat of violence is what
tends to move the needle then devout
Christians are quite ill-equipped to
wage war in defense of their faith it
must be that whole turning the other
cheek thing for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's I'd Menzies hey folks
have you heard the rubble has a brand
new app please download the rebel up and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
