well it could almost make for the
plotline of a South Park episode namely
South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey
Parker recently came out of the closet
which is to say they're part of that
endangered species known as Hollywood
based Republicans and with more on this
brave declaration by two of perhaps the
funniest guys on the planet I'm joined
now by our own Hollywood conservative
Amanda head welcome to rebel roundup
Amanda thank you for having me
fantastic now Amanda as you noted in
your commentary the first clue that this
dynamic duo leans to the right is the
fact that stone and Parker are never
hesitant about savagely mocking those on
the left and that's pretty much
territory few left-leaning comedians
really tread upon much safer to recycle
all those Donald Trump jokes after all
so I imagine this admission of there's
surely put a smile on your face yeah and
and they have been putting a smile on my
face for decades because they're in
their twenty-something season of South
Park but like you said that this is
definitely a strong indicator that a
comedian or even an actor or actress or
musician or anyone in the public eye
possibly leans to the right or maybe
they're just in the center but let's
face it Center these days is considered
right but you know the most comedians in
Hollywood refused to attack anyone on
the left so when you have a comedian who
is willing to do that of course they
also attack people on the right you know
they've done episodes about Carly
Fiorina Sarah Palin Donald Trump but
when when you find a comedian who is
willing to be an equal opportunity
offender unfortunately we're at a sad
place in society where that means that
they are actually conservative but it's
actually indicative of something even
deeper which is that the left is now so
consumed by their own people and their
own culture and their own policy that
they you know it's this echo chamber and
they feel so inclined to attack each
other and even if it's in a harmless way
even if it's in the context of comedy
and yet people on the right and
conservatives tend to be you know we're
equalized in our in our joke making oh
you know I'm and I agree 100% that they
are equal opportunity offenders but
having said that I don't think it's a
big surprise to find out that
Republicans are that they're consider
they lean right of center in that when
you look at the content while they take
shots at everybody they seem to be the
shots seem to be more prevalent against
the left and more vicious against the
left whether it's South Park or that
that movie they made from ten years ago
Team America world police and as a
matter of fact I think seven years ago
there was a term coined called a South
Park Republican which I think kind of
means you're a fiscal conservative
what's your take on that I think so too
and I think that a South Park Republican
is actually what most Republicans and
conservatives have become because you
know the the party of the right used to
be considered just a bunch of old
stuck-up people who didn't care about
anyone else and while that was never
true we just had different modes of
going about helping other other you know
whether it was minority group or
religious group we just had different
methods of helping people helping them
with a hand up not a hand out hey that
was an excerpt from my show
rebel roundup where we discussed the
week's top stories with your favorite
rebels to see my show and more sign up
to become a Premium Member today
you
