a woman tears up a Quran in order to
take a stand against radical Islam but
the question arises did she do more harm
than good in terms of promoting her
cause sandra solomon recently made
headlines for going on a crusade in
which she rages from a quran and shoved
those tattered pages under the wiper
blades of parked cars outside a mosque a
video of the incident was posted on
facebook but has since been deleted now
by way of background sandra solomon used
to be a muslim she claims she was abused
under sharia law when she lived in saudi
arabia eventually she converted to
christianity and she has spoken out
against islam on several occasions which
of course is her right to do so it is
also her right to rip pages from the
Quran now while I understand how ripping
up any holy book from any religion might
be deemed by that faith adherents as
being grotesquely offensive I don't
believe such an act should be illegal
nor would I classify the shredding of a
Quran or a Bible or a Torah as being a
so-called hate crime
going by the truest sense of the
definition after all I'd much rather an
inanimate object get harmed than an
actual person even so while Solomon
certainly generated much outrage and an
excess of publicity for her stunts the
question must be asked was it truly
effective or was it counterproductive my
gut feeling is that sandra solomon
likely did more harm to her cause when
it comes to pointing out some of the
more unsavory things about islam that so
many others feel compelled to ignore due
to political correctness or fear or a
combination of both i say this based on
what I heard last spring when I attended
a gathering in Mississauga Ontario
called
Muslims against m103 and when all three
is that federal motion that is
ostensibly about Islamophobia
but it's really
about clamping down on freedom of speech
based on hurt feelings in any event the
keynote speaker at Muslims against m103
was author and commentator Tarek Fatah
who gave a rousing speech in terms of
why m103 is a mistake but check out this
particular excerpt of his speech
pertaining to those who go around
tearing up currents as long as we are
sleeping and as long as you attack Islam
you played their game when people tear
up the Quran and scatter it on the floor
they did absolute wonders why crash
Holly you did wonders when people went
on camera and said Mohammed is a
pedophile nothing better happened and
they did it and there was a chill in the
air
I hate Muslims gotcha and you destroy
yourself do you know who root who reads
Sunni Addison's know the art of war by
forget about it
Sun Tzu the jihadis do you know who
doesn't treat this white people who are
anti-islamist if they had read this they
would not even have been close to where
the Quran was being thrown in a garbage
bin outside Toronto City Hall I think
Fattah is right I think there is a far
more effective way to attack radical
Islam namely by simply presenting the
facts of the matter indeed just check
out the fallout resulting from Salomon
stunts namely the usual suspects are
calling for beefed up laws and
legislation that would prohibit such
actions which effectively further
greases that slippery slope when it
comes to the war on free speech her
actions were a gift to those who dine
out on Islamic victimhood but it should
also be noted that what went almost
completely unreported by the media
regarding
was the double standard when it comes to
Islam and hateful speech wishes to say
is Tarek Fattah noted in a recent
Toronto Sun column quote as for the
self-righteous Imams and Islamists who
are crying hate perhaps it is time for
them to take stock of their own actions
at least 20 times a day from dawn to
dusk in every Mosque of Canada they
should stop describing Jews as people
who are suffering the wrath of God and
Christians as people led astray from the
path of God
end quote indeed as we all know all too
well sometimes when Jews Christians and
other assorted infidels are spoken about
at certain mosques the rhetoric is far
far more hateful than that yet how odd
that this sort of hate speech
continually gets a free pass also a wall
in the media coverage of the Koran
ripping incident was this while Sandra
Solomon is roundly depicted as being a
hater why is there so little sympathy
for this woman if Solomon was indeed
abused while living under Sharia law
just where are the feminists taking up
the plight of a woman who suffered from
physical and psychological trauma or is
this a matter of Islam being such a
sacred cow these days that the religion
of peace can even instantly render the
me2 movement as being utterly irrelevant
for the rebel dawn media I am David the
men's I'd Menzies hey folks you might
have heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
