if you're gonna be in Calgary on
Thursday night April 19th you've got to
come to our Calgary premiere of our
movie save the Christians The Forgotten
refugees it's the story of how Isis and
other Muslim extremists are ethnically
cleansing Christians from Iraq one of
the oldest Christian communities in the
world where they literally still pray in
Aramaic the language Jesus spoke
it's a powerful film interviewing actual
Christian refugees who fled and it's
also a scathing indictment of the United
Nations which excludes Christians from
their refugee system like we say in the
movies title they're the Forgotten
refugees I should tell you the movie is
not for the faint of heart you will see
Muslim extremists toppling crosses off
of churches smashing churches you'll
hear terrible eyewitness testimony but
frankly that's all the more reason to
see it because we have to tell the world
what is going on to Christian
communities in the Muslim world
especially Iraq so get your tickets now
go to save the Christians calm I'll be
there and so will the hosts of the movie
Jennifer Breeden the international human
rights lawyer who fights for Christians
and we'll take your questions after the
movie go to save the Christians calm for
more info including the exact street
address of Calgary Life Church where
we're showing the film at how to buy
tickets online that saved the Christians
calm and I'll see you in Calgary on
April 19th it's a story you won't see
anywhere else told but it has to be told
come to save the Christians The
Forgotten refugees in Calgary on April
19th details and save the Christians
calm
you
