would you like to attend a white
privilige conference or how about a
condom snorting festival and I've got
some shady and unfortunate new details
about the lesbian couple who ploughed
off a California cliff with their
children all of that today on the rebel
buzz are your kids in college or are
they in grade school and will someday
hopefully attend college or have they
already survived college if your kids
have already obtained their college
degree and made it out of the system
without becoming a whining entitled
identity politics obsessed societal
leech congratulations
yes that's an extremely difficult task
that is becoming exceedingly less
achievable especially when you have
universities indoctrinating students
into the the world owes me I deserve a
trophy I deserve a raise mentality I
recently overheard a conversation
between two women at the juice joint up
the street where one woman said to the
other you should always ask for a raise
no your word girl go for it
ah no no you're worse sure but if your
work is not ample you don't deserve a
raise unless you're a non-white then by
all means girl you go get that raise
because you deserve reparations to
counter white privilege that's the
message being delivered loud and clear
by the University of Colorado Colorado
Springs soon as there can earn up to
three class credits through a course
that requires them to attend a white
privilege conference these credits can
be applied toward a graduate certificate
in diversity social justice and
inclusion along with courses such as
unmasking whiteness and social health
justice I'm just wondering what types of
topics are discussed at a white
privilige conference maybe it would
behoove me to attend because I am
clearly not exploiting my whiteness
effectively I work three jobs I don't
have health insurance because the
Obamacare bronze plan is too expensive
for me to justify and I work my pant my
fanny offer every penny I earn now the
description for the class is that it's
built around the white privilege
conference designed to provide
foundational knowledge provide an
opportunity
to connect with the WPC experience with
research and best practices in the field
and to apply knowledge gained there yep
that definitely sounds like I could
benefit from it
but fear not about your children's
vulnerability to liberal brainwashing in
college as it turns out many of these
future college students are likely to
stupid to even gain admittance to
anything more than cosmetology school
I'm not dissing cosmetology folks they
keep me from looking like I've been on a
10-day bender with no sleep but
generally there are no prerequisites for
admitted so that's why I said that the
generation known as Generation Z who are
currently in middle school in high
school have out dumbed themselves again
believe it or not they've moved on from
slurping down soapy detergent pods -
snorting condoms I've included a handy
little article below about helping your
kids not become idiots by caving to peer
pressure so enjoy so yes the group of
Americans who want to drive policy in
this country pound their chests and roar
aka
stomp their feet and screech about how
mighty and powerful they are they are
snorting contraceptive latex up their
snot lockers mm-hmm my only hope is that
they will maybe become so utterly
confused that they will begin to believe
that snorting a used condom is what
makes a baby and then that will be the
end of the line for their genetic mental
deficiency because goodness knows we do
not need these people
breeding alright moving on to a topic
that's unfortunately just as depressing
as my prior to look it's cloudy in
California I'm blue so I'm imparting
that on YouTube but we have deeper
details about the lesbian couple who
drove off a cliff with at least three of
their six children in tow after a
preliminary investigation officers on
the scene said it does not appear that
their actions were intentional however
there were no skid marks or brake marks
marks indicating that the turn over the
cliff was not the result of an exterior
factor like swerving to miss an animal
or something in the road but more
details have emerged that leads one to
reasonably question why these children
were placed in the home or allowed to
remain in the home of Jennifer and Sarah
Hart to begin with the women were
currently under investigation for
starving their child
after a neighbor reported to child
welfare services that one of their
children Devante Hart had been coming to
their home asking for food Devante had
also asked the neighbors that they would
leave food by a fence nearby so that the
parents wouldn't find out and they were
using this as a means of punishment for
their children
an incident also occurred months before
where one of the couple's daughters
showed up at their door at 1:30 in the
morning in a blanket asking for them to
protect her because her parents were
abusing her and additionally one of the
parents Sarah Hart had previously been
convicted in Minnesota of domestic
assault in 2011 court records indicate
that Sarah's plea led to the dismissal
of a charge of malicious punishment of a
child so with everything that I've just
told you about this case if you were an
employee of an adoption agency with
access to criminal records domestic
complaints etc would you have placed the
child in their home I mean if you're
trying really hard to score cool points
in the community for giving a child to a
lesbian couple you probably would but if
you're a decent reasonable human being
who has compassion and concern for a
child's welfare you absolutely would not
so so where's the breakdown here with
the adoption agency with local CPS
employees because two women and three
children are for sure dead and the three
others have yet to be found also a
friend of the couple said they nicknamed
them heart attack because they were so
loving so they associate an acute
myocardial infarction with amorous
parenting style and weird
then again nearly every aspect of this
case is and truly sad for the children I
mean thanks so much for watching
everybody have a great weekend I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us over here at
the rebel subscribe to our premium
content at www.hsn
and Twitter for all of the latest news
also download our new app for the rebel
media on the App Store quickly
downloading you will have access to all
of our latest videos and your favorite
rebel shows thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel
