we're used to atheists and agnostics
arguing that believing in God is
irrational but what about arguing that
believing in God is immoral well that's
apparently what one North Carolina
religion professor believes let's take a
look meet dr. Jarrod Whitaker a religion
and gender studies professor at Wake
Forest University specializing in
Buddhism and Hinduism an unnamed
Catholic student of his recently came
forward and said Whitaker would
constantly explain why Christian
theology is problematic racist sexist
imperialist and fundamentally evil his
point was specifically that Christianity
is in a position of power everything
came down to who is in a position of
power and how he can problematize that
Wow it never ceases to fascinate me how
leftist can criticize the very thing
they love the most power maybe they
think that because they in their
infinite compassion abuse power so must
everyone else anyways the Catholic
students said Whitaker's position was
that it was not only illogical to
believe in God he said that to believe
in God is one of the most immoral things
you can do and to believe there is an
objective truth is the most tremendous
evil that is responsible for all the
great suffering in the world that's
right if you think wheels are the best
thing to put onto your car you must be a
bigot and don't you dare compare the
values imported or the death tolls of
communism to capitalism everything is
equal full-stop now responding to his
alleged bias Whitaker gave a pretty
boilerplate response saying critical
inquiry can cause distress but that he
at all times reaffirms his students
religious convictions while asking them
to think through their own beliefs with
a critical analytical and self-reflexive
perspective well if by critical he means
critical theory that Catholic students
pretty screwed what this really is of
course is cultural Marxism if my
ideology can't hope to make people as
prosperous civilized and egalitarian as
yours
I'll just conveniently ignore the
metrics you use and attribute your
success to the exploitation of others
and there's the rub if normal forms of
measurement like logic and reason fail
cultural Marxists they'll just redefine
concepts like equality and diversity or
create completely new systems by which
they can give their own ID
points and when you don't obey their
rules you better get ready for the ad
homonyms just like Wake Forest
conservative student Brian Wolfe who is
rewarded for his conservative beliefs by
getting called a mayonnaise monster
looking ass for campus unmasked I'm Rob
simcha if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
