did you catch that Heineken ad that was
quickly pulled by the brewer after
allegations of racism well of course
there was an undercurrent of racism but
guess what that was Heineken strategy
from the get-go
given the fierce fallout over Heinekens
most recent advertisement it would seem
that the last time this particular brand
of suds faced such brutal blowback
it came via Dennis Hopper in the 1987
movie blue velvet what kind of beer do
you like Heineken debt packs Blue Ribbon
well I'll be the beer of choice for
paranoid perverts is Pabst Blue Ribbon I
think I know a PBR drinker that actually
indeed falls into that category but I
digress in any event in case you missed
that Heineken ad that's causing so much
outrage the world over here it is
now as you just observed the Heineken
beer bottle slides by many people before
coming to a full stop in front of a
woman just three little hitches though
number one all of the people the bottle
passes by happen to be people of color
number two the final destination for the
bottle is smack dab in front of a woman
who happens to be white now points
number one and number two would be
completely irrelevant if it weren't for
point number three which is the ads
tagline sometimes lighter is better Oh
suddenly people were seemingly confused
if Heineken meant lighter is better when
it comes to the alcohol content and beer
or if lighter is better when it comes to
skin pigmentation outrage soon reigned
heck even somebody called chance the
rapper was slamming the ad on social
media as being terribly racist as people
around the globe gasp how could Heineken
have been so colorblind how could they
not know this ad wouldn't be offensive
but that's just the thing folks while
Heineken will never admit to this
tourism the Brewer knew full well this
ad would cause outrage the people
running Heinekens marketing department
aren't idiots after all they knew they'd
have to pull the ad to placate their
critics they knew they would have to
issue copious quantities of Mia Copas
and vowed to be far more culturally
sensitive in the future but that was all
part of the game plan from what we're
seeing now is a gutsy marketing
technique that all label as manufactured
racism as we all know from the
perpetually offended demographic there's
no perceived slight too small to raise a
stink over so clearly what Heineken was
doing here is zigging towards a racist
or a perceived racist statement while
others zag away from anything even
remotely controversial and it was all
done in an attempt to get noticed in
that sense mission accomplished
hey everyone knows there's no such thing
as bad publicity
well at least in a case like this after
all in the marketing game it's all about
breaking through the clutter
it's all about scoring eyeballs and if a
company is really really lucky it will
be responsible for something so famous
or infamous that it will receive
millions or even hundreds of millions of
dollars in free publicity and such as
the case for this ad while it was in the
new cycle for a few solid days if
anybody was talking beer they weren't
talking about bud or Coors or even Pabst
Blue Ribbon they were talking about
Heineken and despite all the fire and
fury does anyone truly believe this is
going to hurt Heinekens bottom line for
those who buy Heineken buy the case do
you think they're now going to stop
doing so due to such a manufactured
misstep well I'll bet you a six-pack the
answer is going to be this Heineken
might even gain market share in the
years to come it's funny what brand
recognition can lead to besides we're
pretty sure a company like Heineken has
done its market research
indeed my gut feeling is that the
marketing folk at Heineken realize there
are tons of snowflakes who tend to lose
it over what they perceive to be racist
these days no matter how trite after all
in 2018 we hire we have an entire
constituency of people who live by the
mantra I exist therefore I am offended
and Heineken played these people and the
rest of us and the media - bottom line
if a company can leverage a snowflake
outrage into an avalanche of free
publicity where's the downside for the
rebel dog media I am David the man Zoid
Menzies hey folks you may have heard the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
