you know snow-white is such a sweet
innocent movie a classic tale of a
princess overcoming an evil queen and
marrying a prince it is none of the race
baiting and politicking of modern movies
but don't worry the University of Santa
Clara is about to fix that for you check
it out a dorm at the University of Santa
Clara featured this enlightening Bolton
board called snow your whiteness look it
has snow white six dwarves maybe the
Creator forgot there were seven and oh
look the poison apple is whiteness now
race-baiting fruitcakes putting up
propaganda on college campuses isn't new
but what's really interesting about this
case is how perfectly the dwarves line
up with the emotion I felt when reading
each section for instance here's grumpy
saying whiteness is about power this
makes me grumpy because no whiteness
isn't about power you are about power
the left is obsessed with power identity
politics to divide and conquer
social media lynch mobs and deep
platforming campaigns and when all else
fails and Tifa punching you out because
the end justifies the means
here's bashful saying whiteness is a
state of unconsciousness that's where
I'm about to put this Marxist dwarf
whiteness is apparently invisible and oh
look there's a checklist with white and
Mayo listed as privileges Wow I feel
bashful for whoever made this poster if
they think being on the wrong end of
affirmative action hiring is a privilege
oh and here's dopey above a picture of
emoji with the caption white only exists
in relation slash opposition to other
racial categories socially created right
because actually discernible differences
in color are just a social construct and
then there are these photos of an Arab
1985 freedom fighter 2005 terrorists
yeah it definitely would take a complete
dope to present that uncritically
without mentioning the oh I don't know
3000 lives lost on 9/11 the student
photographer told me that about
three-quarters the people in santa
clara's county voted for Hillary every
day students walk by posters with
instructions on how to be an ally to
undocumented students fliers on how to
avoid toxic masculine
and advertisements for classes with
titles like queer Native American
literature I'm just waiting for
university administrations to realize
that their product is not marketable if
it were they wouldn't have to rely so
heavily on government endowments ouch
harsh but fair for campus unmasked I'm
Rob chin shock if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
