as predicted liberals are trying to
blame everything but the cause of the
shooting at YouTube headquarters now
look no one wants to see a shooting no
one wants to see a shooting of one
person no wants to see it no one will
see a mass shooting unless of course
it's the police shooting some deranged
criminal who's trying to hurt other
people then we're fine with those kinds
of shootings or our troops killing
terrorists I'm good at that all day long
but the shooting at YouTube was tragic
at their headquarters in San Bruno
California it's always tragic when
people who are just going about their
day going to work are shot now last
count there's one dead the shooter three
wounded the shooters name is Nassim
Ogden a woman who appears to be mentally
ill now a lot of speculation online that
she had ties to radical Islam other
other religious sects that have partaken
in terror I've dug in quite a bit last
night and this morning I can't find any
connection now I don't like the
mainstream media's not at least
exploring these connections we
unfortunately in a post-911 world have
to explore them but as I dig into this
and I dig in deeply and look I'm a guy
that's not afraid to call it out you
watch me you know that I don't see any
connection right now between this woman
between this woman and radical Islam it
appears she was a troubled woman and
that's what the segment is about look I
can tell you from my days in law
enforcement 20-plus years ago there has
always been and there still is a
fundamental but a very troubling and and
an unworkable disconnect between mental
illness and prevention of crime now I am
NOT a guy that likes to ever even use
the word crime prevent words crime
prevention because I think that it
provides people with a false sense of
security
there is no panacea there's no panacea
when it comes to crime prevention crime
has always happened bad things have
always happened to good people bad
things will always happen to good people
the nature of living in a free society
it's the nature of living on planet
earth it's human nature people do things
in the heat of the moment domestic
incidents are for the most part
impossible to prevent unless you're
gonna station a police officer in
people's homes 24 hours a day seven days
a week and have that police officer
stand between the two people
a crime will always happen it's very
very difficult to prevent it but the
troubling common denominator in these
shootings these mass shootings and in
many of these incidents is that law
enforcement was given a a warning law
enforcement had a heads up on the person
and so seems to be the case with Nasima
bomb a YouTube shooter she apparently
was a troubled woman she had complaining
YouTube because they D monetize her
video like they did to many other people
like they've done to many companies like
they've done to us at the rebel many
many people have been affected by
YouTube's algorithm change and their D
monetization policies but those people
did not go and commit violence they
didn't go and shoot up YouTube's
headquarters Nasima dom did and when you
watch her videos when you look at the
evidence that's starting to trickle out
it becomes i don't is it crystal clear
but increasingly clear that this woman
had some problem the videos made her
appear to have problems the the nature
of her threats to youtube appear to
indicate we had some kind of mental
problems I'm not gonna diagnose that I'm
a mental health professional there are
people far more qualified than I am to
do that what I want to talk about is the
disconnect law enforcement is getting a
bad rap and in many respects they should
and it pains me to say that as somebody
that loves that profession but in many
respects they should the Broward County
Sheriff's Office fell down on Nicholas
Cruz in parkland now this appears in San
Bruno California the YouTube shooter
appears to be one warning we don't have
enough evidence yet whether or not we
can villainize but law enforcement
agencies in the area on this one but we
simply don't and I don't want to do that
if it's done unfairly what I will tell
you is this there is there is a
legislative gap
in a monetary gap a funding gap between
what the police can do with those who
are mentally ill there there simply
isn't enough money to enable the police
to do what they should be able to do
when called to the scene of someone
who's mentally ill and I'm gonna go very
deep into that I'm gonna explain it to
you I'm gonna tell you some personal
experience variances I had on the street
in dealing with mentally ill people when
I wished I could have done more but I
just couldn't my hands were tied I'm
gonna tell you all about it today on the
rebel right here on my longer show off
the cuff declassified this is really
important subject matter really really
important subject matter that that gets
to the heart of many of the problems
that we're facing as a society today and
I want to bring it to you every day so
help me do it
i subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
