students at the University of Michigan
at flint voted last week to divest from
Israel making the school the third out
of three University of Michigan campuses
to pass such a resolution but while the
student Senate's are on board it doesn't
seem like the administrators are take a
look the Student Senate at the
University of Michigan at flint
unanimously voted to divest from all
companies that participate in the
unethical violation of Palestinian human
rights yeah I'm sure that phrase
unethical violation won't be exploited
at all to serve a political agenda the
resolution passed fairly easily probably
due to the fact that Flint has no Jewish
or pro-israel student organizations the
Flint student government is excited that
student government's at um Ann Arbor and
Dearborn have passed similar initiatives
but doesn't seem to realize that none of
these resolutions actually matter if the
school administration simply chooses not
to recognize them for instance students
at the Ann Arbor campus finally
succeeded in passing a divestment
resolution last year after at least ten
previous failures we appreciate hearing
from students said the administration
but went on to note the university's
long-standing policy is to shield the
endowment from political pressures and
to base our investment decisions solely
on financial factors such as risk and
return um Board of Regents was a little
more blatant saying outright it strongly
opposed the BDS movement now when it
comes to the University of Michigan and
money divestment initiatives aren't the
only strange happenings last week around
1,700 Michigan professors demanded a pay
raise that would almost double their
starting salaries threatening to go on
strike next week lecturers at the three
campuses currently make around 30,000
dollars starting salaries and the union
is asking for a sixty thousand dollar
base at Ann Arbor if the union strikes
on April 9th and 10th about a third of
the classes at Ann Arbor and half of the
courses at Flint and Dearborn would be
left while presumably teacher 'less a
work stoppage or strike by elio members
has its biggest negative impact on
students at a critical time near the end
of the academic year said um spokesman
rick Fitzgerald a strike by Elio members
violates the term of the current
contract which remains in effect until
April 20th
there is a no-strike clause in the
contract which elio members agreed while
Fitzgerald seems like you have three
options let the students fail fire the
professors or hey maybe you could divert
some of the money from that ten million
dollar Multicultural Center you're
building on campus or initiatives like
these anti Islamophobia self-defense
workshops just food for thought for
campus unmasked on robbed shrimp shop if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details these in the forum on campus
unmask calm
