here's the news today these illegal
migrants unskilled no language skills no
job skills no cultural skills nothing
Justin Trudeau has offered to take them
to Canada
I'm serious look at this story in The
Globe and Mail Canada to resettle
Israel's African asylum seekers what why
he why what does this got to do with us
let me read from the story Canada will
resettle nearly 2,000 asylum seekers
from Israel despite Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu's decision to freeze
an agreement with the UN refugee agency
to relocate thousands of Africans to
Western countries here's more from the
story Israel's ambassador to Canada
Nimrod mark Han confirmed Monday that
Canada made the overture two months ago
after the Israeli government announced
its intention to expel African migrants
to third-party countries in Africa oh
that's another thing they weren't even
being sent back to Sudan or tough places
like that they were going to go to
places like Rwanda and Uganda which are
safer than Sudan let me read some more
the plan will involve asylum seekers who
have made requests to immigrate to
Canada Israel agreed to postpone their
deportations until their applications
had been processed by Canadian
authorities
why did Canada do that what what does
any of this have to do with Canada
what's Canada's interest here Sudan and
Eritrea are crumby places it's true but
it's not the calamitous civil war like
Syria had until recently and Netanyahu
was gonna send them to safer countries
elsewhere in Africa there is no pressing
need here and if there were Canada could
set up our own processes and do our own
selection on our own terms these are
literally the rejects of someone else's
system Israel says they're illegal
they're just economic migrants or folks
who just don't want to go back to Africa
and I don't blame them not wanting to go
back to Africa but they're not in any
way morally or economically or
diplomatically or socially superior to
any of the other 7 billion people in the
world who probably want to come to
Canada or Israel if that good these
people weren't even vetted by Israel
they
leaked in to Israel from Egypt through
Gaza before that border was sealed is
that really enough of a criterion for
Canada to say hey those guys are ours
those are great Canadians what Canada
should say no to them that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
