Facebook has banned a Catholic ad
featuring a crucifix because according
to Facebook the crucifix is excessively
violent imagery the Franciscan
University of Steubenville says that an
ad they posted to Facebook was rejected
for being shocking sensational and
excessively violent now the University
was posting their ad to promote their
online Master of Arts in theology and
their online Master of Arts program in
Ketut etics and evangelization
but according to screenshots shared on
the school's blog called the Franciscan
Facebook rejected the ad under the
pretense that the school's image video
thumbnail or video cannot contain
shocking sensational or excessively
violent content the excessively violent
image in this case was the San Damiano
cross now that's a fairly ornate sort of
well known I guess and not all that gory
depiction of Jesus raining from a
cruciform throne when we're talking
about the Easter season or the
crucifixion of Jesus the point was that
it was a violent act if you are
Christian you believe that Jesus had
knowledge of the violent death that was
coming for him and he accepted it as
part of God's plan
sacrifice because he so loved us all
that he would die for our sins and such
a horrible horrible way okay so there's
your religion lesson for today
now the crucifixion was violent that's
the deal
but in reality this isn't all that
graphic considering the actual event
we're talking about crucifixion was a
form of execution the Romans frequently
used we're convicts were strung up and
in Jesus case also nailed on to cross
timbers until they died of exposure
suffocation or injuries related to
brutality inflicted upon them before
they were nailed or put upon the cross
while crowds watched and waited for them
to die but this thing it's beautiful and
ornate and not gruesome this is a pretty
sanitized depiction of what a
crucifixion really was I mean we had a
scarier depiction of the
11 station of the cross in my house when
I was growing up and what was Facebook's
excuse for all of this it looks like the
well-meaning folks at the Franciscan
University were accidentally snagged by
Facebook's algorithm now that might be
true I'll concede that but I thought I'd
take a look at some of the things that
Facebook bans and then take a look at
some of the things they don't ban just
for context just this past December
LifeSite reported that they tried to
boost the story of a pro-life woman
being dragged out of an abortion clinic
by a doctor but Facebook banned their ad
Facebook wouldn't really give a straight
answer when emailed by LifeSite Facebook
simply stated that the image was against
Facebook advertising policies and that
the content advertised in the ad is
prohibited so no real reason just
arbitrary prohibited because facebook
says so then back in 2016 Fox News had a
pretty interesting article about 10
times Facebook heads censored
conservatives one of the examples listed
was when Facebook locked a young black
kids account for suspicious activity
after he posted a video supporting Rudy
Giuliani's criticisms of Obama and then
continuing on our theme of Facebook
being anti-christian another example
cited in that article was the
proliferation of groups with such names
as Christianity is a plague begging for
a cure and the Virgin Mary should have
been aborted but at the same time a
group supporting Kirk Cameron's
Christian focused movie unstoppable was
shut down without explanation by
Facebook okay so now let's talk about
some of the things that Facebook somehow
let's sneak past this algorithm in March
2017 a fifteen-year-old girl in Chicago
was gang-raped by a group of five to six
men or boys while 40 people watched on
Facebook live in January 2017 to Afghan
migrant men in a Swedish citizen were
arrested on suspicion of rape in Sweden
after live-streaming a rape to Facebook
fourth
hours in April 2017 a Cleveland man
named Steve Stephens posted a facebook
video of himself randomly killing
another man Stephens then posted other
videos claiming to have committed other
murders all to Facebook and in January
2017 in Chicago four young people
goons really posted a Facebook live
video of themselves beating and
torturing an 18 year old man with
special needs and you know what even
more recently and a little more closer
to home a little over a week ago in
British Columbia the violent protesters
at the Kinder Morgan pipeline site in
Burnaby assaulted an RCMP officer and
one protester proudly Facebook live the
assault itself and that assault took
place after that same protester recorded
herself to Facebook live encouraging
fellow protesters to assault that same
officer oh you see the old algorithm
excuse seems to catch a lot of
conservatives and pro-lifers which i
think is a little bit weird Facebook is
a private company and they can do really
whatever they want but could they at
least pretend to be fair in the
application of their own rules because
the truth is Facebook misses a whole
world of real live broadcasts violent
imagery even as recently as last week in
Burnaby BC by the way I checked and that
video is still up on Facebook I will
acknowledge that this could be the
result of some automated algorithm but
that means this automated algorithm
needs a pile of more work because it
appears to have some sort of agenda
written right into it there's been a
real outbreak of violence captured on
Facebook live over the past few years
murders rapes and assaults on innocent
people and police officers and they've
all been broadcast on Facebook live
Facebook live is a real problem it can
even be a place for snuff videos if you
want it to be but instead Facebook spent
all their time in a lot of money
developing an algorithm that
accidentally bans Jesus during Lent for
the rebel media I'm Shiela gunnery
what you just saw there is my daily
video here at the rebel but I also have
my own weekly full-length show it's
called the gun show we talk about issues
facing Canadian families to get access
to my show in the rest of our incredible
premium content become a rebel
subscriber today
