have you ever wanted to see Laura Croft
The Iron Giant and Ninja Turtles Duke it
out with Freddy Krueger Sonic the
Hedgehog and scorpion in some big 175
million dollar lore the ring style
Battle Royale with Duran Duran playing
in the background
well then ready player one is for you
but if that's not your cup of tea there
is some little piece of nostalgia in
this film that will at least make you
perk up and your scene say oh yeah I
remember that
abed days this is pure Hollywood
ready player one is Steven Spielberg's
latest movie and it's a nice change of
pace from his Academy stroking movie the
post last year ready player one is based
on the best-selling book by Ernest Cline
and this is more of a focus on tickling
the moviegoers fancy now is this tickle
enough to make you cry uncle and
enjoyment or is it just annoying and
makes you want to swat the hand away
let's find out as a movie I'll give
ready player 1 a 4 out of 5 this movie
has the feel of every summer blockbuster
it's big it's fun it's loud and it's
about as deep as a puddle on the street
corner what makes this movie great is
the nostalgia every single scene is
chock-full of all these memories of
characters films and music that we all
love that you literally can't look away
and it engages you the entire time and
because of these elements the two-hour
run time just flies by you literally go
from someone's room next thing you know
you're on a race track riding the top of
Martin McFly's DeLorean trying to run
away from King Kong like it's just
everything happens so fast now this
movie's plot is pretty simple you're set
in a dystopian future and now there's
this new computer-generated thing called
the Oasis everyone can plug in play and
do whatever you want like it doesn't
matter what's going on the real world
because you can always go in the Oasis
and be and do whatever you want the
Creator this game dies new leaves three
keys for any players to go find and if
they find these keys they end up getting
the entire game as basically the plot of
the entire movie but whether this movie
lacks is what happens in the real world
because everything in the
computer-generated Oasis happened so
beautifully in fast pace and everywhere
the real-world stuff really has to jump
the shark to move forward love happens
instantly and the plot points happen so
conveniently it's almost like in real
life these people did have the cheat
codes to the real world to get
everything done they need to get done
now as a critic I'm gonna give this
movie a three out of five now then stal
Joe it was great it was beautifully shot
fun to watch and the CGI was spectacular
and for the first about half the movie
you can tell if Steven Spielberg is
doing a fantastic job like I like the
story was fun and takes health too
seriously but it was working was great
but then all this at the halfway point
you can tell all the care just kind of
veer off and have to just do things
things just start happening and people
get smashed together you're like why
would these people possibly be together
how does this make sense for this to
happen and you can tell it was an agenda
starting to be pushed it was this Steven
Spielberg was like okay now at this
point what are the messages that we need
to include to make this movie popular
for 2018 everything just gets a bit more
on the nose and obvious the second half
of the movie because they're just trying
to push a point but I think what is most
interesting is that Warner Brothers has
so many pieces of intellectual property
put in this movie all these characters I
don't want to spoil but
just like thrown in the movie and it is
great to see which ones work and I know
all the studios just beta-testing this
big all right who the audience like what
are we going to throw 200 million
dollars at next year and I guarantee you
at least three characters that pop up in
this movie they're gonna have their own
movie soon because the reaction for the
audience now my faith in values is a 3
out of 5 now there's a strong theme of
coming together and fighting for
something bigger than yourself
in this movie now there's also these
obligatory elements of like these
comrades rising up together to take off
these evil greedy corporations that are
either trying to keep us or ruin our
beautiful Oasis now here's the
real-world example of this take the
Oasis say it was run on greed this evil
corporation is gonna take everyone's
money just so it can make more money but
what happens if they decide to stop
playing or if another company makes
something new they say hey we don't have
the advertisements you know they're
getting debt to us you can just play in
the Oasis great that'll rise up offset
it that's what's gonna happen
when it's run on greed you have to give
the people what they want here's a
little of nostalgia for you remember
when AOL made you pay to have an email
address or you thought unlimited data
for your phone would never happen that
would be impossible then than it did
because guess what one company made the
email free and another company gave you
included data all of them have it now
now the reason why the Oasis worked is
because you can interact like the real
world you'd have to ask for permission
both people talk do whatever fight kill
whatever which just all no holds bar in
the Oasis so let me give you another
real-world example of what would happen
if they gave the Oasis with no rules
just to the people the world of warcraft
was the biggest online game ever at one
point having 12 million people connected
playing together interacting together at
the exact same time very similar to the
Oasis now what would happen if you took
the rules out where you had to agree to
engage with somebody did agree to fight
or kill or do whatever I tell you what
would happen it would be complete
survival at the fittest people would
just destroy people for fun steal the
strongest would take everything away it
would be straight tyranny and oppression
constantly and everyone has ever played
World of Warcraft knows exactly what I'm
talking about so what's the solution
well similar to the way the Oasis
actually worked best anyone can join
there's no barriers to necessarily entry
yes if you're fortunate you can buy
great power-ups guns have a good time
die buyback in whatever even if you're
dirt-poor you can start from nothing
earn your way up and become fantastic in
the Oasis to be as good and as dominant
as you want to be capitalism I mean the
Oasis I'm Penn Davies this is pure
Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
