since the antler kitchen and bar opened
in Toronto its received rave reviews in
fact on most nights it's impossible to
get a reservation but not everybody is
happy you see folks the soy boys and the
tofu twits who make up hog towns club
vegan well they've been staging protests
outside this restaurant sticking their
envious faces against the eateries front
window in an effort to intimidate diners
well last week antlers owner and chef
Michael hunter decided to give these
carrot Crusaders a taste of their own
shock and awe medicine which is to say
he butchered a deer leg in full view of
the protesters and the vegans lost it
they were triggered they were appalled
after all how dare a carnivore choose to
embrace his love of meat well much like
those mindless zombies in the walking
dead the vanquished vegan i'ts have
returned to antler to carry out yet
another meat eating protests why well
let's try to find out what the protest
here ma'am I mean like what exactly are
you hoping to accomplish I mean this is
just one restaurant of thousands in the
City of Toronto that's firstly with this
restaurant is that they promote ethical
meat there's no such thing as ethical
meat there is no way to humanely kill an
animal that doesn't want it done so true
there's no way to no way to kill an
animal that doesn't want to die it's
just like I mean people have the problem
is people put their lives above the
animals and we're on this planet
together they're here with us they're
not here for us we were designed to eat
plants humans were designed eat plants
not omnivorous by nature and absolutely
not because we don't first of all I
don't see you have sharp teeth like all
the animals who eat meat right if you
are where a meat-eater you
the squirrel without any tools and just
using your bare hands and you know your
teeth you would eat it there is no right
way to kill someone who does not want to
die what does that mean exactly
it's exactly what it means there's no
right way to kill someone that does not
want to die so these animals that are
being consumed in this restaurant and in
every other restaurant or for clothing
for entertainment they don't want to die
they want to live their lives they want
to be free now you know it's like
because I've seen these kind of signs
that like anti-abortion rallies would
you be anti-abortion to this is
irrelevant I believe for this protest so
right now we're talking about animal
rights so I would you know answer any
questions you have regarding that I
understand that but when you say someone
who doesn't want to die didn't you make
that argument for a baby that yet to be
born I'll refuse to answer that question
for those who didn't have a choice are
you speaking of the animals on the
manual absolutely that almost sounds
like you know an anti-abortion kind of
sign when I saw it that was the first
thing that came to mind are are you
anti-abortion yourself and we're here
for the animals because they didn't have
a choice you know people are constantly
killing them
without without even thinking twice
that's all though I mean you know even
right by in the argument you know a baby
that yet to be born doesn't have a
choice yet but you don't have a comment
on that dear no no we're all equal we
shouldn't exploit these other species
just because we can we're actually here
to be their caretakers not their
tormentors I don't think anyone would
like to see animal cruelty but I mean it
has an animal husbandry doesn't that go
back as long as our species itself it
has but that doesn't mean this is 2018
well folks the vegans are really ramping
up the protest outside antler they're
chanting it's not food it's violence
well you know what it's not violence
it's food and there's finger licking
good let me tell you for the Revel dot
media I'm David the man's Lloyd Menzies
hey folks have you heard the rebel has a
brand new app please download the rebel
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
