the u.s. is about to be invaded and it's
an invasion designed to test the trump
presidency 1,000 people from Central
America mostly from Honduras some from
Guatemala are coming to the United
States demanding something called Easter
asylum and a heard of Easter asylum
didn't know Easter asylum existed it was
a thing now the worst part about this is
it's being enabled by the Mexican
government being enable by the Mexican
government I'm sure you've seen the
photos there of course using photos of
little kids of these families traveling
the little kids I mean hey who doesn't
like little kids Democrats love it
saying it's about the children liberals
love that but what about the children
what about the parents allow their kids
who irresponsibly and abusive lis allow
their kids a walk through the cartel
ridden hellhole that is Mexico who
illegally come to the US now there are
reports that they've crashed through
borders they scared off Border Patrol
agents in Mexico but they're in Mexico
by the way the way I see it is they're
Mexico's problem not our problem
Mexico's problem now look we all have
compassion for little kids right I do
you do everybody does
but I have compassion for little
American kids and the kids here
illegally there are priority kids who
were born here and the kids who came
legally whose parents paid the money and
waited on line they are our first
priority we should be able to do things
for kids out of the country of course
donate money send clothes and food look
I've got a friend who goes down with his
church they build homes he's done very
very well in business very successful
wealthy guy and he and his family go to
Guatemala they essentially adopt these
families they build homes for them god
bless him it's a wonderful thing he's
doing it there he's making their country
better but what he's not doing is
advocating they get to invade the United
States now look this is a big screw you
to America from Mexico all this is about
that's all this is about Mexico simply
wants the United States crippled to its
knees it wants the United States
completely blue because they know the
Democrats will keep the borders open for
them indefinitely and they can be our
doormat our playground they hate Trump
because trumps a strong president they
hate Trump because Trump doesn't kowtow
to them
but we need to start getting is tough on
our own as we do around the world we
need to start putting Democrats in their
place and we need to get very tough on
Mexico and if it means canceling NAFTA
let's cancel NAFTA is the one thing we
can't do is allow a thousand more
refugees into this country because our
immigration laws suck they're gonna come
here they're gonna the could all I need
Asylum in a de silo minute asylum
now you can bet your bottom dollar and
I'm gonna go into this deeper later
today on my longer show you can bet your
bottom dollar that among these refugees
are criminals there are criminals
because you can't vet and again I'll get
into that later in the day on my other
show I have more time there can vet
these people I guarantee you experience
for empirical data that criminals have
joined this refugee caravan
and they're gonna try to come into our
nation more ms-13 more gangbangers more
drug dealers more killers more rapists
more drunk drivers more pedophiles more
armed robbers you name it they're coming
and Mexico's letting them and make no
mistake this is a modern-day Mariel
boatlift when the marielitos came to
Miami Key West back in the late 70s
early eighties when Fidel Castro opened
his prisons and what happened well the
good old cocaine cowboy days in South
Florida machine gun shootouts at the
Dadeland Mall little kids being killed
in cars and their bodies dumped in front
of the mosque in Miami all those are the
good old days down here in South Florida
all because of an influx of refugees we
couldn't vet and all because moronic
Democrats like Jimmy Carter allowed it
all it was about
rats hate this nation they hate this
nation more than they Revere our
Constitution they hate than service more
than they care about the rule of law far
far more
Donald Trump has to get tough here he's
talking tough but he has to get tough
here let me read you a couple of the
president's tweets President Trump said
Mexico when he's right has the absolute
power not to let these large caravans of
people into their country they must stop
them at their northern border which they
can do because their border lowers their
border laws work not allow them to pass
through into our country which has no
effective board of laws and he's right
they're gonna come here they're gonna
say they want to Siloam they're gonna
get it then they're gonna get caught and
released right that dumb catch and
release program then they're gonna take
advantage of daca then it's the
Democrats demanding a path to
legalization and they get counted in the
census gerrymandering happens more blue
districts path to citizenship because
you've got Democrats now controlling
Congress
country stays blue irreversibly it's an
invasion to turn us into a socialist
nation that conspiratorial that's not
hard ll being overly conservative or
meaning a tinfoil hat no it's math it's
math and voter profiles make no mistake
nothing about that is conspiratorial
these immigrants who got here illegally
and who are then legalized vote Democrat
overwhelmingly the more you let in the
more you guarantee the country turns
blue they settle into certain areas
right those areas grow and when those
areas grow these big blue areas grow
census shifts the congressional
districts so those big blue areas now
have several districts the rest of the
state that's red has only a few
districts the Democrats get far more
seats in Congress in that state they
take over Congress population grows it
becomes blue they take over the Senate
and eventually the White House with
electoral votes because they're moving
into places making the population dense
kappa rekt oral votes they win the
country glows goes blue the country
falls into a socialist abyss
we need to stop it the Trump needs to
crush you to strangle Mexico
economically he needs to make it very
clear to Mexico that if one of these
people so much as sets a big toe on US
soil that he will cancel NAFTA and will
strangle Mexico economically until it
chokes out the only way it's the only
way sure we cover troops on the border
sure we can put more border agents but
these people are gonna keep coming
they're gonna keep coming
we need our wall we need more border
agents we need the national guard on the
border but we need Mexico in fear of us
and there now and now one of the
frontrunners and the Mexican
presidential elections which coming up
in July is taking an even more hard line
against the US and even more Pro illegal
flooding and invading our nation line
across the u.s. into the u.s. I'm gonna
tell you all about it I'm gonna go deep
into the vetting problems I'm gonna deep
into the problems that this coming
invasion they're there any minute
they're coming to our southern border
that could be there now any day they're
gonna be there I'm gonna go much deeper
into that in my longer show off the
company classified today right here on
the rebel please subscribe to our
premium service at www.uvu.edu/library
Kenny sheriff Scott Israel go to the App
Store download the rebel app thanks for
doing all those things hope you all had
a great Passover and Easter weekend
thanks so much for watching I'll be back
with you tomorrow
