although I wear many hats I am NOT a
professional film critic and I know that
you will be absolutely shocked with my
audacity when I say that I think that
actually makes me perfectly qualified to
critique your film because I'm a normal
person but over the weekend I had the
pleasure of screening the movie getting
grace but beyond that I had the even
greater pleasure of sitting down to
coffee with the writer director and
producer who also stars in the film
daniel roebuck now you probably know him
from a lot of stuff out there he has a
very recognizable face he is in the man
in the high castle he was in Glee weeds
lost and just about any other series
you've ever seen in many mini movies
he's a very busy actor but I know that a
lot of you have been following me since
I got my start on Fox News on the Greg
Gutfeld show he was also a guest on
gutfeld recently so you might know him
from that okay I don't want to give too
much away about the plot but getting
grace is the story of a teenage girl
grace who is facing the realities of
terminal cancer she has such a powerful
and positive impact on the people around
her any very quirky and hilarious
approach to making end-of-life decisions
I found there to be so many in
millennial speak LOL moments literally
laugh-out-loud moments but I will warn
you you will probably shed some tears as
well but it is such a profound film and
I think that it is an intrepid contrast
to a lot of the content that's out there
today it's family-friendly and you
cannot miss the undeniable Christian
themes throughout the movie faith
forgiveness Redemption and of course
grace and I think that you will find
aspects of each characters personalities
that you can relate to I think that's
part of the intent of it and a part of
the beauty of it it shows how real
humans react when they're faced with
such a difficult situation the loss of a
loved one and I don't know about you but
I get so tired of seeing TV and film
that gives such glossy impressions of
how people should be in times of
adversity getting grace shows a a
beautiful and refreshing realness and I
think that it is absolutely worth
time to watch it and you're in luck that
I am so cool and them now in with the
director producer writer actor daniel
roebuck because i happen to have a clip
for you so let's check it out i want to
believe because i believe not because
i'm afraid of dying teach me then skills
are to believe it's the dying that
really is easy i'm gonna do i'm you
don't choose to die
it just happens when it happens but
living right takes fighting and
commitment and honor and all those
things that are so hard for so many
humans not strong like you the film
opened in select theaters last weekend
but if you didn't get a chance to see it
i encourage you to go to the website for
the film and see where it is showing
near you the website is getting grace
the movie calm that's getting grace the
movie calm follow them on facebook
that's getting grace and on twitter at
getting underscore grace thanks so much
for watching everybody i'm amanda head
for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us over here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.fafsa.gov it and you will have
access to all of our latest videos and
of course your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching i'm amanda
head for the rebel
