what they done to your head they wasn't
bleeding here they beat you what did
they beat you with to make that scar if
it was bleeding yeah I was trying to see
we must explain wisdom on all of us and
when they were shooting the line they
chopped your boss in the leg then they
shot a friend of yours another farm
worker they shot him as well did you
think they would shoot you yeah he said
to me they were going to shoot myself
because they asked see who worked for a
long time here and other people which
was working here any fancy it's a long
time they asked see how could you say
you don't know the man it was work a
long time here we are counting five
times if you see he's the guy is the
longest with me he's the one you should
know everything he is the one who know
where we hide the money and all that
stuff and how do you see your
relationship on the farm do you see
yourselves as the same team do you see
yourself as part of this family on the
farm it was vengeance it see they think
that were doing working together you do
stuff what you're doing you're doing
together and in terms of your loyalty to
the farm and to your boss you would
always stay here working here as long as
he's here will you be here
and would you ever leave the farm and
leave him I think that is the only
reason this farm is taller running is
because of him if it was not for him
it's a long time you can ask him so a
lot of time I'm telling him MA I'm done
with this diagram I'm stopping this
theory the only reason this the area
Stoller running is because of him to see
more of my work and more real reporting
join me at Hopkins welcome
you
