the much-anticipated sequel to one of
the most surprising successes of 2013
Pacific Rim dropped this weekend the
monsters vs. robots action movie finally
dethrone Black Panther which held the
top grossing spot at the box office for
four straight weeks but is this sequel
about as enjoyable as eating leftovers
from a good meal you had five years ago
or is this movie actually better than
the movie that was made five years ago
and where do these movies make all their
money let's do it I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood
Universal Studios bought the rights of
Pacific Rim from Warner Brothers to make
their sequel Pacific Rim uprising for
about 150 million dollars it grossed 150
million dollars opening weekend
worldwide but only 18 percent only about
28 million dollars of that profit was
made in the United States or
domestically so the question is is this
normal for movies to make most of their
money outside the United States actually
yes very much so in fact avatar the
highest-grossing movie of all time
only took in about 27% of its profits
domestically Titanic was about 30
percent Harry Potter the Deathly Hallows
was only about 28%
and The Fast and the Furious 7 was 23
percent of its total profits from
domestic in fact the only movie in the
top 20 grossing of all time to take in
50 percent of its profit from the United
States is Black Panther which is odd
because America is supposed to be such a
racist country right because it's its
majority white and that's what the media
says constantly and yeah you get it
but the real question is is Pacific Rim
uprising better than the original not by
a longshot but let's get into it my view
review is a 3 out of 5 now as a movie
goer just trying to enjoy yourself we
all love beautiful special effects
quirky dialogues and fun situations but
this movie really doesn't land enough to
get the ball rolling more than that and
you're really about an hour and a half
in of seeing these characters everything
going on start feeling more of a math
feeling than an exciting feeling and for
one reason is because the original
source material takes itself a bit more
seriously and earns it's pg-13 rating
this movie feels more like Power Rangers
or Ninja Turtles but still somehow tries
to keep its pg-13 rating and doesn't
really feel like it makes me sense now
it feels like I'm coming down hard on
this movie for no reason but it's
because it's a sequel in the original
movie had some things that were truly
great in fact the first 10 minutes the
original Pacific Rim is better and more
engaging than this entire movie and if
you've seen it you know exactly what I'm
talking about but why is that let's get
into it my critic review is a 2 out of 5
now to really break down this film you
have to go back to the original and it
really is just an insane fantasy but
what captivated audience is that they
managed to ground this fantasy in some
real-world practical implications for
example nothing just happens to happen I
didn't just build these giant robots to
build them they're the monsters come
through they couldn't nuke them into
or the planets they've built these
things to fight them the reason you have
unlikely heroes and these pilots is that
you can't just throw military people
into these machines you need two people
to copilot deal with each other and have
a special connection to share the neural
load together right and left hemispheres
they made it much more interesting with
the different characters also it made
the battles more interesting because it
wasn't just a monster fighting an
inanimate object no you had two people
struggling together inside this machine
to save the world
Rena really is an impressively executed
film even though no it's not gonna be
critically acclaimed for ever and all
its kind of stuff it's and I'm not
saying it's a great film but it is a
really really fun movie and it deserves
praise especially for Gamila del Toro
the writer and director everything in it
was so well crafted all the machines
that mimic their pilots the Russians
versus the Australians in Eureka striker
and gipsy danger all the robots were
built to match the people their fighting
style was really fun to watch and all
the monsters were completely different
now in this movie the world is ending
and instead of these well-trained
unlikely heroes you have a handful of
random children that are thrown into
these machines and instead of the
machines mimicking the fighting style
and personality of the pilots the kids
just jump in any machine they want and
all of a sudden become these crazy
fighting machines and in the movie
particularly a fourteen-year-old girl
who all of a sudden is save him a scrap
heap and is there to save the world and
fight the final battle like what they
just completely broke kind of the rules
and the foundation that made this
fantasy that is unbelievable more
believable and enjoyable to watch when
they do stuff like that my faith in
values is a 3 out of 5 now I was happy
to see there was nothing overtly
politically correct in the movie in fact
if that had happened I would have really
really been upset and there are also
some good values they promote including
fighting for something bigger than
yourself being a part of a group being
part of a better idea and there's also a
strong theme of forgiveness and taking
responsibility one thing that I did
actually like the movie there's a theme
of Manning up being the man you're
supposed to be which something is
forgotten in almost every Hollywood
movie now but john boyega's character is
the lead in spite of him going through
the whole don't be the person your
parents expect you to be thing ends up
realizing that because of his own
failures and faults and lashing out he's
the one that made his mistakes and now
he must go back and write the wrong and
be the man he was supposed to be to help
use his talents to save the world so it
was a cool message that was inner woven
throughout it overall basically Pacific
Rim uprising is a DVD rainy day
kind of movie however if you have not
seen the original I highly suggest you
go check that one out it is way more fun
and it's a better movie just as a whole
I've been Davis this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
