a German girl Christian white girl if
you need more descriptors was bullied by
Muslims by Muslim girls how why well
here let me read some more the reasons
she has blonde hair
no headscarf has a German Hebrew name
and we are Christians my daughter broke
down nervously in fifth grade she had
cramps and massive fear of going to
school she was beaten and verbally
attacked on the way to school the
headmaster said only your daughter does
not have to say that she is German
besides you can give her a headscarf
we've changed schools now and luckily
things are going better now let me say
that again a Christian school a German
girl being insulted and bullied for
being German not just with words but
physically beaten for the Sharia crime
of being a Christian girl a blonde girl
with a German Hebrew name even though
she wasn't Jewish imagine what would
have happened to her has she been Jewish
instead of Christian so this was
horrific this it was so bad the girl had
physical panic attacks and cramps didn't
want to go to school to face the
beatings and the school's headmaster why
his advice has put on a head jab a view
like that sign up for my show every day
click on the screen to subscribe
you
