so what's your name and what are you
doing
chained to a fence my name is caleb
havens I'm a Los Angeles Catholic worker
and for the 46 days of Lent during 2018
I'm going with food and shelter to stand
in solidarity with the people
experiencing homelessness in Los Angeles
and to draw more attention from our city
leaders and voters to some demands that
Skid Row residents are making the city
planning right now a week from now I
unchain on Eastern and just to point out
your chain so that it's clear your chain
is around your waist here you've had
locked yourself in you're against that
big fence that no one can get down area
as this key and/or district 14
representative Jose Huizar why have they
got the keys well because there are
leaders and if we're gonna find a
solution to this crisis we need their
support for what we've collectively
decided are the really important things
to put into our neighborhood plan and
have they come to see you they've got
those keys have they come to visit you
Jose Huizar came to see me we talked for
about 20 minutes and I talked to the
staff for a while I'm still in touch
with his staff mayor Garcetti called me
a few days later and we talked for a few
minutes and I emailed him the demands
and then I've been in touch with his
staff for follow-up and their offices
we're talking about when they're gonna
be able to make it down and meet with
our coalition yeah and you took
appearing yes they keep talking and it's
one of the things I see quite a lot
especially in the articles about you in
people talking about the situation here
on Skid Row is the amount of talking
that Stan and meetings that are held but
nothing actually happened why does it
get to a point where you're down here
not eating for 34 out of 47 days is it
fully seven in total what why do you get
to that point that you decide to do this
because 831 people died last year who
didn't have to because this city can be
a really cold unloving place that's
number of people Angelenos who died on
the street last year because they didn't
have shelter and that's just a dramatic
number but people's lives are shortened
like cut in half if you live and you
have a lot of coverage out there in a
lot of support you know I've seen the
articles I've read them you know there's
people I knew about you I'm from the UK
you know I came to find you so you what
I'm trying to say is I mean I'm sure you
know but people are hearing what you're
doing and that's an incredibly powerful
thing for one guy to do that but you're
still chained to a fence so just four
people how are you how does it even work
like I want to ask how do you we so I'm
gonna offer you we straight up these
leaves Oh
notice the darkness of the green and the
glossiness and the fullness kind of now
look at its neighbor drooping there you
are maybe has appreciated my company
quite a bit your wing on the tree and
I've also been doing a little bit of
solid solids mixing with composting
agents nice in the rat holes down here
okay good
have you ever regretted sitting in this
chair being changed that wall not eating
there have been some dark moments some
real soul-searching but overall I'm
blessed beyond measure and really glad
that I did this because I think that
it's it helps bring the conversation to
places that hadn't been before
and this tree appreciated it if for no
other this tree is looking good I spent
a couple of days reporting on Skid Row
because I feel like it's time
journalists stop gazing at their navel
or the breasts of women who say they've
slept with the president and time they
got out there and reported on a story to
see more of my work and more real
reporting join me at Hopkins welcome
you
