Canada's Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna doesn't have a clue what her
carbon tax will or won't do but you know
what don't you dare criticize her for it
the Environment Minister is having a bit
of a rough week a joint audit conducted
by the federal Environment Commissioner
and auditors general from nine provinces
basically the whole country with the
exclusion of Quebec found that federal
and provincial carbon tax plans are a
whole lot of useless this is right from
the text of the report
Canada's auditors general found that
most governments in Canada are not on
track to meet their commitments to
reducing greenhouse gas emissions you
know what that doesn't bother me at all
but in particular with regard to
Catherine McKenna's plan to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions via her fancy
carbon tax the report found that the
federal government did not show that
existing regulations to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions would meet
their own 2020 target so the federal
government has just shifted its focus to
meeting a 2030 target meaning they're
going to give us a federal carbon tax
but they basically have no idea what
it's going to do or not do so they keep
moving their plan back it's an admission
that the carbon tax is a tax grab
nothing more and not designed to do
anything else now in fairness the
criticism directed to head Alberta
wasn't any nicer the report found that
Alberta's overall implementation plan
did not include an overall emissions
target or even a rationale for not
having an emission target or expected
results or clear roles and
responsibilities and mechanisms for
coordination or significant areas of
risk detailed or mechanisms to monitor
or even evaluate progress Alberta's
government is taxing us without any
measure by which to determine if the tax
is effective or not but boy oh boy do
they ever feel good about themselves so
I guess there's that McKenna will call
anyone who's skeptical of her plans to
tax us to change
the weather backward-thinking but at
least the auditors tried to run the
numbers which is more than McKenna can
say that she's ever done and how do I
know she hasn't tried to run the numbers
on the efficacy of her carbon tax well
conservative MP Rob so PUC had the
audacity to ask her and it did not go
well here I have a very specific
question regarding the $50 carbon tax
how much will Canada's in emissions and
I want a number here how much will
Canada's emissions be reduced under a
$50 a ton carbon tax well thank you very
much and I would like to say that a
large part of the emissions that went
down in Ontario is because of the coal
phase-out so a shout out to the
government of Ontario for taking action
improved health we believe in numbers so
we spent a lot of time modeling we also
works it closely with provinces and
territories and the good news is that
all the jurisdictions that have a price
on pollution the four provinces Alberta
BC Ontario Quebec are the
fastest-growing provinces in the country
so it's great to see put a price on what
you don't want quite clearly the
Minister is simply unable to provide a
number which is clearly ridiculous that
is some embarrassing stuff right there
if they kind of weren't trying to tax
Canadians into the Poros I'd almost
almost have pity for how poorly she
performed right there
McKenna's answer involved an adolescent
shout-out to Ontario which was like a
yes Queen
you go girl directed at Ontario's
failure of a Premier Kathleen Wynne it
was weird it was meandering and answered
nothing McKenna said something about
believing in numbers like numbers or
elves or the Tooth Fairy or magic
crystals that he'll cancels cancers you
don't believe in numbers you count them
numbers are measurable and tangible
amounts but for someone who so believes
deeply in numbers McKenna actually
didn't have a single one that she could
throw out there she needs to believe in
those numbers is so a little bit harder
and you know what I appreciate numbers a
little bit myself
so does United conservative party leader
Jason Kenney he was able to
for some actual numbers about the effect
of a carbon tax here in Alberta here's
what he said in August on BNN I find it
interesting that multinational companies
like British Petroleum totale and others
endorsed the NDP carbon tax two years
ago but they've all pulled out of
Alberta since then with about thirty
four billion in foreign capital fleeing
Alberta's oil and gas sector and where
have they redeployed that capital to
jurisdictions that do not have carbon
taxes I think that's not a coincidence
you know what someone else has some
numbers too according to Conservative MP
Pierre Paul EF Katherine McKenna's new
carbon tax is going to add 11 cents to
every single leader of gasoline consumed
in this country and those are numbers
Catherine McKenna can believe in for the
rebel dot media I'm Sheila Gunray fake
news is everywhere but the good news is
so are we because we have a brand new
rebel media app you can get it on the
Google Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
