just fire take the opportunity to
respond to some of the articles that are
out there
I've seen the Guardian seen the Metro
seen a standard I've seen it independent
all of them run in articles of how Tommy
Robinson should apologize to the victims
of the Huddersfield grooming game that's
right I should apologize to the Hat
victims so what I do I apologize to
every one of them I apologize to them
for the fact the Britain allowed this to
happen I apologize to them the fact that
the police done nothing even when they
were beaten battered and bruised after
being raped in the Moors and feels the
police still didn't press charges I
apologized for the fact that the goes
mum's phoned and begged and cried
himself to sleep nightly asking and
begging for the people in positions of
power in in our country we have a system
where when there's vulnerability shion's
of the Council of Social Services of the
police are supposed to be there to
protect them so yes I apologize that our
country how hardly let you down if you
notice now the point I was making with
these trials if there wasn't a reporting
restriction for the last 12 months
bearing in mind they've lifted it
they weren't gonna lift it they weren't
willingly lifting it they lifted it
after a a and a challenge by the media a
challenge that the media decided not to
do 12 months ago okay they were quite
happy not reporting on any of these
crimes until the end what you've seen
now is when the verdicts have come out
when they were allowed to report one
day's news one day's news
okay and now all of them have already
they've already had enough of reporting
wagons these girls
now it's bash Tommy Robinson with this
story talk about they talk about me
trying to politicize and and use gain of
these trials look at them one day
they've get one evening of news and then
it's Tommy Robinson could have collapsed
this trial now just for all of those
reporters for Piers Morgan but all of
those are like her awrah who are
messaging this to say look he risked the
trial
the core transcripts of the judge and
the CPS both states nothing Tommy
Robertson sate could of course prejudice
to the trial that means for all you it's
out there that I didn't and couldn't
have prejudiced the trial because all I
said was what was already in the public
domain I made sure of that I didn't
assume guilt I made sure of that
I make sure that everything I went on a
training course upon the Landers top law
firms for contempt of court I'm a
tourist stuck by those guidelines now am
i sorry more people after me being
imprisoned
yes crap more people than ever
across this world are watching and
reading and listening about Muslim rape
squads that have been targeting our
doors more people than ever and and I'm
sweating in this room but so I just
thought I'd clear up in it and it's so
obvious to look is some obvious just
look just search now Tommy Robertson
Hubbs field you'll find all the hit
pieces all of them coming out together
all the journalists everyone with the
blue tick everyone with a blue tick
basically coming out together saying oh
look he could have destroyed it no and
all of these people Lizzy did one of the
people who runs a story she runs a story
about me
saying how I could have jeopardized this
trial in the court transcripts for my
trial which I've got which I'll be
producing as evidence on Tuesday in the
court transcripts Lizzy didn't the same
journalist right in the hip he's on me
now is named as breaching to reporting
restrictions for the same case the same
weekend the only difference is Lizzy
didn't is very politically correct won't
mentioned that at all the cause of this
or the reason and why these men have
these misogynistic and sexist views
nothing of course to do with their
religious beliefs nothing at all
Lizzy didn't won't mention any of this
so Lizzy did and gets away with it she
doesn't get hauled behind it before the
court or put in prison because I'll tell
you what it because Lizzy didn't
unfortunately few Lizzy only a maximum
of about 30,000 people read your news
the independent
I think your maximum reads 50,000 so of
course the government don't give a shit
about you when you report all of their
little toxic thing the difference is
when I do a live stream like this it
will end up going to hundreds of
thousands if not eventually millions of
people which is why they want to shut me
down what you talk about you you play
the main stream line you play the line
that they level this could be anyone in
this there's no problem here it's got
nothing to do with Islam it's nothing to
do with them whereas Denali is very
different British public a waking up to
that thanks to our own Platinum's how
long we have these black people I don't
know I just want to clear up all of
these articles I'm reading I'm seeing
MPs MPs now coming out check this MPs
are now coming out saying how I must
apologize in this Huddersfield grooming
place it turns out that one of the
victims wrote to the Prime Minister
one of the victims mum's baking for help
one of the other victims went to her MP
so her MP knew her MP knew about these
rapes and gangs before any of them a
prostitute what did he do any of you
remember seeing him screaming on TV or
any of you look remember seen any of
these PT talk back any of these people
or did the were they all happy to let
these young girls be sacrificed at there
at the hand of multiculturalism and the
altar of diversity in our country anyway
you
