you know what trumped arrangements
syndrome is right similar to what Harper
derangement syndrome was it's an extreme
irrational emotional obsessive fanatic
hatred of Donald Trump or in the past of
Stephen Harper well there's a full-scale
outbreak of rebel derangement syndrome
going on in Canada right now it's
infected Justin Trudeau's office and it
is seeping out through the CBC into the
rest of the media I'll give you some
really startling examples from just the
past few days I acknowledge there are
also people on the right who get pretty
revved up about political opponents on
the left to Bill Clinton got that
reaction from many conservatives and so
did Obama and Hillary Clinton and Justin
Trudeau but I think it's different in
two main ways first of all Trump
derangement syndrome and Harper
derangement syndrome they are generated
by the media usually magnified by the
media usually I mean look at the insane
amount of propaganda style coverage of
the Russia collusion story that in the
end amounted to nothing or in Canada the
so-called robocalls scandal about
Stephen Harper that Elections Canada
itself said amounted to nothing so the
media creates the left-wing political
madness it doesn't do that for the right
and the second difference is
conservatives since we're used to being
surrounded by and subjected to left-wing
this I think we've just learned to live
with the fact that not everyone shares
our views and we're sometimes the
minority often I mean turn on a
late-night TV talk show or go to a
Hollywood movie or listen to a rock star
pontificating listen to 99% of
University Professors its left-wing so
if you're right when you're used to
tolerating left wingers at least in a
live and let live kind of way or how she
couldn't survive in our modern world
whereas there are plenty of leftists who
simply don't encounter right-wingers in
the normal course of their lives and
when they finally do they're shocked and
they react sometimes viciously because
you can grow up go to school get a job
in the media let's say and never meet
how the other half lives do you see my
point so even if you're a liberal in a
liberal city it with a liberal job with
liberal friends and you hear a
conservative you shriek like you just
saw a tarantula or something it's
precisely because the left isn't used to
living with the other side of the react
so chocolate last point on this I might
put
to that a right-wing gun owning Trump
voting blue-collar worker say in rural
Pennsylvania probably knows a lot more
about liberals and liberal arguments in
liberal culture just through the media
just through the establishment then a
left-wing latte sipping Hillary voting
new media specialist in Brooklyn would
know about conservative or Christian or
rural cultured you see my point
all right enough preamble back to the
rebel derangement syndrome back to the
news folks it is real and it's spreading
I mean I showed you a few months back
how the hill Times newspaper survey of
Parliament Hill insiders said we were
the number one media outlet they'd like
to silence seriously how weird is that
that if a fellow journalist would even
ask the question which journalist would
you like to silence so weird
as if silencing journalists is a normal
conversation to have in Canada
especially with lawmakers and so weird
that we were chosen yet again even
though we are tiny we are I drop in the
ocean compared to the CBC CTV global all
the newspapers and magazines I think
they're obsessed with us that's the
derangement syndrome I'll explain why I
think later but I want to document the
outbreak first so there was that and
then I saw this it's the announcement of
the National Newspaper awards for this
year which is sort of a sad and
sentimental thing it's like the National
horse-and-buggy Awards would have felt
in the 1920s after Henry Ford came along
or maybe the best phone booth convention
a decade or two after smart phones
pretty much eliminated people using pay
phones so it's really just insiders in a
dying industry trying to keep positive
by giving each other's awards employee
of the week the Titanic that kind of
thing I mean it's sad but but look at
this look at this look at what was
nominated nominated for the best long
form journalism in the air in the whole
country is that really weird really
boring attacked that the National Post
published about me and the rebel last
August I don't know if you saw it it
literally was the front page of the
National Post I think it was six full
pages and and if you look at it online
they make me look positively demonic in
red just for emphasis on the devil let
me be the tagline from a news story how
is relevant built an extreme
Meteor drug or not became a major player
in the far-right movement and watched it
all begin to unravel what far-right
movement is the Conservative Party of
Canada far-right
that's been my ideological home for my
whole life that and the reform party
that went into it or maybe their talk
about that fart who i sort of have an
affection for he looks set to be
Ontario's next premiers he far-right and
watched it all unravel look we have our
bumps in the road from time to time like
any company does but we're still raveled
not sure if we've unraveled yet but it's
a bit weird really reading about our
demise in the national newspaper in a
supposed newspaper which is owned by
post media which shortly after that
piece was written they announced they
were shutting down twenty four their
community newspapers they just acquired
from the Toronto Star and they have laid
off so many people the National Post
it's mainly just wire copy now plus some
anti Trump arrangement from Andrew coins
so it was I thought it was unreadable
that's six page thing it was so so long
and their main attack on me was that I'm
critical of radical Islam yeah guilty as
charged and when I worked at the
National Post for two years on their
editorial board that's what I said there
- I haven't changed they changed but
they hate me for some reason so they
just went nuts about it now their own
readers thought it was an awful smear
using left-wing words like far-right to
attack us it wasn't the normal National
Post every single letter to the editor
in response said it was awful and the
post gave me a lengthy rebuttal but my
point is he was weird and it was so
insider e and so obsessive is that
really the best long form journalism in
all of Canada in the whole year well I
bet you right now it's going to win the
national newspaper award I bet you that
right now because like I say the
National Post readers hated it and or
even a little bit confused by it because
I have written hundreds of articles for
the National Post and suddenly they're
my enemy attacking me in the main
because I'm against radical Islam but
these awards remember they're
journalists complementing each other
it's inside baseball it's not about the
readers at all so this was an attack on
the one media
outlet they hate the rebel the one media
outlet that is still independent that
hasn't lined up for a government bailout
from Trudeau like post media did that
isn't part of the soft mushy produ to
the left so that article is gonna win
the national newspaper world say right
now awful journalism but rebel
derangement syndrome is going to make it
win the award mark my words
alright next out brace of our D ask
rebel derangement syndrome when they
Nestle Peter Mansbridge his ex-wife who
still has a show on the CBC you know she
puts out a whole 22 minutes of
television each week with a staff of
eight producers can you believe that I
bet she gets paid of quarter million
bucks a year of your tax dollars for
that too anyways she managed to get an
interview with Jordan Peterson the great
professor U of T our old friend who is
leading a worldwide movement right now
against political correctness and
against Marxist BS oh and any has the
best-selling book in the whole world
right now in English number one in
Amazon dot CA in in the United States
number one number one in the UK iced
everyone so she has ten minutes with
this guy she can ask him anything he is
a world super storm water phenomenon she
can compliment him she can criticize him
she could ask him about the book she
could but what's her first question it's
about us
the rebel why does he hang out with us
I'm serious take a look speaking out
against the the federal bill c16 of
gender pronouns and so on the federal
government cut your funding for research
rebel media came in and did a
crowdfunding project for you raised
about $200,000 after Charlottesville and
the riots of protests there many people
cut ties with rebel media including the
conservative leader Andrew Shearer
saying that it could be seen as giving
hate groups a platform you still go on
there so I'm wondering why do you go on
rebel media after after Charlottesville
arrangements syndrome much I mean you've
got the world's most interesting man you
can ask him anything battle of the sexes
political correctness
religion he is the man of the moment and
you think your own insiders grudge about
the rebel is what your viewers want to
hear well yeah sure when you're at the
CBC you're really only playing to one
viewer aren't you Justin Trudeau because
he pays you so you're trying to please
just that one viewer so so you can keep
you 22 minute a week job for a quarter
million bucks a year
you got a please Justin Trudeau next
example of our D s another government
subsidized media a decrepit old magazine
called MacLaine's used to be Canada's
grand news weekly used to be something
but then it went less frequent it was
weekly than it went about every two
weeks now it's pretty much gutted well
they still get 1.5 million dollars a
year from Justin Trudeau though so they
know which side their bread is buttered
on and Paul wells Trudeau's facebook
friend that's him on the bottom right
there and Trudeau with that tongue movie
does that a lot
I'd say Paul wells spreads rebel
derangement syndrome around a lot he's
infected with him it was he had an
interview with Andrew Shearer of the
Conservative leader and what is the
question he says everyone asked him to
ask Andrew Shearer and it's weird he
really emphasizes it's not him who's
interested in this no no no no no no no
he's not obsessed by the rebel it's his
many many readers everyone's asking him
the question is why are you Andrew
Shearer involved with some people
including a guy named Hamish Marshall
who 99 percent of people never heard of
Hamish Marshall used to work for the
rebel and now he's involved with you
Andrew Shearer and everyone's asking me
about that I'm serious you've got the
leader the opposition the man who
opinion polls these days say would be
Prime Minister if the election were held
today and that's what you're gonna ask
him about well when you got rebel
derangement syndrome you bet take a look
the number one question that came from
an awful lot of people when we invited
them to say what would you ask Anders
here was why is he working with people
who were associated with rebel militia
and Ezra Levin your campaign director
Hamish Marshall was a director of the
corporation until he became your
campaign
Stephen Taylor is working on social
media with you was also associated with
rebel media to what point are you taking
on the baggage of rebel media when you
work with folks like that really Paul is
that the number one thing people for you
liar that is weird he's obsessed now
I'll show you Andrew sheers embarrassing
answer embarrassing for him not for me
in a moment but I'm just pointing out
the rebel derangement syndrome is
spreading here's another example it's a
small example there's a Toronto web site
called Canada land its left-wing of
course it's even redundant to point that
out they're politically correct they
hate Jordan Peterson - of course anyways
they style themselves as media critics
watching the Watchers but they are
obsessed by us here at the rebel not
obsessed with The Globe and Mail or
Toronto Star the CBC my tiny little us
so anyways Layla's Facebook is in
trouble these days and one of the things
Facebook wants to do is fight fake news
no one on the right is asking them to do
that we just want them to stop violating
our privacy but the left wants them to
censor fake news by which they mean
anything Pro conservatives and so it is
Facebook contacted Canada LAN to tell
them about some new ways they're going
to censor the news and the very first
question in Canada agonal and has is
well he said to the rebel please please
please hear let me quote from canon lens
Facebook will soon be prioritizing
stories in Canadians news feeds that
they classify is coming from trustworthy
local news publishers without specifying
which news publishers this will include
when specifically asked whether stories
published by rebel media might be
included or alternatively from the
independent Hamilton news site the
public record the PR person declined to
say unquote that's the most important
thing for capital and to know come on
God are you guys gonna are you gonna
censor Arkansas
well that's like that a old time so
right it is creepy for me to see the
lust in the eyes of journalists when
talking about silencing us not talking
about debating us or abutting us or
ignoring us but silencing us it is gross
don't you think but of course that's how
it goes in Canada where Trudeau either
pays the salaries of the media like the
CBC or pays
huge grants like MacLaine's or here's
the begging lobbyists looking for
bailouts like post media or threatens
Facebook to censor his political enemies
and in case the Canadian journalist is
wondering what Prince Justin wants what
should I say today to please the Prince
well his principal secretary Gerald Butz
says it treat the rebel like Nazis
seriously he loves using that word Nazi
I'm Jewish by the way calling a Jew a
Nazi it's probably like calling a black
man the n-word or something I don't know
i guessing it's pretty gross
then Trudeau and butts are pretty gross
people here he is calling us Nazis from
laughing remember Trudeau's people kind
comments a month or so ago so we were
laughing at him oh it can't have that
got to call you Nazis
all right Nazi friends and here he is
again just yesterday calling us all
right yeah we're not all right we're not
Nazis that's an insult but it's easier
to insult us than talking about all I
don't know the India Fiasco or his
budget fiasco or his trade war with
Trump Fiasco the NAFTA fiasco the
looming fiasco and Molly his corruption
Fiasco with the icon it's easier to call
names and deal with those things and
again this morning weird weird attack on
the rebel he says his critics online are
all rebels or something I blasted a few
of them no they're not rebels
it's just his weird obsession with us
rebel derangement syndrome we're so
small we get no government funding no
corporate funding we're not on real TV
but he can't stop obsessing over us and
attacking us and directing his army the
Wendy mez Lee's and the Paul wells and
the Richard Warnock is that's the guy
wrote the National Post story telling
them what to do and think and they
follow it they do it it's gross it's
weird it shows a brittleness of Canada's
media culture it shows the ultra thin
skin of people who disagree with us
especially in Trudeau's team they cannot
handle criticism can they it shows that
free speech no longer animates our media
in Canada they're the ones paying for
our censorship but I think the worst of
all of it actually was and Russia
reply to Paul wells vanity question I
mean Gerald buds has one job get Trudeau
reelected so he wants to silence us
because we're critics I get it
our rivals in the media have one job get
bailouts for from Trudeau keep the CBC
money flowing whatever so it's not that
strange it's just a bit disappointing to
see other journalists attack us for
sport is but but here let me show you
Andrew shears weird reply to Paul wells
weird question questions let me play
Paul wells question first and you'll see
he had a second question - yeah it
didn't just have one question above the
rebel yeah - I want you to see the
questions and then the answers because I
think the question is really lame really
pitiful asking about a business director
of the rebel who went on to be an
executive in the parties so obscure no
one cares it's a rebel derangement
syndrome recession and then he asked a
second question about it watch the whole
thing it's it's a but a two minute clip
watch the whole thing the number one
question that came from an awful lot of
people when we invited them to say what
would you ask Andrew Shearer was why is
he working with people who were
associated with rebel media and as
relevant your campaign director Hamish
Marshall was a director of the
corporation until he became your
campaign director Steven Taylor is
working on social media with you was
also associated with rebel media so what
point are you taking on the baggage of
rebel media when you work with folks
like that I think a lot of people like
to try to conflate that to the - I can
tell you it's totally not the case
there's a fine line between a group or
an entity's saying something
controversial and then crossing that
line - what happened in Charlottesville
giving a platform to very nefarious and
offensive and hateful language so that's
when I made the decision to disassociate
- to not go on revel in the future you
know other people have had done work in
the past have moved on as well people
have worked for other organizations that
have said distasteful things you know I
don't necessarily describe or subscribe
to those types of things you know there
are other people who have left who have
worked now work in other media as
so I I know that there's a lot of people
in the in the Liberal Party and others
that would like to make that link but I
think it's pretty clear that there is no
it's not the case all and so that's I
can put that to rest right now a lot of
your own supporters people who work hard
for the party who donate every time
their ass think that what Ezra Levin
says and does is great do you need them
that rebel friendly market to succeed as
a leader of a Conservative Party in
Canada you know IIIi need to get my
message out and I'm doing that on in my
own way I'm seeing here talking to you
I'm traveling across the country I'll
leave it to other people to decide you
know what they what they want to read or
look at and and I've just made the
decision for myself that based on what I
saw happen this past summer that I
wouldn't be engaging with that
organization and so going forward I'm
gonna continue to do what I have been
doing which is taking my positive vision
about how a Conservative government can
increase the quality of life for all
canes and take that to as many people as
I can tell it's no surprise that the
Maclean's magazine is is falling apart I
mean no one in the country cares about
that crap
other than insiders who despise the
rebel radical derangement syndrome but
let me shorten Andrew sheers answer to
hey Paul I have nothing to do with the
rebel so please stop beating me up about
it I will not go back on the rebel show
so I agree with you so please stop
asking me mean questions and by the way
some of the rebels journalists have
apparently gone on to work for other
Canadian media he says so it's
hypocritical for you Chernus to just
blame me or something that's really what
he's doing low voice submissive
low-energy conceding all of Paul wells
point so of course you're right
basically lying on the ground like it's
not held while a left-wing government
subsidized journalists reads him Gerald
Butz talking points while pretending
that's the number one question that
Canadians are asking about now I think
Andrews here is a bit of a coward it was
you know who was learned by him over ten
years
as Speaker the house he never really had
any political fights he was always a
deal maker or a neutral referee a friend
to also actually never had to fight for
anything politically never an uphill
battle he's not even used to it he's
is win for the Tory leadership was
bloodless he only got 21 percent of the
vote on the first ballot and it had to
go through 13 rounds of voting before he
squeaked out a 51% win so he doesn't
know how to fight hard and when to fight
and when to concede he always concedes
and the media party has rebel
derangement syndrome and Andrew shira's
decided the easiest thing to do is just
go along with the mob because if not
they'll beat him up too the way they try
and beat us up I've got two things to
say about that first of all they're
gonna beat you up anyways Andrew
you cannot ingratiate yourself with the
liberal media they hate you they'll just
take whatever concessions you make and
then they'll throw that back at you
forever though they'll quote you forever
now when you apologize or confess or
throw fellow conservatives under the bus
they will take those concessions and now
back to your new frontline and they'll
keep attacking you from there and Russia
doesn't just do that to us by the way
does that on principled issues for
example he did that on global warming he
forced his entire caucus to vote for the
UN Paris global warming deal for example
aid do you think they love you now
Andrew so the first point is you cannot
actually win over the liberal media by
violating your own conservative
principles or by betraying fellow
conservatives it won't work it
encourages your enemies it demoralizes
your friends ask Stephen Harper how it
worked not privatizing the CBC and
rather euthanizing Sun News didn't help
him in the last election did it but the
second point is everyone's sick of it
it's part of the political correctness
people are rebelling against it's one of
the reasons Jordan Peterson is so
popular people are sick of the scolds
look in the media this sick of winning
Nestle and Paul wells and Richard
Warnock and Canada land if they've even
heard that they're sick of the snobby
insider club' snooty self-righteous
scolding media who say you can't talk to
him you can't use that word you can't
think that way if you think politicians
are hated when media are hated much more
and instead of bowing down to that loser
Paul wells
imagine if Andrews here had interrupted
Paul when he was revving up and said
Paul I simply don't believe that's your
viewers most important question I
I think that's just media rivalry
between you and the rebel ask me
something about the Canadian government
you could have said that um or how about
Paul I believe in all the points of view
in the media from the left to the right
I'll even give an interview to the
Liberals CBC even though they defended
en masse to the end because in a
democracy we talk to everyone even if we
don't agree with every word they say or
everything they do I don't know I'm just
brainstorming here these aren't even
particularly clever responses they're
just I think what a normal non terrified
politician might say if a journalist
asked them hey how come you're talking
to my competitors who I hate and Justin
Trudeau hates how about Paul I think we
need to rededicate ourselves to free
speech and to talk with each other more
not to try and silence or censor each
other you as a journalist should welcome
free speech and not try and blacklist
dissident voices one day you might be a
dissing force I know those are all
polite answers another might just be
that's a weird question and there's
nothing to do with my party or if he was
feisty err to throw back at him some of
the bizarre coups were published in
MacLaine's yet he's talking to
MacLaine's like the kook Scott Gilmore
Catherine McKenna's househusband or that
kook Tabitha Southie I guess I'm just
going through a list of possible answers
that a self-respecting conservative
politician would say when a left-wing
journalist lectures him about who he can
or he can't talk to don't you see that's
like a softball just lining up for a
home run to basically say buzz off and
stop telling me what to do and fit say
and think and every Canadian would have
cheered okay what do you think Trump
would have said don't probably would
have given pause and if I was a nickname
and said oh by the way that's fake news
question which is true why is it so
important why am I talking about it not
just because these people are critics of
the rebel and me look I got a zillion
critics it's that it's a sign of how
sick our Canadian media culture is when
the entire industry is obsessed with
silencing the one dissident independent
voice left it's so odd you'd think we
were as big and as influential as the
CBC with all their obsession about it's
the rebel of derangement and because if
we're ever going to win something
politically in Canada
our conservative leaders have to stop
being a part of the scolding censorship
culture they need a bit more Doug
forward and a bit more Donald Trump in
them I'm not embarrassed by what Andrew
Shearer says about me I'm embarrassed
for Andrew Shearer about what it really
says about him if you lack the courage
to stand up to a second-rate journalist
at a dying magazine that no one reads
you'll surely lack the courage to fight
against bigger challenges for your
principles when it really counts that's
why this is a story a view like that
sign up for my show every day click on
the screen to subscribe
you
