hey folks check out this Hamilton
Spectator photo of an tyfa types in the
hammer last sunday as you can see
they're brandishing posters that depict
a fist smashing a nazi swastika that's
good but look at the emblem they're
collectively embracing yes the communist
hammer and sickle now riddle me this if
you're part of a group that demonstrates
against fascism then why would you
literally close yourself in the one
symbol that represents the most odious
fascism in world history
our little tale of terror takes off in
early March when a crowd of about 30
cowardly thugs called the uncover noble
cause more than $100,000 of damage on
lock street in Hamilton they thrashed
and trashed small mom paw businesses
they vandalized cars why good question
presumably these people are anti
capitalism and they're allegedly against
the gentrification of the area so what
better way to make a profound political
point than by destroying a cafe run by
hard-working entrepreneurs just trying
to make ends meet and another question
who are the uncover Nobles will likely
never know because as they went about
smashing in storefronts and slashing
tires they were all dressed in black and
had their faces covered with burqa like
masks in the aftermath the good people
of Hamilton went on to stage rallies in
support of those independent businesses
that were trashed on Lok Street noting
the neighborhood wouldn't be intimidated
by hooligans but things took a perverse
turn on Sunday when a patriot rally for
Lok Street was convened this rally was
met by a counter protest by an aunt Eva
like organization called Hamiltonians
against fascism and goli how odd that
the Hamiltonians against fascism members
wore black clothing and of course masks
G almost identical to the sort of
haberdashery worn by the uncover Nura
Bowles you know those thugs who created
all the damage in the first place gee
what a coincidence of course there's no
way to prove that the anti-capitalist
people who caused the carnage on Lok
Street are part of the anti-capitalist
people who were supposedly protecting
Lok Street that's because as previously
noted the bad bad guys and the good bad
guys were all wearing masks so we'll
never know for sure
shame about that but in taking inventory
of the Sunday protest again I pose my
original query if one is supposedly part
of an anti-fascist group
what's with the dawning of the symbol
that the likes of Stalin and Mao
brandished as they slaughtered tens of
millions of their own citizens sorry
that just doesn't compute indeed when
you think about it though Sunday counter
protesters well they weren't really an
taifa they're just merely Fah as in
fascist classic I mean come on guys how
about some truth in advertising next
time and although we know how violent
Anti Fog can be they do tend to behave
when the cops are around and since there
was a large police presence in Hamilton
on Sunday instead of getting violent
they instead resorted to chanting police
and Klan go hand in hand Klan as in Ku
Klux Klan gee you know I wonder what the
black police officers on duty thought
about that slur oh and in terms of
taking inventory of some of the
ringleaders it might be interested to
know that perhaps some of them are being
paid by you check out this rocket
scientist spokesman who were a to kim
blazoned with the logo of the Canadian
union of public employees heard about
the Patriot merch we thought it was a
real shame that they were trying to take
advantage of the goodwill of the
community in order to spread their vile
message and so we decided that
there were also people brandishing the
flag of OPSEU the interior public sector
employees union yes folks your tax
dollars hard at work
yet again in the meantime police say
they're still looking for that group of
about 30 vandals who laid waste to Locke
Street in early March
now look I'm no Sherlock Holmes but I
would suggest that the anti fights who
caused that six figures worth of
vandalism we're part and parcel of the
anti-fatigue
staging the so-called anti-fascism March
last Sunday in that regard it was kind
of kendo a group of arsonists burning
down a building only to show up later in
front of the smoldering ruins
brandishing signs stating have say no to
arson can it possibly get any more
perverse than that
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks you might
have heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
