ladies and gentlemen it's my pleasure to
introduce the Freedom Center is very
controversial very politically incorrect
very nice guests yes so the deal with
the book is if you buy it you're not
allowed to read it essentially I you
know as a mother there's not much quiet
time in your life and so I used to come
down in the morning about 4:00 a.m. and
right in the quiet in the dark for two
hours at a time to write this thing so I
essentially talked to myself for a
couple hours a day and it was really
therapeutic and I kind of forgot that I
was writing the book that someone else
might one day read so it's a massive
overshare incredibly inappropriate and
far too rude for anyone to ever read I
showed it to an American publisher and
she went this is too rude for America
and I went yes it is it's too rude for
my own mother so please don't read it
please just you know use it as a
doorstop anything like that but yes I do
start the book by saying I'm not a
complete twat and the reason for that is
most people in the UK seem to think I am
but in reality my name is Katie Hopkins
I otherwise known I suppose as the
female Faraj the British Ann Coulter or
the biggest bitch in Britain on a point
of detail unlike Faraj I still have my
own teeth all of them and some of them
are even white I know and I'm like and I
can talk about something other than a
wall and and as for being the biggest
bitch in Britain I'm only about a
hundred and thirty pounds I think so I'm
not really that big I did put on 50
pounds one in three months to prove that
fat people are lazy and then lost it
again so half my own body weight but
we'll talk about that another time like
I said I'm known for being a little
offensive
I guess it's my hugest pleasure to be
here
with you today in this very lovely hotel
and it stands in rather direct contrast
to my last three days living and
reporting on Skid Row downtown Tucker
Carlson as many of you will have seen
did his best kind of disgusted face on
Fox last night
well he did tell some brilliant faces
Tucker doesn't he but he did his really
best disgusted face last night when I
ran my report it was a good night that
we had mark on we had Jordan Peterson
right it was a good little crowd of us a
good lot of truth tellers I think from
across the globe but you know I went to
live and report from Skid Row for a bit
because so often in life we don't want
to really look at things that are ugly
my husband says that when he sees me in
the morning closest sight and when I was
last here in LA I drove past Skid Row
you know like everyone does and someone
pointed and went oh well that's good ro
that's where all the homeless people
live row after row of people in tents
washed up you know on the pavement like
plastic on the shoreline or something
and I think maybe we imagine if we don't
look at something maybe the problem will
go away like my sister doesn't watch the
news anymore because she just doesn't
want to know about all the bad things
that are going on and I totally
understand that there's an element of
self-protection in there which I get
I took a map from a hotel nearby Skid
Row and they had and we were only two
blocks off Skid Row at that hotel they'd
stuck a sticker over Skid Row on their
map was kitten skipper sticker with some
sort of instructions on so as to make it
disappear to pretend it wasn't there to
hide it away from their guests as if
that would make it all okay you know and
I went there because it's not okay
it's a lot worse than I expected and
I've spent time in migrant camps in
Calais I've been to some fairly
disgusting places you know there's a
quote I wanted to share with you it's
from a history book in the poorer parts
of the city hygiene was impossible to
maintain in the overcrowded tenements
and Garrett's there was no sanitation
and open drains flowed
the center of the winding streets the
cobbles were slippery with animal dung
rubbish and the slops thrown out of the
houses muddy and buzzing with flies in
summer and awash with sewage in winter
the stench was overwhelming and people
walked around with handkerchiefs against
their nostrils that was written about
London in the 1500s in the slums and I
can tell you the walking around Skid Row
all of those words apply this
description fits perfectly downtown LA
right now today in 2018 a place full of
human filth slops and rats the rats are
everywhere the sidewalks are slippery
underfoot the rats team about your
ankles it's exactly the same as it was
in London in the 1600s just before the
outbreak of the bubonic plague and I
think it's a human health time bomb
waiting to go off
these people are beyond help and it is
out of respect for them and for that
that the city needs to take complete
control tears and sympathy won't cut it
endless missions won't cut it
the military need to be moved in these
residents need to be physically assisted
in to supported housing of some
description and four million gallons of
Clorox wouldn't go missed either you
know we may look away now
but those tents aren't fixed in place
and nor of those rats and my take on it
is that as the numbers grow so do the
tents and so do the rats and so do the
fleas on the rats and very soon one day
they will be outside the door of a
Democrat politician and maybe at that
point they will decide action actually
is needed but they are coming to us and
they are coming to our front door
however washed and freshened up now I'm
back in action feeling better about
myself and ready to face another day
it feels really good to be here in
America in the land of the free and
that's not a phrase I use very much to
describe my own country so desperate to
please the Saudis and to submit to Islam
the recent exclusion of a law-abiding
American citizen
Britany Pettibone a right-wing activist
and her boyfriend actually Martin's
fellow you may have heard their story
he's an Austrian on the grounds of
future hate speech as yet unsaid I
really broke a new loan for Britain they
haven't even said anything at all yet
and they have a clean criminal record
these are not criminal people they were
detained for two days at the border of
the UK and then deported because the
speech they wanted to give at speakers
corner in Hyde Park might upset local
communities local communities that you
loved hat at a euphemism where I come
from for Muslims like Asians that's a
euphemism the BBC use as well for our
Muslim population if a hundred men are
found guilty of raping our children in
mass grooming gangs the BBC uses the
term Asian so it throws a few Sikhs half
of India and a bit of Taiwan under the
bus as well so that the Pakistani men
raping our children don't get hurt
feelings that's the country I live in
the Pakistani men sent down this week
for abusing girls as young as 13 in
Oxford City they were called Oxford men
by the BBC press these Oxford men I have
their names here
premiere a br Halas tan Hassan Kamran
had Raheem Hamid alla heeta your sofa
yeah
Oxford Oxford men those yeah really and
if you can't be honest about that
problem you can't fix that problem
either
it's like Skid Row it's like our
Pakistani grooming gangs if you can't be
honest about the problem there's no way
you're going to start fixing it
Lauren southern there's another
right-wing activist she's never done
anything dreadfully wrong she doesn't
have a criminal record she was held at
Calais our border with France because
she once used her platform in the UK to
pose a question controversially I
respect that is ala gay now I'm below
defined oh I guess if we have touched
unfortunate in some ways because Muslims
are not huge fans of homosexual so that
would be a little awkward and Isis is
rather prone to shoving gay men off tall
buildings so that'd be quite a story
wouldn't it if Isis shoved a l'heure off
the top of a tall building but I digress
she was deported essentially for
breaking blasphemy laws in the UK that
don't exist de-facto Sharia in the UK so
what's next
if I commit adultery again in the UK
will I be stoned by angry Muslim
policemen given my sexual history it's
not looking good to be honest they're
getting back to rude but that Lauren
southern a Canadian journalist was
hauled off a bus at the border with
Calais and deported a young journalist
on her own deported from the UK the same
ferry port where I've watched truckloads
upon truckloads of illegal immigrants
knowingly waived through without a
single question being asked a jihadi who
put a bomb on our subway came to the UK
via the port of Calais the same port he
told officers he's been training with
Isis for three months learning how to
kill non-believers and we gave him a
home a foster family and an income and
in return he made a nail bomb and chose
to plant in a carriage full of
schoolchildren on the subway in London
the Parsons green bomber you'll have
heard of it strikes me you know that
freedom is rather like sights or hearing
or being EE continent sorry when you're
eating it's kind of fundamental to life
but these are skills you don't really
appreciate until you start to lose them
like I can't read without my glasses and
the time I waste
looking on my glasses drives me and my
family and my children to destruction a
freedom is very much the same now I see
it being clawed away I find myself
looking for it in other countries and
encouraging everyone to hold onto it for
as long as they can appreciate it
it's my consistent message to America do
not let your country fool as we have
fallen do not become the UK fight for
your freedoms every day and our fight is
real the assault on your second
Amendment rights is relentless its
well-funded
immaculately coordinated and politically
loaded and there are dark forces I think
at work behind the facade of these
crying kids
I watched them you know as they marched
for our lives much for our lives holding
their banners getting selfies and to be
fair some of the fatter ones could do
with a bit of exercise though yet walk
on children walk on not all bad but I
did wonder listening to them if they
were ever going to shut talk about
banging on they said enough is enough
yes that's enough shush now children
thank you how many times but as a mother
of three children aged thirteen twelve
and nine I don't let my
children make big decisions when they're
upset we wait till we've all calm down
and we feel a bit better good parents do
not let little people make big decisions
especially when they're upset or crying
and good politicians do not look to
children to make policy particularly not
on guns scratch beneath the thin veneer
of these kids enjoying the attention and
taking selfies for social media
there wasn't much substance to that
March just like the women's marches in
Washington nothing changed a few women
went for a walk in a silly hat that is
it but coordinated by the globalist CNN
and the celebrity fools the March should
serve as a powerful reminder to all of
us of the connected forces at work
seeking to erode the freedoms your
founding fathers made constitutionally
yours I'm a supporter of these rights of
yours and I'm proud to say I'm a
card-carrying member of the NRA and that
my shots thank you
that one's for the NRA and Donna and my
son is very pleased actually with his
hat and his duffle bag that I've brought
home and I have put my NRA car sticker
in my car other mothers on the school
run have stickers on their cars that say
baby on board
I like to think that mine has bullets oh
yes so many you know mothers don't
really speak to me so much at the school
gate does that come as a surprise no not
the larger ones for many the right to
bear arms you know it's not a freedom
it's a it's a fact it's a necessity of
survival and I'm talking about my
friends my white friends in South Africa
who need their guns to protect them
through their day I am grateful to so
many people in this room and the
organization for supporting me on my
mission to cover the plight of white
farmers in
Africa and intention actually I
announced at the Freedom Center weekend
in November 2017 well two months later
in January 2018 I was there in country
in South Africa with a camera man an
armed security team and a couple of
military wagons capable of getting up
closest to the story that I wanted to
tell you know in urban areas in South
Africa the whites now live the same way
that caged animals live in zoos whites
in captivity almost living behind fences
and gates and behind bars
I did a school run with one mum she
calls into security to say that she's
leaving her house with her children
drives the children through the
automated gate changes her route every
day to the school returns home a
different way from the school run she
has to check her home cameras from her
car before she gets to the gate to check
that no one's lurking behind them to
attack her as she goes through the gates
and that's a normal school run for that
mum regular mum and on farms only the
richest can afford to defend their land
and their crops I walked a twenty two
million pound mega fenced farm it just
it just grows avocados and macadamias
but that's the sort of security they
need it was like a high-security prison
unit and it had a helicopter reaction
team in case trouble came in case the
blacks came to take the land as they
have been told it's their right to do
and that's the security you need to farm
fruit in South Africa and it's a very
very different world for the poor white
farmers vulnerable and exposed they talk
about when not if they will be attacked
there'd be more than a hundred attacks
so far in 2018 how many days are we into
there's been 15 murders so far of white
farmers in 2018 and a serving policeman
who got in touch with me in South Africa
and asked to meet said that within three
years there'll be no more white farmers
in South Africa
White's will have been cleansed from the
land hunted to extinction and unlike the
white rhino nobody cares mr. Joe
hamburger a senior researcher at the
Institute for Security Studies he agrees
he says it to be a white farmer in South
Africa is now statistically more
dangerous and has a higher mortality
rate than being a policeman on the front
line so there's 59 murders per a hundred
thousand for farmers white farmers 55
murders per 100,000 if you're a
policeman
he's aren't great stats but it's the
reality of trying to farm in South
Africa today as a white person here in
California the figures about 4:00 on
Skid Row it's about 4,000 time Achin but
you know Mary Andra was married to a
white farmer she was asleep in her
lounge with her daughter and husband
when a black gang broke into their home
her husband woke up and offered them
anything they wanted the car the Bakke
the computer the safe anything they
wanted to take and instead they shot him
right there in front of their
six-year-old girl they wanted to take
Mary Andra downstairs so her little
six-year-old offered the men her piggy
bank if they would let her mommy live
and she survived
Miranda buried her husband and five days
later gave birth to their first son
she's tiny Mary and ran for an etic when
you meet her she's so small I asked her
what will happen if she stops moving
stops organizing stops running stops
keeping everything together you know how
we do sometimes she says she'll fall and
she won't get back up and Bernard came
home from church with his father and his
wife and children - lighter bry like a
barbecue on Sunday after church for the
family a black gang was waiting for him
in his garage
two hours later his father was dead his
wife was strung up with fencing wire in
the garage and his son had been shot up
a lived burn
ran to his father dying on the stoop and
pleaded with him to hold on he said they
had so much to do together on the farm
but his injuries were too cruel and I
learned that for these farmers and their
families death is not the end of it
death might be a blessed relief for
those who were tortured by the gangs but
for those left behind sometimes I felt
like they might suffocate in their
sadness it was almost as if they could
barely keep their heads up to breathe
Bernard's eleven-year-old doesn't want
to live he wants to join his granddad in
heaven he thinks the shots was meant for
him and if he had died his granddad may
have lived and his smallest son who
watched the whole attack his grandfather
shot his father beaten his mother strung
with wire he can't sleep anymore
he's on antidepressants and sleeping
pills and he's tormented and has been
asked to leave his school because he's
now a violent child he's eight years old
there's many many more stories like this
and I tell you them not to make you sad
here at lunch but out of respect for the
lovely people I met and for their
impossible lives and as a reminder of
why our freedoms and your rights really
matter your right to speak your right to
bear arms and for every crying child
from the kids from Florida in the
Parkland school screaming BS at the NRA
I think of Mary Andrews little girl
offering her piggy bank to the killers
if they would let her mummy live you
know some white farmers are fighting
back they're making sure they have their
ownership of their weapons and their
wives who I spent time with are taking
lessons in how to defend themselves and
how to be that first line of defense if
their husbands shop so they might be the
last thing that can protect their own
children I really understand that
because once you lay down your arms once
you lose your right to free speak freely
what do you have left to defend yourself
with and what will you defend your
freedom of life with if you lay down
your arms you know I remember
in Sweden talking to a fireman I went to
walk the no-go zones of Sweden I spoke
to a fireman there in the toughest fire
station in the country planted in the
heart of no-go Sweden in the toughest
suburb he was building an even bigger
fence around the fire station there to
defend the fire engines because the
migrants would come and steal the
cutting equipment they needed to save
people and they would funnel out the
fuel from the tanks of the fire engine
so the wall they needed to be bigger to
try to keep these fire engines running I
asked that man whether we would need to
build more walls like this in the future
to keep people out and he said no he
said we'll need to build walls to keep
the people we love safe inside and you
know I'm sure he's right and I wanted to
say that that's what I think we're all
doing here what we do when we stand
together as conservatives when we reach
out to people and hold hands with them
to fellow Patriots to those defending
our freedoms even if we don't agree with
everything we say we're on the same team
we're on the same side and I think that
way we create a wall together to keep
the madness out to keep the darkness
from our doors and to keep the things we
love most safe inside my South African
farming friends love their family they
love their God and they love the land my
American friends you love life and
liberty and the pursuit of happiness and
together as we build this war standing
strong together we look to keep those
freedoms alive we stand strong thank you
very much indeed
thank you that's the Mike and Carl's
cannot coming up here for the first
question that's the meeting I've got two
questions one question is about South
Africa as I understand it the government
of South Africa has passed legislation
to explore create without compensation
all of the white farms just as they
didn't sim Bob way so I do you have
comment on that second question you've
got a whole chapter in your book about
you and epilepsy and I was wondering if
you could give us some informations how
did you conquer it or how did you cope
with it what did you do because it
doesn't look like you have epilepsy okay
so most importantly yes absolutely
correct sir
civil ram opposed are the new leader of
the anc stood up at his State of the
Nation Address a couple weeks back and
said our policy is land expropriation
without compensation you translate that
we're going to take your land now you
will imagine as there are in every
political kind of line up there are a
heart there's a harder wing to the ANC
some call it the true face of the ANC
they're called the economic freedom
fighters and they are terrifying they're
the guys that you see chanting in the
street the guys that destroyed the H&M
stores when there was the protest
they're the guys that sing a particular
song at their political rallies kill the
boar kill the white farmer they make
throat slitting gestures they did last
week in the Parliament building a black
policeman allied with the e FF after a
farm incident the other day said well I
would have cut his tongue out and gouged
out his eyes too so my point rather
being that if you have the leader of the
ANC saying we're going to take your land
and we'll give you nothing once you
translate that through the e FF chanting
kill the ball kill the white man and
translate that down to the black gangs
who action this stuff it just means kill
them and they don't just kill them this
is the strange and curious thing there's
and we don't need to do the detail here
it's lunch and I respect everybody
two to three hours of some of the things
that I couldn't I couldn't handle that
sometimes I thought in South Africa my
heart would just fall into a little pit
so you know a baby thrown in a bath of
boiling water
a lady with you know they took ions from
there and their brand and just stuff -
three hours of that so it isn't just
about land
it's about vengeance and retaliation and
making white people pay and if you ask
anyone the reason for anything they'll
say up apartheid you know you can't move
forward if you look back so that that's
that Apple epsy yes so so I can do a
trick later it's got a trick I'm quite
proud of so I don't actually have a top
of my head I'm like a little boiled egg
so I'm missing about this much of my
skull in March 2018 March 2017 golly
March 2017 sorry I went in for major
brain surgery they took off and they
sawed off my skull and they went into my
head and for 18 hours a brilliant man
went and found my epilepsy inside my
head and cut it out when you go into
that kind of say oh no I had a really
good sleep like it was the best sleep
I've had for years I had a great time
like I did nothing the the thing I would
say is before that surgery clearly they
they talk of a deficit which is a very
special doctors term I think and they
talk of the deficit could be your site
where my epilepsy is just behind her
site left hand I'm left-handed that's
God's Way of laughing at you isn't it
deficit left leg that you could lose
your speech of course and you could not
come back at all and actually at the
National Hospital for neurology one of
the things that you say still gets me
now is so many of the patients there are
much less fortunate than me and they
dragged a leg so you know they will drag
their left leg in in many ways going
from my appointments before the
surgery it's sort of like if I mean
they're so respectfully it's like being
amongst your worst nightmare because you
see yourself and so anyway it turns out
my surgery was super lucky and I never
had a single fit not not since the day I
had my surgery and no but I still look
like a coward so I'm really wasn't that
brave
I had arrangements with my mom she came
to live in my house for three months
while I went and sorted myself out and
we agreed that on the driveway we
wouldn't look at each other or talk so
that we didn't get upset in front the
children so we just passed in a really
weird British way hello mother
hello hello I might never see you again
but we won't talk about it because we're
British okay good right that happened
and my mom's just like me she falls
apart very easily so and then with my
children I was also a coward and I
didn't tell them what I was going to do
on the surgery I was going to have and I
just made a folder instead and it was
called the folder of doom and I didn't
share the folder of doom with them that
would be really weird I but in it was
all you know how when people die um
they've quite annoying because they
don't get their affairs in order so I
did that everything was in order and I
made sure the children knew where their
money was or we paid off the school fees
and things like that so I have felt like
even if my children were cross with me
that I had left them and didn't come
back they would know that I planned the
best way I could for them and that I
just didn't have the courage so anyway
that's my little funny
epilepsy story which is a strange part
of my life and not something I ever ever
share this is probably the first time
I've ever talked about it which is why
the book is very strange for me because
it reveals secrets that I hid for many
years I know thank you for that yes
hello Katie thank you for having the
courage to come to our corrupt
criminalized Confederate state of
California
and you you gave me a thought she was
bewildering skid-row I thought about the
Palestinian refugee camps we are
developing homelessness I think with the
same attitude and same purpose I don't
know if you have given that any thought
yeah I think one of the things and think
about that about Skid Row I think about
our country I think about terror attacks
in our country is one of the things the
state
no one's anywhere likes but one of the
very strong tools available to it any
state is fear and if you enable fear and
your people live in fear they're very
easy to control so if there is a terror
attack and people who are afraid they're
much more likely to look to the state
for answers and I see things like Skid
Row encouraging people to come dreamers
sanctuary I love the way they make it
sound like a spa resort oh we're going
for a sanctuary for a manicure and a
pedicure because we're a dreamer you
know that's not the reality it's about
for me fear and that's why I think they
are frightened of people like me and you
and good people is because the one thing
they can't control is truth which is
where they try and shut us down fear is
much more easier when people are afraid
that's why one of my big messages and
how I try and live my life is to show
that we won't be afraid you're so witty
and you're so right on the money
I'm just dying to hear what your take on
this little thing that's going on in
America is we're being subjected to our
enemies denouncing Donald Trump as
Hitler he's the same as Hitler and I
find it's so amusing that these people
who think that Donald Trump is Hitler
want to take away all our guns I'd love
to hear what you'd have to say about the
irony of this if he's Hitler why do you
want to take away all the guns
attack on your Second Amendment it's a
really strange thing but I think you
know the best thing that happened to
America is that you got Trump I think
it's fantastic I love it I love that I
believed that he would win because you
could feel it like you could feel brexit
was going to win you could feel it when
you were here I followed him on the
election trail and it was almost this it
was joyous because it was the people who
don't have a voice always telling me
that Trump was gonna win they were going
to vote Trump you could feel that he
would win
then I think for so long America was no
longer leader of the free world under
Obama I don't think he could barely lead
its own dog for a walk but now I
honestly feel that you're back I feel
like America is the leader of the free
world once again and I love it every
time you the foot she goes for an hour
high if every time the Dow goes for
another high you get the highest
employment rates that you've had on
record the highest or lowest black
unemployment rates on record every time
you smash another record you make your
taxes much more efficient these you know
these are the way that Trump will carry
on and prove itself so okay fine CNN
fine you can stick a couple of ladies
with exceptionally big breasts on your
TV programs and you can do that every
day for the next a hundred days but as
soon as Trump has another major win
impacting things that matter like
employment like people's own family
finances like your security like your
protection like the safety of your
children
those big boobed woman's don't matter
one dime nor one jot
so in answer yeah I think you're back as
leaders and I think many many people I
know I know many many people in the UK
want Trump they want they wish we had
Trump and we have this very annoying
London Mayor the Mayor of London is stan
Sadiq can't I can't stand him
the unfortunate thing is he speaks for
London of course then he ends up
speaking for the UK there's this huge
population in a very great place called
the rest of the UK who are desperate for
Trump to come and I feel that momentum
building from Catalonia you look at the
Italian elections which were won by the
right look at Germany where the
opposition party is now the AFD look at
Viktor Orban see what's going on in
Hungary look at the Czech Republic and I
feel it in the UK my support base is
it's sort of like you know if you're
Tunis poor doesn't happen here but if
you're too near electricity pylons
there's a sort of buzzing I feel that
it's like an electricity at the moment
and I and I'm excited for it but
certainly we look to Trump for
leadership because we don't have any at
home yeah this follows on directly from
what you just said one of the best
movies I saw this year was the darkest
hour yeah which reminded which reminded
us how for a period of time England
basically stood alone in the world
against Nazism and the forces of evil
and is that spirit lost are you
pessimistic about that that spirit
because brexit gave us all hope that
maybe it's still there but here it is a
year and a half later and now the voices
are another referendum maybe it'll never
be implemented you know the pessimism
there but I think most of us feel if the
UK goes down it's a serious blow to
world freedom in peace yeah I think
you're right and for a very long time I
said that you know we fool and the UK
has fallen do not fall as we have fallen
and I think that's true we'll never see
brexit not in the way that anybody like
myself or the people that I stand with
voted for that will never happen but
what it does indicate is seventeen point
four million people think in a similar
way that I do not that we have the same
opinions but we have the same strength
of feeling for our country that's nearly
a third of the UK now you bring on
another summer like we had last year of
attack after attack after attack we just
did to the anniversary of Manchester you
are going to feel that those people
rising up again and I feel at the moment
I felt it at speakers corner the other
day where I was slightly harassed by a
lovely mob of gentlemen from I would say
where would we say yes Oxford men mostly
called Ahmed oh I didn't really catch
their names they were too busy trying to
kick me but and I feel that and I know
there's more rallies planned there's one
that was held in Birmingham last week I
couldn't attend I'm due to speak at one
in Manchester and I feel it growing and
I know the state doesn't like it because
of the level of hassle I get because I
know this they can see what's coming and
they can't control us so I do think
we're rising up and I think the fact
that we have our Eastern European
neighbors who are starting to rally
gives us hope I was just curious thank
you so much Katie from your for your
courage and your outspokenness and being
willing to undergo all of this both here
and in and Britain all over I was just
curious as to I was a little concerned
with the Millennials who are what
goodbye what larry-san calls marching
madness and and the fact they don't know
that school shootings are down by three
quarters and and police shootings are
through the roof but I was curious as to
you're at a your
comment on Justice Justice John Paul
Stevens call for the repeal of the
Second Amendment I mean the marching I
mean I'd say to these kids look kids you
know let's not dress this up you're
going for a walk with a banner I can't
get over stuff you're not marching for
your knives and also you didn't think it
through very well did you because
there's already a March for life and
that's against Planned Parenthood and
that kills 300,000 unborn children a
year so you've got muddled up there
sunshine and when I also say to these
kids is you did not go marching over the
600 people who were killed in Chicago
last year and the year before that and
the year before that because they didn't
matter to you
so I say dry your tears stop acting up
for the cameras and get back into class
you know and I'm very clear on that and
I think anymore marches we've had enough
marching you know why don't they just do
their marches all together women
marching pussy marches children marching
just all march march away from me back
that way anyway isn't this way yeah and
also the other thing that really gets on
my tiny tits
sorry gentlemen is they never put away
their loans got a bit cursory now so
I've held it together very well for a
good hour so you just have to roll with
it just get over it
they never throw away their bloody
rubbish but these banners every damn
time
they were there to protest Trump banners
everywhere
pussy marches banners everywhere mostly
with vaginas and uterus and no one leads
that in the streets and then kids I was
walking up to the Mexican laundry
because I like to get my laundry done at
local places could get free little place
and there was facts against firearms
under my feet I mean please take your
rubbish banners home with you anyway
good I'm bad I feel better
you put a song in my heart alright what
the heck is it with the UK schizophrenic
relationship with Israel the only
democracy in the Middle East but yet
they vote against Israel along with the
crazy countries at the UN so what is it
between the UK and Israel you know in
your country really lets you down and
think the UK voted against or at least
they didn't assist with the vote on
Israel and then you just want to go oh
that's not me you don't represent me
that's not my country you know that I
did a big rant on my radio show before I
was fired tragic tragic bit true I
wasn't fired for underperforming I was
fired for saying that we needed a
solution to Muslims which we do but
anywho I had a big rant about Israel and
my god did I go off on one I did the
full Hopkins goes ballistic I was I love
BB he blows if you throw a rocket else
we're gonna take down your house and
once we've taken down your house we're
gonna come for your mom's house as well
and your brothers and that's called
justice and I don't just build a wall if
I'm Benjamin Netanyahu no no no I built
a wall underground as well because
that's what I do because I'm Israel and
Israel of God everything's right and we
should be more like Israel right so I I
really went for it I got a government
warning from the regulator for being too
pro-israel and not having enough of a
balanced view now they were right of
course
my opinion and I said no no no I read
out some of the comments from the weird
lefty Democrats in balance on the show
because I know the rules and you have to
cover your ass and they were like yes
but look what you said before head and
so as I read out their comments saying
well no it's the poor Palestinians we
should worry about and poor Hamas it's
very dreadful and it's very hard if
you're Palestinian I preface
comments with these liberal wankers said
and evidently that's not balanced
so in defense my next kind of flicking
the be signs at that is that I'm taking
a group with rebel media and we're going
to Israel we're going to tour and I'm
going to go to the oldest tattoo parlor
in Israel where they used to ink up the
medieval kind of pilgrims and I'm
getting myself a tattoo in Israel of the
Christian symbol so have that thank you
Katie
I feel like it's time journalists stop
gazing at their navel or the breasts of
women who say they've slept with the
President and time they got out there
and reported on a story to see more of
my work and more real reporting join me
at Hopkins welcome
you
