well another Earth Hour came and went
over the weekend yeah I know I
completely forgot about it too and with
good reason you see when it comes to
this counterproductive virtue signaling
fool's errand I defer to the prophetic
words of Colonel Sam Troutman in first
blood
it's over Jenni it's over you know just
maybe 10 years ago Earth Hour kind of
like the Ford Pinto looked good on paper
but in practice the idea that people
would turn off their lights and
electrical gadgets for all of 60 minutes
was farcical and did absolutely nothing
tangible indeed check out this excerpt
from last year when we covered a
pathetic Toronto Earth Hour event which
pretty much sums up the inanity told me
- I know you have a candle here and
evidently the majority of candles in
Canada are made out of paraffin a by a
petroleum by-product so in a way you're
you're kind of increasing your co2
footprint right now is that a concern of
yours I'm just here to celebrate I don't
want to poo poo on the celebration
I bought these because I have two young
nieces and they're here and I thought
it's it's a it's a nice thought I
anticipated that all the lights would go
off however you're right it's kind of a
ironical that we're burning candles that
are made of oil products right kind of
defeats the purpose right it does yeah I
guess we don't do it that often so hey
that's a good point it's good that Earth
Hour only happens once a year
it looks pretty so what did we learn
from Earth Hour 2017 folks well I think
it comes down to four profound points
first of all the attendance it's
pathetic there's maybe a hundred people
here and this is for a Greater Toronto
Area four million people secondly so
many of these people can't seem to wean
themselves off their cell phones for the
prerequisite 60 minutes of Earth our
third a lot of these people as you can
see are burning
candles that are made out of paraffin a
petroleum by-product so they're actually
increasing their carbon footprint and
forth as you can see the MC in the band
are using amplified electrical
loudspeakers to get their message out
because if they didn't nobody would hear
them sad and for 2018
it looks like more people were
celebrating human achievement hour than
Earth our human achievement our or ha
for short coincidentally takes place on
this exact same day an exact same time
as Earth our human achievement hour is
all about celebrating technology by
turning on everything for 60 minutes
back when earth hour was slightly more
relevant I used to rent enormous
Hollywood spotlights to usher in human
achievement hour and the response from
people who followed those lights and
drop by casa men's ID was virtually 100%
positive but with earth our rapidly
running out of steam there's really no
good reason to stage such a counter
protest anymore that would suggest that
Earth Hour is somehow relevant and check
this out according to a ctv report in
british columbia this year power during
Earth Hour actually spiked BC Hydro says
electricity use across the province rose
by 0.2% from 8:30 to 9:30 p.m. Saturday
night compared with the same hour the
week before fantastic yes even on
Canada's left coast even in an NDP LED
province with the nation's only elected
Green Party MP it would appear that even
British Columbians are no longer buying
into Earth Hour propaganda
there's hope yet folks and how's this
for throwing in the white flag of social
justice surrender some utilities such as
Toronto Hydro have stopped reporting
power use declines during Earth Hour
because the power consumption dips
assuming consumption did indeed dip has
become less pronounced over the years
so when even the electric company is
giving up on this you really really know
it's lights out for Earth Hour but fret
not all you idealistic hippies out there
still clinging to the idea that Earth
Hour is somehow meaningful for there are
certain places on earth in which Earth
Hour is a 24/7 reality so if you really
dig that kind of freezing in the dark
lifestyle by all means pack your bags
and head to such altruistic paradises as
oh I don't know North Korea Springs
immediately to mind a realm in which
Earth Hour is every hour for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
