I've been to Los Angeles many times but
I have never been on Skid Row with over
40,000 homeless people living on its
streets Los Angeles is the homeless
capital of the country nearly 4000 of
those homeless men and women live here
on Skid Row and yet it seems no one
wants to talk about it or look at it
here at my hotel just a block away
they've even starker sticker over it on
the map to pretend it isn't there cover
it up and maybe it will go away or no
one will notice except it isn't going
away anything but so many people living
here have given up all hope it's
sometimes fair like they're stuck in a
kind of Twilight Zone between addiction
and despair I don't think there is any
hope of truly helping these people and
the reality is as grim as its portrayed
I spent a couple days and nights on Skid
Row it is a place of puke and piss and
vomit where rats outnumber the residents
by a thousand to one this is a human
health catastrophe waiting to happen
caleb is a charity mission worker he has
chained himself to the fence here on
Skid Row on Fifth and central in order
to try to get people to talk about the
problem of Skid Row and the people
living here the padlock that closes his
chains to the fence he's given the keys
to that to the politicians who were in
charge one is with the city mayor and
one is with the city council
representative district 14
representative Jose Huizar has this key
I went to the mayor's house to see
exactly what it's like where he lives
walking around here where the mayor
lives it's easy to see how Skid Row
seems a million miles away and a problem
that's easier to ignore but Skid Row is
not going away and nor the people that
live there
it's all very well for Democrats to talk
about dreamers and sanctuaries those are
very polite words but Skid Row is a
depressing reminder of what happens when
instead of addressing a problem you
plaster over it and hope that it goes
away I spent a couple days reporting on
Skid Row because I feel like it's time
journalists stop gazing at their navel
or the breasts of women who say they've
slept with the president and time they
got out there and reported on a story to
see more of my work and more real
reporting join me at Hopkins welcome
you
