the protests at the Kinder Morgan
pipeline expansion in Burnaby British
Columbia are devolving into mayhem and
madness and Canada has no real
leadership with the desire to bring back
law and order another week and yet
another police officer is hurt at Kinder
Morgan's job site on Burnaby Mountain
British Columbia this time of 41
year-old man is facing charges after he
removed a city of Burnaby serve a stake
but it didn't stop there when an RCMP
officer came to arrest the man the man
allegedly resisted and then a crowd of
protesters came over to stop the cop
from catching the man as the man ran
away here I actually have the Facebook
live video taken by one of the
protesters of the whole incident by fast
in the video the hippie protesters can
be heard encouraging the man to run away
and then encouraging another protester
to push the cop pursuing him which that
protester did do resisting arrest and
assaulting police officers and yes they
were dumb enough to put it all on
Facebook but this isn't the first time
cops have been hurt on Burnaby Mountain
just a week ago
three more RC
the officers were injured at the trans
mountain protests and after those three
cops were hurt in the line of duty just
enforcing a court injunction the Green
Party's Elizabeth May and the NDP's
Kennedy steward showed up to show
support for the violent protesters those
two MPs ended up getting themselves
arrested for violating Kinder Morgan's
court injunction that keeps protesters
five metres away from their to work
sites on Burnaby Mountain now that
injunction is there for two reasons to
keep Kinder Morgan's employees safe from
these increasingly violent protesters
but it's also there to keep these
witless protesters safe from something
they're completely unfamiliar with and
of course that thing is work now even if
you support the blockade of Kinder
Morgan's already approved pipeline what
in the sweet hell were these two
allegedly distinguished parliamentarians
doing in attendance at a protest where
police have already been hurt and then
they had the same bald-faced and crazy
audacity to violate the court order and
get themselves arrested like a hundred
other protesters have been all while the
long-suffering Canadian taxpayer was
paying these two to be voting on
something in Ottawa and speaking of the
taxpayers the taxpayers of the city of
Burnaby are going to be on the hook for
all these increased policing costs
despite the fact that their mayor
Derrick Corrigan calls the extra
policing cost ridiculous and not
something that he's willing to pay for
what does he want the RCMP to do just
pack up and go home and leave his City
to fall into lawlessness I went about
Derrick Corrigan well he's currently
reaping what he sowed in 2015 he was
bragging that he would be there
protesting and he would be willing to
even go to jail to stop Kinder Morgan
here's what he said in 2015 if we go to
court we're going to go to court with
clean hands and ensure we've done
everything humanly possible before I
stand with you and probably ten thousand
other people and get arrested to stop
this pipe
Wein that's a hard thing to promise for
a lawyer and a mayor it will probably be
the end of my career but if I end my
career on that note it will be something
that I'm very proud of that I stood my
ground
mayor Corrigan like Rachel Notley has
spent years fomenting pipeline
opposition bragging about it even and
now he has to dance with the one that
brought him courting environmental
radicals got him elected sure and now
it's time to live with those
consequences be careful what you wish
for because you just might get it and
Canadian politicians in power don't
really seem all that concerned about the
lawless situation happening there on
Burnaby Mountain there is nothing from
BC premier Horgan there is not a peep
from Rachel Notley even though the
violence is happening at protests led by
two of her former hires sapore Berman
and Karen Mahone and so far it's been
complete and total silence from Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau this reminds me
a lot of what happened in the United
States President Obama was either silent
or completely supportive of the black
lives matter protests where one could
frequently hear chants advocating
violence against police officers like
this chant here at a protest that took
place just hours after a police officer
was ambushed and executed at a gas
station near Houston here when our
politicians don't renounce violence they
legitimize it we saw this happen in
Caledonia Ontario when politicians
turned a blind eye to the violence
against residents of Caledonia
by Aboriginal activists it got worse now
no one is calling for an end to violence
and law breaking apparently Canada's
political Left cannot tell the
difference between the right to peaceful
protest and the violent breach of a
court injunction designed to keep
everyone involved safe as the situation
gets worse and more dangerous for our
boys
girls in blue now might be the time for
these so-called leaders to actually show
some real leadership
I suppose it's easy for our Prime
Minister to forget that the RCMP our
proud National Police Force just aren't
the people who carry migrant luggage
across the border and who follow Justin
Trudeau's family around on vacation
these police officers live and work in
our communities they work to keep us
safe and they deserve our respect their
political bosses not so much for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gunnery did you
know that I have my own show here on the
Revel it's called the gun show and we
talk about issues facing Canadian
families to get access to my show and
the rest of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
