speaking exclusively to the Yorkshire
Post York sirs counter-terror chief has
admitted that Yorkshire faces an
unprecedented threat of deadly terror
attacks
I love Yorkshire I mean I'm a Lancashire
live at heart but you know every time I
cross the border across the Moors I felt
a connection Yorkshire epitomizes the
north it's got great food traditional
brick houses and cottages beautiful
countryside friendly people and cracking
pubs but now it's known for something
else you know I remember reading about
the town Savile in Yorkshire it hit
headlines just a few years ago when
census data was revealed showing that
only 48 out of 4033 people in the town
were white British you'll probably
remember that famous image of a woman in
a burqa stowing ice cream how I'll
certified I'm sure from an ice-cream van
this is a Muslim Enclave in Britain the
locals have been totally replaced many
for stout and those who are left well
they're just dreaming about a town when
their town was British it's not
complicated is it nobody wants their
home transformed just imagine if this
happened to your hometown one year it's
jamming Jerusalem church bells ringing
on a Sunday local faiths and community
events a healthy pop culture and happy
British families and the church is gone
and a minaret replaces it and you don't
have the church bells anymore you hear
the Islamic call to prayer you don't see
little old Doris walking her dogs in the
park anymore it's Mohammed and his two
wives in burkas and there's no dog the
pub's are gone and everything's just a
bit more bleak I'm sorry but this is
alien to as many Muslims are thoroughly
decent people but I asked have to ask
what is the benefit of changing a town
like this so drastically what good comes
from changing traditional British town
into an Islamic Enclave and am I to
believe that the people who live there
most of them actually like us I mean
many immigrants want to assimilate into
our culture and are proud of being Brits
glad to have the chance to raise their
kids as Brits what's the deal here why
doesn't this group want the same instead
they want to turn this British town and
the rest of Yorkshire into a replica of
the oppressed lands that they fled and
the claims from Yorkshire counter-terror
Chiefs suggest that these people don't
really like us in his interview with the
Yorkshire Post Detective Chief
Superintendent Martin Snowden said that
West Yorkshire Police had the resources
to match the threat unlike the Met
Police who are over 900 officers
dedicated to watching hate speech online
but the threat is there
substantial and it comes from lone
wolves and Islamists who were using less
sophisticated methods to attack people
he said that Yorkshire is facing a
particular threat of people using knives
and vehicles just like the Islamist
magazines inspire tells people to do and
according to snowden yorkshire x' police
work loads has been around a third
higher than normal over the last 12
months and that he expects it to remain
that way for quite some time and you
know i'd really like to see the numbers
on the alleged far-right threat the wiki
peering about it's sad to see the likes
of national action on the street but
far-right terrorism the kind that killed
Joe Cox in battery he's just not on par
with the threat that we're facing from
Islamists first off I'd like to know
what the authorities mean when they say
far-right they undoubtedly mean people
like me and probably you when what they
really mean is a handful of neo-nazi
LARPers they tell us four Nazi pots were
stopped last year well how many Islamist
pots was successful last year and just
how many was stopped the mi5 boss
claimed at least nine terror attacks
were prevented in the UK between 2016
and 17 and there were four major
successful Islamic terror attacks in 17
but if we're talking our who Akbar
attacks we need to look at more than
just van and gunner tanks we need to go
beyond the major attacks that shake the
nation we need to talk about the regular
knife attacks in London by allegedly
crazy drug addicts who just so happen to
be Muslim as well and what about his
uninspired acid attacks what about the
brutal rape of young non-muslim girls I
call this terror too we have at least
23,000 potential jihadis on the street
and while it's easy for northerners like
me who were lucky enough to grow up in
the same part of town to assume that
this all happens down south in places
like Luton we have to face up to the
fact that huge parts of the north are
being hurt by this poison to your church
is facing a real threat unfortunately
it's being transformed and we're being
told to celebrate it it's just like
being burgled and the burglar telling
you to smile about it
you
