just when you think things can't get any
weirder any dirtier with teams Hillary
Obama and their cronies like James Comey
and Andrew McCabe at the FBI and their
buddy over at the special counsel's
office Robert Muller well they sit you
down and say hold our beer okay this one
is so bizarre I don't even know where to
begin so I'm going to jump right in
do you remember omar Mateen the radical
Islamic terrorists who murdered 50
people at the gay nightclub pulse in
Orlando Florida do you remember that his
dad Sadiq Mateen was sitting behind
Hillary Clinton at a rally one of
Hillary's rallies during the campaign
and prime seating right in camera shot
if you know anything about political
rallies during a presidential campaign
or even after now that Donald Trump is
president when he does a rally the seats
directly behind the candidate the ones
that are on national television those
are reserved for my money donors people
very very close to the campaign Congress
people senators politicians cabinet
secretaries their families people that
mean something the administration the
President or the then presidential
candidate
you've got to be somebody to the
campaign to get one of those prime seats
in that little triangle that's frame by
the camera you don't get in there by
chance you're very close to the
candidate the Secret Service has to vet
you I know this because I was always on
the other side I was facing the
candidate in seating just as close as
media I had have submit my name my
social security numbers some other
things that the Secret Service can vet
me when I got there I would typically
get some kind of past some kind of
bracelet that would get me in and out of
that VIP area it's not first-come
first-serve seating and the sitting
behind the candidate for the guests for
non media is even more restricted
because the candidates back is to you
Oumar matine's father this terrorist who
killed 50 Americans to pulse nightclub
well his father Sadiq m√§kinen was in
that crowd that was weird enough but
wait there's more it turns out that from
2005 to 2016
Omar matine's dad a guy with his own
ties who Islamic terror a guy who's now
under criminal investigation was on the
FBI's payroll yeah you heard me
correctly from 2005 to 2016 the Dick
Mateen the father of murderous Islamic
terrorists Omar Mateen the guy who
carried out the most fatal mass shooting
in US history before Stephen Patek in
Las Vegas the most deadly radical
Islamic terror mass shooting in US
history and he targeted gay Americans
his dad was on the FBI payroll in the
story here from News 6 Orlando and let
me read this to you and this all came
out because Noor Salman
Omar matine's wife a woman who the FBI
lost right after the shooting filed a
motion for a mistrial her attorney read
this to you
attorneys for noir Salman called from
mistrial after they say new details from
prosecutors reveal that pulse gunmen
Omar matine's
father was an FBI source and is
currently under a criminal investigation
now why that would would entitle her to
a mistrial is beyond me I truly feel she
helped her husband carry out the stack
and she tried to flee the country
according to a motion filed by the
defense prosecutors sent an email on
Saturday that stated Sadiq Mateen was a
CI a confidential informant for the FBI
from 2005 through June 2016 that's
important because the pulse nightclub
attack happened on June 12 2016 so while
his son was killing gay Americans the
dad was on the FBI's payroll this this
is beyond
you know I always tell you well I've
been in law enforcement working
alongside or covering law enforcement
for 25 years and I always say I've never
heard anything this bad well here I go
again you know just just when I think
they can't top it just what I think they
can't surprise me anymore they well they
top it and well they top it and they
surprise me they top it and they
surprise me
salman's attorneys claim the late
disclosure of the information prevented
them information prevented them from
exploring whether or not Sadiq Mateen
knew of his sons plans to attack the
nightclub on June 12th 2016 but that
wouldn't matter it shouldn't matter has
nothing at all to do with the wife being
under investigation now this is just
this is just an incredible the
government email to Salman's attorneys
also states that in 2012 an anonymous
tip indicated that Sadiq Mateen was
seeking to raise fifty to a hundred
thousand dollars via donation drive it
contribute toward an attack against the
government of Pakistan
there's all kinds of weirdness with this
guy he was trying to send money to
Turkey was trying to send money to
Afghanistan before the attack his son
looked into travel to those countries so
was his dad trying to help his son plan
the attack and get out of the u.s. the
story doesn't get I mean it gets so bad
because the Diekman team didn't sit at
the Hillary rally before if you recall
the timeline there I remember I always
tell you in investigations timelines are
everything
he didn't sit in VIP preferred seating
behind Hillary and I wish I could stress
to you how difficult it is get one of
those seats I would have the staffers of
significant US Congress people call me
and say hey do you know anybody inside
the Trump campaign we really want those
seats we call the campaign they don't
have any we're hoping you know somebody
you could trade a favor with and we'll
owe you a favor and I would often have
to call them back and say now no and
it's pretty common they would say hey
look we'll give you an interview or
we'll give you some exclusive if you can
help our staff are out you know are the
congressman's mom wants one of those
seats and typically those seats are all
taken up those seats are VIP of VIP
preferred seating it is it is impossible
it is absolutely impossible that
Hillary's campaign team did not know
Sadiq Mateen was in those seats because
whomever organized that rally two months
after the pulse nightclub attack now
this guy was on the FBI payroll his son
murders all of these people at a gay
night
On June 12 2016 and then two months
later I believe it was in August he sat
at that rally behind Hillary Clinton his
name had to be submitted to senior
members of her campaign team and who the
United States Secret Service under the
Obama administration it's weird now I
hate conspiracy theories but it is very
very weird that the Muslim terror
sympathetic father of a guy who just
carried out at the time the deadliest
Muslim terror attack on US soil since
9/11 a guy who was under criminal
investigation after his 11 year tenure
working as an FBI CI ended in disgrace
the CIA approved him The Secret Service
approved him to be there and the Hillary
can't campaign invited him and
everybody's claiming they didn't know
who he was
it's either a lie it's either an
absolute lie or one of the most
incompetent moments in American law
enforcement history and I have to think
it's a lie
now some other other information here so
the defense also said that sadik's
connection with the FBI played a role in
a 2013 investigation into Omar Mateen
for allegedly making threats against
co-workers it was riding at his son as
well matine's father quote matine's
father played well here's the
interesting part he was riding his son
out but he was also running interference
quote matine's father played a
significant role in the FBI's decision
not the secret indictment from the
Justice Department for false statements
to the FBI or obstruction of justice
against Omar Mateen
this is just uh it's really just
mind-blowing and when he was at that
rally behind Hillary Clinton less than
two months after his son's deadly
Islamic terror attack it was in
Kissimmee Florida it was in Kissimmee
Florida which if you know the area it's
a suburb of Orlando it was you know
short drive a 30-minute drive from where
the attack took place it was almost a
Hillary campaign saying a big fu to
America oh you don't like radical
Islamic terror well a few America I'm
sitting a terrorist family behind me and
if you don't like it too bad because
there's no other explanation there is no
other explanation is a lot more to this
case and I'm gonna be going much much
deeper into this incredibly interesting
story and troubling story today on the
rebel on my new longer show off the cuff
well it's not such a news show anymore
and thanks for watching it on my locker
show off-the-cuff Declassified you're
gonna want to watch it this is really
interesting and troubling stuff this is
really really important content I want
to bring it to you every day I bet so
many stories like this coming up for you
but please subscribe to our premium
service let me keep doing it by
subscribing to our premium service @ww
at the rebel dot media for its last
shows
