reports of this storm are as unreliable
as a dubious meteorologist but no matter
what trust me Trump will weather this
storm as many of you probably heard over
the weekend
stormy Daniels whose legal name is
Stephanie Gregory Clifford gave an
interview with Anderson Cooper on 60
minutes on Sunday regarding her alleged
one-night stand with then civilian not
president Donald Trump now on
researching her legal name I will note
that her Wikipedia page she's listed as
an award-winning American pornographic
actress I'd love to list off some of the
awards that I imagine are given to that
ceremony but I think some of the more
conservative of our audience here at the
rubble might not find it humorous but
you know best performance is one of the
awards an award for which I wonder what
the criteria is believability
flexibility best visual assets okay I'm
gonna stop there before I get into
trouble but during the interview
Clifford provided what many hoped to be
details to support many of her
allegations that she's made publicly
prior to the interview but ultimately
she just ended up stirring concerns
about the credit credibility of her
claims for a little bit of backstory you
all will remember that Clifford accepted
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars in
alleged hush money from trumps lawyer
Michael Cohen so she took the money and
despite that is still talking about it
so that's one credibility demerit for
her already
now this aspect of the story ended up
consuming a sizable portion of the
interview since anything titillating or
exciting never really emerged so you can
imagine that producers in an effort to
make the interview more newsworthy we're
forced to steer the ship in the
direction of this hush money now why
because as Trump hading lawyer Larry
Noble said campaign finance laws were
broken notably contribution limits and
disclosure provisions but what's so
utterly delicious about this claim is
that even if it was true even if judging
by previous allegations and charges
similar in nature with past candidates
the crime would amount to no real
punishment simply a small fine and you
know that that is not at all what the
left was hoping for the left was also
hoping for a dip in stocks today as
this bombshell interview when in fact
the Dow Jones actually jumped nearly 700
points by closing bell today but let's
get back to stormy okay the left was
indeed hoping for a juicier interview
from which they could draw endless
soundbites to replay over and over and
over and over for the next umpteen
months but they were not given that they
weren't given any evidence to miss
Clifford's claims no blue dress or a
gold dress in this case there is a gold
dress which clifford claims she has but
hasn't produced it and also claims she
intends to have it tested for DNA but
doesn't it seem a little strange but
she's held on to this dress for 12 years
hasn't had it cleaned gross and this was
long before Trump indicated a
presidential run so why did she keep it
I'm skeptical that it even exists but
there's also the awkward claim that in
2011 again before Trump ran for office
she was threatened in a parking lot
outside her gym with her daughter in the
interview she said a guy walked up on me
and said to me leave Trump alone forget
the story and then he leaned around and
looked at my daughter and said that's a
beautiful little girl it'd be a shame if
something happened to her mom
dun-dun-dun
a word to the wise I'm not saying she's
lying but if you're going to make a
claim like this maybe don't rip lines
from the script of like 30 different
modern-day movies and TV dramas because
it sounds a little questionable also she
says she doesn't know who the man was
never tried to find out who he was and
didn't file a police report and the lack
of evidence has some of the left eating
their own in an interview Monday morning
Today Show host Savannah Guthrie grilled
Clifford's attorney Michael avenatti
questioning him why he nor his client
have produced any evidence despite
claims that they do have it he responded
by saying we're not going to play our
hand right now and the reason is because
we have a case to win but Guthrie she
was buying it and as she insisted he and
Clifford are playing games by suggesting
that they have documentary evidence to
support her claims no bottom line is
this because I've been asked a lot about
this recently
what citizen Donald Trump and another
woman did as consenting adults over a
decade
is really none of my business and it's
certainly not my concern my concern is
the direction and future prosperity of
my country which Donald Trump as
president is currently handling I think
quite well economically we are better
militarily we are stronger and I'm not
in his marriage to Melania and I won't
judge the state of their marriage now or
what it was 12 years ago as long as
Donald Trump isn't engaging in this
behavior in the Oval Office and then
lying about it under oath I'm good but
what say you in is the story getting
under your skin let us know in the
comments thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary you'd want to hear more
from all of us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
