they're trying to promote this as an
organic march funded by the kids in the
parents but bugs BuzzFeed has reproduced
and truth' revolt ritual we published
some BuzzFeed information let me read
this to you since then major players and
organizations including every town right
funded by Michael Bloomberg Gabby
Giffords Foundation moveon.org
Planned Parenthood and women's March LA
told BuzzFeed news they are helping the
students with logistics strategy and
planning or the March for our lives
rally now when you've got those groups I
mean the left of the left of the left
let's forget the irony of Planned
Parenthood marching for life when you've
got the left of the left of the left
funding this I think there needs to be
an investigation into Broward County
Public Schools and all of the other
school districts that allowed the kids
to participate yeah and and you know
just listing those off we're talking
about every town who was exposed as a
far left basically anti-gun organization
after Newtown Connecticut Planned
Parenthood who claims they want to march
for the lives of teenagers when 80% of
their funding goes towards ending the
life of babies right it makes no sense
and yeah if you want to talk about this
being organic give me a break
these kids are being fed lines by the
far-left
and david hog doesn't need college who
cares if he can get into college he can
get a job right now with MSNBC that kid
in iron sun-sentinel
exactly right but look you know here's
here's what bothers me about groups like
every town the media complicity in
covering for them do you remember what
they were originally called I don't
Mayors Against Illegal Guns right and
then when the mayor's involved with
Mayors Against Illegal Guns started
realizing that it was about grabbing all
guns and and criminalizing legal gun
owners they dropped out and eventually
the group was left with like two guys
Michael Bloomberg and Menino from Boston
too far lefties so they had a rebrand to
get members back and not appear to be
this group of gun grabbing status mayors
this group got a million dollars from a
Falana from an entrepreneur and
philanthropist named Eli Broad don't
even know who the guy is far Lefty
a million bucks to fund this thing we
see buses
60 70 80 buses bringing these kids in
who paid for those buses because they
were paid for by taxpayers there were
school district buses people need to go
to jail over this yeah
and you're gonna tell me that these kids
organized to to you know bring together
all of these buses and to organize a bus
schedule to get them all the way to DC I
was really disheartened because I saw a
few friends friends of mine who and I
don't want to say that they're not smart
people who I guess I I held in higher
regard than I do now who who said you
know one of them used her baby as a prop
and she had a the baby hold a sign that
said I am why people are marching in
Washington DC no you're not no you're
not at all it has nothing to do with
your life or your protection under your
school roof when it has to do with is a
leftist mentality that really it's all
about a gun grab and I don't know I
don't know how sane reasonably minded
people can attend this March and support
this March without realizing that that
is what is underlying this is really
really important content this is the
kind of stuff we need to get out there
the kind of information you need to know
and I want to bring it to you every day
help me keep doing that by subscribing
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
