the NDP released their latest budget
yesterday hold on to your wallets
apologize to your children for their
future debt burden and turn down the
furnace because things are gonna get
real real expensive around here this
week Alberta's chronically incompetent
social worker turned Finance Minister
Joe Sisi released the latest NDP budget
so I guess it's signed for everybody at
home to gather round and start gambling
amongst their friends about when exactly
Alberta's next credit downgrade will be
because you know it's coming let's go
through some of the most atrocious
things in this budget and then I'll show
you the irresponsible and utterly crazy
way the NDP plan to balance their books
by 2023 Alberta is currently 54 billion
dollars in debt paying nearly two
billion dollars to bankers and lenders
to service the debt by 2021 Alberta will
be seventy seven billion dollars in the
hole paying nearly three billion dollars
to service the debt to those
international bankers and lenders by
2023 Alberta's debt will balloon to
nearly 100 billion dollars we will be
paying nearly five billion dollars to
international bankers and lenders to
service the debt with nothing in a
return to show for it our debt will be
12% of our GDP by then we will be paying
as much to service the debt with nothing
in return as we currently now pay for
community and social services and
children's services combined the Calgary
Herald is reporting that the government
is now borrowing money to pay interest
on money it has already borrowed that's
like using a credit card to pay off
another credit card and then using that
same credit card to pay your mortgage
not in dime has been paid on the
principal debt for context when Ralph
Klein led the charge to pay down the
debt in Alberta it was only twenty three
billion dollars and we considered it an
imminent financial crisis a catastrophe
we just had to get a hold of the debt
will be three times larger than that
when inflation is factored in before the
NDP even consider
balancing the books around here this
level of spending and burdening future
generations with today's
irresponsibility is utterly immoral and
you won't even believe the crazy way
Rachel Notley plans to get her out of
control spending reined back in just
watch the worst Finance Minister in all
of Confederation Jo Cece explain how
here as our economy relies less on
government stimulus additional carbon
revenue will help contribute to an
improving bottom line beginning in 2021
additional revenue resulting from the
federally imposed carbon price tied to
the construction of the trans mountain
pipeline will be used to support vital
public services as a province stays on
track to balance the budget by 2023 did
you guys get that at home the NDP's big
plan to balance the budget is not to
reduce their out-of-control spending at
all no the NDP's plan is to have the
federal government Justin Trudeau in his
old Powell Catherine McKenna carbon tax
albertans even more than we already are
and then have the feds send a pittance
back to Alberta to help fix the mess
Rachel not least creating today what a
wonderful plan and all of this hinges on
the Liberals and the NDP still even
being in power in 2023 just last week
Rachel Notley said there would be no
more carbon tax hikes until the trans
mountain pipeline expansion is underway
because apparently her carbon tax didn't
buy us social licence with the radical
environmentalists left but that's not
entirely true is it the carbon tax is
going up even if Rachel Notley doesn't
raise her carbon tax herself which she
has done twice already without any
movement on trans mountains pipeline not
leaves more than happy to let the
federal government raise the carbon tax
for her so she can spend more money
extracted from the pockets of Albertans
wastefully the way the NDP are spending
money as we recover from the very worst
economic recession in an entire
generation is crazy but you have to be
truly
of your mind and completely out of ideas
to hitch your balance sheet to Justin
Trudeau for the rebel dot media I'm
Sheila Gunn read what you just saw there
was my daily video here at the rebel but
I also have my own full-length show it's
called the gun show and we talk about
issues facing Canadian families to get
access to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
