the Texas bomber is dead after building
more than half a dozen devices killing
several people injuring others
the young man who dropped out of
Community College detonated himself
after police tracked him down through
various CCTV footage payment receipts
and also through the location of his
cell phone this was a very very unusual
attacker the frequency of his attacks
all these bombs in just the space of a
few weeks and the variety of the devices
and trigger mechanisms he used including
a tripwire is not what we are used to
seeing from jihadi terrorists Marxist
terrorists or any kind of serial killer
using explosive devices what are the
lessons learned well obviously when law
enforcement is allowed to do its job it
gets the job done
at the end of the day he detonated a
device but he was cornered by people
with guns good guys with guns found a
neutralized an evil person but what are
the conclusions that you need to draw
for yourself I wrote my book defeating
jihad about Sunni terrorism groups like
Al Qaeda groups like Isis but the things
I'm going to tell you now apply to any
terrorist or even to a mass shooter
somebody who has no political or
religious objective in mind but just
wants to kill a lot of people so number
one do what police officers do they have
a phrase keep your head on a swivel be
tactically aware of your surroundings of
what's going on don't walk through life
staring at your smartphone as so many
people do
today the front line in the war with
terrorism is at the front door of your
house when you leave in the morning you
could be very very quickly involved in
an event that threatens you and your
loved ones whether it's a Christmas
party at a government building in San
Bernardino or in a nightclub in Florida
these events can hit anywhere a bicycle
path in New York a parade in Nice France
it doesn't have to be on a battlefield
thousands of miles away it can be
anywhere that you go
secondly always have a plan don't give
in to the terrorists don't be petrified
have a plan it's very easy when my
children were young if we went out we
went to the shopping mall we sat down at
a restaurant I play a game with them I
tell them look at this room look at this
building
how many interests entrances and exits
are there if you had to hide from
somebody who was shooting at you where
could you hide and what of the objects
that you could hide behind would
actually stop somebody using bullets or
would they simply hide you from sight
it sounds like playing hide and seek or
hide-and-go-seek is my American friends
say but it's far more serious and it
could save lives there's a very good
video out there by police agency here in
America that was funded by the
Department of Homeland Security and it
has a very simple threefold message if
you are involved in an active shooter
situation or terrorists have taken over
a locale such as a school or shopping
center or concert arena as we saw in
Manchester to be very very direct in the
options open to you
number one escape run the best thing you
can do because you're not a professional
there to save lives you're not armed
you're not wearing a badge just get away
from the attacker
fast as you can and take your loved ones
with you if that's not an option if you
physically cannot get away from the
scene of the attack then hide find a
place where you cannot be seen and try
to secure that location but lastly most
important of all fight if you can't
escape if you can't hide from side of
the attacker or attackers resist fight
evil even if it's with your just your
bare hands
fight back use whatever you find around
you it can be a fire extinguisher it can
be a bookcase that you crash on to the
person who's trying to attack you or
your family but resist it's amazing
how soon people lose their capacity to
hurt others when they see somebody is
prepared to resist so doesn't matter if
they're Sunni jihadis
as I talk about in my book or whether
it's somebody with no political or
religious motivation the advice is the
same walk through life aware of what is
going on train those around you to do
likewise and think of the three things
you must do escape
hide or fight if you must you may save
not only your life but the life and the
lives of others thank you for watching
the Gawker briefing if you liked this
video please check out the rebel media
YouTube channel follow me on Twitter at
Seb Gorka that's Seb g o RK a and share
these videos on Facebook and Twitter
because with your help we can push back
on the fake news industrial complex and
finally get the truth out god bless
