if we can shut down our schools we can
shut down everything aunty FFA's attempt
to a co-op the left-wing gun control
protests for an even more radical
left-wing cause it's not exactly the
most covert takeover
let's take a look remember it's going
down the ante fan news outlet that sells
buttons like hospitalized your local
fascist and no more presidents while
this Saturday the site is launching one
of the most cringeworthy propaganda
campaigns I've seen to convert gun
control student protesters into
full-blown and Tifa militants an
anonymous it's going down contributor
said many of us watched and cheered over
the last couple of days as students
broke through fences tore down an
American flag chanted against the police
showed resilience and solidarity when
the police attempted to arrest and
repress them now if you're a normal
person you might condemn this barbaric
fringe of an otherwise peaceful protest
but if you're a super edgy devilishly
creative and probably hopelessly
unemployed and useless member of society
you'll create propaganda to exploit this
radical element to further an ideology
that failed all across Europe last
century high schools are normalizing
barred windows surveillance cameras and
metal detectors in the hallways armed
cops and k9 units conducting random
routine searches and we're talking about
giving teachers handguns
these are the same pinheads who think
that instead of merely suspending them
teachers will just start shooting black
students as discipline but make sure you
don't mention the armed officer who
stopped the Maryland shooter that when
it quite fit the narrative now would it
here's another flyer from it's going
down what you can do
youth power a ball Shin patriarchy
abolishing whiteness abolishing police
and prisons abolishing Authority let's
face it school itself as violent and
oppressive okay the only kind of violent
schools I know are the ones with
corporal punishment and yeah kids
sometimes deserve to get beaten probably
a good half of an Tifa is just kids who
didn't get spanked enough as children as
for oppressive well that's probably
referring to those F son essays where
they try but fail to rationalize
communism ultimately the message from
one of the site's auntie feh advertises
on the flyer best
up the movement no against adult
supremacy haven't heard of that type of
supremacy before have you you see this
isn't about the system versus the people
or the oppressor versus the oppressed
this is about the mature grownups versus
the immature middle-class hipsters and
the kids they indoctrinate for campus
unmasked I'm Rob from Jacques if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe if something happens on your
campus and you'd like us to investigate
send us details these in the forum on
campus unmask calm
you
