another massive bill you have to pass to
know what's in it bunnies are under fire
and firearm videos make strange
bedfellows with scandalous websites all
of that today and more on the rebel buzz
on the heels of yet another busy news
week with a revolving door of staff
hiring and firing and resigning
Republicans in Congress have delivered
to the American people an omnibus
spending bill that stacks up to my knees
I love how conservatives are the most
conservative when they're not empowered
they bark and whine over spending and
debt and deficit and we all join them in
their thumb sucking fetal positions
until they are in power and we see that
they are all just the same seeking the
same universal political goal spending
money like they just won the lottery and
forgetting that we the people voted them
into office to cut spending now I am an
equal-opportunity criticize ER and this
spending bill is not resting well with
me but here's what's in the massive 2230
two-page omnibus bill which by the way
I'm against omnibus bills it groups
together way too much stuff and allows
the government to allocate funds to
areas that the American people did not
subscribe to or support but here's
what's in it
there is 1.7 billion dollars for
barriers at the border you know what
that translates to about 30 miles of
fencing which was approved in 2006
through the secure Fence Act it's
nothing new so don't cheer for that
there is also 78 billion dollars in
increased military spending which will
please supporters though not out
weighing the disappointment of three
glaring omissions which I will discuss
later the bill also includes measures to
strengthen the background check system
otherwise known as fix nix the National
instant check system there's another two
billion dollars in there to train school
officials and law enforcement so that's
good but the Gateway project will get
540 million dollars which is a project
to build a rail tunnel under the Hudson
River sounds like another California
Bridge to Nowhere project that's
unnecessary and frivolously ongoing the
spending bill will also fix some of the
mistakes in last year's tax cuts and
Jobs Act due to such rapid push through
on the part
the legislature Democrats were able to
get on board with the fix in exchange
for expand the tax credits for
low-income housing
what's notably missing from this bill
despite the Office of Management and
budgets insistence that it makes good on
promises made to the American people is
full funding for the border wall
defunding Planned Parenthood and the
ceasing of federal funds to sanctuary
states and cities make no mistake this
bill is the epitome of bloated
government with a mega spending problem
MasterCard thinks that I have a problem
but they don't have the US government as
a customer moving on second daughter
Charlotte pence clearly has the grace
and dignity that her parents so
beautifully exude she also is a
published author and humanitarian at the
ripe old age of 24 and wonder of wonder
wonders she's also a punching bag of the
left pence recently released her
children's book entitled Marlin bundles
day in the life of a vice president
which her dear mother illustrated the
proceeds from the book told from the
point of view of their pet bunny will go
to charities fighting human trafficking
and supporting art therapy but John
Oliver host of last week tonight on HBO
took the opportunity to poke fun at both
the book and Pence's fathers stance on
gay issues but in response pence offered
a remarkably classy response on Fox
Business saying I think imitation is the
most sincere form of flattery but in all
seriousness his book is contributing to
charities that I think we all can get
behind we have two books that are giving
money to charity and both are about
bunnies so I'm all for it by the way
John Oliver in an obvious dig to Vice
President Mike Pence is donating the
proceeds of his book to LGBT youth and
AIDS prevention and in another very
gracious move Charlotte pence bought
John Oliver's butchered satirize version
of her own book saying it doesn't have
to be divisive we can all come together
over Marlin unlike Oliver she's clearly
been raised right morally and
politically okay guess we're the last
refuge for gun enthusiasts is no it's
not youtube its pornhub I'm not kidding
YouTube the bastion of
kurta cracy and basher a free-speech has
announced that they will be placing more
restrictions on videos pertaining to
guns this predictably and understandably
has outraged firearm enthusiasts like
myself beginning in April YouTube says
the changes expand on existing policies
a spokesperson for the company said we
routinely make updates and adjustments
to our enforcement guidelines across all
of our policies while we've long
prohibited the sale of firearms we
recently notified creators of updates we
will be making around content promoting
the sale or manufacture of firearms and
their accessories specifically items
like ammunition Gatling triggers and
drop-in auto Sears now I just bought a
holster last year that I found a video
for when I went down a long youtube
rabbit hole you know how that happens
you go to watch a video review of
something a 9-millimeter and three hours
later it's 5:00 a.m. you've had two pots
of coffee and your eyes look like you've
been on a 10-day bender but I guess that
won't be happening anymore and since I'm
not a porn watching kind of gal I guess
I'll have to resort to bouncing all over
the light web saving tabs switching
pages and getting so utterly lost and
incapable of finding my original page
that I wanted to buy something from that
I just throw my hands up in the air and
give up no I will say for most people a
porn website might seem like a logical
place to also get your gun fix I know a
lot of people who get just as excited
about watching videos of someone firing
off a 357 Magnum as they do someone
firing off I don't know where I was
going with that but you get the point
welcome to the new era of digitally
censoring firearm fanatics we are a
prolific breeds that they better be
careful we're the ones who are fully
loaded thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
