earlier this year we reported that the
Trudeau Liberals were going ahead with a
draconian demand stating that any group
applying for a grant via the Canada
summer jobs program would have to sign a
pledge stating they support liberal
values including abortion well it turns
out various groups across the country
that have a refuse to acquiesce to these
demands are now facing a cash crisis
incredibly the Liberals have managed to
do the improbable they've actually
politicized the summertime job and in
the process they're penalizing those
charitable groups that happen to
subscribe to a different value set so
much for diversity is our strength I
suppose in fact a recent story in the
National Post reveals that after being
defunded for refusing to agree with the
Liberals so-called core mandate values
millions of dollars are being forfeited
due to exclusion from the Canada summer
jobs program as a result some
organizations are preparing urgent
fundraising campaigns for example the
Post story note set for the Catholic
Archdiocese of Toronto alone the impact
on their nearly 30 parishes and
charities totals 1.1 million dollars in
grant applications this is all due to
the Liberals effectively changing the
rules of the game in the bottom of the
ninth inning which is to say in a case
of over-the-top virtue signaling the
Liberals have demanded that any group
applying for a grant under the Canada
summer jobs program must sign a pledge
agreeing to subscribe to all of the
values this particular Liberal
government embraces and if a group has a
differing opinion well guess what to
paraphrase the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld
this liberal government will simply
proclaim no grant money for you hey it's
right there in writing just check out
the eligibility requirements quote to be
eligible for a grant the core mandate of
the organization must respect individual
human rights in Canada including the
values underlining the Canadian Charter
of Rights and Freedoms as well as other
rights
these include reproductive rights and
the right to be free from discrimination
on the basis of sex religion race
national or ethnic origin color mental
or physical disability sexual
orientation or gender identity or
expression end quote the most
contentious issue is the proviso
regarding reproductive rights
simply put the liberals want all hiring
organizations to pledge that they are
pro-choice if an organization isn't
pro-abortion and doesn't sign the
agreement that it shall automatically be
denied funding so much for freedom of
expression so much for agreeing to
disagree meanwhile other groups are
being cut off to including various youth
for christ chapters across Canada the
Toronto City Mission which runs day
camps and impoverished neighborhoods and
the Mill Bay Baptist Church on Vancouver
Island which used grant money last year
to hire a First Nation student and
although one anti-abortion group did
file a federal court challenge in
January there's been no indication to
date that the Liberals will alter their
position indeed the House of Commons
voted 207 to 93 earlier this week to
defeat a conservative motion amending
that summer jobs program with respect to
abortion and transgenderism so my hunch
is that this battle will go all the way
to the Supreme Court it will cost
millions and it will take years and in
the process it will unnecessarily divide
Canadians oh and here's another
prediction I'm betting that in the next
federal election the Liberals are going
to paint the Conservatives as being
against a woman's right to choose and
that they are transphobic based on that
failed motion this week but in the final
analysis this bully pulpit position
taken by the Liberals simply makes no
sense after all isn't such an edict
unconstitutional to begin with in other
words a government that administers any
kind of grant program is fully within
its rights to expect all would-be
recipients to follow the law of the land
but Canada has no law and abortion
something that's been the status quo for
decades if the Liberals are really so
pro-choice and care so deeply about this
particular issue then why not do the
right thing and address this contentious
issue by drafting an abortion law in
Parliament
or perhaps they would rather not do the
heavy lifting on this file deciding
instead to penalize certain people of
faith for ostensibly breaking a law that
does not exist that is both shameful and
devious or when it comes to the Trudeau
liberals par for the course for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's I'd
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
