Vancouver was the first Canadian city to
snub FIFA and it came as somewhat of a
shock after all when Vancouver hosted
the woman's world cup of soccer in 2015
it was considered a success story that
was evidenced by that city's 99% hotel
occupancy rate during the tournament but
that was then and this is now and
frankly cow telling to FIFA in order to
snag a game or two in the men's 2026
World Cup means that it is local
taxpayers not the FIFA pooh-bahs that
must take on all the risks and
apparently those onerous risks just
aren't worth the potential rewards
indeed in a Victoria Times colonist
article the BC government noted that due
to FIFA's conditions it was impossible
for the government to come to an
agreement with the bid committee said BC
Tourism Minister Lisa Bair quote there's
very large concerns with the bid one of
them being with FIFA to unilaterally
change the stadium agreement at any
point that adds unknown costs and
unknown risks to the BC taxpayers end
quote whoa stop the clock
am I dreaming or something that I just
hear a minister or the provincial NDP
government actually show some concern
about a potential financial risk to the
taxpayer I I think I'm about to pass out
but Minister bear is right given that
FIFA's demands are normally egregious
they might even be immoral and illegal
for example FIFA wants a tax exemption
from host governments and it also wants
host governments to assume full
financial responsibility including 100
percent of the costs and that's for the
World Cup and all its related events oh
and check out this doozy FIFA wants
world cup workers to be exempt from
local labor laws yeah that's right FIFA
actually believes that it's above the
law of the land
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
