a potential Muslim terror attack at a
Broward County Sheriff's Office
substation and no one in the media is
talking about it a few days ago right
here in Broward County Florida more
problems for the Broward County
Sheriff's Office under sheriff Scott
Israel a woman drove a vehicle
reportedly filled with accelerant into a
Broward County Sheriff's Office
substation in an area called Pembroke
Park an area just a little bit southwest
of where I'm sitting in my studio about
20 minutes southwest now i've previously
brought you stories about how much
radical Islamic terror activity there is
here in South Florida right here in
Broward County it's a hotbed we have
activity in in West in Palm Beach County
in miami-dade County let me read you
portions of the Facebook post from the
Broward County Sheriff's Office about
this incident
it says driver facing arson driver
facing arson charge Halloween crash into
BSO office a West Park woman who crashed
into a Broward Sheriff's Office building
is facing charges of arson and burglary
lasondra johnson drove into the South
Broward district office on Monday with
accelerants in her car no accelerants
are chemicals used to make a fire spread
faster and burn hotter they're tools
used by arsonists so that raised my
suspicion a disturbed person or a drunk
person our person who lost control of
their vehicle and maybe they faked it or
maybe they had a medical problem that
caused their car to go off the road into
the Broward County Sheriff's Office
substation well they probably wouldn't
have accelerants in their car so I
started looking into lasondra Johnson
and guess what I found
Sandra Johnson is a member of the
Islamic center of South Florida lasondra
Johnson's Facebook page has pictures of
her and he he's job she's a devout
Muslim in the Islamic center of South
Florida is a radical mosque a radical
Islamic Center we're gonna get more into
that a little bit later this goes on to
say at 11:26 a.m. March 19th
Johnson crashed Toyota Camry into the
community service room into the
community service room the room where
people would be congregating at BSO's
Broward County Sheriff's Office South
Broward office at 3201 West Hallandale
Beach Boulevard Pembroke Park Florida
following impact of fire erupted from
the core now what this says to me is
that she tried to make an impromptu car
bomb a radical Muslim from a radical
mosque tried to create an ad hoc and
improvised actually it's an ie D an
improvised explosive device she was
improvising with accelerant hoping the
crash would cause everything to explode
so this is an IE D and its purest form a
worker who was painting inside the
office helped Johnson out of the car
Broward sheriff Fire Rescue also
responded and transported her to
Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood
where she remains hospitalized a BSO
employee who hurt herself while
evacuating was also taken to the same
hospital the investigation is the part
that bothers me by BSO's Violent Crimes
Unit continues why is Broward County
Sheriff Scott Israel not calling this
what it most likely is what it surely
looks like in radical Islamic terror
attack and a successful a successful
radical Islamic terror attack this
person well let's say presumably a
radical Islamic terror attack this
person was able to get in the vehicle
was able to fill the vehicle with
accelerants was able to get to the BSO
substation was able to drive into the
BSO substation was able to set the car
on fire luckily her ie D didn't work to
its full intended potential that's the
only part of this that failed the only
part of this that failed was that the
bomb didn't go off
as violently
as as mass fatally as clearly intended
now why again is the Broward County
Sheriff's Office sanitizing this
narrative why is the Broward County
Sheriff's Office trying to tell us that
this is a violent crime why is the
Broward County Sheriff's Office trying
to investigate this as a local police
incident but more disturbingly why am I
the only one talking about them radical
Islam angle why am I the only one in the
media bringing that up the only one
tweeting about it the only one talking
about it well we're gonna get into that
we're gonna go much deeper with Joe
Kaufman radical Islamic terror expert
based right here in South Florida
he's a storehouse of information on my
longer show my one-hour show
off-the-cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel this is very very
important content and I want to bring it
to you every day so help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
WWWE a forward slash shows you're
already a subscriber thank you very very
much and this story this story tells you
the need to go to fire Scott Israel comm
and sign our petition the Broward County
Sheriff's Office has no leadership
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel is
incompetent and ineffective please sign
our petition at fire Scott is real calm
also go to your App Store download the
rebel app and as always please do all
those things and if you've done any of
those things thank you very much thank
you so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
