hi everybody I'm Amanda head thanks so
much for watching and yes I am wearing a
scarf because it is flippin cold here in
Southern California and rainy too and
I'm not used to it but anyway folks this
is why you shouldn't take those stupid
quizzes on Facebook I'm sorry but no one
cares what kind of bear your spirit bear
is or what flavor you would be if you
were a cupcake read a damn book I know
it's tempting but you have no idea how
much data is accessible when you click
on your screen where it says this will
allow app to access your contact and
data and allow results to post to your
timeline finding out which zodiac sign
the future love of your life is is not
worth it
trust me you're better off single even
if you end up growing old alone with 16
cats and a cabinet full of arthritis and
hemorrhoid cream although that
hemorrhoid cream might come in handy
when Facebook violates your terms of
privacy but basically the whole Facebook
data situation is this this is why
everybody's in an uproar Obama's
campaign constructed a database using
the same Facebook developer tool that
was used by Cambridge analytic enone as
the social graph API so it's the same
tool that mainstream media is going
absolutely berserk over Cambridge
analytical using for the Trump campaign
except that Obama's team used it to a
much much greater degree than the Trump
campaign and this idiot former staffer
details it on Twitter for all of the
world to see one could only assume that
she's bragging about it like a moron and
now we know just how much data they were
able to steal Carol Davidson the former
Obama campaign staffer in charge of the
data mining tweeted on Sunday Facebook
was surprised we were able to suck out
the social media graft but they didn't
stop us once they realized that was what
we were doing so why is it okay with
Mark Zuckerberg and all of his Facebook
cronies that Obama did it and not okay
that Trump and his staff did it well as
this Obama campaign staffer admitted
Facebook wanted Obama to win shocker so
basically a Facebook is in favor of what
you're doing or selling or post
don't just look the other way and I'm
not speculating here it's not conjecture
Davidson admitted that Facebook was
candid with them and revealed that they
allowed the Obama campaign to do things
it wouldn't have allowed someone from
the opposing side to get away with Wow
it's like bragging about your teacher
having a soft spot for you and giving
you a good grade until the school board
finds out and he's given the boot you're
not so cool now are you so what do you
guys think are you ready to dump
Facebook I'm tempted I'm not quite there
yet but I will admit I have been very
tempted over the years let us know in
the comments thanks so much for watching
I'm Amy and a head for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.gfi.com/webmonitor one little easy
click and you will have access to all of
our latest videos and your favorite
rebel shows thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel
