newly minted Progressive Conservative
leader Doug Ford took to the stage of
the Toronto Congress center with two
messages first that the PC party is
united under his leadership two
proverbial proof in the pudding being
the photo-op in which Ford posed with
those who were his leadership opponents
just a few weeks ago and there was a
second message one that was delivered
squarely at Premier Kathleen Wynne the
party where the taxpayers money is over
well they say a month or two can make
for an eternity in politics we know this
is surely true given what's happened in
Ontario in just eight short weeks in
late January Patrick Brown was the PC
leader and seemingly destined to become
premier but beneath Browns veneer there
were troubling signs it became
increasingly clear that this man was
liberal light he was weak and he was
clearly a conservative in name only
alienating social fiscal and democratic
conservatives many of a whom vowed to
stay home on Election Day and let's not
sugarcoat the obvious here being
truthful was a stretch goal for Brown he
courted the support of social
conservatives while campaigning for
leadership only do throw them under the
bus when he became leader he claimed he
was all about the grass roots only to
steamroll over local nomination writing
Association processes with his preferred
selection of candidates he then went on
to champion what he once campaigned
against namely a carbon tax
indeed when he announced his support for
that tax at the PC Annual General
Meeting you could have heard a pin drop
given the stunned silence from the PC
rank-and-file granted Browns fall from
grace amid the unproven sexual
misconduct allegations might have been
unfair but the PC party's decision to
jettison such a backstabbing weakling is
clearly the best thing that could have
happened
that party indeed compared to a Patrick
Brown snoozefest event the Doug Ford
unity event last Monday felt like a rock
concert
Ford stepped up to the podium to the
tune of survivors eye of the tiger and
when he was done his exit music was
Twisted Sisters we're not going to take
it and for the thousands of Ford fans in
the crowd pandemonium took lease now
earlier that same day
premier Wynne had made a throne speech
once again promising the moon and
disregarding the very notion of a
balanced budget but Ford applied that
win was merely wasting everyone's time
with such pronouncements today Kathleen
wrote a lot of checks with the taxpayers
bank account
my friends we all know the finances of
this province and I can tell you all
those checks are gonna end up bouncing
as well while the PC party in the last
several weeks seemingly resembled a
dumpster fire amidst all the turmoil
that was then and this is now and Ford
noted that the phoenix-like rise of the
PC party is going to make for many
sleepless nights for the opposition
Liberal and NDP parties they are
terrified when they see a united party
like the PC party my friends I can tell
you now that we are united and the
Liberals know we have the United PC
Party that is their worst nightmare even
so there's still work to be done in a
very compressed time frame this includes
the drafting of a formal platform for
the upcoming election campaign and
hopefully Ford will revisit those
nomination writings in which candidates
were alleged to have used fraudulent
measures in order to win cheaters
should not and cannot be rewarded and
there are probably about a dozen or so
writings that require a redo but in the
final analysis Monday made for the
celebration Doug Ford never got to enjoy
at the PC Party leadership convention
earlier this month and Markham this was
due to the final voting results being
formally challenged by Christine
Elliot's camp as such the convention
came to an ambiguous end there was no
balloon drop for Ford
there was no confetti explosion there
was no photo-op or victory lap but
Monday celebration at the Toronto
Congress center corrected that slight
and for the frenzied Ford fans in
attendance who euphoric ly chanted dug
dug dug it was all a matter of better
justice delayed than justice denied for
the rebel media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies
hey folks have you heard the rebel has a
brand new app please download the app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
