so you Kip is not in the best of health
after achieving for almost 4 million
votes in the 2015 election the party
started unraveling at the seams
especially after its successes in the
brexit referendum and with no plans to
rebuild the party and focus on a new
direction post brexit along with a
series of disastrous leadership
elections and resignations the party
suddenly felt found itself aimless it
had no purpose and certainly nobody
charismatic enough to replace Nigel
Faraj but in 2017 Paul natl did his very
best for our impression in the stoke
by-election wearing all tweed and a flat
cap attempting to win over traditionally
working-class labour and BMP voters and
it failed in an easily winnable election
they came second they came second to a
man with the name Gareth Snell
yeah he's as miserable pointless and
uninspiring as he sounds and then when
the 2017 general election came things
just got worse you kid went from 4
million votes to just some just 600k I
mean that's about the same as the BNP in
2010 it's quite a sizable chunk
well nothing compared to their form of
successes and in fact the local council
elections held on the same day better
indicated you get spiked they lost
nearly every single council seat they
were defending and why well I suspect
it's a combination of a few things first
of all obviously breaks it was a done
deal in the eyes of the voters maybe it
isn't now especially given Teresa made
backtracking on a lot of promises but at
least it was last year people voted Tory
to ensure breaks at a new Kip's job was
just seen as done but I also think it
comes down to you Kipps inability to
appeal to the working class outside of
the European Union issue when the BNP
collapsed after 2010 a party with racist
roots but which attracted a lot of
working-class voters concerned about
immigration there was a huge gap in the
market for Yuka to sweep up all those
voters and plenty of working-class non
voters to with a non racist alternative
but they didn't you Kipp has simply been
too shaky on the NHS a big sticking
point and that often seen as a second
Conservative Party there's just
interested in protecting business now
true or not I believe that's how it's
perceived by a great deal of
working-class voters across the country
and by avoiding issues like Islamization
which resulted in you keep leadership
going Amory waters and her supporters
racists and that
these they lost the opportunity to build
a new voter base from those who are
worried about his lamas ation
multiculturalism and immigration a lot
of people and now it's not just PR
issues and lack of voter appeal that's
going to take the party down it seems
it's a court case and it looks like it
could send the party into bankruptcy
you keep MEP Jane Cohen's who was dead
set against seeing the party become
counted jihad in the 2017 leadership
election he's lumping the party with a
legal bill of 175 K for the part it
played in the libel action that involved
three Labour MPs before the 2015
election she claimed in a speech that
Labour MPs John Healy Kevin berry and
Sarah champion ignored child abuse in
Rotherham the court case itself is
appalling Cohen's has to pay 600 K in
costs and damages for saying something
that voters of batch he was just saying
for years Labour MPs said nothing about
what was going on in Rotherham and it
was hardly a secret their constituents
knew what was happening
but regardless three MP is one the case
somehow when until now it was uncertain
whether Cohen's would be required to pay
the full costs or if you kit will be
responsible for any of it and with the
judge setting costs at 175 K for the
party you kid now has two weeks to find
the money that might not have been a
problem two or three years ago but after
the disastrous election of Henry Bolton
who was recently ousted as leader
following his relationship with a woman
who made racist slurs you Kipp isn't
exactly flush not only did they have to
fork out for the election to replace
Paul Nuttall which took many months and
required the hiring of a huge venue and
many staff but they also had to pay for
an extraordinary general meeting to
confirm the sacking of Bolton and now
they have to pay for a new election to
replace interim leader Gerald batten and
somehow they have to do that with
plummeting donations according to the
Electoral Commission in the last quarter
of 2017 you get received around 203 K in
reported donations now that really isn't
much for party with such huge expenses
the party simply doesn't have the money
to pay the bills an interim party leader
Jared batten admitted as much during a
meeting in Essex when he said that the
party needs to raise a hundred K before
the end of March or risk going bust
and who knows back then if he was even
taking into account he expected 175 K
legal costs this poses two big problems
for you Kip
first of all there's the obvious issue
of bankruptcy if they can't pay they
will be forced to go bankrupt but
nominations for candidates to stand in
local elections closed on the 6th of
April that's not far away the only make
the party struggle to pay for candidates
to even stand in campaign perhaps
they'll be paying for themselves or
something but the law isn't particularly
clear on whether parties that are on the
brink of insolvency can even put
candidates forward there's been an
exodus of UK members you get members of
European Parliament and council is over
the last couple years the party lost
almost all its defended seats in 2017
and now they may not be able to even put
forward candidates in the upcoming
council elections and if they do well
who knows if they'll even successfully
defend one seat without a clear
direction the party is going to struggle
to have any electoral impact and if the
polls are anything to go by the voters
aren't seeing a clear direction for the
party or much reason to vote for them
the party is struggling to achieve much
more than 3% in national polls that's
disastrous for such a former Titan of
British politics if you could want to
turn this around they'll need a clearer
direction they'll need to appeal to
working-class voters with honest
policies about the issues that affect
their communities this includes
multiculturalism extremism in Islam
grooming and immigration without that
they've lost their base but even with a
clearer direction it looks like finances
could trigger the collapse of one of the
most successful political parties in
Britain and with it
create the biggest rise and fall of a
political movement in this country's
history watch me and the rest of rebel
on our brand new rebel app which is
available now on the Apple App Store and
the Google Play Store
you
