dear you I just spent some time in a
hospice visiting a friend she's just
like you or me except she's dying and
she knows it so there's a few things I
wanted to share with you well we've got
a bit of time as comfy as my friend
looks in her clever bed with its remote
control no one in a hospice actually
wants to be there
given the choice she'd much rather be
out here with us deciding what to get
fatigued chatting about nothing in
particular or finding a special thing in
a second-hand store and realizing it's
perfect you and I don't even notice
these little moments as they pass by
maybe we even resent some of the time
wasted but as it turns out these little
moments are the things of life that keep
us splendidly sane untethered from all
the mundane realities of each day we
somehow become lost the people in the
hospice seem all at sea without them
waiting to be rescued by a boat that
will never come maybe you don't notice
the small stuff because you have so many
big things to worry about
perhaps you wake up and worry the first
moments of your day filled with fear
over the bad things that might happen to
you what's gonna happen if I stuff up or
does he want to see me for can I do this
on my own
what's gonna happen if I suspect that if
you sit and write all these big worries
out on paper some of them aren't really
that big at all you could take the paper
and put it in the bin along with the
worries that it represents and choose to
think about them later or maybe not at
all or hold them up against life in the
hospice and suddenly realize how very
small they are foolish even we're often
told that everything will be all right
in the end
and if it's not all right then it's not
the end and we'd do well to remember
this but perhaps most of all you should
remind yourself that you are a brilliant
thing chances are your legs can still
take you places your fingers can text
words as fast as you can think them your
brain talk make a cup of tea and
remember something important all at the
same time your body with all its dents
and scratches is a damn awesome
Shean whatever its state of repair and
whilst you're marveling at what your
body can do remember that you are strong
as a person too
why listen to those people who try to
put you down did you ever really look up
to them in the first place an unkind dig
in place of a compliment a dirty look
instead of a smile these things of a
mess of someone else is making let them
own that stuff you can do things you do
matter
you're quiet kindness does count people
appreciate you whether they acknowledge
it or not whether or not you stop to
properly listen when they tell you you
know winning might not be about being
first across the finish line or taking
home the most pay or a fancy picture
where you look nice I can guarantee it's
not about clicks or followers online
winning might be the cumulative effect
of putting on a wash reading something
lovely or dancing naked in your kitchen
these things anchor us to real life when
the big stuff in life seems too much to
handle it's the little things that keep
us moving forward until we can build up
the courage to achieve something bigger
one day there's life nears its end and
perhaps a hospice becomes your home it's
the so called mundane moments of life
that we will feel most keenly and that
we will miss most of all live your best
day let's go you good things go love
Katy
