if you're a conservative woman you are
more likely to be trashed it'd be
ridicule for how you look for your
makeup for your hair for your clothes
then if you were and particularly if you
work for the Trump administration but if
you are a woman in democratic politics
you know and I think when we talk about
2017 things you hear of the woman and
the idea of how we empower women in the
workplace wherever they are this is
Women's History Month as well we need to
be very fair-minded and I would expect
the feminists the women behind the
women's March to come out in defensive
of Sarah Huckabee Sanders as they would
come out in defense of any other
progressive woman in politics
unfortunately we're waiting we haven't
seen anyone from out yet and it's sad
yeah you know I've seen studies on abuse
on Twitter and this is where Jim Carrey
posted his painting that conservatives
are by far more targeted for online
abuse than Democrats are and I think
it's so the Democrats are quick to rush
to tattle or to complain or play the
victim so I I think that conservative
women like Dana Loesch for example of
the NRA is another example of a woman
who's just brutally insulted our own
Candace Malcolm actual death threats I
think the reason we hear it so much on
the other side is that the moment
there's an offense taken by the left
they're quick to play the identity card
I'm a woman I'm a minority I'm gay I'm
this I'm that and you're being mean to
me I think that they rush to play the
mean card quickly I'm not sure if I want
conservatives to do that but but it's
certainly a lopsided is now it is you
know as a black female conservative
immigrant you can imagine that when I'm
on MSNBC you know the twitter twitter
blows up calling me the most vicious
disgusting attacks you know I think
conservative women who are on Twitter
and who are very often the target of
this it's real recognize hey if you
disagree with me on substantive policy
issues let's have that discussion let's
have that
conversation I want to hear from you so
I can learn from you but it's when it's
very personal when it's about your looks
or your hair what it's about you know
things that you want to do to a woman I
mean it's it's distasteful and I wish I
wish that that that all Twitter users
would rally around those who are the
targets of this type of rhetoric online
rather than just being picking pickers
and choosers of it you know III heart
goes out to all of those women like as
you mentioned dana loesch women who are
standing up for what they believe in
trying to fight for women to have rights
whether that's the second your two-way
race or your First Amendment rights to
see that they are that they face them
you know potential people coming after
them to kill them or physically harm
them it's absolutely wrong and I I will
say though that there's a tremendous
groundswell of support on Twitter from
conservative and right-wing folks oh
well we'll come back and say hey wait a
minute you are totally wrong about this
and call them out I just wish that it
wasn't so long sighted that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
