citizens in the world's deadliest
country are abandoning gun control where
do you think that is I'm gonna tell you
citizens in Brazil are abandoning gun
control Brazil is the most deadly nation
in terms of murders in the developed
world Brazil is the most deadly nation
it appears in the world
despite having a population only
two-thirds that of the US brazil's
population currently is estimated to be
around 207 million whereas the US around
330 million so their population is more
than a third less than ours brazil sees
somewhere in the neighborhood of sixty
thousand murders yearly sixty thousand
murders yearly as opposed to the united
states seeing about fifteen thousand
homicides yearly actually a little less
over the last couple of years four times
the amount of murders as the united
states liberals will never tell you that
story they'll tell you places like
brazil are these safe utopias four times
the amount of murders as the united
states despite having more than
one-third less population that makes
sense it's like having less than
two-thirds of our populations probably a
better way to phrase that and citizens
there are abandoning gun control here
from Bloomberg politics in the world's
most murderous country gun control is
starting to lose its appeal
holls no support for gun ownership
gaining ground well of course they do
the most basic the most basic core human
instinct is survival the most basic core
human instinct nothing else even comes
close we look for shelter we look for
food we look for water we look for fire
we protect our selves we engage in
self-defense for one purpose survival
when you go to the supermarket in your
Mercedes and the woman in front of you
come out of her BMW and out of her Louis
Vuitton handbag she takes her very
expensive wallet and her American
Express black card and pays for
groceries despite all the wealth the
core reason that woman is doing that is
survival you have to eat to live the
most basic human instinct is survival
Brazil is proof positive people there no
longer want to be disarmed the article
goes on to say one of the candidates
leading the field for October 2018
presidential election hardline
conservative jate bolson ro but that
right has promised to allow law-abiding
citizens to arm themselves a popular
pledge in a nation with by far the most
homicides we guessed it of the entire
world most homicides in the world 60,000
murders yearly that's more than Mexico I
think Mexico has around 47,000 this is
this is mind blow
it goes on to say even before then there
Congress was about to debate legislation
to overturn the disarmament statute a
law that effectively bans civilian gun
ownership now there was a quote from a
guy named Roger Rio I hope I get his
name right Virgie reopening ha madoka
this is the legislature the Brazilian
legislature behind this proposal and he
said quote every day everywhere you look
the criminal is armed with a
high-powered weapon as the citizen tries
to hide why does it take a Brazilian
politician and have far more common
sense than American liberals why does it
take a Brazilian politician to have far
more common sense liberals here are
still harping on gun control yet
yesterday I came across a story that the
United States Navy is sending Korman is
sending medics you know where they're
sending medics to train emergency rooms
in Chicago because it simulates a
battlefield experience like no other
training they've gone through think
about that think about that Illinois up
until very recently had draconian gun
control and still very difficult to go
through the process in the state of
Illinois Chicago had some of the most
rakonin gun control in the world not
just the United States in the world
their murder rates were off the charts
you know why illegal guns used primarily
and predominantly by black gangs
black-on-black murder done with illegal
guns 90 some odd percent of the murders
black-on-black last that I saw from
Chicago PD was 99.999 some odd percent
of the guns used for illegal same back
when I worked in NYPD's it's a miniscule
fraction of 1% that legal guns are used
in crimes now that's a stat that the
left doesn't give you the left they'll
say well illegal guns legal guns are
used in this many shootings what they
don't tell you about the stats they're
giving you is that they're factoring in
justified self-defense and justified
police shootings yeah they're lying to
you about that they're lying to you
about that so a hundred a subset of a
hundred justifiable uses of firearms or
or or murders or shootings with legal
guns I should say 99 plus are typically
justified that's how the stats have
broken down
since I've been looking at these numbers
over the last 20 plus years now
support in Brazil is growing I've got
the numbers in front of me and I'm gonna
give you all of those numbers on my
longer show off-the-cuff Declassified
today right here on the rebel this is
really important content I'm gonna bring
it to you every day so help me keep
doing that by subscribing to our premium
service at www.therosarycollection.org
