the social safety net that Canada's most
vulnerable people rely upon is being
crushed by refugee claimants to Canada
and here these open borders activists
told me that mass immigration to Canada
would be good for the economy
remember when Donald Trump signed his
so-called immigration ban and then
everybody just completely lost their
minds it was an executive order that the
administration said was a necessary step
to stop radical Islamic terrorists from
coming into the United States when the
Trump administration was really trying
to do is just pump the brakes a little
on travel to and from broken lawless or
subversive countries like Somalia or
Iran so that immigration officials could
sort out who was one of the good guys
and who is a bad guy it seems pretty
fair now this crackdown on illegal
immigration and a refugee re-examination
prompted a mass exodus of people who
were living illegally in the United
States to cross the Canadian border
these people knew they would be returned
to their countries of origin so they ran
north and claimed refugee status here
and of course the RCMP carried their
bags across the border for them you
can't claim refugee status from the
United States it's not the law and it's
crazy the United States is the freest
country on the planet but Trudeau's
liberals are ignoring the law and are
doing nothing to deter the flood of
illegal migration across our southern
border this whole mess of course is
causing pressure on Canada's social
safety net and now we know just how much
Reuters is blaming Trump for the
pressure on Canada's welfare system but
they aren't alone in the blame Trump
game no the Guardian said that
uncertainty caused by Trump's policies
pushed asylum seekers to take risky
routes into Canada and then they cited
the case of two men from Ghana who lost
several fingers to frostbite crossing
the border into Manitoba but it wasn't
Trump's policies that spurred people to
fled from the United States into Canada
it was Justin Trudeau's sheer stupidity
and his adolescent attention-seeking
remember when our slow-witted $10 of a
prime minister thought he'd positioned
himself as the anti-trump and response
to Donald Trump's visa and immigration
ban Trudeau tweeted to those fleeing
persecution terror and war Canadians
will welcome you regardless of your
faith diversity is our strength
hashtag welcome to Canada Trudeau also
posted a picture of himself in French
welcoming a Syrian girl into the country
Mayor of Toronto John Tory also said we
understand that as Canadians we are
almost all immigrants and that no one
should be excluded on the basis of their
ethnicity or nationality except no one
was excluded on the basis of their
ethnicity or nationality they were
excluded because they could not be
properly verified because they were
coming from failed States
anyway it was teenage level trolling of
Canada's largest trading partner and our
greatest military ally by the prime
minister and the mayor of Toronto
moronic if only just on a diplomatic
level but now Toronto is being mugged by
reality in that same Reuters article you
will find the truth 31% of people
sleeping in city rent shelters in
January were refugee claimants to Canada
up from nearly 19% the year before all
of this left Toronto booking hotel rooms
for refugee claimants to house them
through to the end of 2018 at a cost of
20 million dollars to Toronto City
taxpayers these days though John Tory's
not so sure he should have welcomed
everybody with open arms just to suck up
to our dim-witted prime minister Tory
says now that he cannot take care of the
refugees coming to Toronto without the
support of other levels of government
and his spokesperson Don peat said that
he has raised the issue with the federal
government repeatedly and the federal
government says that it will not give
cities any more money for asylum seekers
so the burden for these asylum seekers
welcomed here by the federal government
and justin trudeau will fall upon the
city's who do not have access to anymore
federal funds which means in the end it
will fall upon municipal taxpayers to
pay for the stupid tweets of Canada's
Prime Minister all refugee claimants to
Canada are supposed to be processed
within 60 days but if you go on to the
refugee processing website just to get a
first refugee assessment it now takes up
to 15 months
what this means is the fake refugee
claimants fleeing their illegal status
in the United States are waiting in a
queue designed to help legitimate
refugees these lawless migrants are
hurting not just the Canadian taxpayer
but real refugees the very people the
system is designed to help it's hardly
compassionate at all when you put it
that way but there's one other group of
people that they're actually hurting
that nobody seems to be talking about
and that is the Canadian homeless
Canada's homeless who are over
represented by veterans and First
Nations are now competing for the same
scarce resources with people who broke
the law to enter into our country
according to last year's federal
homelessness count indigenous people
long over-represented among the homeless
were 9 times more likely to be homeless
than non-indigenous Canadians veterans
comprised about 5 percent of the
homeless twice their proportion in the
general population and a study done by
the province of Alberta estimates that
it costs about $100,000 a year to deal
with a chronically homeless person it's
probably much higher now three years
after that study was done but it is a
good base number to demonstrate the
burden that lack of integration and
illegal immigration puts on the
homelessness supports in our system last
year Montreal was housing Haitian
refugee claimants at Olympic Stadium
even as their own government ministers
flew up from Haiti to check on their
welfare by the way you are not a real
refugee if your government is concerned
about your welfare and this is only
going to get worse and the cost to
Canada as the weather warms up will
increase as well and the moral of the
story
here is that you need to be careful what
you tweet for because you just might get
it for the rebel media I'm Shiela gun
Reid did you know that I have my own
weekly full-length show here at the
rebel it's aptly called a gun show and
we talk about issues facing Canadian
families to get access to my show and
the rest of our incredible premium
content become a rebel subscriber today
you
