what is it about visiting India these
days that makes politicians turn into
such colossal fools first we had Justin
Trudeau doing that mr. dressup shtick
and now apparently it's Hillary
Clinton's turn in front of a somewhat
baffled audience
she said the real reason she lost the
u.s. election to Donald Trump was due to
white woman being told by their husbands
and even their bosses that they had to
vote for Trump seriously here's what
Clinton said on an Indian talk show
Democrats going back to my husband even
before but just in recent times going
back to Bill and and and our candidates
and then President Obama have been
losing the white vote including white
women we do not do well with white men
and we don't do well with married white
women and part of that is a an
identification with the Republican Party
and a sort of ongoing pressure to vote
the way that your husband your boss your
son whoever believes you should Wow
where does one even begin with more on
Hillary's latest inanity as our us-based
rebel Jon Cardillo welcome to rebel
roundup John hey David isn't she
Pleasant she's just like that kindly
grandmother that yet nobody we white
women can't do anything unless their
husbands
tell them to she's just I'm afraid like
little children are running and fear and
screaming and leaving the room it's just
terrible
this is horrible she also said that that
Republicans should really did
Republicans don't want african-americans
or Hispanics to have jobs food and like
she was gonna go for like Christmas
presents and trips to Disney World as
well I think I mean that was really that
was embarrassing not just Hillary
Clinton but for the United States it was
embarrassing John it was baffling in
this whole business about white woman
being dominated by males in their life I
mean
is Hillary talking about the 2016
election or is she reciting I don't know
a plot point from the Stepford Wives
yeah it's like you know they the
Democrats don't do well with married
white women but they do well with women
in sham marriages like me that's what
you should have said you know forty or
philandering sham marriages there are
girls I mean there was it just
ridiculous like you said where do you
even begin you know John I think of all
the woman in my life and they're very
strong people and they're they're people
that don't take orders from anyone and
if I were I mean if I went to my wife
even if we were aligned politically on
the same rail and we are but if I ever
had the audacity to say now listen dear
here's who you're gonna vote for she
would probably vote the other way just
to spite me for having the audacity to
say something like that
this is just incredible my mother when
she heard this my mother said I'm 71
years old nobody ever told me how to I
tell people how to vote I mean people
are upset about this women are upset
about this when white women will only
vote the way their husbands tell them to
I just wonder if Hillary Clinton truly
believes this I mean did those same
husbands tell Hillary not to campaign
and Wisconsin Michigan and Pennsylvania
and they tell Hillary to be the most
unlikable candidate in presidential
history hey that was an excerpt from my
show rebel roundup where we discussed
the week's top stories with your
favorite rebels to see my show and more
sign up to become a Premium Member today
you
