yet another issue has surfaced that
indicates a profound difference between
the wind liberals and the ford
Progressive Conservatives namely
cannabis one party believes in a bubble
wrap nanny state approach when it comes
to cannabis retailing the other hails
the free market economy and treating
adults as adults can you possibly guess
which is which
so when tario Premier Kathleen Wynne is
already condemning PC leader Doug Ford's
idea about having cannabis sold by
private sector retailers as you may know
when is all about promoting a doomed
government monopoly approach to selling
pot by doomed I mean the laughable idea
that thirty-eight stores in the entire
province of Ontario will be able to cope
with market demand all this is going to
do is guarantee that the black market
for marijuana will continue to thrive
once it becomes legal in the summertime
and in condemning private sector
involvement when ridiculously says
Ontarians don't want quote cannabis sold
next to candy bars end quote really
based on what survey miss Premier or is
this your gut feeling as the provinces
top nanny indeed here's the deal when it
comes to age restricted products in
Ontario the private sector convenience
store channel already sells numerous
restricted products including tobacco
lottery tickets adult magazines and
fireworks yep right next to the candy
bars and in smaller communities that
cannot support a standalone LCBO well
guess what more than 200 convenience
stores sell beer wine and spirits have
been doing so for decades now and yet
once again right next to the candy bars
incidentally folks just consider how
perverse the government's justification
for a liquor monopoly is namely if you
live in Ottawa Toronto or Windsor
Hamilton and so on you're apparently not
mature enough to buy your booze at the
local max milk but if you reside in
little Lefroy Ontario well suddenly you
do indeed have the necessary maturity to
buy hooch at the corner store what not
sets what hypocrisy
now the extensible policy reason for
having government controlling liquor
retailing as well as cannabis retailing
boils down to that murky concept known
as social responsibility translation the
private sector is all about profit by
any means heck if you let those private
sector guys sell liquor and pot well
you're gonna end up with a bunch of 15
year-olds hanging around in the parking
lot
drinking colt 45 and smoking joints all
day but government ah government
government answers to a higher authority
only government can be entrusted to
strictly enforce the ethical and moral
istic rules when it comes to sinful
merchandise at least that's the argument
put forth but is that the reality well
in a word no just check out a mystery
shopping study conducted by stat OPEX
Field Marketing five years ago it was
revealed that when tested with underaged
secret shoppers convenience store scored
the highest challenge and refusal rate
convenience store scored an eighty seven
point three percent pass rate the beer
store chain came in second at eighty
point seven percent and lo and behold
the LCBO
which is owned and operated by the
provincial government came in dead last
with a seventy four point six percent
pass rate that means one in four minors
successfully purchased age restricted
products from the LCBO as opposed to one
in five from the beer store and one in
eight for convenience stores and again
when premier Wynne speaks for all
Ontarians regarding their supposed
resistance regarding cannabis next to
candy bars what does she base that on
case in point
in 2012 the Ontario convenience stores
Association delivered a petition to
Queens Park calling on the Ontario
legislature to allow for more
competition in beer and wine sales
through convenience stores that petition
posted more than one hundred and twelve
thousand names from more than 200
communities across the province it was
the largest single petition ever
collected in the history of Ontario thus
if so many people don't mind the idea of
lager and Chardonnay being retailed next
to candy bars would they have a problem
with pot especially since the stats show
that the convenience store channel is
more socially responsible when
comes to selling age-restricted products
and by the way the more you think about
it the more it makes sense to retail
cannabis next to candy bars given the
munchies factor that is inherent to pot
smoking aren't these two product lines
complimentary I think that's called
market synergy bottom line folks
government's role when it comes to any
product is to regulate and tax the stuff
not to warehouse and retail the stuff
especially when nanny state government
monopolies tend to do such a piss-poor
job of it for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
