there's a crime and violence wave
sweeping the West Midlands
but the police are too busy catching
distracted drivers it seems like we
can't go a day without seeing the West
Midlands Police in the headlines and if
you sit down and actually look at what's
going on in the West Midlands it paints
a really depressing picture and that's
what I wanted to talk about today
because just days ago I'm sure you
remember we saw a triple stabbing in
Birmingham city centre where officers
were called just before 6:00 p.m. to
reports of disorder and originally
around a hundred youths listen to me
youths I'm only 25 or the young fellow
young people 100 fellow young people
were hanging around just before the
attack but then a 30-person brawl broke
out which there's videos of shortly
after and three people were stabbed
suffering injuries and were taken to
hospital it was a major story but the
violence wasn't anything new this is
just commonplace in the West Midlands
now the police even had to make a house
raid at 5:00 a.m. not too long ago where
one man was shot by the police because
of firearms offenses so the police
believe they had intelligence that four
men and two women had committed firearms
offenses and they did recover and seized
a firearm during that raid and by the
way the triple stabbings that happened
not far away from the Conservative Party
conference that was going on in
Birmingham at the time it came less than
24 hours after a warning was issued
about violence rising in the city so the
Birmingham male editor mark Reeves told
BBC Newsnight
people are literally dying on the
streets 300 yards from here so there's
something serious going on here isn't
that there's something very very serious
going on in Birmingham in the West
Midlands and the local police force have
dealt with more than 2,000 knife crime
incidents in just the first half of this
year that's a lot but there's an issue
because the police aren't properly able
to deal with crime now West Midlands
Police in my opinion is failing in its
duty to protect people and to enforce
the law that's not an attack on the
copper's on the street we all know most
of them are on our side it's an attack
on the whole system it's an attack on
the government who aren't keeping up
with the requirements of modern police
forces they're not they're simply not
providing the resources they need but
it's also a failure of the top brass of
the police you know that if they're
unable to protect people what if we what
are people to do you know not long ago
within 12 hours not long ago in
Birmingham one woman died and two men
left seriously injured in a stabbing and
a drive-by shooting which resulted in
four separate investigations being
launched within 12 hours there's
something seriously wrong here and the
police aren't able to keep up with it
mass gangs are going around the city
stealing cars and because of this the
police forces are closing down certain
operations just so they can deal with
all this crime with the stabbings the
shootings the car theft they have to
reallocate the resources they have one
would hope in an efficient and effective
way but maybe not just to deal with this
so for instance the West Midlands police
have shut down 90% of home breaking
cases only nine in ten of these cases in
the West Midlands go completely on
solved of burglary I'm talking about
they simply don't have the resources all
the time to focus on burglary because
they're too busy taking down criminals
who've stabbed people shot people or
stolen cars or is the more to it
so let me get this straight violence is
increasing in the West Midlands violent
crime is on the way of shooting
stabbings the law you name it it's
happening break-ins car thefts even and
a mass brawl just broke out near the
Conservative Party conference with 30
people where three people got stabbed
and the police now are shutting down
burglary cases just to keep up with this
violent crime wave one would assume that
they simply don't have the resources to
keep up if they're not taking burglary
seriously anymore then surely they're
redirecting those resources to the more
important stuff right well in fact it
turns out that police officers aren't
doing that at all they're actually
sitting on buses traveling around the
city looking through the windows to
catch drivers who are using their phone
while they're sat at the traffic lights
that's not a joke that is literally what
they're doing police officers are sat on
buses traveling around the city peeping
at people through the window and that's
apparently a better way to allocate
resources than going to homes who have
suffered burglary and trying to solve
those crimes so our people are getting
killed homes burgled property stolen the
people of Birmingham and the West
Midlands can rest assured that the
police the West Midlands Police are
doing their very best job sat on their
bums on the top deck of a bus looking
out the window if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
