we're sliding down that slippery slope
they told me didn't even exist
a terminally ill man in London Ontario
is suing the government for medically
assisted life Roger Foley
he's dying the 42 year old is suffering
from a progressive incurable
neurological disease called cerebellar
ataxia this awful disease makes it hard
for him to move his arms and his legs
Roger can't do a lot of things on his
own anymore like feeding himself and
sitting himself upright Roger even has a
bit of trouble speaking now the disease
is taking his body but it's certainly
not taking his mind nor his positive
outlook and his will to live each and
every day to its fullest for the time
that he has left it's actually pretty
inspiring and it's that desire to live
his remaining days the very best way
that he can that has led Roger to see
the government he's suing Victoria
Hospital London Health Sciences Center
Southwest local health integration
Network the Center for independent
living in Toronto the Ontario Ministry
of Health and long-term care the
Attorney General of Ontario and the
Attorney General of Canada Rodger claims
they are violating his charter rights
you see Roger needs round-the-clock home
care but Roger says the home care
provided to him by the province of
Ontario is dangerous and harmful just
listen Roger explains himself five times
I received some green Karen efforts by
some wonderful few studies and they
truly think I'm so very much
unfortunately when I received
substandard care the recourse options
were ineffective for instance I've been
given the wrong medications
I've been provided in spa food where I
got food poisoning I've had workers fall
asleep in my living room burners and
appliances constantly left on a fire and
I've been injured during exercises and
transfers when we report these things to
the agency I would not get a response
one of wood Escalade
these murders to the left no action was
taken unfortunately people seem to be
getting help when the guy was are not
being helped me or not workers I do not
trust and did not know how to meet my
needs or constantly scheduled to come
into my home against my objections my
junctions were met with threats Fermi
agency to not send anyone at all now I
don't know if these accusations are true
and they haven't been proven in a court
of law
but I do know that every single one of
us should be able to have a say in this
sort of care we receive it should be
done with us and just not to us and
that's all Roger really wants to do he
wants to take the funds the province
would give him for what he claims is
their substandard home care and then
direct it to somewhere that he thinks is
more competent and really the end of the
day what's the difference the government
has to pay someone to look after Roger
is the government angry that Rogers
escaping the clutches of their overly
bureaucratic system that seems really
focused on creating unionized government
jobs instead of providing the care that
people want and actually need the
province of Ontario declined Rogers
request to direct his own home care but
they did offer Roger something else
because he is terminally ill Roger Foley
qualifies for medically assisted death
in Canada Roger says in his lawsuit his
charter right to life is being violated
because he was offered only two options
by the health care system the first be
forcibly discharged from the hospital to
go home and continue to work with the
contracted agencies that have already
failed him and the second was to receive
medically assisted death roger has
refused both options and he claims that
he's been threatened with an $1,800 per
day hospital bill if he doesn't leave
the system put a dollar sign on Rogers
life actually
Canada's publicly funded health care
system has put a dollar sign on all of
our lives according to a report
published in the Canadian Medical
Association Journal doctor-assisted
death could reduce
annual healthcare spending across Canada
by between thirty four point seven
million and one hundred and thirty six
point eight million dollars how
chillingly ghoulish the same researchers
cited Manitoba where twenty percent of
their health care costs are attributed
to patients within the last six months
of their life so the solution to higher
end of life health care costs is just to
offer to knock some of us off early and
save a little dough like they're trying
to offer to do to Roger
justice minister Jody Wilson Raybould
wrote an op-ed in The Huffington Post
that touted Canada's new assisted dying
law as one that maintains the respect
for life she said that the Liberals law
would only apply to people who are
competent to make those sorts of
decisions and that may well be true at
least for now but what about people like
Roger who are certainly competent enough
to make the decision to continue to live
why is the only option he gets to die
with dignity
where are the supports for him to live
with a dignity Roger just wants the
right to choose his own
government-funded care providers since
the ones that the government provided to
him have allegedly harmed him there's
nothing wrong with Rogers mind he's able
to make his own decisions he is choosing
to live how defenseless Roger must feel
when the helpers that helped him made
him worse in the state offers an option
as dying as their solution to the
horrible customer service they gave him
and this garbage fire of a health care
system here in Canada with its wait
times and rationing and push to end it
all just a little bit early well it's
one the Democrats to the south of us
holed up with some sort of high-water
mark of success in full disclosure I'm a
conception to natural death kind of
person when it comes to human life but I
think even the most libertarian types
among us those among us who are okay
with euthanasia and doing whatever they
want with their own bodies they too
should be horrified that the state's
response to this man who's just asking
to be treated better by
system was well if you don't like it you
can always just drop dead and this my
friends is why we can never grant these
powers powers of life and death to the
government they can't be helping us die
because all of a sudden the right to
access death becomes more important more
paramount than the right to live our
lives with human dignity for the rebel
media
I'm Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own weekly full-length show here
on the rebel it's aptly called the gun
show I talk about issues facing our
families our communities and our country
to get access to my show and the rest of
our amazing premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
you
