we don't yeah we do what was that well
that was a video shot by a student on a
cell phone of one of the anti-gun
protests across America yesterday where
teachers unions took their kids out of
class onto the street without their
parents permission or consent to protest
against gun laws well one student
supports a sort of protest for gun laws
in the against the NRA I'm sorry
well one student there wrote his own
handmade sign in support of gun rights
in the Second Amendment and you saw
there it happened pretty quickly the
school principal threatening that child
if he'd air spoke up as a dissident
against the teachers union he would
possibly be suspended and even thrown
into a police car showing what these
parades of minors students were really
all about joining us now via Skype to
talk about this is our friend Andrew
Clayman he's the hope host the Andrew
Clayman podcast which appears Monday to
Thursday is daily on The Daily wire calm
and whoo great to see you again thanks
for joining us it's good to see you you
know what I think that short video clip
it was a little bit hard to see what was
going on but I think it told the story
more clearly than anything these
students were literally being used as
cannon fodder by anti NRA teaching
activists and the one student who
thought for himself was threatened with
arrest right well I mean this is the
left all over right I mean it's a the
shouting down of speakers on campuses
it's Twitter shadow banning conservative
speakers it's YouTube's de monetizing
conservatives I mean this is the left
because the left has no arguments and
when you have no arguments all you've
got is a narrative and when you have a
narrative you've got to get people's
emotions worked up I mean that's what
it's all about for the left that's why
they're using children in the first
place it's oh these poor children you
know here they are to tell you what
they're the next generation has to look
like and that what that is supposed to
motional e sweep us away and if you are
just trying to emotionally sweep people
away instead of making an argument
you can't allow anybody else to have a
narrative right I mean if you know I'll
have anybody on my show I'm sure you
will we'll debate anybody because you
have the arguments and you can listen to
another person's arguments because you
have better arguments but if all you
have is emotion then you've got to do
these basically these stunts with
children I think it's a terrible thing
to do to the children too because one of
these days some of them at least are
going to get wise and start to remember
why we have Duns why we have freedom and
then they're gonna be embarrassed that
they were usually yeah and and these
were kids who were roped into it again
no notice warning or consent from the
parents and then one dissident student
was bullied I'll use that left-wing word
he was bullied it actually is bullying
when the principal threatens you that's
that's one degree worse in some ways
then some of these student activists
emerging from the school in Florida you
and I talked about that as some of these
very young students who were being
revved up and funded by Democrat
activists to become anti-gun lobbyists
at least they were at least on the face
of it choosing to do that but what we
see here are students being taken out of
class and press-ganged conscripted into
service what's going on in Florida with
that with the some of the students from
the mass shooting it's sort of gross to
have teenagers lecture us about policy
but at least they seem to be choosing it
here
these students are being press gained
against their will I think that's worse
than a way is them well I think this is
the whole thing that the whole thing
with the left is this always comes down
to force it always has to come down to
force because they can't convince and I
think I think you know the only way
place where I would differ with you is I
would say that a lot of these kids have
been pre conditioned to the opinions
that they have it's a form of child
abuse if you ask me even if you're
dealing with college students to take
the money from these people and send
them to school and not teach them the
very basics of their own civilization if
you want to learn about Thomas Jefferson
if you want to learn about James Madison
and then reject him that's one thing
because you have other arguments too to
bring forward then I can meet your
arguments with my arguments but they
don't even learn though
things these kids don't even know why
there's a constitution I mean those I
was I was joking today than what when
the when CNN interviews these kids they
ask them these loaded questions like you
know why is the NRA so evil that kind of
thing instead of asking him what I would
like to see the Masters do you know what
the Constitution is you know when it was
written
you know what the Founding Fathers were
do you know their reasons for giving us
ensuring that we have the right to bear
arms they don't ask them anything just
to at least prove that they have some
knowledge of what they're talking about
and I'm not sure to do I'm pretty sure
they don't yeah you know in the province
of Ontario in Canada that's our largest
province by population there's been a
recent debate about sex ed curriculum
because the sex ed curriculum was
written under the Deputy Minister who is
a convicted of child pornography and
pedophilia and so it's an extreme sex
add and and you may be thinking what's
this got to do with guns well it it's
there's an objection to it because of
how early it sexualizes kids for example
teachers grade school kids that there
are six genders now under you're pretty
smart guy but I bet that even you could
not name the six genders and the
objection well I haven't met the other
four I've never met anyone who knows all
six by the way but I guess I should talk
to grade schoolers because they're
learning it my point is the big debate
over sex ed is you're displacing parents
your voice ting this on kids with other
parents these are young children of
tender years and you're taking advantage
of them you're you use the phrase child
abuse you're you're ideologically
forming them instead of teaching them
you know reading riting and rithmetic
in the case of ontario sex ed they're
teaching them six genders and that whole
ideology i think that's what's going on
here and they don't give a damn about
parents to heck with parents and what
they what their views are about the
constitution or guns these teachers
unions and the teachers administrations
are looking at students not as customers
to be educated but as hostages is the
wrong word but people who are trapped
and forced to go through an
indoctrination for 18 years
I think there's an analogy there I don't
know if I put it very clearly though
well I think that you know when you look
back you look at the culture mix of
conservatives for being in favor of the
family oh we want everything to be in
1950 sitcom you know we want everything
to be Father's knows best conservatives
have not been very good at making the
argument which is that the family is the
building block of freedom when you have
a family it is a self-governing unit
that teaches children you know a value
system that they can then take out and
compared to the value system of the
world the left hates that the left is
that is not just their not thing they
want to get rid of families you know
families are not good for the left
because families foster freedom families
foster culture that is individualized
and says you know here is what we as a
family think is good here is what we as
a family think is right now go into the
world and compare that to what the world
is selling you and see which one you
know is the right idea what the left
always wants to do is supersede that
you're not smart enough to educate your
own children you're not good enough to
educate your own children you're too
selfish you're too mean you're too
bigoted to educate your own children so
we will do it for you what on earth are
they teaching kids about sex for again
the questions I want to know it can they
read can they do math I mean here in
California we have we spend more on
schools than just about anybody else we
have some of the worst schools in the
country because they are teaching this
gender this left-wing agenda to
supercede the family instead of teaching
the kids the skills they need to get
along and it's purposeful it's
purposeful they they always make fun of
our love of the family and our defense
of the family because they think it
makes us square but really what they are
doing is assaulting the family because
the family makes us free yeah you know I
don't even think the purpose of these
rallies was to tell a story in the media
I mean yes it was a purpose the
narrative that you talked about but I
think the purpose of these rallies were
not so much external but more internal
to condition to train students NRA bad
the teacher I trust says so my friends
say so it's not even so much about
showing the world as it is making young
teenagers practice there are two minutes
of hate towards the NRA I think in in
that way it sort of does follow along
with a form of psychological child abuse
last word to you Andrew well I think you
know it's a big piece of candy to give a
kid to suddenly put him on TV - suddenly
listen to his opinions to have his
shouting and his fists
you know he's pounding his fists into
his palm to make that important you know
that's that's basically what teenagers
think the world should be like
I mean teenagers are natural Nazis you
know that naturally authoritarian
they're naturally idealistic but they're
also naturally autocratic because they
think they know they they think they
know more than they do it's not that
they just that they don't know a lot
it's that they think they know a lot and
they have this kind of idealistic view
of the world that if it makes them that
they think uplifts them really it makes
it just makes them foolish and then to
tell them yes you're idealistic view and
listen I'm all enough to have seen this
before I saw it in the 60s when the kids
came out and took over buildings and
nobody stood up to them and nobody said
you know you guys don't know enough to
be destroying Western civilization like
this nobody said it that's what's
happening now because they think they're
gonna control the kids but ultimately
the kids transform the culture into
something is childish and is autocratic
because they are yeah and then you get a
prime minister like Trudeau well I said
he'd be at the last word and I but I
always feel like I have to get a little
PS and you made me think of a quote I
think it was Mark Twain who said I left
home at 16 when I came back at 21 I
couldn't believe how much my dad had
learned I think that's Mark Twain I'll
have to check it out I think that's
exactly what's going on here and it was
great to talk with you thanks for making
the time with us and folks if you
haven't listened may I recommend that
you go to the Daily wire and listen to
Andrew Clemens daily podcast there it's
a real treat thanks so much for being
with us Andrew that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the answer Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
