well this past week look what has come
to light
Jack Meads sing at a rally in the United
States just three years ago now railing
against India calling for Sikh
sovereignty is in separatism as in to
bust up India take a look our beliefs
are why have threatened people there
isn't just by chance that six were
targeted equally seeking people songs of
Gandhi some new target keep an eye every
tonic anyway on this wasn't by chance
this is something that has happened to
six since the beginning of our history
thank you now that speech was hardly a
secret as you can see was in public at a
rally it was filmed it was promoted half
his speech was in English half was in
Punjabi I like the Sikh pride
I like the Sikh values no problem there
but he wasn't just talking about being
proud Sikhs he was at a rally promoting
the breaking up of India a rally that
had men marching with swords shouting
callused and there's a big sign that
said sovereignty that's why Jack beat
Singh has been banned from traveling to
India by their government that's how
seriously they take his agitation and
then a second video has come to light
again nothing here was hidden
these aren't undercover recordings he's
an activist and here he is on a small
panel and one of the other people in the
panel justified violence and jag meet
say he just sat next to him listening
not objecting I think we can say he
approved of it because he certainly
didn't correct it take a look it is
about six spaces and see institutions
and he endorses violence as a legitimate
form of resistance and survival to
rebuild and to become a zone because you
can't have sovereignty without the right
to live and die as you please
violence no no no that's too far Jackman
singing will not denounce Sikh
separatists who commit violence when
pressed on terrorism he claims well the
facts aren't no no there are nuances to
be had he himself has not yet come
out and renounced and rejected violence
in Calais tan that I can see at least
but he is fine standing next to someone
who calls for violence he himself I have
not heard call for violence but I'm
neither ever I seen him reject Calais
Stanny violence those are just two
videos that we have seen that are public
there are surely many more just like
Justin Trudeau wasn't really vetted he
was just so handsome and had that famous
last name in the media loved him and
they hated Stephen Harper I think the
same thing is happening with Jackman
Singh I think no one really vetted him I
I think they just looked at that great
beard and the colourful turbans and all
the selfies and said that's our guy to
beat Trudeau that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
