how ironic the mainstream media and
left-wing politicians in Congress would
have you believe that Russia's the
greatest threat to America and is
undermining our democracy with a few
Facebook ads and demonstrations on the
streets of New York well isn't this the
side that was most sympathetic to Moscow
for decades from the hagiographies
written by Walter Durant in The New York
Times about how superb the Stalinist
regime was to even Ted Kennedy secretly
establishing a lane of communications
with the Kremlin to ask for their help
to undermine President Ronald Reagan yes
it happened look it up the left has
always been sympathetic to their leftist
cousins in Moscow so what happened well
they need an excuse they need an excuse
for how the rank outsider Donald Trump
won the election despite their belief
that Hillary had it all sewn up
now don't get me wrong Russia is a
problem it's run by a former KGB colonel
it intimidates its neighbors it
undermines countries whether it's
working in Syria whether it's working in
Ukraine or anywhere else in the world
they are an anti status quo power but
they are not a strategic threat the
likes of the former Soviet Union there
is nevertheless a strategic threat to
all our nations or judeo-christian
countries and those that wish to work
with us are threatened by one massive
strategic enemy and that's China
why because China has a plan again check
it out it's called one belt one road and
their intent is to displace America and
her friends by this hundredth
anniversary of the Chinese Revolution in
20 49 and to become the most powerful
hegemonic nation in the world militarily
diplomatically and economically they're
already implementing the plan they're
buying politicians around the world
they're intimidating countries in their
region they're building fake islands at
holes and turning them into military
bases and they're stealing our in
Ostrow secrets that's why the president
launched an unprecedented investigation
into China's unfair trade practices
recently that's why he announced the
steel and aluminium tariffs and there
are more measures to come we need to
wake up
we had our Sputnik moment in the Soviet
Union when we woke up one morning and
realized thanks to their launch of
Sputnik that they were ahead of us that
woke us up to the threat we've kind of
slept through our own Sputnik moment and
allowed China to get ahead of us it's
your job and ours to push back on the
lies of the fake news industrial complex
and talk about the truth educate
yourself look up one belt one road and
help others understand the enormity of
the situation together we can defeat
them stay tuned
thank you for watching the Gorka
briefing if you like this video please
check out the rebel media youtube
channel follow me on twitter at seb
Gorka that's s e be g RK a and share
these videos on facebook and twitter
because with your help we can push back
on the fake news industrial complex and
finally get the truth out god bless
