hey how's it going everyone now this is
not gonna be like one of my normal
videos where I kind of do an intro and
tagging all the different articles and
all that kind of stuff because this is
happening really really fast it's kind
of in more on my mind specifically more
of a rebel to you kind of video of just
me talking about some that happened
recently that I think is very dangerous
and crazy and what we can do to prevent
this from happening more in the future
for me personally you know I came from
Nashville Tennessee so I had strong
values from Christian and and patriotic
values that I carried with me from my
parents and I moved out to LA and when I
got here I thought I was going crazy
like everyone was telling me things that
were completely opposite like the sky is
red basically instead of blue like just
crazy insane stuff and so it was looking
towards the internet and YouTube in
other outlets like this where I found
content that could finally verify all my
beliefs and give me information that was
being hidden or or pushed aside in the
mainstream news outlets and that sort of
thing it was where I stumbled on to
places like the rebel media and other
alternative media outlets it was that
that gateway that finally gave me the
information I needed to combat these
different arguments that I knew were
wrong out in Lausanne just like all the
statistics and facts that are buried and
ignored in the news that I can now use
in just everyday conversation so I knew
I wasn't just going crazy and different
there's some terrific alternative media
news outlets and places on YouTube that
have grown and been fantastic over the
years but recently you've seen YouTube
crack down financially on these
different institutions by D monetizing
things that they deem are hateful or
inappropriate or whatever and it's
always scared towards the rights just a
way to silence them but we all knew that
this was going to be amped up and happen
more and more
when Twitter started banning people even
though they were banning people that I
personally dislike hate or disagree with
they were banning people for just
speaking at point of view that was
contradictory to what is mainstream
accepted like Miley and innopolis is a
famous one who I personally disagree
with on so many issues and other extreme
people like Jorge like Richard Spencer
being banned who I personally hate and
don't like at all but I still didn't
think he should be banned just for his
first speaking because I knew where that
would lead as soon as you give ground to
being able to ban people for their
speech this is going to open up a door
to everybody being able to do this for
any
particularly and you see this happening
now with steven crowder steven crowder
is a comedian he does ladder with
Crowder and the mug club over on YouTube
has some terrific informational videos
on guns and he also does comedy
throughout and he got banned or at least
suspended from he got suspended from
Twitter and got his YouTube account
suspended for inappropriate content at
the South by Southwest thing which was
actually a hilarious video where they
crashed a gender non-binary
meet-and-greet with a guy pretending to
be a computer saying that this is who he
identified as the computer it was
hysterical and he got banned for it
we've also seen this happened recently
today
oh and benjamin reached out saying his
event got canceled in new york and
looking for their venues this is
happening constantly now here's the
dangerous part of this if if they didn't
have youtube other platforms like this
these conservative news outlets or these
independent news outlets couldn't get
the information out it makes it more
acceptable or accessible they can still
post it on their regular web sites and
direct message things but it's harder to
find it's hard to get to you can't reach
the same masses and that's dangerous to
see that that's where people can now be
led to it could be just a desert of
information on youtube except for
left-wing propaganda nonsense and that's
a really dangerous place to go because
lolll these places will go out of
business and the best way that you can
combat this is for platforms to open up
people for people to develop new
platforms that are different than
youtube and twitter that are open-source
that aren't crazy left-leaning activist
and that sort of thing and then also
going directly to support their their
various channels through subscription
and this is something that is so
important because i would have never
gotten the incredible videos from the
rebel that it gave me information that i
wouldn't that i couldn't have gotten
anywhere else except for people going to
the Revel media and subscribing directly
because eventually they're going to ban
all these videos on youtube they're
already monetizing almost all of them
and these direct subscriptions are huge
this this is what any of these channels
that you enjoy I highly recommend you
subscribe to those they continue to have
the funds and an equipment necessary to
get all the information out to you as
well as the rebel media especially
because I've loved everyone to have all
their videos they've done over the years
have been tremendous so if you like the
content and you want the rebel to be
able to continue to do what it does and
continue to reach people like me they're
just confused out in LA please subscribe
to the realm yet so you can get direct
lines all the content and also some
great exclusive content from there too
so I highly encourage you to do that
because this is going to get a lot worse
before it gets
Thanks if you haven't done it already
you can now download the rebel media app
that way you have access to the entire
rebel lineup and can take it with you
wherever you go
you
