fun fact for people the original Buffy
the Vampire Slayer is a Trump supporter
I did a video on the new Buffy reboot
that will be filled with lots of
progressive agenda around that time I
started following the original Buffy the
Vampire Slayer from the 1992 movie on
Instagram and I noticed she is one of us
I know it's really annoying when actors
get all political but she's not really
in Hollywood anymore she has a family
and just actively promotes Magda the
size it's always fun to see one of us
out there because we see so much of the
opposite and is really cool we have a
slayer here is a recent article accusing
her of being far-right Swanson's Twitter
and Instagram accounts are a minefield a
far-right informed political hot takes
in a tweet from August 23rd in the wake
of the Mali Tibbets murder she Ponder's
why do liberals say calling someone an
illegal alien is racist and offensive in
a previous tweet Swanson wondered why
people called her an immigrant hater
notice they always say far-right I am
always fascinated by this because they
always say fought right even if you are
just a regular trump supporting
conservative it really shows how
disingenuous the left is and the media
as well Swanson's cause celeb Rae at
least on social media seems to be
mocking the me2 movement especially as
it relates to politics memes posted on
her Instagram complete with cartoon
characters wearing the ubiquitous pink
pussy hats Lampoon the not my president
logic of many feminist protests I mean
this is just great she loves memes too
man I loved her even more now and
aswanson frequently reposts or retweets
actor turned far-right Crusader James
Woods again with the far right I think
it's time to start calling everyone
far-left for those wondering if
Swanson's a far-right tendencies are a
relatively new thing think again in
response to a tweet earlier this summer
accusing her
riding the far right way for another 15
minutes of fame
Swanson replied I've actually been a
conservative all my life I was raised
that way since the 70s I was on the
Trump train before he ran for office and
as recently as yesterday Swanson
reaffirmed her political leanings were
hardly a trend
I've been Magus in 1969 I was born this
way I love this as well the left gets so
nasty they tried to defame your
character at any chance and make
personal attacks instead of address the
actual talking point I've been accused
of this as well and to like Swanson I've
been a lifelong conservative since in
1985 they tried to insult you by acting
like you have no career and you're just
some loser doing this for attention I
mean that may be true of some people but
some of us who have been lifelong
Republicans have been harassed and lost
their jobs and are hardly doing it for
attention she has a family and it seems
she's really happy it doesn't seem like
she's really trying to get any fame just
expressing her opinion and in my case I
was doing very well in my career thank
you very much and risked it all to
support Trump a pretty backwards move if
you want success in the arts I
personally really like Swanson I was a
huge fan of hers as the original Buffy
the Vampire Slayer in the 90s and I am
so happy to see this beautiful badass
chick on our side I mean we have a
Slayer and she's also a mother if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
