dueling protests over the Kinder Morgan
pipeline expansion in Vancouver this
weekend I'll show you the highlights the
complete total lowlights and how the cbc
is trying to mislead you over the
weekend in vancouver there were
competing rallies with regard to the
Kinder Morgan trans mountain pipeline
expansion at the anti pipeline protest
indigenous leaders beat drums and
promised they won't be stepping aside
for the construction of the trans
mountain pipeline from Edmonton to the
coast of BC at the very same time in
Burnaby more First Nations activists
constructed a cedar watch how something
that looks a lot like a guardian shed in
the pipeline's path to block the
construction of the pipeline yeah
that'll sure stop them it's like these
people don't know about bulldozers Green
Party leader Elizabeth May also made
sure to attend the protests against
Canada's best interests sending this
hilarious and completely clueless tweet
the 7:00 a.m. ferry has good spirits and
loads of energy to stop Kinder Morgan
yeah thanks Elizabeth May thank you for
pointing that out the ferry is full of
energy and that energy happens to be
diesel fuel if not for the energy these
people spent a Saturday afternoon
protesting against they'd still be
kayaking from Vancouver Island
you see BC energy commentator and
blogger Blair King has actually done an
impact analysis of what a threatened
restriction on Alberta oil could mean
for the BC Lower Mainland
according to Natural Resources Canada up
to 60% of the oil and gas used in
Vancouver comes directly from Edmonton
refineries King estimates that if
Alberta withholds supplied to BC BC
could be looking at two to three dollars
per litre for the cost of gas in the
Lower Mainland that'll sure make
Elizabeth Mays little fairy trips back
and forth to Vancouver Island quite a
bit more expensive in the near future
anyway over on the pro Kinder Morgan
side according to CTV there were several
hundred pro pipeline folks including a
busload of people from Alberta this
rally was organized
by the good folks at resource works who
according to their website say they want
to send a clear message to the
government of BC that the people of
Canada know it is time to stop playing
politics and get on with vital resource
infrastructure that is in the national
interest
amen to that resource Works had the help
of Canada action debunk generation
screwd rally for resources and Northwest
BC for Responsible growth in prosperity
all great groups our friend Bernard
Hancock otherwise known as Bernard the
roughneck was also there along with pro
oil sands activists from Fort McMurray
my friend Robby Picard and Ellis Ross
he's the new Skeena BC liberal MLA and
former high Schley First Nations chief
counselor prasad panda the united
conservative party energy critic also
made the trip to Vancouver to represent
Alberta's interests Stuart mirror who is
the executive director of resource works
also spoke at the rally Ellis Ross had
some interesting things to say he told
reporter Tom Fletcher that the pipeline
opposition is really like a bad
Hollywood movie Ross said Canadians are
being recruited as actors and that it
says so right on the application form
that they'll be shown how to be an actor
Ross explained the foreign money trail
flowing to professional activists here
in Canada saying and I quote there are a
number of different organizations
involved but it seems to me it branches
from the American funded organizations
like the tides foundation but the money
comes from the Hewlett's the Packard's
and those kind of organizations there
were absolutely no official Alberta
government representatives at the pro
pipeline rally meaning the NDP can
certainly talk tough from Edmonton but
they won't show up and sell this
pipeline where it needs to be sold the
most now I also promised you I'd show
you where CBC tried to mislead you on
the pro pipeline side CTV News to their
credit reports that several hundred
people showed up to support the Kinder
Morgan pipeline Stuart mirror from
resource works who helped organize the
rally said that the
these estimates were somewhere near 500
people at the pro pipeline side but CBC
reported that thousands participated in
the anti pipeline protests but another
only 200 staged to support rally it's
right in their headline CBC reported
fewer than half the police estimates and
fewer than half of what the other news
agencies were reporting I guess we know
exactly where CBC stands it's not on the
side of truth it's on the side of the
environmentalists who prey on
misinformation and disinformation to
push their radical agenda for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunnery the CBC gets
over a billion dollars per year they get
a lot of money to get a lot of things
wrong at the rebel we try to tell you
the other side of the story either this
story
the CBC gets wrong or just flat-out
refuses to tell you to support our
journalistic mission and to get access
to all of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
