look at this story posted just last
night
Burnaby RCMP makes six anti pipeline
demonstration arrests from four days
here's an example of some of the
stupidity let me quote from this RCMP
press release a male was found to have
climbed on top of the bed of a fully
loaded semi truck and trailer work
vehicle despite attempts by burning
burning
RCMP officers to have the male come down
he refused to do so the male then
proceeded to attempt to evade officers
by running along the bed of the fully
loaded semi truck placing both himself
and responding police officers at risk
of serious injury the 25 year old man
was finally arrested and taken down
safely from the truck the male faces a
potential charge of mischief yeah that
sounds about right some stupid 25 year
old pothead revved up by David Suzuki
probably has his legal bills paid for by
the hive and he wasn't even violent
there he was just an idiot running
around on the top of a semi-trailer
plenty of these folks are ready to
actually get violent here let me quote
to you from that same Seattle story all
hell is going to break loose on March
10th and thereafter said Murray Rankin a
member of parliament representing the
City of Victoria since 2012 this is only
the beginning this is just the start
this is ground zero day 1 and it is
going to go on for a very long time
unquote so you literally have a member
of parliament what what was that a
warning was that a threat was that a
promise all hell will break loose Oh
starting tomorrow
he said March 10th tomorrow sounds a bit
like a threat to me
foreign-funded malicious lawbreakers
coming up from Seattle of course there's
plenty in Canada too they've been
fighting against Canada for a decade
that Rockefeller Brothers campaign plan
I showed you that was from 2008 they've
almost completely won by the way they
killed the northern gateway pipeline
that killed the Energy's pipeline that
killed the big LNG natural gas deals oil
sands companies are bailing out over a
hundred billion dollars in lost
investment it's just this last one
really the Kinder Morgan
and pipeline killed that and there
pretty much checked everything off their
to-do list so there's a bit of
mainstream media attention finally that
hive and swarm thing got some reports
but not a lot in fact the foreign-funded
lobbyists in Canada they're sort of
hamming it up here's kinda gotta he's a
former TV journalist who went to work
for the foreign-funded dogwood lobby
group in BC look at him look at him make
jokes he's saying hi Jason Kenney I'm
not funded by Putin or part of any
Kremlin sponsored disinformation plot
but I do live here and I do want to stop
Kinder Morgan not a Russian bot oh and
there he is drinking Tim Hortons to
prove how Canadian he is
well actually the dogwood Lobby group
that kind of gotta works for they don't
even know if they're Russian funded or
not because they take anonymous money
that is laundered through the tides
foundation in San Francisco they've been
doing that since 2002 so kind of got it
really doesn't know who's paying for him
other than the money is funneled in from
the United States so he is a foreign
funded boss his name and his
instructions are to fight Canadian oil
not to fight Saudi oil or Russian oil or
Qatari oil just to fight against Canada
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
