if you listen to the fake news
industrial complex all you're likely to
hear is Russia Russia Russia the White
House is in chaos and the president's
going to get us involved in wars in
faraway places
the fact is it's completely the opposite
there's no chaos in the White House I
can attest to that because I worked
there and the president isn't going to
get us involved in Wars and create
instability as his predecessor did he's
going to prevent them the decision of
North Korea to invite for the first time
ever a sitting American president to
come and be engaged in peace talks on
the peninsula and to help denuclearize
that situation is second only to the
crushing of the Caliphate of Isis in its
significance as a massive win for the
presidency of Donald J Trump in just the
first year and a month of his
administration how is this possible
because this president doesn't listen to
the so-called elite he listens to his
gut to common sense and that's why the
American people understand that whether
it's steel tariffs that address the
complete imbalance in international
trade and protectionism by other
countries or whether it's the fact that
you don't appease dictators like little
Kim
Rocketman in North Korea common sense is
the response and it works think of the
irony the last administration of
President Obama helped to facilitate the
rise of Isis from a small al-qaeda
affiliate to the organization that would
reestablish the Caliphate in the Middle
East thanks in part to our precipitous
decision to withdraw our troops from
Mesopotamia
an administration that celebrated the
Muslim Brotherhood takeover of Egypt the
administration that gave a hundred and
fifty billion dollars to the shiite
jihadi regime in iran the threatens not
only our closest ally in the region
Israel but also America with its
potential acquisition over nuclear
weapons once the Iran deal sunsets or
worst of all think of the irony just the
absurdity of Barack Obama being given a
Nobel Peace Prize given the chaos that
he helped create in the Middle East and
Asia and in Europe who do you think
deserves a Peace Prize more the man who
basically ignored Russia's invasion of
Ukraine facilitated the mullahs in Iran
appeased North Korea and China and
celebrated the Muslim Brotherhood or a
man who has helped with of course the
American armed forces crush Isis in the
Middle East revitalized NATO reassure
our allies in Asia and who may if there
is fruit from these negotiations may
bring peace to the Korean Peninsula
after more than 60 years I'll let you
decide thank you for watching the Gorka
briefing if you like this video please
check out the rebel media youtube
channel follow me on twitter at
seb Gorka that's s e b gol ke a and
share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help we can
push back on the fake news industrial
complex and finally get the truth out
god bless
