it's like something out of Rod Serling's
night gallery the latest institution to
unofficially succumb to hypersensitivity
to Islam is none other than the interior
College of Art Design in Toronto yeah a
piece of art that was put on display
apparently was offensive to some people
and as a result that artwork was
promptly taken down and entombed in the
burqa of self-censorship
Christie Blackford had a very
interesting albeit chilling column in
the National Post recently you see there
was a student art exhibit entitled the
festival of the body which took place at
the Interior College of Art and Design
in downtown Toronto now one of the
pieces was a green Islamic prayer mat
that featured the black outline of a
nude woman on it well cue the oh so
predictable outrage from the usual
suspects
indeed oak head was served with a formal
complaint from the school's Muslim
Student Association actually it wasn't
just a complaint it was a manifesto with
several demands including the immediate
removal of the piece and an
investigation into how it was ever
approved in the first place and whether
this approval was done out of ignorance
or not oh and of course the Muslim
Student Association wanted an official
groveling apology from the school
thankfully they stopped short of
demanding that members of the faculty
present themselves to be flogged with
fifty lashes in any event the school
responded by saying that all art should
be provocative that art should make one
question his or her sensibilities that
so many pieces of great artwork
throughout the history of people kind
tend to be controversial actually no
they didn't say that they didn't say
that at all rather the college folded
like a cheap lawn chair and so it was
that sometime last Monday night the
painting was quietly removed
besides the artwork wasn't merely
offensive no it was a safety issue no
really
here's what the Muslim Student
Association had to say quote this
artwork has already provoked Muslims and
has caused very upsetting reactions and
several students responses and behavior
towards this is extremely alarming and
is starting to make some students feel
unsafe at OCAD end quote yeah a piece of
art much like an e coli outbreak in the
cafeteria kitchen
and that now makes for a safety issue
but you know perhaps this is a safety
issue hey ask the survivor still working
at Charlie Hebdo ask the relatives of
field Van Gogh
speaking of which is it the implied
threat of violence that is now driving
policy decisions at OCAD these days sure
seems that way
nevertheless check out the spin cycle
Christine Crosby oke ads media and
communications manager told Blatchford
the following quote we respect the
Muslim Student Association has their
opinions and this is an important
dialogue around this piece it's a matter
of looking at both sides end quote
yeah it's all about looking at both
sides funny though how only one side
namely the bully's demanding censorship
and an investigation and an apology yeah
that seems to be the only side that's
prevailing and in case anyone is
painting the artist of this
controversial piece as an Islamophobe
well guess what
turns out the artist as a female Muslim
she remains anonymous for the time being
why is she anonymous really you have to
ask and in the department too perverse
irony how curious is it that one of the
mandatory art history courses at OCAD
includes an infamous piece of art called
immersion aka piss Christ that's the
1987 photograph by American photographer
Andres Serrano in which a plastic cross
is submerged in a tank of the artists
own urine yeah I know what a masterpiece
say for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks have you
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
