Ralph Goodale said that some of his
legislative a chain changes that he said
would be coming in the next few weeks he
said that he would be tightening down on
the transport permits for prohibited and
restricted firearms mm-hmm and then he
said assault-style semi automatics I
love when they say that and then he also
said that he would be requiring firearms
retailers to keep inventory and records
so do you see this as a sneaky little
liberal backdoor registry after Stephen
Harper stuck a stake in the heart of
that vampire yeah of course because you
know gun stores they already keep very
stringent records on us for
non-restricted they aren't required to
keep the same amount of Records and the
ar-15 is actually already a restricted
firearm any like variants so there are
very few guns that look like the ar-15
like the media manufacturers have gotten
creative but it really it's it is a
sneaky way to keep track because you
know it's it's 2018 everyone I know has
an assault-style rifle this is black I
know people that have the same firearm
the exact same firearm same barrel same
everything with wood stock that nobody's
afraid of but then as soon as they
change the stock and make it that black
assault rifle stop all of a sudden
people are afraid of it and that's a
that's a display we used to have at gun
shows we would have the would stock run
the same firearm and in the black one
and people some people didn't know the
difference and a lot of them are
actually gun owners just because of how
they hype it same guns just wanna have a
wooden stock rather than an AR or sorry
a black stock that looks like an ar-15
so when people are terrified of it
because the media and the politicians
have portrayed them as these crazy
military-style rifles where military
sell rifles
those are the ones that are fully
automatic which is absolutely banned
here in Canada so him trying to push
this agenda it's it doesn't make sense
if you have any inkling of anything
about firearms really it's just him
pushing an agenda to eventually ban guns
altogether that's an excerpt from my
weekly full-length show the gun show on
my show I take on the issues of the day
through my Alberta conservative lens and
I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
