wasn't it fun Monday when we shut down
that libertarian hate speech at King's
College London it got me thinking the
best way for us to spread the message to
smash global capitalism is to form
private entities and sell antifoam
merchandise to college students
worldwide my favorite auntie for new
site whoops wrong Twitter account
my favorite auntie for new site is it's
going down a name which doesn't refer to
the site's dipping traffic that that's
not funny but instead to our revolution
against those pro-gun anti choice free
speech nazis man anyways it's going down
sells the hottest auntie for swag look
you can trade in one of these pieces of
paper with some stupid dead white guy on
it for this super cool hospitalize your
local fascist badge how about this
button that says not gay isn't happy
queer is an fu or this one say no more
presidents I mean we're doing all the
hard work for you America KK ahh
defeating fascist logical profanity and
platitudes or just some punches and
pepper spray that's the hard part all
the universities have to do is shred a
few pieces of paper or take down a few
links online to free speech policies
same thing for Trump in Congress
actually how long would it realistically
take to just draw a line through the
first and second amendments I mean come
on man remember like this sticker pack
says we're fighting for the earth now
you can wear these the next time you
help Evette filar car burn down
buildings and cause a hundred thousand
dollars in property damage and there
were thousands of people out there who
were united there was a mass protest a
militant
test and everyone was there to shut him
down and so whatever it was going to
take to do that we were all there with a
united cause and we're a stunningly
successful remember we're the brave ones
standing up to Nazis and that's why we
need to publish articles anonymously or
use group names and pseudonyms on it's
going down while we Doc's fascists I
take off all this stuff right now but I
actually had this really bad skin
condition and I have to cover up even
when I'm under artificial light now hey
look I know a lot of my comrades are
concerned when our thought leaders like
Dartmouth professor Marc Bray can't even
define fascism and says he hesitates to
confine fascism to an abstract
analytical definition after all you
might ask yourself how will people know
if they deserve to get punched
if anyone and everyone can be a fascist
but that's the point of America man
Liberty freedom the freedom to bend
words to my will and punch whomever I
want reppin East Side and Tifa this is
Rob Jim shock keep on bashing the fash
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
