I was just saying you before we turn the
camera on that it I can't imagine
anything like this has ever happened in
the history of st. George Utah it's not
exactly a hotbed of Islamism I mean if
this was in Dearborn Michigan or or even
in Manhattan New York we would
understand it but but st. George Utah I
guess it gives a sad example of the
reach of online extremism you know the
the Isis may have lost their Black Flag
in Iraq and Syria but apparently anyone
including this kid who wants to join can
run it up a flagpole anywhere on earth
and they may need nothing more than
access to a computer and a bad attitude
and you know we don't know how far he
went down the islamist path but we do
know if you are saying and doing those
things and he lets not even forget he
had a bomb that had he been a little
more skilled and a little less of a
muppet could have killed dozens of his
friends and classmates at that high
school yeah so this is hardly a
light-hearted thing as pathetic as it
sounds yeah no it's a real bomb it
reminds me of Ahmed that Sudanese a
Muslim student who brought a fake bomb
to class that had an alarm that was
rigged and it went off and and he was
taken police came because it was a fake
bomb and maybe a bomb threat and and
everyone said oh how dare you implied
that it was a bomb I'm just glad that
this was detected at st. George and you
don't have that suicidal silence when it
comes to matters Islamic these days oh I
shouldn't say anything because I don't
want to be called an islamaphobe in so
many cases of terrorists in the United
States their neighbors see think
something fishy's going up I think the
San Bernardino case was one like that or
maybe I'm confusing that with Orlando so
many cases but the neighbors stay quiet
because they don't want to be called
racist you know young Achmed sued me
didn't I yeah I'm one of the people he
sued I know he sued banished tomorrow
yeah he should
glenn beck foxnews couple other folks
real because i said which was a fact
that i've actually built a briefcase
bomb using a digital clock as the timer
and it looked exactly like what he took
to that school yeah so in the course of
stating a fact
i mean it's a simple undeniable fact yes
i did it yes it was a digital clock yes
it looked exactly like that i got sued
in order to you know point out that you
probably shouldn't say things like that
so like i believe you're absolutely
correct and saying fortunately you know
whoever this kid was in utah it was
reported the bag was found before it
exploded you know the police took care
of it and nobody died and the kids alive
so we get to talk to him and hopefully
find out what what was going on in his
tortured little pathetic mind that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the ezra
lavance show normally it's behind a
paywall but i thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and i read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
