another massive win for president Donald
Trump as he does with North Korea in
just over a year but the previous three
administrations couldn't do in 24 years
North Korea wants to come to the table
with the United States they're willing
to freeze their nuclear program and
discuss D nuclearization now this is
massive don't listen to the progressives
who are saying and I love this line the
progressives the neocons the the left of
Senate Republicans are saying this is
ridiculous Trump never should have
agreed to this
he's legitimizing North Korea he's
putting them on equal standing with the
United States by meeting them at the
table that's ridiculous look maybe we
could have taken that line with North
Korea in the 1990s Bill Clinton messed
that up maybe we could have taken that
line with North Korea in the 2000s
george w bush messed that up maybe we
could have taken it with North Korea in
the late 2000s Barack Obama really
messed it up in fact he enabled North
Korea and Iran to partner on nuclear
exploration nuclear weapons exploration
no Donald Trump is a pragmatic guy and
he realizes that at this point a hard
line on North Korea is the only way to
operate and that's what he's taken North
Korea's coming to the table for two
reasons
mark my words on this I'm a student of
this I analyze this daily and North
Korea is coming to the table for two
reasons first and foremost Donald Trump
parked a naval group off their coast
when you've got an American aircraft
carrier and a bunch of American nuclear
ballistic must missile submarines
trolling and patrolling around your
waters it makes you pretty nervous
especially when you're a guy who's sabre
rattled Donald Trump also understands
that North Korea does now have nuclear
capabilities they've got the ability to
launch a nuclear tipped ICBM and even if
that rocket isn't as sophisticated as
those here in the u.s. those in China
those in Russia it can still reach our
allies it can devastate Japan North
Korea with conventional artillery can
devastate can obliterate
the manufacturing base and a large
portion of the population of South Korea
but you can't back down to them so one
of the reasons North Korea is coming to
the table is Donald Trump's hardline
militarily the other are tariffs tariffs
yep you heard me right by imposing
tariffs on Chinese steel and Chinese
aluminum Donald Trump is putting a
stranglehold on China now as much as
China owns our debt liberals love to say
this
China's our daddy they own our debt well
it doesn't really matter now does it
China owns our debt but they rely on us
to feed their people the factories those
smokestacks that are going in China 24/7
that gives them a horrible air quality
that the liberals love to complain about
well those factories are churning out
goods to send here to America Donald
Trump put the tariffs on steel knowing
full well he was gonna carve out Canada
and Mexico and by carving Canada and
Mexico out of the imposition of tariffs
he reduced the net impact to American
consumers to basically zero the majority
of our steel comes from Canada anyway
remember that hundred and seventy five
dollar increase in the 30 thousand
dollar price tag of a car we spoke about
last week well now that China's carved
out of the tariff a situation that
number probably goes down a zero or
maybe a dollar or two if that at all on
excuse me maybe a dollar or two if that
at all on the price of a $30,000 vehicle
so the net impact the American consumer
will eventually be zero or will
ultimately be zero
that's why North Korea is coming to the
table because China looked at their
economic situation said this guy Trump
isn't playing he's actually gonna levy
these tariffs it's only a matter of time
before he loves them on clothing before
he levers them on little tchotchkes and
toys and all the other stuff made in
China
99% of what you find in most big-box
stores would be terrible China would be
strangled they'd be crippled so China
most likely got on the phone with Kim
over in North Korea and said it's time
for you to stop hmm
because what you're doing here isn't
good for us it's not good for you it's
not good for anybody and at the end of
the day the US is gonna win now you
couple this with the news that the
United States because of Trump's
deregulation is gonna be the world's
largest net exporter of oil by 2023
North Korea had no choice China had no
choice and you combine those economic
sanctions with that naval carrier group
sitting off your coast well that's kind
of a tight squeeze and the only where to
go is up and to pop out of your hole and
say hey United States okay
checkmate let's come to the table
now do I trust North Korean no not at
all because they played this game before
they played this game in the 90s they
played it in the early 2000s they said
hey we'll denuclearize we'll give up our
nuclear ambitions we'll come to the
table but I don't trust them but this is
the first time we've had a president
that's actually done things that's taken
a hard line so I believe that if Trump
keeps up the pressure and I believe he
will because he initiated the pressure
then we're gonna have a modicum of
success with North Korea I think Kim is
is mentally unstable I don't think we'll
ever have full diplomacy but if we can
get some transparency if we can get the
door open just a crack it allows us to
get intelligence assets into the country
it allows us to gather intelligence both
human and signals to better understand
the situation there and better plan our
next moves if you like this content and
I love bringing it to you and I want to
keep bringing it to you please subscribe
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org comm and sign our
petition I'm gonna deliver that petition
of Florida Governor Rick Scott hoping
and encouraging him to remove
incompetent Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel the time is long past
please go to the App Store download the
rebel a pit is an outstanding way to get
all of our content and again if you've
done all those things or any of those
things I hope you do all those things
thanks very much again as always thanks
so much for watching you have a great
weekend I'll be back with you on Monday
you
