feminism I think we need a bit less of
it here in Canada and a bit more of it
around the world where feminism would
probably mean oh I don't know giving
women the right to vote the right not to
have a we're in a cab or a burka but
that is too tough for our feminists here
feminism even bizarrely means letting
men be women and do things only women
should do seriously in Quebec the head
of the Women's Federation is a man now
he is a man who cut off his penis and
dresses like a woman but I'm sorry that
does not make you a woman here can I
quote from the CBC article that just
loves this scheme
Gabrielle Bouchard was elected last
month as president of the most prominent
women's organization in the province the
Federation they fun du Quebec in taking
over the well-known institution which
has been around since 1966
Bouchard said her goals are to maintain
the organization's mandate equality for
all women in equality between all women
her goals she's not a woman even if she
says she is she's taken over the women's
movement she doesn't know what it is
like to be a woman she knows what it's
like to pretend to be a woman or to want
to be a woman or to try to be a woman
but she is not a woman and that is not
feminism well it is depending on you ask
and these two the Global Mail look at
this headline today this International
Women's Day feminists should finally
accept transgender women
let me quote just one line from this
story let me quote last june the toronto
women's spa body blitz told a potential
client that trans women wanting to visit
must have gender reassignment surgery i
immediately found this unfair while also
understanding that the sight of a penis
in the space reserved for women could be
unexpected even unappealing you don't
say hey a man in a woman's dressing room
just might be unappealing
i'm sorry this is not feminism it is not
it is anti-feminist actually or at least
anti women no wonder the vast majority
of Canadian women say no
Thanks only 18% of Americans identify as
feminists only 7% of Brits say they're
feminists because it means something
gross now like forcing men into a girl's
locker room that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch The Daily Show every day
including all ways to interview today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
