more troubling ties between a Broward
County sheriff's deputy and Associates
of radical Islamic terrorists as I
continued to dig into the problems with
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel one
central figure keeps popping up the
deputy in the Broward County Sheriff's
Office by the name of Mizar Hamza now
Hamza is critically important to
understanding not just sheriff Scott
Israel incompetence but his malfeasance
and his coddling of some very very bad
people
he Hamza is the Regional Florida
Director of care the Council on
american-islamic relations a group
considered a terrorist socia torgan
ization many places in the world now
I've told you previously on the show and
we've put up some photos I've also put
them up with my social media about
Israel and Homs A's associations with
major players in Hamas and their close
close relationship would be a mom of the
dural Illume mosque over in pembroke
pines at than the west side of Broward
County Florida
now that Imam was a spiritual adviser to
dirty bomber Jose Padilla the new
information we've found is even more
troubling to care where Hamza is a major
player has certain mosques that it puts
under their umbrella care off and writes
letters for example they wrote a letter
to the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement asking them to roll back
hard line training on radical Islamic
terror because they didn't like that the
instructor was telling the truth and
when they write these letters there's a
list of associate mosques and one of
those mosques is the Masjid al Hedra in
Miramar Florida miramar's little town in
the southwest corner of Broward County
it's within the confines in the patrol
area of the Broward County Sheriff's
Office but why is this little mushy dal
Hedra mosque significant well hey there
an associate of care where Tom's a the
deputy is a major player where he's an
executive level Regional Director but
more importantly this little mosque gee
this little mosque in Miramar sits on a
plot of land it directly adjoins the
family home of odd none'll shukri Juma
now if you don't know who else Ukridge
umai is I'm gonna tell you he was killed
in 2014 in Pakistan after he rose up the
ranks of al-qaeda became a senior
commander counter terror forces took him
out impact Stanback in 14 now how did he
rise up the ranks of al-qaeda he was one
of the masterminds one of the planners
between behind the 9/11 attacks you
heard me right we put it into place for
you and put some of these puzzle pieces
connect them for you the boyhood home of
odd none else Shakur Juma which is still
owned by his mother and his mother still
lives there so the family home of a 9/11
mastermind who rose up the ranks of
al-qaeda and was significant enough for
counter terror forces to kill him in
2014 in Pakistan sits on the same little
plot of land directly adjoins without
offense the Masjid al he's run mosque if
you were to look at an aerial photo of
these two buildings they appear to be
this on the same plot of land with a
carport separating them an open-air
carport no fence no obstructions no
barriers that mosque that's
interestingly close to the family home
of a 9/11 mastermind if the home still
owned by the mom of that 9/11 mastermind
she still lives there that mosque is a
care associate mosque in other words
like I explained when Kara signs a
letter on something that mosque is
listed as one of the signatories meaning
that Broward County sheriff's deputy
News our Hamza a guy that sure Scott
Israel protects at all costs a guy who
does really nothing in the agency other
deputies want to understand why this guy
is given such attention by the sheriff
one of the mosques under his regional
direction as carers of Florida's
Regional Director
appears to sit on the same property as
the home a family home of a 9/11
mastermind and senior al-qaeda commander
this is beyond bad
this is beyond troubling now I've dug
very deep into this after i source gave
me this information Broward County
property appraiser records do confirm
that these properties are adjoining they
confirm that'll Shukra Juma's mother
still owns and resides in the home
letters from care that are readily
available on the internet confirmed that
this mosque is a signatory when care
complains about things like the Florida
Department of Law Enforcement rat a hard
line on radical Islamic terror and
training their agents their lon forth
they're called agents of an FDLE
training their agents and civilian
analysts on what to look for Kara wants
them to roll that back and not take such
a common-sense approach this is very
very troubling I'm gonna be going really
really deep into this today on my longer
show off-the-cuff Declassified with Kara
terror expert he's a counter-terror
expert specifically for South Florida
joke Alf Minh you're gonna want to watch
that it's gonna be very very interesting
information this is a critically
important story and we're not gonna stop
digging until we get all the answers
this is terribly terribly important
content I'm gonna go much deeper into it
on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified with expert guests like Joe
Kaufman people from the intelligence
community the law enforcement community
in the days and weeks to come I need to
get to the bottom of this and I want to
keep bringing it to you so please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.wgal.com and sign our petition this
man in light of this new evidence and
all the other evidence cannot remain
sheriff for one more day also go to the
App Store download the rebel app great
way to get all this content if you've
done any or all and I hope you've done
all of those things I want to thank you
very very much
and as always thanks so much for
watching I'll be back with you tomorrow
you
