well one of the reasons why parents are
so sensitive to secretive changes to
school curricula is because we all sort
of detect that the school teachers
unions often have some sort of
collateral agenda and if the teachers
unions themselves don't we're
politicians like to take liberties
because they have our children four
hours a day and the fears in Alberta are
always proved to be true by no one less
than Rachel Notley here's a picture of
Rachel Notley at a grade school in
Alberta with children of tender years
and she's not reading some fun story she
is reading an NDP propaganda book the
Tommy Douglas himself would read more
than 50 years ago called Mouse land that
is not a normal book it is a little
screed like mouths little red book that
tells the story from a socialist point
of view I know for a fact that Rachel
Notley did not have parental permission
for this no parents were warned or
allowed to opt out and the teachers were
only too happy to serve up these young
minds to Rachel Notley for propaganda
and if that's what the leader the
premier from the top does well imagine
what the Education Minister David Egan
does we're gonna talk about Alberta
today but don't think this isn't
happening in other jurisdictions and
bringing us the shocking news is a
friend John carpe who was the president
of the Justice Center for constitutional
freedoms a public interest law firm that
fights for civil liberties John great to
see you again it's see us right John I
took a minute to talk about mouseland
because Richard always bragging about
that she's boasting in the fact that
she's reading little papa grant
propagandists creats to to kids but it's
not just what they are positively
subjecting these kids to you have a
shocking report based on internal memos
that you have received of what Rachel
Notley and her Education Minister day
beggin are banning in school so in with
the mouseland propaganda
tell us what they're banning from
schools well the Justice Center sent out
a news release on on Thursday last week
and with a link to documents that the
Alberta government has sent to religious
schools across Alberta demanding that
the remove references from their
anti-bullying policies to the Bible
being the Word of God references to
truth they don't like truth truth is
offensive to diversity the government
says demanding that for example standard
Christian teachings on marriage which
would be you know the same as a Jewish
and Islamic saint marriage is is a union
between a man and a woman and that's a
place where children are to be raised in
that context and that's the only place
where sexual activity is allowed those
types of you know normal statements that
you would expect from any religious
school the government has said get
remove them out of your school policies
because they are opposed to our goal of
creating a get this safe welcoming
caring and respectful learning
environment so let me be clear here I
mean I and I have in front of me your
list of about 20 examples because what
you've just said sounds crazy but I'm
gonna ask you to take us through some of
these I just want to clarify for our
viewers so this goes to Christian
schools this goes to the Catholic
schools this goes to this this goes to
schools that under even our Constitution
I was just looking at our Constitution
yesterday it's specifically the word
Catholic appears in our Constitution two
or three times separate schools two or
three times it's a constitutional right
to have religious education in Canada
you're saying that this is being sent
even to those Catholic and Christian
schools this is being sent to our
knowledge it's being sent to independent
Christian schools or private Christian
schools to my knowledge it has not been
sent to Catholic schools
but you know bullies like to pick on the
little guy and the Catholic schools in
Alberta have more constitutional
protection than do Jewish Muslim and
evangelical Christian schools so the
government is really targeting these
smaller independent schools and is
actually threatening to defund or D
accredit basically shut down the school
if they do not change their policies and
remove these references to the truth and
Bible and Word of God and marriage and
so on the government's actually
threatening to close down these smaller
schools unbelieving but I just have one
and I appreciate the clarification there
that as far as you know they haven't yet
targeted Catholic schools how many of
these independent or smaller Protestant
I'm guessing many of them a Protestant
schools or I don't know all the
different denominations how many schools
would be involved here do you think well
we're aware of 30 learnings that have
received rainbow colors in the document
you know on our website yellow means
it's a reference to truth that you have
to delete because that's an offense
against diversity and they've got you
know pink and green and they've got
different colors for different kinds of
offenses so to speak different different
reasons and so we're aware of 30 schools
having received these color-coded
rainbow demands from the government
insisting that they remove religious
content from their own school policies
you know no one has to go to a Christian
school they can go to a public school it
can go to a Catholic school which is a
little bit different based on my
understand some school there's plenty of
Muslim schools in Alberta those who go
to a Christian school I imagine want it
for some reason I'm looking at your list
of examples so this is going to be
banned this is from a government
document all school groups clubs and
activities must teach demonstrate and
race the biblical perspective that is
the foundation for all school activities
so that statement from a Christian
school basically that they're Christian
that bans it allegedly violates the
school act let me give you one more
example of something that's banned this
is based on the internal government
documents that you have found names of
student groups will be in harmony with
the teaching of Scripture and the value
and faith values in faith perspective of
the school community that also allegedly
violates the school act yeah basically
anything that says yeah we're a
Christian school and you have to sort of
be that way they're they're taking the
saltiness out of the salt to quote the
New Testament aren't they
this is just you know and what blows my
mind is that the you don't neither the
cbc nor the you know Calgary Herald
Calgary Sun Edmonton Journal Edmonton
Sun none of these newspapers have
covered a story that has been out now
for four six six days that it's been out
there was an exception this morning
today Lee Shakur Bella wrote a column in
the Calgary Herald on this subject as a
columnist we still don't have news
coverage to date and this this shocks me
that it's you know you've got in what's
supposed to be a free and democratic
society supposedly a place where you
have the freedom to educate your
children as you deem best where
Christian schools have the right to
exist and actually be Christian and the
Education Minister threatens to shut
down schools if they don't do his
bidding and remove religious content and
the mainstream media are treating this
like it's a minor car accident during
morning rush hour it's not gotten
coverage in six days that it's been out
now that might change because you know
if the rebel is is is covering this and
there are some other non mainstream
media outlets that are giving this some
coverage so we might still get media
coverage but but in the first six days
that this has been out
they're trying to kill the story through
silence as if this is normal and it's
not normal in a democracy when the
Education Minister threatens to shut
down schools if they don't remove
religious content from their own school
policies well why is that not front
front page why is that it would be front
page John you mentioned this is 30
Christian schools I I'm pretty sure it
would be front page if and I'm just
gonna throw you a hypothetical scenario
let's say Doug Ford the new conservative
premier Ontario all the media hate him
he's right-wing so let's say Doug Ford
brought in these same policies he can't
talk about the Bible you can't talk
about religion you can't have any values
but instead of targeting 30 Christian
schools if he targeted 30 Muslim schools
and said you can't have any Sharia law
you can't have any Muslim ideas I put it
to you John then if a conservative
premier said hey you Muslim schools take
the Muslim part out of the Muslim
schools where we're gonna shut you down
I think that would get a little bit of
attention in the press that's just a
hunch I have John yeah oh I'd probably
be front front front page but this is
just you know if this doesn't wake
people up to how rapidly our freedoms
are declining I cannot picture this
having happened 20 years ago ten years
ago even five years ago I don't think
you would have seen an education
minister sending threatening letters to
schools these are not these are not
internal well they're kind of in I
wouldn't say they're internal government
documents these are letters from Alberta
education to the schools and the schools
that given us those letters and we have
posted those letters to a Tory website
but you know even five years ago I don't
think you would have seen an Education
Minister this aggressively that demand
threatening religious schools and
telling them to take the religious
content out of their anti-bullying
policies this wouldn't have happened so
this is this is really serious affront
to our fundamental rights and freedoms
yeah and my point of view we're saying
well yeah I don't
the Christian stuff taught in my school
this isn't in your school I mean if you
don't want a Christian school don't go
to Christian school if you want to go to
public school go to public school you
want to go to Jewish school go to Jewish
school I went to a Jewish school in
Calgary myself and the idea that a
Jewish school would have been told you
can't teach the Jewish part at you
Jewish school well then what's the point
the whole idea was that these this was a
small Jewish School in Calgary forty
years ago where parents said we want to
have a Jewish education in Calgary they
obviously taught the other stuff too
it's a pretty good school fire recall so
this isn't stuff that's being foisted on
students who don't want it this is stuff
that parents want for their own family
for their own point of view in the world
and that's being banned and you're
saying at least thirty schools here I
got a question for you where is the
leader of the Official Opposition in
Alberta Jason Kenney man I used to know
fairly well who I think we could call
him a devout Christian he's Catholic I
remembered you know he's the kind of guy
who attends Latin Mass very very
by-the-book kind of guy he wants to be
premier this attacks freedom of speech
freedom of religion freedom of
association what does Jason Kenney said
about this well so far we've heard
nothing from Jason Kenney or from the
United conservative party and I
certainly hope that will change because
you need to speak up for what's right
you know obviously you can win an
election on economic issues that seem
pocketbook issues seem to carry the day
you know most elections most places most
provinces most countries but I think it
would be sad if the if the United
conservative party were to adopt this
strategy of where we're just going to
coast to an easy victory on the basis of
economic issues when you've got
something that is that is this very
blatant attack by the Education Minister
on fundamental parental rights and and
and religious freedom and freedom of
association well okay it's not just
Jason Kenney there's so many people in
that United conservative party caucus
whether or not they're Christian who
would find this odious in terms of
meddling using kids as political pawns
breach of Collin just the practicalities
of it I mean the school year the school
years already started and they're
demanding these schools immediately
change this so they're going to be
defunded even if the policy was moral
and legal which I don't think it is the
the the smash smash and destroy approach
here ought to evoke a criticism has
there been a single question in question
period as there being a single student
you know is there any back-bencher in
the united conservative party what
worries me about Jason Kenney tonight of
conservatives is that he's so afraid of
the mainstream media of the CBC of the
Toronto Star that that's why he's not
weighing in I know that Jason Kenney
would find this appalling if he spoke to
you in private but I'm worried he's
terrified about speaking out in public
because they'll demonize him as a
right-wing crazy you know and I don't I
I think anybody you know whether you're
atheist or even just a progressive
person who's authentically tolerant this
is just common sense this is a
no-brainer that if you believe in
diversity and education and if you
believe in the right of parents to
choose the kind of education that they
want for their children which is
included in the 1948 Universal
Declaration of Human Rights my parents
have a prior right to choose the kind of
education that shall be given to their
children 1948 that was in response to
the atrocities in World War two where
the government's in well in Nazi Germany
but other other countries as well said
you know the kids belong to the
government and the state has a right to
indoctrinate the children into the state
ideology and that whole thinking was
repudiated with by the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights when it says
parents have a prior right to choose the
kind of education that shall be given to
their children but just one small point
I don't think the legislature in Alberta
is in session currently right thank you
so you
there wouldn't be questions there but
you know this would be a good issue it
would be good to see when the
legislature goes into session which it
will at some point this fall it would be
good to hold the Education Minister to
account over these bullying tactics on
on small and vulnerable independent
schools you know it's really our well
Ian I mean the idea of reading mouseland
to children who are trapped there who
are captive is so gross and i think it
sends a signal to the entire education
establishment that it's fair game to
politicize schools what's so crazy and
Orwellian is the language and again I'm
quoting from your website that the fact
that Christian schools are Christian is
considered a breach of diversity so
every kind of diversity is allowed
except for Christian schools and they're
banning Christian ideas because they say
and I'm reading from the documents on
your website here that these Christian
ideas are quote unwelcoming uncaring
and/or disrespectful so it's it's it's
like punching someone and crying out in
pain as you punch them you're being
disrespectful so I'm disrespecting you
you're being under verse so you're being
bits it's so upside-down but I share
with you your sense of of disappointment
in the mainstream media that from I take
your word for it the no newspapers no
radio stations no TV stations have
weighed in on this and I bet you the
first one to weigh in John will be the
CBC and I bet they'll weigh in in
support of Dave again let me ask you a
question in closing because one of my
favorite things about the Justice Center
for constitutional freedom is you don't
just talk about things you get in there
and you do things are you at liberty to
tell our viewers if at this stage you
are going to act as a lawyer for any of
these schools to push back against this
violation of their free speech religion
and association well you can be sure if
the minister takes
action in terms of defunding or dia
crediting any of these 30 schools we
will be in court within 24-48 hours
asking for an injunction to reverse the
ministers decision because this is a
gross abuse of authority and it's a
gross violation of charter freedoms and
there's just no justification behind it
that's that's going to be credible so
I'm hopeful I'm hopeful that the
Education Minister will not do the wrong
thing which would be to defund and dnt
accredit these schools but we're going
to be in court if if he tries that well
John let me predict right now that you
will be in court because without an
ounce of pushback from the media or from
the allegedly conservative United
conservative parties what would possibly
stop Rachel Notley and David Eggen from
living out their will well it's good
it's good to have you back on the show
John even though it's bad news I
encourage our viewers as they have in
the past to support you go to JCC F dot
CA you can read the document that I've
been referring here to today and you can
donate directly to John John thanks for
being here and please keep us posted on
this matter if any of those schools
actually start to feel the pain from
David egg and if any of them get a
threat to shut them down please come
back and we can talk about joining the
battle in some way absolutely all right
there you have it John carpe with the
Justice Center for constitutional
freedoms that's an excerpt from my daily
show the as relevant show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
