one plays a scientist on TV the other
plays the Prime Minister Science Guy
Bill Nye and Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau held the fireside chat at the
University of Ottawa and it went exactly
the way anyone could have predicted Bill
Nye TVs science guy sat down with the
prime minister for an armchair
discussion designed I don't know
apparently to highlight the Liberals
budget investments in Canadian
innovation the whole thing went down at
the University of Ottawa it was over an
hour of two people pretending to know
what they're talking about and trying to
sound smart well the other nodded
mindlessly as the other one pulled
arguments and points just out of thin
air it was like the blind leading the
blind but they were just sort of going
off a cliff now according to Bill Nyes
biography on speaking com it can cost
anywhere from 50 to 75 thousand US
dollars to have him fly up on a jet from
California to lecture us about climate
change and say ridiculous things about
Canadian oil and gas it's good work if
you can get it I suppose although this
time the Prime Minister's office
confirms that Nye came pro bono he must
just love lecturing us so much that
he'll do it for free I guess it's good
to have passions it's a sweet gig
especially if you aren't even a
scientist and Knight isn't he wears a
costume of a bowtie in a lab jacket to
give himself the appearance of
credibility actually nice started his
science guy's shtick as part of a
stand-up comedy routine in the 80s nye
is a performer nye has a mechanical
engineering degree not even a master's
from Cornell University it's an
accomplishment for sure but it doesn't
really make him a scientist now does it
I'm not saying knives not entitled to
his activism or his opinions but I don't
think it's fair for him to be you know
masquerading as an expert when he isn't
it's completely dishonest you know who
is more
of a qualified Hollywood scientist then
Bill Nye the Science Guy action star
Dolph Lundgren who has a master's degree
in chemical engineering from the
University of Sydney and was the
recipient of a Fulbright scholarship at
MIT anyway I watched the entire live
stream of Bill Nyes fireside chat with
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and I
thought I would bring you three of the
more ridiculous moments of Bill Nye the
Science Guy Stein at the University of
Ottawa with the prime minister let me
start with the very first one that
really sort of grinds my gears as an
Albertan trust me it's not the last one
just watch this and pay close attention
to what Nye calls Fort McMurray and what
he thinks the name of the highly
contentious trans provincial pipeline
from Edmonton through British Columbia
is here I've gotten a lot of messages
from my colleagues in the environmental
community and I have been to Fort
McMurray Alberta it really is an amazing
place in the in the most troubling way
but this pipeline morgan kinder kinder
morgan kinder morgan
if you don't mind mm-hmm tell my
colleagues in the states tell us about
the Kinder Morgan pipeline Fort McMurray
is troubling no Fort McMurray is the
underappreciated economic engine of this
entire great country it's full of
wonderful innovative hearty people and
beautiful scenery the only thing that
really troubles me about Fort McMurray
are the lies told about it and Trudeau
he sat there he didn't correct nigh when
he slandered Fort McMurray he just sort
of nodded right along with him I've got
a real hard time taking advice about the
impact of one little pipeline from an
American who doesn't even know the name
of the pipeline I suspect I'm not alone
in that sentiment okay here's the second
dumbest thing that happened during the
Bill Nye fireside chat here just watch
we discovered that we were fans of
science the thing is that every single
human being starts off as a scientist
when you're a baby you are a scientist
if I you know make this noise Wow I get
milk guys we're all scientists babies
cats dogs anyone or anything that
responds to Pavlovian conditioning we're
all scientists touch the burner on the
stove burn your hand learn not to touch
the burner on the stove again guess what
you're up for a Nobel Prize in
thermodynamics apparently you science
guy remember when Trudeau used to sort
of prattle on about how Stephen Harper
muzzled scientists I'm beginning to
wonder if Trudeau actually thought the
scientists were dogs here's the bigger
picture though somebody from the Prime
Minister's office thought that letting
an intellectual lightweight such as
Trudeau sit on a stage and feign
interest or remote knowledge of anything
scientific would make him seem like a
more serious individual to normal
Canadians instead it just exposed
Trudeau as an even more unserious person
and frankly pretty out of touch with how
normal people approach science but again
the Prime Minister's office while those
are the people that brought us that
disastrous trip to India they're not
exactly known for their great judgment
or maybe maybe someone in the Prime
Minister's office just really doesn't
like Justin Trudeau and they take some
sort of sick evil joy in seeing him
screw up over and over again now that
that's something I can relate to okay
back on the topic at hand here's the
third ridiculous and slightly crazy
thing that came out of Bill Nyes chat
with Justin Trudeau in Ottawa now I
can't find a clip for it but I can't
find a quote from The Canadian Press
it's just sort of weird how nobody had a
camera running when I said this but
that's I guess another issue in the post
chat press conference with journalists
Bill Nye insisted on calling Alberta's
sans tar sands saying and I quote I'm
charmed by the turmoil sand but
everybody knows it's tar that's what it
is end quote
no science guy it's actually called
bitumen colloquially known around these
parts and of course in the industry as
oil sands most tar is produced from coal
as a byproduct of coke production but it
can also be made from petroleum products
peat or even wood but environmentalists
frequently use the pejorative tar sands
to make the oil sands seem dirty and
yucky and gross and what is in the
ground and leaching into the river in
Fort McMurray is certainly not tar and
saying it is isn't very sciency at all
but maybe that's because Bill Nighy just
can't say the word bitumen and I
actually do have a clip for that just
watch this clip from the agenda with
Steve Paikin and try to ignore just try
to ignore the baseless assertions from
Bill Nye about some sort of
environmental destruction and wasteland
happening in Alberta the word at the end
that he's trying to say is bitumen just
watch about a third of the forests and
destroy it in Auburn for the sake of
getting this by to man out it's like
Bill Nye has different muscles operating
his tongue than the rest of us do you
know what I'd like to know the science
behind that but poking fun of Bill Nye
aside he doesn't know anything about the
reality of Canadian oil and gas he
doesn't even know what the pipeline is
called but he's a self-appointed
expert on it and he's against it and he
doesn't know what to call this substance
that we plan to put in the pipeline but
he's here to tell us that the pipeline
is bad and it's going to destroy the
world
Bill Nye came to Canada to bash our oil
and gas in the middle of a rapidly
deteriorating pipeline crisis a crisis
that according to a report from the
University of Calgary is causing Alberta
to lose 7.2 billion dollars each and
every year in government revenues and
Trudeau gleefully took this stage with
him I guess we know
we're Justin Trudeau stands he stands on
a stage with a fake Hollywood scientist
and against albertans for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gunnery Albertans
deserve strong effective moral
representation in Ottawa and that's why
I want former Liberal MP dharshan Kang
to fire himself now that he's been found
to have sexually harassed a female
subordinate to sign my petition asking
him to quit go to fire Kang calm
you
