I hit the streets of Broward County
today to film our Jumbotron truck and to
talk to Broward County residents and
voters about their opinion of sheriff
Scott Israel today Friday March 2nd we
are really ramping up and amping up the
volume Varo WWF ire Scott Israel dot-com
campaign in Broward County Florida we
want Florida Governor Rick Scott to
remove Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel for incompetence malfeasance
dereliction of duty and an inability to
take responsibility an inability to be
accountable and a complete lack of
leadership he is a horrible guy and an
even worse chief law enforcement officer
so we here at the Revel have hired a
Jumbotron truck where we are listing all
of Scott Israel scandals while he's been
in office there are calls to action to
remove Scott Israel from office fire
Scott Israel this truck will be parked
in front of the Broward County Sheriff's
Office and then be driving down Broward
Boulevard into downtown Fort Lauderdale
Broward Boulevard is the main road on
which the headquarters of the Broward
County Sheriff's Office sits and it's a
straight shot east to downtown Fort
Lauderdale we're gonna be sending that
truck from the Broward County Sheriff's
Office through downtown Fort Lauderdale
and back again over and over again so
that residents of Broward County can get
engaged people here in Broward County
where my studio is located are
infuriated infuriated and they want
sheriff Scott Israel removed today he
won't resign he's too arrogant we're
gonna send our truck through downtown
Fort Lauderdale sponsored by the rebel
we're gonna get as many eyeballs as we
can we're gonna list Scott Israel
scandals and our call to action is WWWF
are Scott Israel calm sign our petition
a petition I will hand deliver to the
Broward County Commission Florida
Attorney General Pam Bondi and Florida
Governor Rick Scott
ww-why are Scott Israel calm please go
they're inside thanks very much
our jumbotron truck calling for the
firing of Scott Israel sheriff Scott
Israel of Broward County is passing by
me right now he's going to be out here
all day back and forth in front of the
sheriff's office headquarters which you
can see behind me and then up and down
Las Olas Boulevard the main drag that
runs right through the heart of downtown
Fort Lauderdale we're gonna be doing
interviews with residents of Broward
counties to see what they think about
our campaign to have Scott Israel
removed by Florida Governor Rick Scott
but I can tell you just a few people
have spoken to here on the street in
front of the Broward County Sheriff's
Office people driving by in their cars
they didn't have time to be interviewed
well they were overwhelmingly
overwhelmingly supportive in fact I
haven't had one not a single solitary
negative response again the response has
been overwhelmingly positive to fire
Scott Israel to have him removed by
Florida Governor Rick Scott Ryan what's
your opinion on the Florida Department
of Law Enforcement at the request of
Governor Rick Scott launching an
investigation into Broward County
Sheriff Scott Israel's handling of the
massacre at Stoneman Douglas High School
in parkland yeah I mean I definitely
need to think it needs to be looked into
a little bit and I think he's doing his
due diligence and whatever that
investigation entails
I think whatever comes out of it is you
know I'll trust the opinion of the
government so so if the investigation
resulted in a findings of malfeasance
and competence things that nature
against the sheriff and the governor
removed him you'd support that decision
sure yeah I think they are in their
position for a reason and I'll trust
their decision thank you very much
Harold what do you think about the
governor the Attorney General and the
now the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement all calling for an acting on
an investigation into sheriff Scott
Israel I think it's good to investigate
why they went to a slope and no one time
to prevent the massacre with her so you
support what the governor the Attorney
General and the Florida Department of
Law Enforcement are doing yes yes I do
because that was the reaction what to
Oslo and the I had time to kill all this
you know so the reports about the
deputies waiting outside that's what
bothers you most that's what you'd like
to see investigated to find out why that
happened yes not only that to all the
other offices take time to get there you
know no solution after they get there
everybody was killed the tragic incident
yes thank you very very much for your
time
much appreciated what do you think right
now about the state launching an
investigation into the sheriff are you
for it are you against it as a Broward
County resident what are your feelings
well I guess they maybe have to
investigate it because it's a public
matter but I feel like it maybe makes it
a little tougher on those guys to do
their job if they feel like they can get
a lot so much backlash well let me ask
you most people are very supportive of
the men and women at the Broward County
Sheriff's Office they feel the deputies
do a great job day in and day out this
investigation is solely focused on the
top man sheriff Scott Israel who has
failed to be accountable for what
happened in parkland
do you think that's a justifiable
investigation well you you have to
investigate I mean it's a it's a it's a
public matter right and so we have to
hold everybody accountable and if there
was wrongdoing I guess an investigation
would uncover it but yes any public
matter you should you should investigate
what's most important to residents of
Broward County voters a Broward County
like TJ is accountability and they just
don't feel that sheriff Scott Israel has
been accountable after the deaths of 17
innocents in parkland Florida at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School
my opinion is they need to do a thorough
investigation to determine what what
happened
now if the findings reveal wrongdoing
and
well there you have it some people here
are very intimidated by sheriff Scott
Israel in fact that's been the norm when
I go to ask people questions about
whether or not he should be fired they
tend to do that they appear very afraid
so I don't know if Scott Israel has been
intimidating people if they're told not
to speak but very very unusual that I've
seen citizens in the United States of
America this intimidated by someone
elected to serve them
shortly after I wrapped shooting today
in front of that building on Las Olas
Boulevard in downtown Fort Lauderdale
that houses county offices the building
out of which people came county
employees to ask me questions all kinds
of questions why was I there what was I
doing
who was I asking questions about the
same building out of which came the two
women who snapped cellphone photos of me
and clearly with sending them to someone
I presume sheriff Scott Israel or allies
of his the building manager called Fort
Lauderdale Police Department on me now
it's very important to note that about
15 to 20 minutes prior to that security
came out of the building and informed me
that our tripod was touching their
property line I didn't realize that it
looked like it was the sidewalk and
within a few seconds I had moved this
the tripod well away from their property
line onto a public area of the sidewalk
there was no reason for the police to be
called Fort Lauderdale Police responded
and they were absolutely outstanding
very professional and we're essentially
laughing at the incident they asked me
what happened and I explained and they
basically wanted to know why they were
even there I said I don't know and then
they said the property manager and I
presume some people who work for the
county inside that building said they
didn't want the exterior of the building
to be part of our report to which I told
the police with all due respect the lens
of the camera catches what it catches
and our tripod was in a legal in a legal
place on a public sidewalk and if the
camera so happened to catch the facade
of their building so be it the police
agreed with me we shook hands
I wish them to be safe for the rest of
the day they wished us good luck and we
all went on our way
but isn't it telling that when we're
trying to do an expose on one of the
most embattled and incompetent Charis in
the United States on the heels of me
reporting and tweeting about the Broward
County Schools Superintendent Robert
Runcie who won't give us any comment on
why 800 million dollars of a 2014 bond
appropriation hasn't yet been spent on
school upgrades nine point seven million
of which was to go to Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland who
fortified a hard in that school was in a
peculiar that we're outside of a brown a
building that houses Broward County
government offices and were in a
perfectly legal place exercising our
First Amendment rights as media in a
perfectly legal place that even the Fort
Lauderdale Police acknowledge is
perfectly legal they came we shook hands
they left isn't it telling that Broward
County employees called
those same police officers on us it's
even more telling the Broward Sheriff's
Office didn't come and they could have
the city of Fort Lauderdale sits in
Broward County the Sheriff's Office has
jurisdiction in the county and in the
city but they didn't come now do I know
for a fact that the people who call the
police on us for cronies of Scott Israel
know but why else would the police have
been called we're in a legal place we
were more than polite we were often
joking around and engaging with
passers-by not to mention this is
essentially the neighborhood I live in
many of the people walking by on the
street I know personally I see our to
happy hour we eat at the same
restaurants we're shaking hands were
joking around
many are politically like-minded many
others aren't there was nothing about
the situation that warranted a call from
the police even the police thought so
when they showed up again I want to
reiterate how outstanding the Fort
Lauderdale Police were a professional
polite friendly and realized they were
wasting their time when they should have
been out there looking for actual
criminals but it's very very telling
that this only happened we were in
multiple locations today including
outside of the Broward County Sheriff's
Office on Fort Lauderdale Beach in to
shopping centers but only when we were
outside of offices that house entrenched
democratic government
bureaucrats many appointees by the far
left Broward County administration's
multiple administration's the school's
the superintendent of school Broward
schools the cronies around Democrat
sheriff Scott Israel in the Sheriff's
Department and all of the other
departments that tend to have Democratic
appointees it was only when we were
outside of that building that we had any
issue with the police in fact while on
Fort Lauderdale Beach which was
incredibly crowded vehicular pedestrian
traffic and I had our tripod on one of
the busiest corners a1a in Las Olas
Boulevard several police officers drove
by and waved they had no issue only when
I got outside of the county building
that houses many many Democrats loyal to
Scott Israel where the police called on
us for no reason whatsoever a finding
made by the police themselves we're
gonna stay on this story we're gonna
stay on Scott Israel so please go to
WWII is real calm and signed our
petition well I can personally deliver
that petition at Governor Rick Scott and
show him that it isn't only politicians
it isn't only our Attorney General Pam
Bondi it isn't only Republicans in
Florida who want Scott Israel removed
from office it's everyone everyone can
see his incompetence everyone can see
his lack of accountability and we're
also going to be following up on that
missing eight hundred million dollars
that was supposed to have gone to
improvements in Broward school
you
