March 14th is the day depending on how
you look at it it's the day you either
view children and teens being proactive
and taking safety matters into their own
hands or it's the day that children are
used as props in the lefts never-ending
quest to eradicate American Second
Amendment freedoms students across
America on March 14th will be walking
out of classrooms and marching for
changes in gun laws and while I believe
that change is absolutely necessary it
has nothing absolutely nothing to do
with removing guns from the hands of
lawful gun owners and everything to do
with securing schools fortifying
entrances and exits and by the way stop
putting children in gun-free zones that
basically tell a shooter hey we're open
for business and vulnerable fire Oh a
gun free zones deter gunman about as
much as a t-shirt that says no cancer
allowed will prevent you from getting
lymphoma Sam treat who is a student at
Garfield High School in Washington State
spoke to a reporter from Seattle's Kay
iro and said the generation before us
has not done a great job of doing action
Sam my generation didn't need to do
action because we weren't going around
shooting up schools with the exception
of Columbine which as we all know was an
enigma at the time maybe it's because I
grew up in the 80s and 90s but my
generation didn't feel compelled to kill
each other
we had fistfights at Rogers Texico the
gas station closest to my high school
and the worst thing that was ever going
to happen to you was a broken nose or a
black eye at any rate Sam continued to
the reporter so we're planning a walkout
in addition to 17 minutes of silence for
the 17 victims because it's important to
honor parkland we're going to have
booths where you can make signs booths
where you can register and pre register
to vote because that's how we're going
to get our voices heard so they're
apparently still on the voting thing
which is fine but at least now they're
not trying to lower the voting age I
think that possibly they realized that
as long as Tide Pods are around as a
reminder of millennial stupidity that's
just not going to happen many school
systems have an
that their students participating in the
protest will be marked tardy or absent
and have forbidden teachers and other
staff members from participating which I
find to be a good thing if students want
to participate they have to take the hit
to their attendance record just like
they would if they were missing school
for any other reasons so do you have
children who are planning to participate
or are planning on refraining from
participating let us know in the
comments i'm amanda head for the rebel
thanks so much for watching if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
