there were just a few things promoted
the Oscars that I would like to help set
straight if you gave any credence to the
show and watched it you would think a
few things about America's culture one
we have always discriminated against
women too we are always races in three
we cannot help but sexually harass
everyone the only problem is we do not
have the problem Hollywood does and
these problems weren't suddenly solved
in 2016 with diversity quotas and being
so woke after Trump was elected not to
mention the current grandstanding is
completely disrespectful to these true
pioneers that forge their careers with
grace and talent and not narcissistic
complaining but one thing is true
Hollywood really does have a sexual
harassment problem and probably always
will but let's do some reality checks
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
first one of the main points that Jimmy
Kimmel pushed was that we finally have a
black superhero lead in Black Panther we
finally got it he says well he must have
forgot all the dozens of cartoons and
comic books of the one in focus now but
let's talk about black superhero leads
the movie blade was a Marvel superhero
movie made in 1998 this was a smash hit
and was greenlit by the studio's before
spider-man or x-men so popular even it
made a trilogy that's right a black
superhero lead making a trilogy series
and let's not forget about Hancock
starring Will Smith in 2008 this was
actually a biracial love story as well I
bet there are people protesting in the
streets no it was a hundred and fifty
million dollar production grossing over
six hundred million dollars worldwide
and let's not forget either about the
shaft and steel starring check which
steel actually was negative a movie but
the other ones are really good second
women are discriminated and put down
everywhere specifically when it comes to
female directors this was constantly
pushed well it's been my absolute
pleasure to have worked with two
different female directors Britney
Goodwin and Jen Page and keep in mind
they have been directors for years and
been pushing the craft well before this
was pushed at the Oscars so if that's
the case and they had careers long
before we started pushing this what men
did they have to kill to become
directors the answer none they just
decided to be directors oh and for the
Oscars itself even only 7% of movies
made each year are done by women
there have been four women nominated for
Best Picture including the first
nomination back in 1977 and Kathryn
Bigelow winning for her work in The Hurt
Locker
but let's look at the 7% why is there a
more shallow pool to pull from when it
comes to female directors and giving
awards to movies let me ask you this if
you take a room of a hundred girls who
had not been indoctrinated by postmodern
feminist parents and just simply ask
them what they wanted to do do you want
to be a glamorous actress or a
meticulous director working behind the
camera and work at that craft your
entire life I would say about nine to
ten would raise their hand and want to
be a glamorous actress when you simply
allow people to choose what they want to
dedicate their entire life to to be that
good they naturally section themselves
off and keep in mind that directing is
one very meticulous small Department of
film there have been many accomplished
incredible female writers that is one of
the most lucrative li paid parts of
moviemaking and you wouldn't see people
complain about the lack of men in makeup
design and costume design just like you
wouldn't complain about there being a
lack of
women working as grips on set even
though there are plenty of course in all
categories because different people
decided to different things also the
pays gap this is absolutely stupid there
is a sag minimum wage that everyone must
abide by and it is very very generous
you can't pay people less if you're a
woman because of the differents a great
however you can negotiate giant
contracts depending on how popular you
are and how much revenue you can bring
to the movie for example Julia Roberts
is one of the highest pay people of all
time and made tons of money in the 90s
because she can negotiate incredible
contract Jennifer Lawrence has also been
a top paid actress in Hollywood for many
many years this kind of thing goes in
cycles currently the past 10 years at
least two of the top pay people on TV
have both been women
Marissa Haggerty of Law & Order and
Ellen Pompeo of Grey's Anatomy and we
already covered the Mark Wahlberg thing
they talked about yes he just had a
better contract than his co-star but he
was also the highest-paid actor the
entire year and that kind of makes sense
let's take a little history lesson
because maybe this was only recently
fixed in the past two years of political
grandstanding
you know who the first actor was that
was so popular they could demand any
salary from the studio because the
audience wanted this person so bad it
was probably a straight white male you
asked no it was Mary Pickford in 1918
100 years ago when she famously and
jokingly said I cannot work for less
than $10,000 a week but it's impossible
it's before third wave feminism and all
these diversity quotas keep in mind she
was 25 so maybe she was a sexual icon
and a symbol know if you look up any
historical records on her she was
literally the girl next door that was
just adored by people she wasn't
exploited for sexuality and sorry
Millennials if you don't know this
reference but the most popular person in
the past hundred years is by far Lucille
Ball her show I Love Lucy being so
popular that many offices would close
down when it was actually time for the
show to start because no one would ever
leave their house when I Love Lucy was
on and even though there's some debate
about this next example of rin-tin-tin a
German Shepherd being the first Oscar
winner in 1929 because they were forced
to vote for a human it is without doubt
that he was the most popular person in
Hollywood a German Shepherd was the most
profitable person and literally saved a
studio because of how much the audience
wanted to support and see this dog it
sounds like the country as a whole
doesn't care about sex gender or even
species but what about the racial
discrimination and I am an immigrant
constantly being pushed at this year's
Oscars and that is the point there are
so many people so many terrific artists
and immigrants that have come in United
States and been performers
Hollywood that could even go through and
list all the awards and movies that
they've accomplished the only thing
that's ever been talked about in the
media or anything is illegal immigration
guess what Camille de Toro you came here
legally good for you man keep making
awesome movies and the highest grossing
actor of all time is samuel l.jackson
believe it or not yes and this was 30
years ago before all the sudden we got
so woke about diversity quotas but that
is not even the most infuriating
narrative about the American people that
there's trying to be pushed in the
public and that is that sexual
harassment is so rampant and entrenched
in our society that only Hollywood
making a stand can stop it
reality check we didn't have a casting
couch you did and guess what the vast
majority of Americans don't know people
who are abusing women Hollywood does did
and then grandstands over people that
had nothing to do with it and didn't
take part in that horrible act all this
to say he's truly outstanding people
weren't beloved watched and supported by
Americans because this studio decided to
make a push for diversity Hollywood was
forced to provide a platform to these
people because of outstanding talent and
drive and because the American people
wanted to watch and love them the
reality is that in general if you are
talented every day people will be
captivated by you and do not care if
you're a minority a woman or even a
German Shepherd
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
if you haven't done it already you can
now download the rebel media app that
way you have access to the entire rebel
lineup and can take it with you wherever
you go
you
