hey no argument here screaming out F her
right in the you know where is rude it's
vulgar it's crass but should it be
illegal nope
so Heather Gillis a reporter with NTV
and Newfoundland experienced the dreaded
phenomena of someone yelling ever right
in the P or fh r ITP as its come to be
known not sure when this trend began or
why and folks if you really must sonic
balmy TV journalists can't we just keep
it to the PG rated Baba Booey or hit him
with behind in any event according to a
CBC report Gillis tracked down the CAD
who uttered the expletive Justin Penton
and Penton was criminally charged under
Section 175 one of the criminal code for
causing a disturbance
but recently judge Colin Flynn referring
to a Supreme Court of Canada decision
didn't think that the alleged offense
met the legal requirements of causing a
disturbance in a public place alas so
much for Heather Gillis's claim that the
F H R ITP outburst
made for a sexual harassment and even a
workplace safety issue
hey I know these interruptions suck for
journalists but come on Gillis having
your feelings hurt doesn't quite qualify
as sexual harassment and to call that a
safety issue that's laughable and if
anyone out there is thinking Oh easy for
you to say men's I had given that you're
in this insulated studio and you don't
have to deal with this rubbish well
friends I can say we experience the
fhritp disturbance almost every single
time we venture out to shoot a
generation Trudeau segment you want
proof check out these highlights or are
they low light steam
it's the first one tonight Oh classy now
in light of the judge's decision some
are calling for new laws to be
introduced to ban such lewd outbursts
I bet the advocates for such laws are
the same censorship happy folks who
support m103 the so called anti
Islamophobia motion but here's the crux
of the matter isn't the risk of being
outed as a vulgar dimwit enough of a
penalty because I'll also bet you that
given the unwanted attention Penton has
received he undoubtedly wishes he kept
his Mel's if that day
same for Shan Simoes remember him check
out mr. smooth defending his friends use
of vulgarity and then adding some more
vulgarity of his own Somozas the guy in
the yellow shirt that shows up halfway
through the clip you would humiliate me
on live television every single day 10
times when you talk into my microphone
and say that into my camera to viewers
at the station I work at it is
respectful and we're not the only people
it happened in England do you know that
it's really not funnier like in England
because it happened all the time it's
amazing if your mom I saw you told my
mom who died laughing eventually alas
this report went viral and Simoes was
not only humiliated he also lost his job
at Hydra one while he was hired back
some six months later I'd say half a
year without a paycheck is quite the
kick in the you know where which goes to
show that while one may be free to act
like a pig sometimes there can be
consequences when it comes to embracing
such a right however what we don't need
is yet more laws telling us what we can
and cannot say all in the name of
protecting people from having their
feelings hurt for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey folks
have you heard the news the rebel has a
brand new app downloaded and take the
rebel wherever you go
you
