if you listen to the mainstream media
you'll believe that sam nunn Berg's epic
meltdown yesterday was the end of the
Trump presidency but it's not if outlets
like CNN and MSNBC and the New York
Times and Washington Post and the list
goes on and on and on were even remotely
ethical they would tell you that Sam
Nunn Berg this guy who had an epic
meltdown yesterday after receiving a
subpoena from Robert Muller well he
claims he received a subpoena from
Robert Muller we haven't actually seen
it they would have you believe that Sam
Nunn Berg's meltdown and his comments
that from probably did something wrong
and then he's backpedaling that well he
really doesn't know but maybe it
happened they would have you believe
it's the end of Trump what they're not
telling you and the ones that are
burying in in stories about 12
paragraphs down 42 words in that nunberg
only worked on the Trump campaign for
about a month and a half during the
primary he came on board sometime around
June of 2015 and was fired after a
series of racially charged posts on
Facebook around August of 2015 fired by
the Trump campaign for his inappropriate
behavior in other words this guy sam
nunn berg wasn't even on the campaign
during the general election he had
nothing to do with the win now clearly
from his statement Sam numbered has some
kind of allegiance to Roger stone I've
never been a Roger stone fan I find
Roger stone a bit immature Roger stone
is a South Florida based guy we have
mutual friends I run into Roger stone it
at GOP events down here in South Florida
over the years Roger stone has been
known as a political genius for a
Machiavellian he's engaged in dirty
tricks he's been very very effective but
I feel that Roger stone was nothing but
problems for the Trump campaign and
knowing many many people who worked on
the Trump campaign who architected the
strategies that led to the win names
like Brad Parr scale who architected the
data piece of the campaign that micro
targeting that really showed Trump what
voters sentiment was Brad Parr scale now
of course picked as campaign manager I
look at people like Brad Parr scale is
architecting the win of
campaign and Trump's diehard
hard-working state directors but Netflix
does a documentary saying you know
something to the effect of it's it's
searching for Roger stone or something I
forget the exact name of it and in the
byline it says my Trump might have won
the election but it was Roger stone
strategies that God in the White House
that's absolutely not true I can tell
you beyond the shadow of a doubt having
covered the campaign as media having
been to the rallies having been
backstage having spoken to senior
campaigns they have having sources but
just observing the day-to-day operations
of the Trump campaign especially in
Florida the most critical battleground
Roger stone was a fraction of a fraction
of the reason that Donald Trump won the
White House if his strategies really had
any impact at all it was really Donald
Trump's economic and america-first
message and the frustration of
blue-collar voters who won the Sen
nunberg out their grandstanding saying I
won't give up Roger stone they want me
to testify against Roger stone appears
to me to be more of a PR play than
genuine histrionics although he came off
very very unhinged yesterday on CNN with
Erin Burnett now I feel that CNN's Erin
Burnett did something very very
unethical at one point during the
interview Erin Burnett said I smell
alcohol on your breath he said he had
taken nothing he had drank nothing he
had taking no other substance taken no
other substance except his
antidepressants this from a CNN story
and from the interview with Evan Burnett
Erin Burnett but if Erin Burnett thought
if even 1% of her thought that she was
interviewing somebody who was
intoxicated now clearly there was
something wrong with Sam Nunn Berg on
the interview ethically professionally
Erin Burnett should have stopped the
interview rescheduled it or cancelled it
all together you don't when you're in
journalism when you do interviews have
that much have that much of an advantage
over your interview subject this guy was
clearly unhinged so maybe he was afraid
the mauler subpoena he did some really
really bizarre things some incredibly
bizarre things I'm not gonna honor this
subpoena now do I disagree with him on
that one no Iping Muller is engaging in
in ridiculous fishing expeditions
I'm gonna be talking to Jordan Jacque
tell from conservative review later on
my longer shell off-the-cuff
Declassified and we're gonna discuss all
of the problems Jordan's been doing some
great work on that I've been doing a lot
of work on it we often chat back and
forth on social media really really
sharp guy good national security
analysts we're gonna be talking about
all the problems we have at Muller so in
theory I don't disagree with none Berg's
frustrations but in practice I think
what man Berg is doing is ridiculous
he's poisoning his own brand because
he's making himself look unhinged and
foolish he's aligning with Roger stone
and if you look at the history of this
anyone who's aligned with Roger stone
has really come out on the losing end
because I think Roger stone is at a
place in his career where he's trying to
find his niche but doing it like a bull
in a china shop and it's working against
those he's trying to help and we're
gonna go much deeper into all that like
I said on my longer show off-the-cuff be
classified right here on the rebel this
is really interesting stuff and I want
to keep bringing it to you every day so
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.mediaed.org are a common our
petition to have Florida Governor Rick
Scott
remove Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel for his incompetence the deadly
deadly massacre at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland Florida
also go to your App Store download the
rebel app and if you've done all those
things or any of those things thank you
very very much we really appreciate it
as always thanks so much for watching
I'll be back with you tomorrow
you
