all buddy Kanye is talking about slavery
again and I'm gonna break it down for
you today on the Hollywood conservative
for the rebel
I think that sometimes people are
misunderstood especially when people are
trying to be inspiring and thoughtful
and provocative Kanye West was
slaughtered on social media for comments
about the Thirteenth Amendment but I
will get to that shortly
Kanye has lost some friends lately as a
black rapper you can imagine that many
of his peers have abandoned him for
supporting this president and speaking
out about Democrats mental enslavement
of minorities of course he is not wrong
Democrats going all the way back to LBJ
Roosevelt and the New Deal have managed
to all but ensure that minorities
particularly blacks are obligated to
vote for them thanks to programs like
welfare and section eight once you start
utilizing these programs if not before
because of familial associations and
peer pressure you now feel obligated to
vote for the party who gives handouts as
opposed to lending a hand up it's the
bigotry of low expectations and Kanye
West's eyes have been open to the
Democrat scheme so as a result he has
been labeled and Uncle Tom a coconut and
a clown now I would argue that if you're
condemning a man for having his own
unique and independent thoughts and
ideas that makes you the clown anyway on
Saturday Night Live over the weekend
Kanye showed up wearing a make America
great again hat for which by the way he
was bullied by friends and told not to
wear it from members of the party of
open-mindedness and inclusion of course
kanye performed his new song called
ghost town and at the conclusion of his
performance he decided to share a few
things that were on his heart he told
the members of the audience this
most ajit what you feel inside you know
it's like planning to take the father's
have the home and promote welfare is a
democratic plan of course he is
referring to the lyndon b johnson
administration basically going
door-to-door telling black women that if
there is not a man in the house they can
get more money they held wedding
ceremonies right there on the front
steps of these homes and black
communities marrying the single mothers
to the government accepts instead of a
wedding ceremony with flowers and cake
it was welfare checks and down ballot
voting for democrats and instead of
congratulations and best wishes in the
new marriage it keep having babies keep
getting money and never ever aspire to
anything greater than that following his
performance on Saturday Night Live he
told TMZ in an interview this I am
American and I support and give my ideas
and support and brilliance to whoever
ends up in office that's my stance as an
American I support our president bottom
line no matter who they are this
represents to me y'all can't bully me
and then recounting to the host of TMZ
Harvey Levin about when people tried to
rip his hat off his head he said ain't
nobody ripping my hat off again and
Sunday he tweeted a photo of him on a
plane wearing his make America great
again hat and in the caption wrote this
this represents good at America coming
becoming whole again we will no longer
outsource to other countries we build
factories here in America and create
jobs we will provide jobs for all who
are free from prison as we abolish the
Thirteenth Amendment message sent with
love so his reference to the Thirteenth
Amendment obviously was not received
very well the Thirteenth Amendment which
obviously said that neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude except as a
punishment for crime aware of the party
shall have been duly convicted shall
exist within the United States so what
did he mean by abolish the Thirteenth
Amendment obviously he wasn't suggesting
that we reinstate slavery and anyone
suggesting that
is true is willfully ignorant or
intentionally incendiary so he explained
to Harvey Levin on TMZ that he misspoke
saying abolished slavery that he
actually meant amend so and then an
amendment doesn't really make sense
however he went on to explain and say
this in 1865 the Thirteenth Amendment
stated that no man is destined to
slavery or involuntary servitude unless
convicted of a crime this translates to
in order to make a freed man a slave all
you have to do is convict them of a
crime you know there's people getting
paid 8 cent a week working for companies
you know that privately owned and you
know a lot of them are first-time
offenders a lot of them are nonviolent
so he's kind of making sense there and
for the reasoning behind his very
somewhat confusing commentary this
administration is working very hard on
prison reform just this summer the House
passed a bill called first step act
which among other things allows
prisoners to earn time credits for
completing programs in prison and then
use those credits to serve remaining
days of their sentence in a halfway
house or home confinement it allows them
to get kind of a head start on their
future and statistics show that prison
programs like this drastically decrease
the recidivism rate
upon release gosh it's almost like this
administration wants to help the black
community out of incarceration and to
become contributory members of society
see Hollywood celebrities all it takes
is just a little bit of research to find
these things out and then you learn that
Donald Trump isn't actually that big bad
orange boogeyman that you all thought
that he was go figure the more you know
thanks for watching everybody I'm Amanda
head the Hollywood conservative for the
rebels
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at www.fortuigence.com
instant and easy access to all of our
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
