if you miss the 2018 Oscars I envy you
even after the producers of the Oscars
claim they would steer away from
politics because they're plummeting
ratings spoiler alert they didn't but
there was a glimmer of hope and Gary
Oldman's speech where he actually
thanked America for the opportunities it
gave him and not condemning it while
every other celebrity condemned America
and then grovelled and begged for you to
come back to the theater so you can pay
them so they can continue to do that
over and over again jeez I wonder why
they would have to do that I'm bid
Davies this is pure Hollywood
now I also think there was some great
good that came out of the Oscars and I
want to explain a little bit of that I
think the curtain was pulled back and
was shown very clearly what is going on
how specific the ideology is why we're
making these pushes and the result of it
let me explain everything was super left
I mean there were literally rappers
rapping against the NRA and Trump and
conservatives they were making fun of
old people that watch Fox News they were
promoting anyone who was an immigrant
condemning the United States and how
racist it is now misogynist is and how
the men here are awful constantly
pushing this and promoting it throughout
the entire lineup and this was
highlighted by Jimmy Kimmel saying that
he even wished he was a woman said that
the Oscar statue was the perfect
embodiment of a man because he keeps his
hands to himself and he doesn't have a
penis and that even though many movies
at the Oscars don't make any money
whatsoever they make movies like call me
by your name which is a movie about
homosexual pedophilia specifically
because it Mike Pence and people like
him and here is the greatest part even
during the biggest show of the year the
most expensive showcase of the of the
movies and Hollywood and what we're
about they had to grovel to the audience
on three different occasions to come
back to the movie theater we appreciate
you guys we're still on your side even
though we're constantly condemning over
half of you that pay all of our salaries
and this is the good that I think came
from this it was very clear that yes
we're unapologetically so far left we've
absolutely disappeared in our own
community in this crazy think tank we
make movies just to anger people that
think differently than us and we need to
grovel in our designer clothes while
clutching our megaphone to get you to
come to the theater to pay us to do it
over again that was the 2018 Oscars in a
nutshell however I think there was a
glimmer of hope
specifically in Gary Oldman's speech
Gary Oldman has been a top-tier actor
for 30 years he is dedicated to his
craft so intensely that he has even lost
his native accent he spoke about coming
from London to America and then thanked
America the country its people for
giving him the opportunity to a win this
award and
an actor and what is so great is that he
didn't complain about the dozens of
other times he deserved to be nominated
or even win unlike every other celebrity
that had gone up on stage and complained
about how hard and awful United States
is how it keeps people from moving
forward how difficult it is to make it
in Hollywood while simultaneously
praising these other places like Mexico
and Pakistan or wherever let me ask you
this which one of those countries would
have allowed you to have the opportunity
the success the fame the career that you
have because of the United States its
culture and its policies I mean
literally it was that crazy but the good
news is many of these people who
apparently have so much disdain and
animosity towards people who think
differently than they do are now begging
on their hands and knees for us to come
back and pay their checks
let's see how that goes I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood in awesome news
like super awesome news you can now
download the rebel media app and take me
with you and have access to the entire
rebel lineup
you
