land expropriation without compensation
that's a whole lot of syllables to say
one simple thing we're going to take
your land and we don't need your
permission and that's what the new
leader of the ANC Cyril Ramaphosa
announced in his State of the Nation
Address last month and he's begun
amending the Constitution to make it
happen back on the streets we're going
to take your land means one thing only
for them we're going to take your land
means we have political permission to
kill you the economic freedom fighters
the true face of the ANC even have a
song to rally their troops kill the boar
kill the white man
so these people when you want to eat
them heart go after a white man they
feel a terrible pain because you have
passed a white man and their supporters
are doing exactly that using knives
wires hot irons and rape we're going to
take your land means we are going to
kill you but first we are going to make
you pay
small children raped in front of their
father before he is shot elderly farming
couples burned with a hot iron a son
whipped with an iron bar before his
mother a baby dropped into boiling water
a blowtorch hot coals a gang taking
turns slowly this torture lasts for
hours I've spoken with the victims this
is not just about land this is vengeance
payback for apartheid and it is brutal
Mary Andrews tiny children watched their
father blasted away with a shotgun by a
black gang her little daughter offered
the gang her piggy bank if they would
let her mummy live for her the dark is
when the monsters come and she can't
sleep anymore there's no escape for her
not even with antidepressants and
sleeping pills aged 8 and that's when my
husband got up for the last time and
it's haunted like it was crying when he
said please and one guy said oh just
kill him and I shot him in the head in
front of us
and you fell at my feet and your
daughter saw that she saw everything
marry Andhra buried her husband and gave
birth to their son five days later how
much more can these people take a
serving policeman tells me those inside
the force are complicit knowing their
position of power relies on the approval
of their ANC masters he says there will
be no white farmers left in South Africa
within three years some say they don't
have that long the whites are being
systematically cleansed from the land
the white man is up there with the white
rhino forced to the brink of extinction
and the only difference is that the
world doesn't care
you
