we need to focus on the things going to
ensure that we can deliver that victory
for Ontarians okay so I'm with Alex not
all he's the Conservative MP for Barrie
and Alex I understand you are also a
Patrick brown supporter or a friend of
Patrick Brown I take it you weren't
enjoying what was going on and the
debate behind us
well look I think there's there's been a
ton of of coverage of of Patrick and all
of those issues over the past number of
weeks I think that what debates should
be focusing on is how we're gonna undo
the damage that the Liberals have done
to Ontario over the past 15 years when
Kathleen Wynne took over as premier this
was a half province we had jobs we had
jobs glork we had manufacturing base we
were the economic engine of Canada today
we are not today we are have not we
receive equalization payments and those
are the questions that Ontarians want to
hear about those are the questions that
we need to answer in order to deliver
not just a leadership for one of these
four incredible individuals but also to
deliver a Progressive Conservative
premiere on June the 7th and when we
look at what you know the focus of any
of tonight's time we have an hour's time
that focus needs to be on the issues
that are going to affect Ontarians not
anything else and so that is what I
would have expected that's what I
expected when I walked in here this
evening and certainly hope in the future
that that it will stay focused on the
voters stay focused on the citizens of
our great province and not in any other
direction but Alex in a way aren't you
not making the argument for the anti
Patrick Brown camp ie
Patrick Brown campaigned against a
carbon tax then he decided to support it
as you said Ontario is or was a
manufacturing province why in the world
would you bring in a carbon tax and this
is something that's alienated so many
fiscal conservatives and as you know I'm
actually against a carbon tax and it
have been my entire political career I
think that the what was Patrick thinking
then I think the framework of
we're living in in Canada right now is
one where the the Trudeau Liberals have
brought a carbon tax forward and I think
that you know one of the interesting
questions you raise a great question so
why wasn't that the first question why
wasn't the first question you know
there's a carbon tax coming are you
going to put it in place are you going
to fight it how do you plan to fight it
what's your plan going forward are you
going to implement it with corresponding
tax cuts are you going you know what is
the plan to take on this very very very
serious issue to manufacturing jobs in
Ontario because if you go south of
Windsor guess what there is no carbon
tax and so these are issues that I think
you're right need to be talked about
need to be front and center
unfortunately that's not the direction
which which the the the individuals who
chose the questions is decided to go and
and certainly I would hope that in the
future it's focused on a on a idea that
you know Ontarians will vote for hope
and opportunity I have that absolute
belief here inside and we need to offer
them that but when we're focusing on
issues of an internal nature when
they're watching us it will not help win
the voters at home to ensure that we put
this province back on track Alex what
was Patrick Brown strategy a in
campaigning against the carbon tax when
he wasn't the leader and then supporting
it when he became the leader based on
all the points that you just so
eloquently pointed out I'm sure that
you've been able to ask him that
question I'll do one more question and
then I'll and all it's up um what do you
what do you think the damage has been to
the Conservative Party in Ontario in
terms of you have thick fidelity talking
about openly the rot in the party you
have all kinds of allegations against
Patrick Brown is this something that
might be used against a PC party by the
opposition parties in terms of how can
you trust these people to run the
province when they can't seem to get
their act together running their own
party is that a valid criticism look I
think we need to focus as a party on
providing a positive vision and I think
we had that opportunity tonight I think
it was just missed very sadly so the
more that that we as conservatives talk
about
you know some of the potential issues
that were there within our party whether
it's before or after Patrick I think the
more fodder we give to the Liberal Party
and I can tell you one thing I'd knock
on a lot of doors and the one thing I
don't hear is reelect Kathleen Wynne so
we need to focus on the things going to
ensure that we can deliver that victory
for Ontarians not for the PC party not
for the insiders not for you know the
MPPs we need a win in Ontario for the PC
party
so that Ontarians can have a better
quality of life and that's what I hope
and I implore people to focus on at
least for the last 12 days of this
campaign he folks have you heard the
news the rebel has a brand new app
download that app and take the rebel
wherever you go
you
