Kathleen Wynne has jacked up the minimum
wage significantly and we saw a large
number of job losses especially amongst
part-time workers in Ontario what would
you do differently on the economic front
would you roll back the minimum wage
what would you do on some of the costs
that businesses are bearing I mean you
talked about ripping out the wind
turbines that's a big step forward where
are you on the minimum wage respect to
minimum wage we you know I think we can
agree that the way it was brought in was
so aggressive and so quick that small
businesses which are the backbone for
our economy had no time to absorb this
radical job and I think you know
employees who are in the lower wage
bracket are feeling the pinch so in one
way they're getting more paid but on the
other hand their hours may have been
reduced so they're actually not
benefiting I would definitely sold off
on the next projected increase which is
supposed to be next January and say hang
on let's do things properly let's not
just impose again once more I our
ideology on two sectors of society here
in Ontario let's consult with small
businesses and see what they are able to
absorb so we do things properly I know
this is a shocking idea to Kathleen
Wynne but I believe in consulting the
grassroots consulting small business we
have to do things properly McGinty when
liberals have done things poorly we're
gonna change all that we asked me one
thing about economic policy well when we
have such crippling hydrates here or as
I call it energy poverty in Ontario we
need to bring relief instantly and
that's why I committed Ezra to ripping
out those wind turbines and let me say
one more thing I'm gonna double down on
that
if those wind turbines don't come out
easy I'm gonna take my tractor because I
live on a farm I would take my tractor
I'm gonna build them to bulldoze them
down they're coming out we're gonna stop
the the corporations getting fat off the
backs of Ontario taxpayers and this
banana republic will come to an end yeah
let me ask you how if you became the
leader and I I have one more question
about the leadership after this but
let's say you became the leader of the
Ontario pc's Kathleen when is a pretty
tough campaigner but more than her the
labor unions of Ontario through their
third-party campaign groups one's called
working fan
for example spent millions of dollars
demonizing the conservative party they
were sort of the attack squad so
Kathleen Wynne could stay a little bit
more positive because the dirty
tricksters and the the heavy negative
campaigning was done by these big labor
unions how would you deal with that how
would you address that challenge oh I
would address it head-on I'm not I've no
fear as are no fear I have a very thick
skin and I'm in this to win it and I
think we as conservatives have lost last
few elections because we are not
standing strong we're scared of the
Kathleen Wynne Liberal war machine well
guess what I've been active in politics
in campaign rings for over 20 years I
know how to attack that war machine I
know how to dismantle it and I will
fight every step of the way I'm sure
there are some special interest groups
you're gonna try to use this platform or
that but I know there are now tighter
regulations on third party financing in
Ontario during the election time but I
have zero fear ever I'm going to keep
going and pressing forward and and
everybody's got to get behind me because
we have to be Kathleen Wynne that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
