in reaction to the recent shooting in
Florida Canada Public Safety Minister
Ralph Goodale says he's going to drop
the hammer on Canadian gun owners cool
attempt to distract us all from near
India Fiasco bro let's see if it works
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale
told eye politics he's impressed by the
US public reaction to the parkland
Florida shootings
I guess he means the reaction that saw
lawful gun owners called murderers on
live TV or the maligning of 5 million
NRA members as evil monsters geudael
said he will be tabeling legislation
within weeks to complete the liberal gun
control election commitments Goodell
said and I quote we're working on the
final details just about ready to go to
the house I hope to table it in
Parliament within the next few weeks you
know it would seem that a costing lawful
Canadian gun owners will be the only
liberal election promise they might
actually keep this time good Hills
possible reforms include a requirement
for all vendors to assist police
investigations into gun crimes and to
keep records of firearms inventory and
sales it's sort of a backdoor registry
without being called in official
registry some of the Liberals other
campaign promises around guns include
tightening down on transport permits for
prohibited firearms and restricted
handguns and rifles including and I'm
using I politics words now and not my
own assault style semi automatics that
can only be used at licensed gun clubs
and shooting ranges this should be
chilling and frightening for all
Canadians our Public Safety Minister is
currently taking policy direction from
the uninformed and poorly coached child
activists that have emerged out of the
Parkland Florida High School shooting
there is absolutely absolutely no
comparison between American gun laws and
Canadian gun laws Canadian politicians
shouldn't even consider the American
experience when drafting Canadian gun
laws tightening up trash
Sport restrictions on already highly
restricted firearms isn't going to do a
damn thing to make Canada any safer I
already have to call the chief firearms
officer before I take a restricted gun
to the range to be used at the only
place I can legally use it at the range
what else do they want me to do now what
more could I possibly do according to
Statistics Canada data reported in The
Globe and Mail incidents involving
firearms accounted for just two percent
of all victims of police reported
violent crime in 2012 police also
reported 1,800 fewer victims of firearms
related Violent Crimes when comparing
the data from 2009 to 2012 firearms
related crimes in Canada are already
falling drastically what this means is
leaving Canadian gun owners alone is
working why change that
why scapegoat the lawful because
something in the United States made you
emotional our Public Safety Minister is
drafting gun laws they solely on the
fact that a tragedy in the United States
another country is tugging at his
heartstrings he's not basing this on
evidence on what planet does a serious
politician draft public policy to punish
lawful Canadians based on something that
someone else did in another country with
an entirely different set of laws planet
Trudeau I guess it's the sort of thing
you do when you are desperate to change
the channel on your government's
outrageous failure of a trip to India
the sort of thing you do when even
liberal mainstream media reporters
aren't buying your spin anymore illegal
immigrants are streaming across the
Canadian border and straining Canada's
RCMP resources and putting pressure on
Canada's refugee claimants system rural
Canada is turning into a bit of a war
zone some places in rural Alberta
communities have seen crime rates jumped
by more than 250 percent since 2011 and
a convicted terrorist and would be a
fasten up an Indian Minister was a
dinner guest of the Prime Minister these
are all real public safety issues there
are things that Ralph Goodale
could immediately do to make these
problems much better but fixing these
problems wouldn't distract the media
from the diplomatic crisis the Trudeau
government has caused with our friends
in India but the good news is Ralph
Goodell's plan to crack down on
law-abiding gun owners well it's going
to have the opposite effect because
nothing sends people like me and other
law-abiding gun owners running as fast
as we can to the gun counter at our
local sporting goods store like the
threat of increased gun control for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunnery have you
seen our billboard truck have you signed
our petition go to fire Scott Yisrael
calm
