now what are some of the I mean and
there are just so so many issues with
Shoji one two three but what are the
most important ones in your opinion well
the most important ones are that first
of all neither teachers nor school
trustees even knew about it being
implemented before it was implemented I
just had a slight inkling from a parent
who cared enough to ask some questions
and we found out last summer that this
was being implemented I then said wow
you know what's it about we started
looking at the curriculum basically by
kindergarten and grade one the moment
that they begin going to school they
will be become indoctrinated into the
gender ideology this is gender fluidity
ideology and most people most most faith
groups if you talk about the Sikhs the
Muslims the Christians you know we do
not subscribe to this we believe that
God made us powerful he made us male and
female and that's what we hold to but
the school has decided that gender
fluidity has more bearing than most of
the faith groups in our nation and has
decided that they will implement that
into schools it's unbelievable to me
we've taken prayer out of schools we've
taken the 10 commandments out of schools
you know we we don't want to discuss
religion but someone somewhere you know
between the BC TF and the Ministry of
Education decided that we would put in
gender fluid ideology and teach all kids
that they can be gender fluid most
parents in this nation do not buy that
but somehow this small group has gotten
it implemented
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
