as I record this video it is the sixth
anniversary of the passing of Andrew
Breitbart a man who left us far too soon
many of you will only know the name
Breitbart from the website and the
numerous verticals that bear his name
but if you don't know who Andrew
Breitbart was dig a little at least read
his book righteous indignation we have a
lot to thank this young man this young
man who grew up a liberal but who in
observing the attacks against Clarence
Thomas realized that the media was out
of control and began a campaign to fight
back and to encourage at least one
generation of citizen journalists Andrew
Breitbart was on a mission to destroy
the fake news industrial complex long
before people like President Trump used
the phrase fake news he said that in a
day and age where everyone has one of
these we are all citizen journalists and
we can push back on the lies the lies
that can destroy lives I myself never
met Andrew but I count as friends today
many people who were close friends to
Andrew Breitbart
and I was honored to be national
security editor for Breitbart comm soon
after he passed he taught me a very very
powerful lesson that I used one day when
an incredibly aggressive journalist who
refused to use his name and tell me who
he worked for accosted me at a park near
my house as I was walking my dog on a
quiet early Easter Saturday morning I
just been listening to righteous
indignation on my car's CD player and I
realized what Andrew said and as this
person ambushed me shoved a camera in my
face and started ass
about what's going on in the White House
I took out my phone switched on the
video camera and used the same tactic
against him what did this pathetic
excuse of a human being do hi hightailed
it and ran couldn't take the heat of the
tools he used against an individual who
he wanted to somehow turn into a news
story being used against him Andrew
Breitbart changed American media and
probably world media forever we owe him
a great debt of gratitude thank you
Andrew and God bless thank you for
watching the Gawker briefing if you like
this video please check out the rebel
media YouTube channel follow me on
twitter at said Gawker that's Seb G o RK
a and share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help
we can push back on the fake news
industrial complex and finally get the
truth out god bless
