oh the NRA might be losing members or
not the Oscars are this weekend and
Jayla is becoming a non partisan
activist all of that coming up on the
rebel buzz well there has been an
abundance of both glowing support and
raging protests this week for anyone or
anything associated with the National
Rifle Association don't believe me type
in RA in the Twitter search bar you're
welcome as an NRA member and a lifelong
responsible gun owner I take their
attacks on the organization personally
because let's be real when progressives
go after the loonie gun crazy NRA that's
us we are who they are talking about we
are the roughly 5 million people who
make up the organization we know how
they truly feel about us from the 2016
election and the last administration a
few words from Hillary Clinton and
Barack Obama revealed what we've known
all along they've us as deplorable
people who cling to guns and religion
but no former madam secretary and former
mr. president what we cling to is
constitutional values that have
propelled this country into being the
greatest country civilization has ever
known and we still are our founding
fathers deemed our right to guns so
essential they protected it via the
Second Amendment following the First
Amendment which is presently under
attack as well but do not be
disillusioned while the left has a very
very low opinion of us and though they
call us paranoid for worrying that a gun
grab is essentially what they want they
don't actually think we're paranoid why
because we're right look no further than
the CNN CNN's ridiculous spectacle at
the Town Hall last week when Marco Rubio
asserted to a member of the audience
that what they essentially wanted was to
eradicate all rifles and what happens at
that point the audience applauds
thunderously and cheers like they were
all just given Range Rovers and now not
only are citizens and politicians being
targeted and ridiculed any organization
with ties to the NRA is the subject of a
boycott campaign now not a real boycott
mayor
hashtag to vis 'm which is my name for
hashtag activism sorry i like combining
words but many of them have jumped ship
so delta alamo enterprise national hurt
semantics met life and first National
Bank of Omaha which is the credit
issuing bank for the NRA credit card
they've all bailed conversely any
corporation that has refrained from
caving to partisan liberal malarkey has
been dragged into the hashtag boycott
NRA campaign simply for not choosing a
side for not playing party politics Fed
Ex is one such company and they released
a statement clarifying their position on
the controversy they said FedEx
corporation's positions on the issues of
gun policy and safety differ from those
of the National Rifle Association FedEx
opposes assault rifles being in the
hands of civilians while we strongly
support the constitutional right of you
u.s. citizens to own firearms subject to
appropriate background checks fedex
views assault rifles and large capacity
magazines as an inherent potential
danger to schools workplaces and
communities when such weapons are
misused FedEx is a common carrier under
federal law and therefore does not and
will not deny service or discriminate
against any legal entity regardless of
their policy positions or political
views Bravo FedEx I would be willing to
bet that NRA not only won't be
negatively affected by this latest
controversy but will actually see an
explosion in membership of Twitter is
any indication I'm absolutely correct so
at Rambo pigs which is Joe Biggs on
Twitter posted a poll have the recent
attacks on the NRA made you want to join
88 percent said yes at real jack which
is Jack Murphy on Twitter tweeted the
Google trend map for how to join the NRA
and yeah you can see the results right
there
all right onto a more Hollywood topic
the Oscars are this weekend
thank God I'm gonna be far far away from
my Hollywood home in my second home
Canada it will be a welcome departure
from the roadblocks noise and stench of
entitlement and Elita
and copious amounts of makeup primer
self-tanner and Yves saint-laurent
cologne I am however slightly distraught
over not being able to witness firsthand
the reactions of celebrities when they
first lay eyes on the latest street art
installment by anonymous provocateur of
La Sabo stationed around town are three
billboards imitating the three billboard
theme of oscar-nominated film three
billboards outside of a Missouri that
read we all knew and still no arrests
followed by and the Oscar for the
biggest pedophile goes to ending with
name names on stage or shut the hell up
of save oh you are my hero
alright you'll also remember that the
organizing members for the Oscars have
promised a less political show this time
around so we shall see I'd love it if
when Meryl Streep gets up there and
starts babbling on about something they
just shut off her mic that would be even
better than those idiots last year
giving the award for Best Picture to the
wrong movie and speaking of Hollywood
Jennifer Lawrence is taking a year off
of making movies now hold on do not get
too excited it's not what you think it's
not so she can concoct more stories
demonstrating how hilariously
down-to-earth she is nope the reason
she's taking time off is so that she can
devote time to fighting political
corruption yes an actress in Hollywood
one of the most corrupt industries on
earth is taking time off from that
industry to fight corruption now she's
not quitting the industry that would say
a hell of a lot and take some sizeable
cashews for that move I would
vociferously praised her but no it's
just temporary but Lawrence announced
I'm going to take the next year off I'm
going to be working with this
organization as a part of represent us
trying to get young people engaged
politically on a local level it doesn't
have anything to do with partisan
politics
it's just anti-corruption and stuff
trying to pass state by state laws that
can help prevent corruption fix our
democracy by the way by fix our
democracy
she means change our voting system so
that the popular vote winner is elected
and that mean orange man in the White
House has to be removed so how long do
you want to bet that it will take Jenna
for Laurence to go full-on Partizan
again if you said six months you would
be wrong if you said four months yep
you'd be wrong
if you said not even one month you are
the winner winner chicken dinner this
past week she used her platform at the
new at the New York premiere of her
latest film to talk about guns yep it
took a solid dozen or so days she
apparently thinks that glorifying guns
and movies has nothing to do with gun
crime in the US instead as she says this
is it's an art and it's an art to
entertain and as an industry I think the
problem is guns not the entertainment
industry yeah okay do you actually
believe that or are you just concerned
that you'll no longer be getting
paychecks from movies like x-men and
Winter's Bone both of which contain gun
violence pretty much throughout so check
your non partisan activism Jen you've
already stepped off the wagon and it
hasn't even been a month hmm maybe you'd
be better suited to something like I
don't know animal rights but then you'd
have to lose your Birkin bag thanks for
much thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my comments here you'd
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebels subscribe to our premium
content at www.fafsa.ed.gov
