imagine if the shoe were on the other
foot imagine if the Indian Prime
Minister came to Canada for a week I
could like a jackass the whole time he
was here and imagine if it turned out
that he brought a terrorist with him who
tried to kill a Canadian cabinet
minister once and then imagine instead
of apologizing and engaging a little bit
of introspection imagine if this Indian
Prime Minister then I'm laughing cuz
it's absurd blamed rogue elements in the
RCMP imagine saying that there's some
clandestine group in the RCMP tried to
set up a foreign leader with a terrorist
it's so insane it's so offensive it's so
patently untrue
you'd think whoever would say such a
thing was nuts I mean if it weren't true
would be the biggest scandal in Canadian
politics in a generation
imagine if that had happened but if it
were just an excuse a rumor a way to
blame someone else we think that
visiting Prime Minister was a disgrace
and we would say so just out of
self-respect and indeed that is what
India did they issued this statement
from their ministry for External Affairs
I'm gonna read the whole thing because
it's pretty brief official spokespersons
response to a query on invitation to
jazz Paul at wall February 28th in
response to a query regarding invitation
to jazz paw at wall the official
spokesperson ravi kumar said we have
seen the recent exchange in the
Parliament of Canada regarding two
invitations issued to jazz Paul at wall
by the Canadian High Commissioner for
functions hosted in honor of the
Canadian Prime Minister in India let me
categorically state that the government
of India including the security agencies
had nothing to do with the presence of
jazz paw at wall at the event hosted by
bat Canadian High Commissioner in Mumbai
or the invitation issued to him for the
Canadian High Commissioners reception in
New Delhi any suggestion to the contrary
is baseless and unacceptable baseless
and unacceptable that is about as tough
as words get in diplomatic circles
unacceptable they will not accept it
which Rideau wasn't gonna apologize now
I mean some what he does that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
