in life it's important to know when to
listen when to stop talking and went to
be quiet and that holds the EE so for
social media it's important to know when
to be quiet Hillary Clinton just
attacked the president of United States
for being too soft on Russia Russia's
still coming and you're not doing
anything about it
Hillary Clinton yes that Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton who was President
Obama's Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton who as Secretary of State went
and gave a reset button to the Kremlin
to her counterpart the Foreign Secretary
the Foreign Minister of the Russian
Federation Hillary Clinton who had an
illegal homebrew email server on which
according to Obama's director of the FBI
James Comey she had placed at least 108
top secret emails that were open to
penetration to hacking from nation-state
actors like Russia Hillary Clinton who
has the chairman of the Cepheus Board
for foreign investment in the United
States
okay daddy'll that sold 20% of our
uranium in America to Russia when there
is statute law on the books that states
America must be self-sufficient in a
uranium which it wasn't
after that deal and when uranium is a
strategic asset used not only for cancer
treatments but also for making nuclear
bombs the same Hillary Clinton who paid
through her lawyers and the Democratic
National Committee more than 12 million
dollars
for a file of fake falsified opposition
research against the Trump campaign to a
person who was a former intelligence
officer Christopher Steele who was very
closely tied to the Kremlin and who used
Russian propaganda in that file which
was then used by Hillary's former
colleagues in the Obama Department of
Justice and the Obama FBI to illegally
and I mean illegally obtained a
surveillance warrant to spy on a member
a former member of the Trump campaign
illegal because the fact that the file
had been paid for by Hillary Clinton
Anna's opposition research was kept
secret from the FISA Court judge which
is illegal
that's the Hillary Clinton who is
telling the president he soft on Russia
the same president who has unleashed oil
exploration in the Anwar region who has
unleashed fracking in America who has
said the XL pipeline must be built all
actions that undermine Russia's
strategic power because of their
reliance on gas and oil exports the same
president who has decided that NATO is
so important that they must commit the
2% of GDP to defense that they've
promised for decades and he has got the
NATO allies to do so again not good for
the Kremlin and perhaps most important
of all the same president Trump who has
decided to arm the Ukrainians after
Russia invaded the Ukraine and took
Crimea for itself an act which let's
recall happened under the Obama
administration when Obama and his
cabinet rolled over on that Russian
aggression Hillary a word from somebody
who worked in the Trump administration
and who's very very active let us say
social media you should be quiet now and
you should get yourself a lawyer a good
one
perhaps somebody better than lawyers you
used to funnel those millions of dollars
to Christopher Steele to get that
illegal warrant from your buddies just a
piece of advice thank you for watching
the Gawker briefing if you like this
video please check out the rebel media
YouTube channel follow me on Twitter at
Seb Gorka that's Seb g o RK a and share
these videos on Facebook and Twitter
because with your help we can push back
on the fake news industrial complex and
finally get the truth out god bless
