when internet-based TV channel isn't
just politically free it isn't just
cheaper to produce it's also more
convenient for users who are lying
through their teeth about their human
rights violations I wanted to show you
what little intervention the UN is
having in this conflict I call BS on
blending truck there cannot be one set
of justice for people like Hillary
Clinton and team Obama and another for
the rest of us even the UN can't keep
their climate change conference green
you don't talk about any negative about
Islam and I have a lot of negative
experience about Islam across the West
there's a belief in freedom of religion
is Islam more than just a religion but
Islamist not polluted I know it sounds
crazy talking efficient young they have
even called me a practicing Muslim woman
and Aunty Muslim and an islamaphobe in a
pointless attempt to try to shop I
promise to tell you a story
you weren't here in any of the
mainstream media when you compare a
century of Prophet a hundred thousand
casualties to a hundred thousand deaths
a year in Syria alone you realize how
minuscule an issue it is there is no
arab-israeli crisis
America it's special for a reason how
does living in the shadow of Gaza affect
to your children written by an educated
German denouncing Christianity
threatening death and murder to any
Christians was this certified humane
facility Creek stone farms really
completely hollow because halal sure
doesn't seem humane to me blaming guns
is like blaming the spoon that made
Oprah fat
you guys want to have a permanent
culture war what's wrong
America is the only nation that was born
of an idea sometimes reality speaks a
lot louder than CNN headlines please
sign our petition demanding
that the federal government appeal this
outrageous throw Sharia law decision
we're here to help save the Christians
who came through with the necessary
funding for this fantastic billboard
truck let's help the spirit kids and so
we did we raised over two hundred and
thirty thousand dollars
you
