there are stories we are drawn to
classic situations and scenarios that
captivate us because they are a
concentrated and heightened version of
situations and goals that we feel on
everyday basis stop if you've heard the
story of the unlikely heroes taking down
the bad guy or the star-crossed lovers
finding a way to be together well the
shape of water is a blend of both of
these that also infuses them with more
politically charged elements than any
movie I've seen and on-the-nose
scenarios that are both annoying and
anti-american of course this is an
oscar-nominated movie I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood as a viewer I'm
gonna give the shape of water a three
out of five now I wrote a knife's edge
on this from giving it a four out of
five it was very close between three and
four but I think there's a few reasons
why the audience won't be swept away
like it seems the Academy was when they
watched this movie for one this movie is
insanely predictable from the very first
scene of the movie you will know what is
going on even the heist elements they
show you exactly how they're gonna do it
before it happens everything is very on
the nose and clear what's gonna happen
there's a lot of very convenient plot
points to move it forward and this
causes it to definitely slow down the
second half the movie and get a bit
boring now that being said the shape of
water is a very intriguing and romantic
and visually stunning movie to watch you
will really enjoy most of these elements
it's very similar to Edward Scissorhands
the Tim Burton classic from the 1990s
though it is not nearly as good but the
tone and a lot of the romantic elements
are extremely similar to that movie
though like I said Scissorhands up here
tip water down here as a critic I'm
gonna give the shape of water a 3 out of
5 as craft goes this movie definitely
deserves to be praised and as a
testament to Gil Miller del Toro and his
wonderful eye for film and cinema you've
seen him do this in Pan's Labyrinth
Hellboy and a bunch of other movies he's
just a great visual director great
storyteller that being said I cannot let
slide the incredible lazy storytelling
and dangerous framing of what this story
is about who the villains are and what
the villain of society at large actually
is which is what's movie is talking
about it is definitely not just deaf
woman and frog man love that is the
point of this story know there's a big
large very specific very on the nose
we talked about very punched into you
every single scene this movie
element they're talking about throughout
it now that should go without saying
that every single villain is a straight
white male but they're also all
Americans now take this in contrast with
the heroes every single person that is
not a straight white male American is a
hero people that are disabled women
minorities even communist spies that are
anti-american
are seen as the heroes in this movie I
am not even joking now let's take a look
at the end tag inist situation in
general of course the villain is an
abusive straight white male who is also
a racist abusive and he's a just an
archetype of the patriarchy itself again
I could give it a pass that just left it
at that but this movie takes it one step
further and even shows you a picture of
the American family as the problem the
source of all this that's bleeding out
there you go back to this man's family
and he has what seems to be the perfect
wife the perfect kids they're all
respectful and honor him and he comes
back after doing his job and he's
talking around the breakfast table and
he has this beautiful wife everything
like that and he literally just looks
awful it he even stares him to screen
almost and mumbles and to himself this
is America this is America then he goes
on to a coarse abusive wife and be awful
at work abusing everyone being racist
and awful the entire time and showing
this snapshot of what we thought perfect
America was and obviously it's not that
because that's abusive and terrible the
intact middle-class family being the
pinnacle of fake happiness and evil in
this story now this movie takes place in
1962 and they completely forget the fact
that happiness statistically in the
United States and in Europe has been on
a plummeting decline since the breaking
up of this horrible image in the 1960s
that they've split apart single
motherhood rates depression abuse all
these numbers going way way way up since
of course we fixed it by breaking this
up absolutely ridiculous
it's crazy but that's not even the worst
part they go into in this movie they
talk about America as a whole as the
real villain in a conversation with the
villain in this movie played by Michael
Shannon and his boss he's asking for
forgiveness we made a mistake saying I
am a decent man and a man in the general
scoffs Adam and he's like decency we
don't use that in America we put that up
as an image as basically we sell but it
doesn't help us at all it's not we're
about I'm like like literally saying
that America is not decent that's not
what we're about
that's not what made us good nothing as
Americans we sell decency we don't
actually need it it's a sales pitch it
is crazy this is amplified by one of the
protagonists in the movie a Russian
communist spy he was infiltrating the
United States no I am not kidding I wish
that I was and if you want to talk about
decency I'm not gonna throw out some
statistics or any historical context I'm
saying find one person one family that
has left Russia back in that time and
experienced the Soviet Union the
oppression of communism and the
incredible just destruction and loss of
life and abuse that took place because
of that regime you want to talk about
decency look at what we brought down and
brought people out of people fleeing the
United States to escape that and what we
helped to bring down that is decent I
cannot believe they would make that
statement and put that person as the the
protagonist for us to get behind it like
propping up the Soviet Union and
communism and putting down the same
category as American capitalism
unbelievable you will not find one
person not one person that will speak
otherwise that is actually experienced
that you might be able to Google some
stupid professor of pansexuality in New
York they'd be like oh there's some
really great stuff of equality and
communism but that is it that is
absolutely it and also in the same vein
of talking about the United States now
we've been decent on a world scale this
movie takes place after the Korean War
why don't you talk to any of the
millions of South Koreans and now have a
free and prosperous life because of the
sacrifice of hundreds and thousands of
our men going over there and dying so
they can have that freedom and it's not
even colonizing that area giving it back
so people have a chance to live for
themselves that's decency or clearly we
can look to after World War two or
hundreds of thousands of our people were
sent over there to die in spilled blood
so that all of Europe can be free and
not be speaking German and being forced
to seek Hiles to this day and so these
ridiculous anarchist leftist social
justice warrior freaks out there can
complain about all there
firstworldproblems that they're dealing
with over there in Europe that are just
oppressing them so much because of our
decency sacrificing ourselves so we
could liberate all those European
countries that's decency and going
against incredible social international
pressure by backing Israel being one of
the few countries that has the the
stones to stand up the for the only free
country the only Western country in all
of Middle East America doing that
constantly putting themselves out there
that is decency now every
country has sins because people sin make
mistakes America has not been perfect by
any means but please be objective for
two seconds even this movie talking
about minorities and oppression is there
one place one place that you would want
to be born in the world if you remain a
minority right now that is not the
United States and if you do not say it
you were either disingenuous or
misinformed period because statistically
and you won't find any statistics saying
otherwise it is still the greatest place
on planet Earth to be born even if
you're any minority any any status
anything in the United States your best
chance for success and happiness that's
decency now I could give it a pass if
this was just a situational tale some
anecdotal story that some was passionate
about because of course there are bad
people united states that have lived
here and done bad things of course and
there were some good people I'm sure
they were just forced do terrible things
in communist Soviet Union Russia okay
that does happen but when it is so clear
that that is not the intent it is such a
broad political statement sweep of the
United States as bad capitalism bad is
what we export all kind of stuff they
destroying that that image of what
happiness and the goal of a together
family is of the 1950s like that being
that the villain of the story like it is
just so clear and so on the nose a
particularly when this movie is
nominated for Best Picture and being the
front-runner right now it has to be
criticized and called out for that that
is ridiculous my faith in values this
movie is going to be a zero out of five
honestly there are some elements of
people rising against oppression and
being the underdog and fine and fighting
for love and all these kind of elements
that I think are positive elements but
they are so just drowned out in this
political agenda that I couldn't stomach
or see past it because all these
obstacles they're saying they're
overcoming are specifically geared at
one group of people straight white men
who seem to all approve of this and be
completely okay with it throughout the
entire movie and of course I've never
met a single person okay with abuse
sexual harassment violence racism all
these things that seem to be blanket is
okay this is totally fine we're all
against it kind of thing there are
literally laws on the books
criminalizing this to say this is being
endorsed is absolutely ridiculous and
this is also the message that's been
promulgated in the media and this movie
constantly that apparently does it group
people that are completely okay with all
this and of course that is not true but
yet again this is a movie that is being
lifted to the highest honor in the
entire land because it's depicting what
works everyone else
versus the one group people that are
apparently the oppressors and the
problem with society today honestly it's
sad when a movie may win an Oscar for
showing obstacles oppression and
villains that may be the very people
that are standing arm in arm with us I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
