some free advice to aspiring politicians
when running for office make sure you
get the name of the municipality right
hey remember Patrick Brown the alleged
conservative who inexplicably managed to
get enough PC party members to vote him
in as leader only to be thankfully
ousted in a palace coup in January well
that big proponent of carbon taxes and
anti Islamophobia motions yeah he's back
Patrick is running for the mayor of
Brampton what's Browns connection with
Brampton you asked 0.20 at a bun thrower
of a speech recently the bumbling Brown
had this to say quote I think this is a
great place where I can contribute and
help it's a city that's hurting and I
think it's a great place to serve and I
want to be a great mayor of Barrie
end quote Barry oopsie thankfully Browns
autocorrect eventually kicked in noting
that he actually wants to be a great
mayor of the conveniently located
Brampton not his hometown of Barry
wow what a bone array um actually let's
not use that term given Patrick's
alleged swordsmanship skills call it a
blunder instead by the way pertaining to
matters of tomcatting I'm sad to report
ladies that the 40-year old brown is
officially off the market he tied the
knot last Sunday with Jennifer or I mean
Genevieve goula Terry at a private
ceremony in Keswick or I mean Kleinberg
twas a surprise wedding indeed given
that Genevieve is 23 ok but I digress
as Brown is so obsessed with power he'll
try to get elected as anything anywhere
and to hell with the details you know
like the correct name of the city he's
running in and should he fail to become
mayor of Brampton what next well Patrick
run for head of a student council at
some Community College perhaps hey he's
all about the youth vote after all
loser for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you travel
you
