Twitter bans a far-left account it's not
a sentence you hear very often but it
just came true this week check it out
the revolutionary student front is an
anti fuh student group at the University
of Texas at Austin that thinks bricks
best belong thrown at pig heads and yet
also hosts self-defense classes the
group boasted a little over two thousand
Twitter followers until getting
suspended apparently for no reason and
with no notice when or if the account
will be restored I'm not sure who I
believe on that one the far left social
media giant or the students who are
effectively their boots on the ground
when it comes to punishing hate speech
with a somewhat more violent kind of
censorship but Twitter likely didn't ban
the revolutionary student front for hate
speech the group explicitly incited
violence by saying brick should be
thrown at cops here at campus unmasked
we absolutely loathe Tooting our own
horn but our SF's ban came only a day or
so after my report for campus unmasked
and the Daily Caller news foundation on
the antifa students revolutionary mental
health program the group was attributing
mental illness to capitalist depression
and targeting students with mental
illnesses for recruitment saying the
primary method of combating the symptoms
of mental illness that we face under
capitalism must be organizing those
suffering to come into violent class
conflict with the system that creates
their illness academia Hollywood the
media have already fallen to the left
can you imagine if they had health care
- yes doctor I'd like my pills okay John
but only if you also attend the
microaggression protest we're having on
Wednesday what's really funny is that I
reached out to UT Austin for comment on
that story and got no reply perhaps they
thought the story would just fizzle out
but two days later you know after tens
if not hundreds of thousands had read
the story or watched the video the
school disavowed the group saying it's
not an official campus organization we
have no record that the revolutionary
student front which again is not
affiliated with the University staged a
self-defense class on our campus UT
Austin spokesman mr. JB bird told me
it's also worth noting that
organizations affiliated with the
universe
so you must comply with our
institutional rules threatened our
actual violent conduct against a person
is against university rules and counter
to the university's values sure but I'm
not so sure courses encouraging the
leftist mentality have nothing to do
with this
remember UT Austin is the same school
with students in another Antipa group
the autonomous student network which
suggested a law-enforcement incineration
day and thinks it's woke to assassinate
the president back to Twitter props to
Jack Dorsey and his social justice crew
for finally taking action against an
account that's not right-wing but don't
think this means their war against non
leftist is up just this week the company
temporarily suspended canary mission a
watchdog group which tracks hatred
towards and incitement to violence
against Jews for hateful conduct the
doublethink is real
as for the Antipa kids i see you reading
my messages and not replied you ain't so
sneaky and let's be honest you've got
nothing to say for campus unmasked i'm
rob strim shocked if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
