not exchange between you and Doug Ford
was got pretty tense and you guys have
been friends for quite a while how do
you feel about Doug attacking you over
the patient Ombudsman job well I wasn't
very happy about it because it was
actually not true so I felt that I had
to correct the situation and tell him
how it actually happened that it was a
selection that was made by an
independent group of people who
interviewed me and many other people and
I was very proud to serve as patient
Ombudsman and to work with patients and
families and continue my public service
in that way well it means more than just
saying yourself that you've cleared your
name that's up to other people to
determine and it would be determined if
Patrick had stayed on he had been
cleared by the the committee that makes
those decisions and so it would have
been up to the membership to decide if
he'd cleared his name but I think that
there are other things I know Patrick is
continuing to work on that and that that
decision will be made if and when he
does clear his name objectively before
the next election well I think there has
to be some objective evidence there it
can't just be that he says that it was
all wrong and all false there has to be
some evidence there I know had been some
intra is some evidence that the facts
weren't as they were originally stated
by the complainants he did go through a
lie-detector test and other things I
don't know if there's other work that he
needs to do but I know that's how he's
planning on spending his time right now
and being with his family who's been
very upset by the stress of all of this
does he have to clear his name from the
integrity commissioner complaint and the
Hamilton West Ancaster dundas issue and
inflating membership numbers all those
other you know accusations against and
the where he got the three hundred and
seventy five thousand dollars to you
know pay for his house well there are a
lot of issues that are out there and
it's going
be up two other third parties that are
going to make those determinations there
are several things that are before the
police I guess they'll make their own
determination before the integrity and
ethics commissioner they will make their
own determination and then the issue
with the alleged misconduct I know that
Patrick is continuing to work on that
well I think it's way too simplistic
you can't just pluck wind turbines out
of the ground in many cases they are
however placed there by farmers on their
land the farmers had gone into a lot of
debt they've gone to the bank to borrow
the money they have contracts they're
gonna allow them to receive some money
back in terms of the energy that's being
produced so I think that it's it's way
too simplistic to take that approach I
live in the real world it's much more
difficult than that to do but I think as
far as the very large multi-million
dollar contracts as far as they're
concerned I definitely think that we
should go through each and every one of
them look at them individually to see if
they can be terminated early or not
expanded but you can't just say let's
rip up the contracts because in many
cases remember the gas plant scandal
when they determined that they weren't
going to proceed with them we ended up
with a billion dollars so in many cases
if you rip the contracts up the costs
are going to be greater than if you
proceeded with them so you need to be
realistic about what can actually happen
here and you need to do the due
diligence and hard work to understand
each contract on its own merits or lack
of merits Kristine going back to the
Doug Ford comments Ford is obviously
pursuing the agenda of respect for
taxpayers and then when he brings up the
fact that you were taking a $220,000 job
from the wind liberals do you think that
rightly or wrongly this hurts your
street cred with fiscal conservatives
not at all not at all I think maybe Doug
misunderstands what the job of an
ombudsman is the job of an ombudsman is
really to call the government into
account and often be critical of the
government that's the job that I was
hired to do and that's the work that I
did I was serving the public
in the job that I was doing working with
patients and families and health care
providers to make our health care system
stronger he folks have you heard the
news the rebel has a brand new app
download that app and take the rebel
wherever you go
you
