joining me now is none other than
world-famous Katie Hopkins all the way
from across the pond what did you think
of Trump speech
I love Trump's it was so much it was
awesome he took the mickey out of
himself he choked about a hair that was
really awesome big story was awesome it
was perfect and then when I look around
the room the best thing about it was it
wasn't all old people at all it they're
all young people who were like committed
to the fight in 2018 and then Trump said
listen we're gonna be around for the
next six years or so you know hope you
know what I love about this president
he's a lot like you and I he means he
doesn't gloss over it that deputy Scott
Peterson that guy is a disgrace Nancy
Pelosi shouldn't you follow US politics
more than many Americans yeah if Diane
Feinstein for left eye and find Sun in
California is reelected she will be in
office until she's 91 years old there's
something fundamentally wrong with that
well there's something fundamentally
wrong with that there's also the issue
of the carpeting and they're gonna need
to get some carpeting that's like able
to be washed cleaned because you know we
have this in the House of Lords
everyone's like over the age of 19
they're all incontinent essentially and
there's a vague smell of way whenever
you go in there and that's what I
imagined when I see her is a way you
know I saw a couple of Capitol cops
Capitol Police guys wanna address this
with them on the way any politician that
looks like they might vaguely smell of
we should no longer be representing the
people that's my assertion and I feel
strongly about that all right one of
those little scooters a little skirt if
after zip hit on a scooter scooter no
put a ramp there to stop her getting in
last week got into an elevator with a
guy had to be a bit a hundred and four
years ago he had one of those scooters
so you guys probably say he almost ran
me over then I go to the airport restore
it true story I go to the airport and
this there again World War two veteran
guy is like 95 years old he's got his
veteran cap on because it's his daughter
walking him down so I'm at the bar at
the terminal and I said you know sir
you're two better and yeah I wasn't I'd
weirdly want to shake your hand I'm
honored I said can I buy you a drink
of all you're buying and make it three I
always say and I say it's my parents who
is 1772
just because we can keep
people alive doesn't mean we should
argument you gotta let it go
you gotta let him go too busy old world
we live in there's a lot of people
before he's gonna go on his own terms I
think the nice thing about being at CPAC
is everybody has an opinion and there's
never a shortage of people with a view
and also everyone talks to everyone
everyone is decent and polite it's like
being in an ideal world yeah and nobody
is offended you're not passing out we're
not gonna walk out of the room be
spin-on have things thrown at us no one
is trying to take away our venue or
sizes no one's trying to silence you or
kind of be outraged just because they
want to be it's a very free place to be
a free place to be among friendlies that
we don't have to worry about it so what
was your main takeaway was that you mean
take away just the friendly environment
yeah
it's as there was two things really for
me one you know I came here my message
is do not become the UK do not fall as
we know for a long time and a very
important one of course do not let
yourself fall in the way Western Europe
has fallen and then coming here it's
very much like getting in a warm bath
you know it's like being surrounded by
people who want to make their country
better and who are patriotic and I think
Trump delivering the sort of speech he
delivered today
he looks unbeatable I mean who can be
ask yourself who can beat Trump and I
don't see an answer that was my takeaway
Katy I said you know what that speech
said to me he had so many great points
when about an hour and 40 minutes but
what it really said to me was a simple
message you can be proud to be
conservative again and if you are you
can win and we were beat back three
years Obama told us be ashamed to be
conservative because if you dare speak
it you're going to be shamed ostracized
and you're gonna lose and I think that
speech today was the battle charge for
2018 I totally agree and you know there
was always a thing about America being
the leader of the free world right and
we kind of lost that for a while it my
sense like with Obama here we were the
leader of the free world we were just
kind of prostituting ourselves to
liberals now I know the rest of the UK
outside of London is Stan and our stupid
Muslim mayor we look to Trump and we
look to America Germany the AFD they
look to Trump and also in Italy we're
going to do really strongly in the next
election
they look to trump so it's almost like
you guys are back as leaders of the free
world as well you don't love about you
and I don't think even realize you do it
you've done this every time we spoken
whether it be on air and our little
segments or just you have answering in
the caucus bantering over martinis when
you talk about your country you say we
but when you talk about the u.s. you
also say we of course have a world war
two mindset with the alliance between
the u.s. and the UK I absolutely love
that of course and I think it's really
reflective of the fact that the UK is
divided into two places using pens to
demonstrate London and the rest of UK
same as New York California trait that's
right and that's really important we are
we the rest of the UK is with you as the
rest of America and the stronger and the
closer and the more fiercely we stand
together the stronger we become as
conservatives and that's a powerful
thing I think there's an absolutely
awesome awesome way to end the segment
you really need to check out Katie's
work that she's doing with the rebel and
is absolutely outstanding and very very
necessary reporting my friend so great
to see you
nice to see you sir thank you very much
you
