don't like the carbon tax well just buy
a new car today we're talking about the
latest hot tips and lifestyle advice
from Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna in a rare and startling act of
good journalism and pushback against the
Liberals some tough questions were asked
of my news Environment Minister
Catherine McKenna when she appeared this
week on CBC Radio's the current to
explain how and why the federal Liberals
are imposing a carbon tax on provinces
that have refused to comply with the
federal government climate change
targets just listen to this exchange
here but how do you make that sell job I
mean two-thirds of Canadians live in the
suburbs and that means necessarily many
of them are reliant on a car a car that
for many of them they're now going to
pay four cents more leader in gas to
fuel how do you sell them on the idea
that this short term cost this immediate
cost is going to benefit in the long run
well I mean first of all I will say that
you will get more back more than you
will pay then what's my incentive to
change my behavior at all your incentive
is to think about okay when you buy your
next vehicle maybe I should choose a
more energy-efficient vehicle just buy a
new car you say no biggie the Tesla
Model 3 starts at about $45,000 that's
probably the cheapest model of Tesla and
I mean who doesn't have 45 thousand
dollars to just throw around oh and if
you don't have 45 thousand dollars to
plunk down on a car manufactured by the
subsidy suckers at Tesla then you can
just take public transportation although
I'm not quite sure to where because we
live in Canada which according to the
World Bank is one of the developed
nations with one of the lowest
population densities on the entire globe
a lot of us live pretty far away from a
lot of things and that's okay I sort of
kind of like it that way although I'm
not sure what country McKenna thinks
she's living in or what planet she's on
for that matter if she thinks that
public transportation is a pract
option for anyone living outside the
downtown core of a major city center and
I reject this contention from
politicians and we hear it all the time
this attitude that we're constantly just
driving around aimlessly and so we need
these taxes from mother government to
make us drive less I don't know about
you but I'm far too busy driving around
with a purpose from volleyball to rugby
to cadets to Girl Guides for groceries
and for work etc to be wasting any time
just driving around aimlessly I'd love
to be able to drive around aimlessly
just looking at the sights but I don't
have the time and I can't afford it
anyway because the cost of fuel is
already just far too expensive helped in
large part by the massive government
taxes that already exists on fuel this
strange carbon tax life advice from
McKenna shows just how out of touch and
detached from reality she really is and
detached from normal Canadians and her
gaff is reminiscent of crazy things said
by other Pro carbon tax politicians in
the country most notably the Alberta and
DP like when Rachel Notley said this you
know it's not just a question of having
a more fuel-efficient vehicle it could
sometimes be a question of taking a bus
walking although this clip here might be
one of my personal favorites
Alberta's Environment Minister Shannon
Phillips went on CBC radio to tell other
people to walk ride a bike or take the
bus and then she was forced to admit how
she got to the studio on that cold
winter day here people on Facebook are
curious about how you got to the studio
today whether you took the bus or walked
oh we drove we absolutely did and the
reason we did that is we only had ten
minutes to get here and you know what
those transit choices had it been there
we would have we would have used them
but we were running from one thing to
another the war on carbon though it's
part of the war on cars and practicality
for us regular people it wages on while
our politicians ride around in the
for its safety and convenience of a
government-funded SUV my rebel colleague
kyun backs T he's had enough of this
weird progressive movement to chase cars
from our suburban streets you can see
all of his coverage about this issue and
how he's helping Calgarians fight back
that stopped the war on cars dot CA but
getting back to McKenna as you well know
by now our carbon fighting overlords
they never do live by the rules and
behaviors that they're trying so hard to
make the rest of us live by just a
couple of weeks ago I exclusively
reported that McKenna herself had
accumulated some sixty thousand air
travel kilometers in her first eight to
nine months as Minister of Environment
and climate change then she bought
carbon offsets to make herself feel
better about her excessive air travel
and then she had the audacity to charge
her penance for her climate crimes back
to us the taxpayer and then in another
exclusive access to information
investigation the rebel discovered that
Catherine McKenna created her own
shuttle bus service for Environment and
climate change workers these 15
passenger vans run every 10 minutes
between two Gatineau addresses that's
every 10 minutes whether there are
people in them or not back and forth
back and forth back and forth all day
long for 251 days per year after premier
Notley told this all to walk ride a bike
or take the bus she refused to get on a
chartered bus for a meeting of the
premiers and instead took her own
comfortable private transportation to
the meeting with the premier I don't
know about you but I'm not going to take
climate change very seriously until the
people who spend their lives
fear-mongering to us about it actually
start living like the end is nigh for
the rabble media I'm Sheila Gunn read to
see all of my colleague Qian Beck's teas
coverage on the war against the car in
Calgary go to stop the war on cars dot
CA
you
