yesterday Justin Trudeau's liberals
announced their a third federal budget
but I think it's actually the very first
NDP budget it is as bad and as virtue
signalling as anything I have ever seen
in government the Liberals just dropped
their 1/3 budget yesterday and it should
have been dropped right into the toilet
and flushed away like the turd that it
is the Liberals are going to be running
an 18 point 1 billion dollar deficit
which is of course just another liberal
broken promise we should be used to
these things by now during the 2015
election campaign Justin Trudeau's
liberals promise to keep annual deficits
to no more than ten billion dollars and
to balance the books by 2019 well that
ain't happenin and that broken promise
just gets even more appalling when you
see exactly what the Liberals are and
aren't spending Canadian taxpayers
dollars on if this budget sounds like
it's straight out of the NDP socialist
platform well that's because it is the
Liberals are throwing cash at the
mainstream media a hundred and seventy
two million dollars over five years and
then forty two point five million
dollars a year after that to the
Canadian media fund and then another
fifteen million dollars over five years
to support local journalism in
underserved communities with a
consideration to allow Canadian
newspapers to receive charitable status
there is a new Advisory Council on the
implementation of national pharmacare to
be headed by former Ontario Health
Minister Eric Hoskins what could
possibly go wrong there the Liberals are
raising taxes on darts again a dollar
increase on a carton of two hundred
cigarettes with a promise to increase
taxes on cigarettes with inflation every
year rather than every five you see if
the smokes don't kill you the taxes just
might and then we get real feminists tea
and social justice see in the budget 2.6
billion dollars over five years to
encourage innovation in gender equality
in STEM industries including encouraging
female entrepreneur
the Liberals are spending our money to
fight the long debunked gender wage gap
that's going to take three million
dollars over the next five years to get
rid of that imaginary thing the Liberals
are also spending two billion dollars
over five years as part of their
additional support for the feminist
international assistance policy if
you're like me and you instantly thought
what in God's name is this garbage well
I looked into it some of it does some
good work to prevent gender-based
violence against women in the developing
world but there is also a substantial
portion of that program that is part of
the Liberals effort to increase access
to abortions abroad I checked and the
word gender appears 359 times in the 369
page budget document I have no idea why
the word appears at all is there
something specifically gendered about
government debt that I don't know about
because I'm pretty sure my daughters are
going to have to be paying down all this
debt just as much as my son is the
Canadian forces on the other hand only
appear twice in the budget once when the
government is talking about a specific
strategy to address gender-based
violence and then the next time
unbelievably is when the government
mentions the Canadian Forces Base
Halifax as one of the government's
highest reported emitters of carbon
dioxide there were no additional funding
for smiting Canada's enemies nor for
giving Canada's military the tools by
which to smite our enemies with perhaps
the Canadian military is just doing what
it always does according to Justin
Trudeau and they're asking for more than
he is willing to give right now I guess
there's just a little too much toxic
masculinity in the Canadian Forces to
spare our brave soldiers a few more
pennies this budget even though it could
easily have been written by I don't know
the blue haired person that works down
at the Starbucks for three hours a week
in their attempt to both subvert
capitalism from the inside and to
maintain their staff discount on the
blended diabetes inducing caffeinated
drinks there
also tips the liberals hand about their
2019 election strategy you see this
budget is the very first NDP budget in
Canadian history the pharmacare plan the
social justice initiatives and the
complete neglect of the Canadian
military is right out of the NDP
playbook all these issues were touched
on just two weeks ago at the NDP
convention just like in 2015 Justin
Trudeau is going to try to outflank the
socialist NDP from the left let's hope
this smart Center voters have had enough
of this ongoing embarrassment and are
pushed conservative like what happened
in the United States with the election
of Donald Trump and let's hope all of
this over-the-top pandering to
gender-based issues is received as well
as Trudeau's pandering in India for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid fake
news and bogus analysis are everywhere
but good news so is the rebel we have a
brand new rebel media mobile app you can
find it on the Google Play Store or the
Apple App Store download it give it a
whirl take the other side of the story
with you wherever you go
you
