now that pole to that CBC French pole
was 11 months old so it's not even up to
date since that time we've had a year of
illegal border crossings it's been
especially bad in Quebec so do you think
the hostility to open borders migration
is higher or lower remember 18 months
ago only 8% of Canadians told the
Liberals they wanted more immigration do
you doubt the number is even lower now
let me show you one more poll and this
one is from five months ago so it's not
totally current it's missed the latest
waves from America but it's pretty
up-to-date this is from Angus Reed it's
a discussion of those illegal border
crossers let me just zoom right in on a
key graph and then copying it directly
from the Angus Reed publication here so
it's a little bit low res but I think
you can make it out okay based on what
you have seen read or heard about this
issue would you say Canada is too
generous about right or not generous
enough towards these people and this was
a conversation with each border crossers
talking about these would-be refugees
the the ones that all started to come
under truth after Trudeau invited the
world to Canada with this tweet remember
that okay so look at the results back to
the results again and this is broken
down by party affiliation so just keep
this on the screen for a second that's
the start on the left there how many
people think Canada is being too
generous you see that cluster of bars on
the Left
53 percent of Canadians in total think
we're being too generous seventy-five
percent of tourists that's the blue line
think we're being too generous
forty percent of liberals think we're
being too generous
that's that red line on the left and 45%
of nd peers think we're being too
generous so that's the cluster of bars
on the Left called too generous and the
next one over shows how many people
think we're about right thirty four
percent of Canadians in general think
we're about right and 46 percent of
liberals think we're about right just to
pick one number there but look at the
next chart the the the third one over
this is the most important only six
percent best that grey bar only six
percent of Canadians think we are
not being generous enough so it's even
lower than that government poll I showed
you from The Globe and Mail 18 months
ago it's fallen from 8% back then who
thought we weren't being generous for
now and after just six percent now I
look at stroking down only 1% of Tories
think we're not being generous enough
but only 8% of liberals and Andy peers
think we're not being generous enough
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
