ever felt like you're uncool like what
you believe is unpopular of course you
know that feeling because if you are
watching this you likely reject a lot of
the ideology of the left so you at one
time have probably been made to feel
like you are a very very bad person for
not being a raging liberal so not only
is conservatism not cool now but being a
Christian is basically comparable to
being a pariah actor Chris Pratt you all
probably know him as one of the very few
relatively sane individuals in Hollywood
tweeted a response to the news that one
of his favorite directors Kevin Smith
had a massive heart attack over the
weekend Chris Pratt is a pretty openly
religious guy and he tweeted a very
heartfelt message to the director that
was met with a ridiculous and
substantial amount of a program he
tweeted Kevin we don't know each other
too good but I have loved you since
clerks and I'm praying my ass off for
you because I believe in the healing
power of prayer can you please pray with
me people so a lovely message right
nothing really there to criticize well
apparently similar to Vice President
Penn's being equated to mental illness
Pratt received these responses wTF is
praying going to do wise up he's in
hospital science is the best place for
him diet change and exercise not random
thoughts by you or anyone else another
gem of a person wrote healing power of
Prayer this is a parody right and yet
another lovely Lib wrote awesome we will
wait for proof of your claim or is this
something you take on faith ridiculous
maybe you people are so angry not
because Chris Pratt has faith but
because you don't I can only imagine the
desperation and bitterness and despair
that coincides with no faith in a higher
power relying only on yourself in this
world what sad angry people you are and
it is on full display on your Twitter
feed but sunny bunch who is the
executive editor at Washington free
beacon decided to poke fun of these
ridiculous people angry at Pratt's
mention of prayer and he tweeted I too
am getting sick and tired of people
casually offering people in medical
distress their best wishes of Chris
Pratt and other
we're mongers really committed to
helping Kevin Smith they would have
performed forcible lipo on him years ago
and I know that tweet was meant to be a
parody but when I read it I almost
thought that it was another liberal
outraged over Christianity because well
you never know but to that end America's
pastor Billy Graham as you all know
passed away last week and liberals just
couldn't help themselves you truly can't
believe this nastiness at Stevie's the
great tweeted hell was full and he
needed room for Billy Graham hashtag why
Satan kicked me out and Nia Vardalos
who's that actress from My Big Fat Greek
Wedding tweeted Billy Graham rest in
peace sir I hope God bumps you with
Liberace she's Canadian by the way sorry
guys you know I genuinely would love for
a liberal to surprise me one day with
their open-mindedness I truly truly what
I mean that but day after day I am
disappointed like a fat kid showing up a
day too late for the County Fair oh well
maybe next time
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at www.hsn
and download our new app for the rebel
media on the app store download it and
you will have access to all the latest
videos in your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching i'm amanda
head for the rebel
