good morning everybody I am impressed
that you are here this early on a
Saturday morning so my name is Sebastien
guca I'm a legal immigrants to the
United States and I was strategist to
the 45th President of the United States
Donald J Trump now when I meet a
wonderful group of people like
yourselves
the first question well first thing ever
says wow you're taller than we thought
second thing is what's he really like
they always ask me what's the president
really like well let me tell you I first
met Donald Trump when he was a candidate
in the summer of 2015 I get a phone call
from a guy called Cory Cory levin dosti
says mr. Trump has a national security
debate coming up in the GOP a series of
debates and he'd like to talk to
somebody about national security are you
free can you come to New York and I
thought sure so jump on a plane flew to
New York met in mr. Trump then mr.
Trump's office it was just the three of
us he was sitting in his desk Cory was
over here
and if you want to know what this man is
like in private well guess what
if you've been breathing and had a pulse
for the last 40 years you know who
Donald Trump is why because when you
switch on the television whether it's on
his own show whether it's here at the
podium whether it's a stump speech that
is Donald Trump there's no private
persona there's no oh I'm really going
to be like this behind closed doors and
in public I'm going to be different what
you saw yesterday here that magnificent
speech that is pure Trump and wasn't it
fabulous
that moment it's always my favorite
moment when I see it when he goes he
actually said this yesterday cap she
said this speech is so boring I'm gonna
I'm gonna get off autocue I'm gonna just
talk to you guys right that's who he is
he wants to connect why because he loves
all of you why does he love you because
you're all Americans irrespective of
your skin color irrespective of whether
you're an immigrant irrespective of
whether you go to church or synagogue he
loves you and he is a patriot
that's who Donald Trump is but to finish
the story about my first meeting so
we're sitting there and we are blue
skying about national security we're all
over the place we're talking about the
Middle East the civil war you name it
halfway through the conversation he just
stops looks at Corey and says I like
this guy let's hire him that's Donald
Trump decisiveness he knows what he
wants and he gets it and he's a fighter
and that's why you need to know and this
is something my good friend Larry
O'Connor said to me yesterday do you
understand what happened yesterday here
in this room the 2018 campaign began
right and you better listen to the
president because we are not going to
allow the standard complacency to get
the Democrats the house and the Senate
we're not going to let them do it
it's always the same we won in November
okay we've got the guy and we like him
he's gray so we don't need to go and
vote in the midterms wrong you must vote
and you must get your friends out there
because remember if you ever had a doubt
that God exists guess what November the
8th is all the proof you need why why
because she had it all she had the media
she spent one point four billion dollars
on a seat on a position she thought was
owed to her because of her gender and
her last name
right but she lost and as my good friend
Chris plant best morning show listen to
Chris plant on the radio every time
every morning it's a dose of sanity
Chris reminds us on his show and you
know what she's still not president you
need to understand that what General
Mike Flynn that great Patriot said about
November the 8th is true what happened
in this great nation the greatest nation
on God's earth is that we had a
political revolution a peaceful one
but a political revolution this man
brought us back from the brink we didn't
have two wheels over the edge of the
cliff we had three wheels over the edge
of the cliff if she had one that was it
from Supreme Court on down that was it
we would have lost our republic but what
else you need to know about this man
I'll give you another story we flew on
Air Force one with the president to
Youngstown Ohio last summer now
Youngstown Ohio is steel Valley okay we
land at the base we get into the convoy
with the Beast we've got a 20-minute
drive to the stadium for the whole
twenty minutes what do we see on the one
side disused steel mill off the disused
steel mill closed down factory off the
closed down factory on the other side
Americans lining up with flags okay this
is the heart of what Democrat
working-class real America we get to the
stadium and I'm there before the boss
because you know we have to get there
before the boss doing selfies with
everybody it's great fun and I know 99%
of the people in that stadium were
registered Democrats their parents were
registered Democrats their grandparents
registered Democrats but when Melania
came out onto the stage when the
president came out on the stage the
stadium exploded it erupted u.s.a u.s.a
drain the swamp think about that for a
second how is that possible
how is that possible in steel Valley why
because these fault of the earth
Americans look at that man and they say
yeah he's a billionaire
yeah he's the most famous man in the
world but you know what if I had a
billion dollars I'd be just like him I'd
be eating Big Macs on Air Force One like
he does
who doesn't love a Big Mac right this
man is a patriot and I'll give you an
example of just how he thinks and
operates did you hear him yesterday on
the Second Amendment did you hear what
he said he said we will never ever let
them take your rights away that's not a
talking point that's who he is look at
the decision he mentioned it yesterday
on Jerusalem I can tell you because I've
been in touch with a cabinet I talked to
the president very few people at the
highest level of the US government
supported the President on the decision
to move the embassy to Jerusalem and to
recognize riru solemn as the eternal
capital of the Israeli nation which it
is but you know what the president said
to all those people inside the building
who are pushing back saying you can't do
that'll be a disaster
he said you know what I promised the
American people I promised our best
friends in the Middle East our Israeli
friends and you know what and this is
Donald Trump it's the right thing to do
that's who he is and have faith have
faith this man is a fighter he will
never give up we're going to have you
heard it yesterday seven years of Trump
okay
seven more years and then eight years of
President Pence because we need a
minimum of 16 years to get back our
republic we have eight years of
stultifying political correctness social
engineering where the feds told you
which bathroom you could use it's
insanity
treating our military like pariahs
experimenting on them with their social
engineering garbage well that ended this
president has our military's back and
they know it they know it all right
getting a little bit excited I'm gonna
calm down now I want you to visualize a
membership card like an NRA life member
card I want you to understand I didn't
bring them but you all in here now
everybody who came here the thousands of
people have been here for the last three
days are now officially members of Team
Trump and I don't want you to just think
oh I'm gonna go and vote in November you
have to get everybody else you know to
vote take five people with you to the
polling station because we cannot lose
the republic and you need to understand
that you have a job beyond voting and
that's to help us on Team Trump people
inside the White House outside the White
House push back on the fake news they're
liars
whether it's CNN Washington Post hold
the line push back remember we are only
at the beginning of FISA Gate which
eventually will be Obama gate okay
and it's not the Ben Rhodes is of the
world it's not that John Brennan's it's
not the Susan Rice's who are only
culpable for the criminal regime we had
that spied on Americans illegally guess
what somebody had to let them and it's
the last president of the United States
so hold the line push back on the fake
news and ladies and gentlemen all you
Millennials especially have faith have
faith hold the line
let's hear it for CPAC format for Dan
for Ian god bless all of you and god
bless america
you
