if you build it they will come
might work in the field of dreams but it
certainly doesn't work with the federal
government I've got an update to bring
you about our investigation into the
usage of the federal government's
electric car charging stations an order
paper question asked by Conservative MP
ed fast called on the government to
answer some questions about their
federal fleet of electric car chargers
fast wanted to know where the Chargers
were what ministries were responsible
for them how much these things cost us
and how often they were being used each
and every month
anyway I recommend that you go back and
watch that original video to see the
details about how literal the federal
government actually uses their ECAR
chargers that they installed it's
outrageous some were used as
infrequently as eight minutes per month
basically the amount of time to do a
photo-op
like this one here with Environment
Minister Catherine McKenna I love this
picture you know how I know Catherine
McKenna doesn't use an e car all that
often
she thinks you have to stand there and
hold the plug like you do with the pump
on a regular car she's in for a long
three to six hours ahead of her but that
wasn't the worst of it I could see that
the Department of Fisheries and Oceans
had an e car charger installed in
November 2016 and it had never been used
not even once and they weren't even the
worst offending ministry the Environment
and climate change ministry had to eat
car chargers installed at exactly the
same time November 2016 neither one of
those ecard charging stations had ever
been used so I wanted some answers I
fired off a couple emails last week to
the media relations team at both of
those ministries I told you at the time
if I heard back from the DFO and the
Environment Ministry boat why they're
expensive car chargers are just
collecting dust that I would let you
know well they did hear back sort of in
my emails I of course identified myself
as a reporter with the rebel and I told
them I was working on a story about
their responses to the order paper
I provided the text of the order paper
question so they knew exactly what I was
asking about I asked the DFO and I'll
quote myself here
according to the DFO answer there is one
charging station located at the bio
vulcan building installed november 2016
according to the DFO response it has
never been used what is the reason for
this I'd like to include the
department's response in my story to my
surprise I heard back nearly immediately
from the DFO you're gonna love this I
know I do they replied hi Sheila in
regards to your question the charging
station is not in use at this time
because the Maritimes region does not
yet have an electric vehicle in its
fleet amazing the federal government
built the DFO an e car charging station
for a car that didn't have 16 months ago
and then they didn't get a car and they
still don't have a car credit where it's
due though at least I got the info out
of the DFO I can't say the same for the
environment and climate change ministry
I asked the Environment Ministry about
their two unused car chargers and I even
gave the exact locations of both of them
I asked why were these two evey charging
stations installed but not used I'd like
to include the ministry's response in my
story the ministry let me know they
received my enquiry they replied thank
you for contacting Environment and
climate change Canada we have received
your request and are looking into it
a spokesperson on our team will follow
up with you when possible and then they
asked me when I would be publishing my
story which is of course none of the
government's damn business
now that was roughly six days ago I'm
left to assume they also built chargers
for cars they don't have at the
taxpayers expense and don't want to
admit to it like the DFO did and this
stranglehold on information that should
be public is in contradiction to the
Liberals promises to be more free and
for lack of a better term more liberal
with information than there
sisters the Conservatives the Liberals
of course have failed to live up to that
promise like so many others even going
so far as to blame Stephen Harper as
recently as late last year for the
Liberals failure to disclose information
to the public rights right that pesky
Stephen Harper is the reason the
environment and climate change ministry
can't send me a single solitary email to
explain why they installed car chargers
they never once used is there nothing
that Stephen Harper can't do in fact
last week the very same week I went
looking for a simple explanation about
ECAR Chargers Canada's Information
watchdog Suzanne Lee show blasted the
Liberals on her way out the door it was
her very last week in office and she
accused the Liberal government of
reneging on their promises to bring
openness to Ottawa and accuse the
Liberals of violating the Charter rights
of Canadians by prohibiting quick and
easy access to federal documents and
data but I suspect the era of mainstream
media journalists actually caring about
government withholding public
information will soon come to a quiet
end as the Liberals are proposing a few
different plans to bail out failing
mainstream media companies making each
one of these companies beholden to the
Liberals for their own survival but not
us at the rebel will keep asking the
government the questions nobody else
will because we don't owe the government
a thing for the rebel media I'm Sheila
Gunn read the mainstream media liberal
bias is everywhere but so are we at the
rebel because we have a brand new rebel
media mobile app you can get it on the
Google Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
