now I did read enough for the treaty
with my own eyes to see that certain new
tariffs that Trudeau brought in three
years ago or two years ago are being
removed whether on class six and class
seven Milt's of products I don't even
know what that is I think it's like
powdered milk protein or something so I
know that some of his dairy
protectionism is gone what's the what's
the are Quebec dairy farmers in are they
still protected are they still going to
get subsidies how's that going to work
professor I think that this what we're
seeing is the the death knell of supply
management in Canada I've written two
papers on this and by the way I'm not
funded by anybody in the agriculture
industry or banks or financial
institutions I did this study on my own
looking at the data and so forth it is a
monumental failure the Supply Management
when you strip it away has the identical
business model characteristics of the
late Soviet former Soviet Union that is
to say you restrict or ban or exclude
foreign products from coming into your
economy which we did that's point step1
step2
you fix the supply the annual production
of that product could be shoes it could
be apartments in this instance its milk
and thirdly you fix the price that in
strip right down is the essence of the
centrally planned economy everywhere
North Korea Cuba Venezuela doesn't
matter it is being a failure everywhere
in the world and let's take away the
word communism it's so inflammatory take
away the word supply management has
become inflammatory those three
characteristics I've just described
which describes a Supply Management have
been a failure everywhere in the world
in the last 300 years there without an
exception whatsoever it is a system
designed to exploit low-income and
ordinary consumers and to reward a very
small number of producers having said
that I think that mr. Trudeau did see
that the wind was blowing in the
opposite direction we are the only
country
esra on on the planet earth that still
has any supply management says
and and even beyond that we could some
people could say oh well those other
countries were ahead of the curve within
agriculture the the chicken farmers and
the dairy farmers are the only farmers
and they're only 5% of our farming
population in Canada they're the only
farmers that have Supply Management our
beef farmers in Western Canada did you
not have Supply Management our grain
farmers who are extraordinarily
successful do not have Supply Management
our hog farmers our fruit farmers our
vegetable farmers it's only these two
and I would argue that the reason
they've sunk from a hundred and fifty
thousand farmers dairy farmers in 1971
when Pierre Trudeau set it up and
they've sunk collapsed down to nine
thousand today is because of Supply
Management it's made it so expensive
young people young men and women cannot
enter supply me a dairy farming because
the cost of the quota the license to
produce the milk and I'm not talking the
cow I'm talking the license is so
expensive most young people can't afford
it it's driven potential people who
wanted to go into dairy farming out of
dairy farming and so the sooner it can
go the better it will be for the dairy
farmers as well as consumers in Canada
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levin show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
