we've already endured the National
Football League and various Hollywood
award shows like the Golden Globes and
the Grammys get co-opted by the social
justice warrior set but can't I at least
visit the bloody mall to buy some soap
without receiving a sanctimonious sermon
well apparently not
at least not if one chooses to go
shopping at a lush store
lush is a slang term for being overly
intoxicated but lush is also the name of
a global chain of cosmetic shops and the
lush corporation is seemingly drunk with
self-righteous virtue signaling its most
recent cause de jour is transgender
rights here's the spiel I want people to
know that the way I choose to present
myself doesn't make my identity any more
or less valid I am 100% me and there's
nothing that you can do about it I'm
non-binary but that doesn't mean I'm
confused about Who I am
no one identity or experience is the
same my gender identity is a journey I'm
learning more the older I get my
transition is none of your business
fall in love with hots nut box I am a
person trans rights are human rights oh
very interesting but consider this how
does lushes campaign for trans rights
dovetail with its unabashed support for
the terrorist group Hamas after all in
2011 the social cause flavour of the day
for lush was going too bad for the
Palestinian Authority which Hamas
controls indeed you may recall one world
a group started by various recording
artists whose mission statement was to
free Palestine from its Israeli
oppressors and with the help of the
plagiarism prone band Coldplay one world
launched a song titled freedom for
Palestine which paints Israel as illegal
occupiers committing crimes against
humanity but in addition to serving up
more BDS BS Lush was supporting the very
same Hamas that targets members of the
LGBT community for death that's a little
harsh don't you think so
which is it lush do you support Hamas
and all it stands for ie discrimination
against and persecution of LGBT members
or is your support for trans rights
merely confined to the planets civilize
neighborhoods but if this is indeed the
case that lushes transsexual campaign is
meant for non site whole countries only
then I'm not quite sure what lush is
getting at here is anyone in any Western
democracy denying human rights to
transsexuals these days because I'm
pretty sure doing so is already illegal
thanks to everything from human rights
regulations to labor laws yet an
uncomfortable question arises when it
comes to so-called trans rights namely
how far do we take it
for
temple here are a few questions I put to
the media relations department at lush
given its trans rights initiative number
one does your company back the right for
a transgendered male to compete in
various sports against natural born
woman number two does your company
support the right of a transgendered
male to work and/or reside at a shelter
for abused woman 3 does your company
support the idea that a male prisoner
who is identifying as female should be
able to serve his sentence at a woman's
prison now these are not hypothetical
questions folks rather these queries are
lifted from the headlines of today so
far I've only received radio silence
from the folks at lush but assuming lush
does indeed support those affirmation
initiatives then what this company is
effectively stating is that they're
actually supporting the rights of a very
tiny group at the expense of about 50%
of the population yet lush can't help
itself when it comes to virtue signaling
apparently there is no righteous cause
lush doesn't want to embrace for example
in the Australian edition of The
Huffington Post writer Juliet Steen
lovingly highlights the myriad social
causes lush champions for example all
lush products are vegetarian with a
large portion being vegan which is good
I suppose in case a foul-mouthed vegan
is ordered to wash his or her mouth out
with soap I suppose then there's charity
pot I know that sounds like a scheme in
which marijuana is distributed for free
but actually it turns out charity pot is
a fund for worthy causes such as the
peanuts farm which provides care and
rehabilitation for abused animals and
nurturing for children from
dysfunctional backgrounds now here's a
beauty lush says it supports positive
social and political change and to
affect social and political change
lush will use their stores their staff
windows websites and social platforms
this means essentially speaking out
against climate change and embracing a
refugee policy of course lush according
to that article apparently also promotes
ethical buying meaning the company only
purchases goods from suppliers who
provide their farmers and factory staff
with a safe working environment and the
company also collaborates with farmers
around the world to start sustainable
projects from scratch that all sounds
very good but it should be noted that
the fawning article which was written by
Juliet Steen well Miss Deane was flown
from Australia to London to attend
something called the lush summit and who
paid the freight for that trip well none
other than Lush Cosmetics Australia now
you don't really believe that a
journalist that gets flown halfway
around the world and is put up in a posh
hotel on the lush dime is going to be
even remotely critical of lush do you so
while lush is big on ethical this and
ethical that they don't seem to be all
that big on ethical journalism and
another thing as much as lush likes to
say it supports farmers without whom its
store shelves would be empty
is that really the case consider the
logic defying insanity that occurred at
a lush store in Michigan last year in
which a 17 year old who works at his
family's dairy farm was actually kicked
out of a lush store after an employee
remarked that lush quote didn't support
farmers and stood against cruelty to
animals end quote only after this story
was publicized that the company
apologized for the young man's ejection
see that's the thing about running a
company based on social justice
principles that can be at the polar ends
of the ideological spectrum sometimes it
gets a little messy a little sticky gee
maybe it would be so much easier if
flush would simply just stick to the
business of selling soap instead of
sermons and while they're at it maybe
they could use some of that soap to
cleanse the hypocrisy from its corporate
conscience for the rebel dog media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks download the new rebel media
app from the Google Play Store or the
Apple App Store to take the rebel with
you wherever you go
you
