look I don't expect you to be that
interested in finance but it is
important not just for the economy but
also because many of our culture walls
which I know you are interested in a
playing out more and more through
business now straighten banks have just
begun a kind of Inquisition of sorts
known as a Royal Commission it's really
a hangover in part from the financial
crisis a dykon-- decade ago but they've
been ongoing scandals around pay and rip
offs for some time now like Canada
Australia was one of the few places in
the Western world not to require any
kind of bailout for the banks but what
I'm interested in and I suspect it's
something planned in North America too
is the business leaders including
bankers are increasingly talking about
progressive social issues as a way of
trying to win back moral authority now
the biggest culprit in Australia is the
CEO of Qantas a national airline Alan
Joyce
he was very focal during the gay
marriage debate last year and watch him
get hit by lemon meringue pie for his
views here but a recent appointment of
the CEO of the biggest bank in Australia
the Commonwealth Bank has also talked up
these credentials in diversity as part
of a leadership pitch now banks are also
promoting their charitable activities
and the public ownership through
superannuation funds anticipating a
reputational attack during this Royal
Commission but I think banks and
businesses are going down the wrong path
and actually falling it right into the
hands of social activists which are
effectively trying to hurt business and
capitalism more generally you can see
him locally with a host of activist
groups trying to attack any bank that
funds coal projects now what banks must
assert is the moral worth of their core
activities they have to do this in the
form of accessible human stories and not
economic jargon the helping people
manage their economic risks is the
purpose of financial services in a
leverage and debt are actually creakle
to maximize human potential you'd know
it you wouldn't know it from the soleus
language that dominates finance but risk
is actually at the heart of navigating
life now in my job it meant health for
example the growth of anxiety disorder
is about people over estimating risk in
their daily activities the disruption is
affecting belief systems and in turn
consumer behavior people have more
purchasing power they have money to
spend on on brands that express
something that they believe in
now the upheaval in belief systems stem
from living in so post religious society
of so hollowed out identities that are
diluted from clan tradition and
community the key territory people can
have a sense of certainty and
authenticity is in their feelings and
the political causes that best exploit
them are the progressive social ones but
if business fails to push their
officials falls down this route vying
for moral legitimacy in this uncertain
battleground if if on social issues the
politics of feeling if you like it
completely stuffs up their fundamental
purpose there can be an alternative
strategic angle in talking about social
issues particularly attracting say
younger consumers and staff who might
agree with it it can actually help with
employee engagement particularly young
people who want their job to I guess
project their value systems now the
sharp decline in trust throughout
Western democracies is also a factor and
I think some businesses are filling this
void whereas previously politicians and
community groups but there are few areas
that have lost more trust than the
financial sector when you're reeling
with scandal and gargantuan pay now
pending to rebuild the industry's image
and rebranding itself as social
aptitudes social ad because only hiding
suspicions that their core activities
are suspect after all it's surely hard
enough to deliver the best possible
product or service in such a competitive
marketplace now banks and business might
be better suited in insisting that
social obligations beyond jobs and
prosperity lie very much in the hands of
government now there's never been a more
urgent need to articulate the greater
purpose of the financial industry not
just in dry economic terms but in moral
ones try and engage in the politics of
feeling will only make their situation
worse
if you liked this video please subscribe
to rebel media
you
