can you trust the mainstream media I've
got an incredible story of what looks
like a hit job put together by the
left-wing trifecta the mainstream media
the government and a small socialist
blogging site against a Calgary private
school the star metro Edmonton recently
reported that a learning resource was
being used a multiple-choice question
asking students to identify a positive
effect of residential schools they
quoted the founder of the elite Webber
Academy Neil Weber as saying quote we
want our teachers to discuss both the
positives and negative aspects of the
issue going on - then insinuate that
somehow dr. Webber was a vocal proponent
of residential schools at least that's
how progress Alberta took it
progress Alberta they started tweeting
supposed quotes had said but you were
not close at all I didn't say those
things
turns out the mainstream media is in on
it too because we have reached peak fake
news folks check out this paragraph from
the star metro article while
acknowledging some may question the
validity of the question which appeared
on a test in the social studies 20-4
course the founder and head of the Weber
Academy in Calgary Neil Weber said
during an interview with star Metro
quote I sure as hell don't instead of
just framing webber as the supporter of
residential schools I decided I would
actually go to the school and ask some
real questions I seeing what the
resource was I agree with them that they
should not use it but I am concerned
that he was indicating that we should
not even ask the question aren't were
there any positive benefits you know I
don't maybe a darn ad but in a classroom
discussion developing critical thinking
skills of students you should be asking
questions what were the negatives what
were the positives
turns out it's worse than just fake news
it looks like not only as Weber Academy
the victim of a mainstream media smear
jobs surprise surprise even worse it
looks like the Minister of Education had
to have been in on it too - he
facebooked I put a Facebook message
forward
that's the that the a private school had
been concerned about his email
withdrawing that resource and that's
that was untrue I think I know why the
government is out to get him I think
this is part of an ongoing attack on
Weber Academy because they're guilty of
being a private school something the NDP
just cannot stand to give you an idea
this school is so successful that the
Fraser Institute frequently gives them
ninety seven percent out of two to one
hundred percent ratings giving putting
them in the top 5% of over 800 schools
who cares about learning outcomes if the
NDP have an ideological bone to pick
with you to me the issue is twofold
on one hand our teachers not the
Minister of Education know how to best
educate our students after all they have
a degree in giving our students the
tools that they need to learn and grow
on the other hand it's an issue of free
speech David Aegon the Minister of
Education has absolutely no right to be
telling schools what or how to teach so
long as they're teaching the Alberta
curriculum instead you must agree with
the left-wing worldview of the current
government and preach it unflinchingly
or a confluence of left-wing
collaborators will conspire to just ruin
your reputation luckily when I asked if
teachers at Webber Academy were going to
kowtow to the NDP this is what dr.
Webber had to say any controversial
topic and your own controversial talking
we're gonna have our students ask
questions for example a grade 6 class
recently they were talking about forms
of government dictatorships democracies
one student said my parents came from a
country where there was a dictatorship
and they thought it was a well-run
country and so they had a discussion
well here was a different point of view
and that is good for that discussion I
think it's safe to say that Webber
Academy will not be toeing the
government line any time soon for the
rebel dot media this is Qian Bechstein
I think the government is hiding their
involvement in trying to ruin the
reputation of Weber Academy so I'm
investigating you can stay up to date by
following me on Twitter at economic with
a3 and help me out by sharing this video
to your friends family and the teachers
of your kids Thanks
you
