the next war on Alberta's Natural
Resources is heating up
this time the province with a lot of
help from the federal government is
using the woodland caribou as a road
block to Alberta prosperity there was
just a rally at the Alberta Legislature
organized in conjunction with a forest
Industry Association called the Alberta
forest alliance now the ralliers want
the Alberta government to re-examine
their draft caribou policy this is a
really big issue I'm going to try to
give you the Coles Notes version with as
much information as I can and I want you
to hear from the people this draft
caribou plan is affecting the most
woodland caribou populations across the
country are declining that's a fact
so in response to that the federal
government called upon the individual
provinces who are in charge of the land
these caribou live on to create a plan
to save the woodland caribou that would
require at least 65% of woodland caribou
ranges to be left completely undisturbed
so in late December Alberta introduced
their draft woodland caribou plan the
province will be spending 85 million
dollars over the next five years to
restore caribou habitat by eliminating
seismic lines and lease roads and by
building maternity pens and fences to
keep predators out preliminary plans
from the government set aside 1.8
million hectares for permanent
protection in Alberta's northwest corner
which amounts to a 38 percent reduction
in available land base for forestry the
protection of these lands could also
make them off-limits for oil and gas and
for agriculture too so in response six
northwestern municipalities formed the
Northwest species at risk committee to
develop an alternative plan which
doesn't involve turning huge portions of
Alberta into an off-limits provincial
park the committee said the provinces
proposed plan could result in 640 jobs
lost just in the forestry sector alone
and hundreds more
in oil and gas of course
environmentalist groups say the
provinces plan doesn't go far enough
because these delicious woodland
ruminants are their way to block both
forestry and oil and gas development in
vast tracts of resource rich northern
Alberta but the people who live and work
in the area encompassed by the caribou
ranges are outraged and they say they're
left out of the conversation they feel
there's a way to better balance
protection of the caribou with jobs
prosperity and resource development in
their communities they say the
provincial government is going to
devastate their towns by sterilizing
caribou ranges of resource development
chasing away thousands of much-needed
local jobs so people from all across the
north converged on the Alberta
Legislature demanding that the Alberta
government stand up for their jobs
against the federal government's demands
for a caribou protection plan I did
something the NDP didn't do and I
ventured into that crowd of Albertans to
listen to their concerns here they want
to eradicate all industry out of it
which is going to cost taxpayers
billions of dollars and there's also
going to have to be compensation to all
the companies are involved which is
going to be billions of dollars the news
is going to pay for that it's going to
be a tax payers do you think that not
enough attention is being paid to
forestry by the NDP absolutely not they
don't get it at all they need to pay
attention to us if they do they go ahead
with this draft plan it means we're
gonna lose 300 thousand cubic meters to
our mill which means we could shut down
a shift that's a hundred people direct
jobs just at our mill that's gonna
affect my job I live there I've lived
there my whole life my dad has his
business there my stepfather has his
business there if the mill and white
court collapses the town doesn't exist
well it's important for us to make sure
the government hears our side of the
story that it's important to protect
both caribou and jobs and we can't look
at this at this topic in a vacuum and we
want to just make sure that they they
represent us as well
they're representing some of the other
special interests the job loss would be
very vast if it were if the plan were to
go through it and that would greatly
affect my community my friends in the
community and the community that I would
return to after going to school so
that's a big deal to me and my family if
the same amount of jobs were being lost
in Edmonton if we expanded it so that it
was the same percentage of unemployment
do you think the government would take
notice absolutely they would a hundred
thousand jobs in Edmonton Alberta I
think they'd be panicking but of course
when it's small northern communities
they don't think it's gonna affect them
it is oil and gas is a huge contributor
to our economy in Alberta and all
throughout Canada if oil and gas with
combined with carbon tax and this
caribou and how hard it is to access the
resources in Alberta they're gonna pull
out do you expect the NDP to come out
and listen to you today I would expect
them to come out and address the crowd
and ask him why we're losing our the
jobs that we're losing there was a
hundred and five students in my grade 52
of which have parents that are directly
employed by forestry and oil and gas and
38 have had parents in support jobs of
the oil and gas and forestry industries
so that leaves only 15 students who
would not be affected in my grade you
know what our our kids are important to
our future and you know we're here
representing logging contractors and
families and you know what without work
we don't have families and that's what
we're here for right I'm not sure are
you saying no one not one person from
the NDP came out to meet with these
people some of which had driven over ten
hours one way just to stand up on the
steps of the legislature and be heard
but credit where it's due and it pains
me to do this I was pleasantly surprised
to see the union representing forestry
workers actually show up on the side of
their own members instead of showing up
on behalf of the NDP for once woodland
caribou populations across the country
are in decline that's not in
disagreement
nobody really knows why they just are so
I thought I would take a look at the
numbers using the environmentalists own
data so we can really understand what's
going on here in fact I used the same
numbers the Canadian parks and
wilderness Society uses to constantly
push for more protected caribou land
since 2004 the Banff North Mountain
caribou herd has gone extinct that herd
was five members strong it was also in a
national park where there's no hunting
or oil and gas development the south
Jasper mountain herd dropped from 87
animals down to 51 in just five years
that herd also in a National Park where
there's no hunting or oil and gas
development so the animals that are
existing in parks where there's no oil
and gas development and no hunting are
still declining drastically so why on
earth would the government think that
turning more Alberta land into park
status is going to save the rest of the
animals that's clearly not the solution
because we can see it just isn't working
and economically speaking the little
floki boreal herd is probably the most
stable herd with 80 animals in 2004 and
78 animals ten years later but if the
government does what it intends to do in
the little smokey area to protect those
78 animals it could mean a two billion
dollar loss and economic development and
a thousand jobs 640 of those right off
the hop two billion dollars a thousand
jobs for 78 caribou that will likely
continue to decline in population
despite all efforts to save them those
are some pretty expensive ungulates you
got there what environmentalists won't
tell you is that the caribou is the most
abundant wild hoofed animal in Canada
three point eight nine million caribou
are spread across the country there are
more caribou than deer moose and elk
combined and what about that subspecies
the woodland caribou that everybody
seems to be lighting their hair on fire
about there are one point two eight
million of those in Canada hardly
something to be worried about when you
say so environmentalist further divided
that population into
forest tundra types and forest dwelling
types with no real biological difference
except where they live the forest
dwelling type is the one that's in
decline if you divide any species down
far enough you'll get some pretty small
numbers based on arbitrary differences
and that's exactly what's happening here
environmentalists divided and divided
until they got a small enough number
that conveniently lives where we make
the oil and harvest the lumber Alberta
Ontario and Quebec are going to decimate
their own forestry industries at the
behest of the federal government and
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna
because the federal government has
already divided a highly populous animal
into a bizarre subset based on where
they live alone and then designated that
population protected let's be real here
we know it's not about the caribou these
people don't care about the caribou just
like the spirit bear or the orca these
animals are simply a means to an end a
tool for environmentalists and the end
is stopping Canadian natural resources
from being harvested and getting to
international markets and the Alberta
government is just all too eager to help
them do it
for the rebel dot media I'm Shiela gonna
read fake news misinformation and
liberal bias is everywhere but I've got
some good news because so are we the
rebel media has a brand new mobile app
it's available on the Google Play Store
or the Apple App Store download it give
it a whirl and take the other side of
the story with you wherever you go
you
