I want to tell you about a new service
we're offering from the rebel and it's
free and I think you're gonna like it
it's an early morning email with a
digest of the news stories that we're
following that day we'll send those out
every weekday morning at about 8 a.m.
Eastern so that's 6 a.m. mountain time
so wherever you are in North America you
can read it before you start your day in
earnest read it on the go read it on
your smart for them whatever and it has
about 10 stories that we're following
with links to the original news sites
sometimes it's from conservative news
sites sometimes we'll even link to a
story hit the CBC state broadcaster if
it's relevant the whole purpose is a
quick read of what's cooking out there
that we care about on the day it's it's
really a clipping service almost like a
mini Drudge Report but it's Canadian and
we'll also include one or two of our own
stories that we want to make sure you
haven't missed from the day before it
takes only a couple of minutes to skim
and you've got what you need to know so
sign up for this by going to the rebel
dot media slash rebel bus or by clicking
the link in a sample email we'll send
you if you're already on one of our
existing email lists and let me know
what do you think of the rebel buzz go
to the rebel dot media slash rebel buzz
to give it a try for free it's a quick
read skimming in a minute or two it'll
give you the news you need to know go to
the rebel dot media slash rebel buzz
