with me now is Patrice on mukha senior
policy analyst for the Independent
Women's Forum if you listen to my show I
say the key to winning elections
especially in swing states like Florida
Pennsylvania Ohio the critical stage is
the woman's vote I also say it's those
four to seven percent in the middle the
independents and the non party
affiliated and I've got a representative
a boat right here Patrice thanks for
being here you're gonna see again good
to see you too so tell me a little bit
about AWI independent Williams form and
what you're doing to mobilize absolutely
so the Independent Women's Forum is an
educational organization we want to help
women understand that free markets in
personal liberty and freedom are the
things that help women really achieve
their American dream and pursue
everything that they can
we're a c3 organization so we're not in
mobilization were more in educating
women we do have a sister organization
that does do the mobilization what is
that independent woman's voice so we've
been engaged in health care debates and
policy now we're returning to kind of
pave leave and some of those other
issues so this is always a really
interesting topic to me what what right
now as you survey your membership how
large is the organization I mean we are
we have thousands of followers on social
media right yeah and then how many
people do you figure you reach in a
given month Oh between essays op-eds
like millions of people okay so you're
near you're reaching a needle moving
population yeah
women who were independent primarily
independent of non party affiliated vote
yes what are the top three issues to
them he's good tough three issues to him
as we sit here today number one economic
issues I know the bread-and-butter stuff
can I pay can I pay for health care is
number two and number three national
security women's so-called women's
issues are not even on the top five you
know what I'm smiling because I say in
my show Patrice may be daily that I
don't care who you are I don't care what
your political affiliation is your race
your religion your creed or sexual
orientation
every American fundamentally cares about
three issues three umbrella issues money
safety in fact yes do I make more money
safety is everything from national
security to I get mugged walk into my
car and family ties in everything ties
any money can I take the kids to Disney
World and get them raised that's right
okay are my kids safe and their school
very topical things so it doesn't
surprise me and I find it
condescending and pandering when
politicians seem to think that women and
those independent or NPA voters care
about different issues
I really maybe they look at the issues
in a different way so let's talk about
the issues okay where are your where are
you saying independent and and non party
affiliated women come down on tax reform
I think now that they're getting the
message and feeling it in their pockets
and their paychecks they are starting to
be to support to be supportive of it I
mean general polling indicates that most
Americans are now appreciative of tax
cuts in tax reform so that's good okay
now where are they on obviously the big
issue in the room unfortunately with the
parklands you yes we're talking about
school safety where so many issues in
one we're talking about a funding for
school security we're talking about easy
issues like of securing and hardening
schools
as secure facilities let me get into the
more complex issues gun control on
personality I'm falling I don't throw in
a lot at you I mean generally most
Americans are still fairly supportive of
going to ownership and of the Second
Amendment I think there is going to be
some movement after coming out of
parkland on specific things we saw a
president Trump wants to ban you know
bump stocks for example but I think
Americans recognize you have to balance
security and safety with your
fundamental rights and as a woman
especially women who are on campuses or
or in communities where there's a lot of
violence you want to know that you can
protect yourself and I don't think they
want to lose that right they do so your
membership is pro-second amendment well
we don't really get into Second
Amendment issues so much but there are a
lot of women who when we down
tangentially and where do they stand on
on these issues if you need to pull them
or serving them on personnel in schools
whether it be teachers who have prior
military or law enforcement perience
police substations at our schools yet we
haven't done dug that deep in I think
coming out of parkland or over the next
few months we'll probably get a better
read for where women are there we were
they on president truck I think there
are conservative women who are staunch
supporters I think there's some
right-of-center women who don't
necessarily agree with everything he
says but like where the country is going
and that's the most important thing
that's really interesting you know I
spoke to a group of women in
in New York my mother friends of hers
friends and they've never been you know
they vote right there right planning
voters and but some of my friends but
they've always been partisans but not
hype of course okay and what they all
voted for Trump and the reason they all
voted for Trump was what gives that av
economic issues would be they just
didn't find Hillary likable I don't know
if you saw that among your your your
groups oh yes but I think women
especially hated comments from Madeleine
Albright that all women you know have a
responsibility to vote for Hillary
Clinton just because she's a woman
women are independent thinkers you know
and we're thinking when we're voting or
when we are considering issues we're
thinking about our family we're thinking
about our personal growth and if you're
your solutions are not going to help our
family help our growth or help what's
really important to us you're not gonna
get our vote really always I know we
have to critically analyze but I've
always been
I've always been concerned that we do
that to critically look I don't care
like I said if you were you're black
you're white or Hispanic your age and I
go to your mouth email gay straight yeah
everybody wants more money in their
paycheck yes nobody what's their home
broken into that's right exactly and I
think what your membership is saying is
a hearing is there just common sense
Boulder yes yeah I think common sense is
the right word I mean when you look at
solutions take an issue you know like
like Paley for example the left wants to
make it one of these fundamental rights
and the right so far hasn't really had a
strong answer so we're coming in saying
hey personal care accounts are a great
private-sector example where your money
is right like you put aside money for a
401 K and then you can have maybe a very
small targeted program if you need to
but the government is not going to be
the full solution to every single one of
your problems where women understand
that that's a very libertarian use by a
libertarian conservative condition let
me figure out how that's a choice should
be I don't want a government to do that
yes it's an interesting position so what
do you guys have plans for 2018 oh my
god terms this year yeah I mean we're
again educating women on a lot of the
issues what's important to them we're
really pushing hard on tax cuts and tax
reforms hashtag not crumbs that's a push
back on Nancy Park and Debbie
wasserman-schultz and all the rest of
them and when we're also talking about
you know that the Ivanka Trump has
really been pushing paid leave so we're
thinking how do we push back on those
state-level mandates which we are seeing
across the country where either
employers are gonna have to be taxed or
individuals every worker will have to be
taxed right there's got to be a better
solution and that's what we're trying to
drive out this certainly does and it
might very well be those free market
solutions they tend to solve a lot more
than government ever had exactly exactly
and they're not one size fits all
they're customizable to what you really
need they're really pleased absolutely
nice punches you show we've got senior
policy want to get it right senior
policy I'm okay with it
thank you so much for all of your CPAC
2018 coverage stay tuned to the rebel
and don't forget to subscribe to our
premium service at www.fortuigence.com
you
