I'm here at CPAC with some of your
favorite rebels and I'm going to let you
know what my favorite CPAC moments have
been thus far on the robos hi everybody
I'm Amanda head and this is the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel it
has been an amazing week here at CPAC
it's always a great time because not
only are their spectacular speakers and
panelists but we get to reunite with old
friends and colleagues and it's just a
great time all the way around some of
your favorite rebels are here as well my
dear friend John Cardillo of course
Katie Hopkins and dr. Sebastian Gorka
are all here with me along with a few
thousand other passionate conservatives
I want to share with you some of my
favorite moments and speeches since you
presumably aren't here so of course Mike
Pence was the pinnacle of Thursday's
speeches he touched on some of the
highlights of the Trump administration's
successes including but not limited to
moving the capital of Israel to its
rightful home of Jerusalem he also
discussed the Trump administration's
commitment to fortifying and mobilizing
our military basically allowing their
rules of engagement to be decided from
the ground in that area not Central
Command in Florida at one point during
his speech discussing the disastrous NFL
he said we always stand for our flag and
our national anthem and the CPAC crowd
went absolutely wild and began chanting
USA USA USA he also assured the crowd
that after he had spoken with President
Trump that morning that President Trump
couldn't wait to get to CPAC for his
speech another one of my favorite
speeches was wayne lapierre 'he's of
course of the nra Lapierre discussed the
NRA s school shield program for helping
schools integrate more security and
fortify their campuses
free of charge hello free of charge
that's the question I always get when
I'm talking about this with people who's
going to pay for it well there's your
answer there you go the NRA but my
favorite part of his speech was when he
basically threw it in the mainstream
media's face knowing that they were
covering it that it's actually the NRA
who we can thank for the National
check system that was the NRA's bill the
prohibited persons list thank the NRA
for that the last spot on my list of
favorite moments at CPAC will
undoubtedly be filled by President Trump
speech which others here at the rebel
will talk about after it has happened I
hope you all have had a great week
thanks for joining us I'm Amanda head
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rubble subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE afford slash shows and make sure
you're following us on Facebook and
Twitter for all the latest news also
download our new app for the rebel media
on the App Store download it and you
will have instant access to all of the
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows thanks so much for watching i'm
amanda head for the rebel
