so Trudeau is fighting veterans in court
because they're asking for more than he
can give he didn't fight Omar Khadr in
court Trudeau paid Cotter ten point five
million dollars and paid out three other
people accused of having links with
terrorism ten million bucks each to but
veterans they're asking for more that he
can give people so that's the old here's
the news
it's from the Ottawa News website called
black locks army to install wind farms
let me quote a bit the military proposes
to install wind farms on army bases and
encourage staff to bicycle to work under
a climate change program the Department
of National Defense noted it is the
biggest energy user in the federal
government and the largest emitter of
greenhouse gases we have a
responsibility to show leadership really
they are asking for more than we are
able to give right now so no money for
veterans but money for wind turbines on
military bases and bike paths so it's a
particularly good in wintertime but
really how is this any different from
the announcement earlier this month that
the military will now be run on feminist
principles this is not a joke I'm not
quoting from the onion there will now be
a gender analysis of decisions in the
military so you've got global warming
and feminism how many millions are gonna
be spent on that but no more money for
our veterans they're asking for more
than we are able to give right now I see
another piece of news today the Navy's
new resupply vessel won't be able to
deploy into war zones it's just not
ready for the big leagues just not ready
for war it doesn't have the
communications equipment doesn't have
the military equipment so it's fine for
peacetime but if there's any shooting it
won't do
but isn't that when you need a military
supply ship the most that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including all
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
