the premature death of innocent human
beings is always a tragedy even more so
when we talk about young children being
the victims since the parklands shooting
there has been a call yet again for gun
control in America this time using some
of the survivors the young children from
that school is political props for those
people who would disarm American
citizenry now I could quote all kinds of
statistics here the fact that less than
3% of all criminal use of firearms in
America is done with semi-automatic
rifles I could talk to you about the
fact that there is no such thing as an
assault rifle and that this weapon is in
the hands of at least 15 million people
in America who will not be disarmed but
all of this is really irrelevant to the
broader issue America is different we
have to understand that any other model
forced upon America we have serious
politicians allegedly serious
politicians talking about how we should
use other countries models like
Australia well there's one big problem
with using other countries models for
the private ownership of weapons no
other country has the Second Amendment
why after freedom of speech was the
Second Amendment of the United States
one about the people's right to be armed
for a very specific reason because
America as a nation is unique there have
been hundreds literally hundreds of
revolutions in modern history but no
modern developed nation was born in a
revolution quite like America's if small
group of people a fraction of the
colonial population resisted and broke
way from a dictatorial unrepresentative
government under King George that is why
after freedom of speech the second most
important right of the Bill of Rights is
our right to protect ourselves not from
each other not from robbery and not to
have guns for hunting but to stop
dictators again whether they are far
away princes or kings whether they are
domestically grown fascist nationalist
Nazi or communist socialist dictators
America cannot inherit or use other
people's models because we are the
bright shining city on the hill because
we are the only nation born on the
concept of democracy and individual
liberty an unarmed individual is a
subject an armed individual is a citizen
think twice before you touch the Second
Amendment
thank you for watching the Gawker
briefing if you like this video please
check out the rebel media YouTube
channel follow me on Twitter at Seb
Gorka that's s.e
b g RK a and share these videos on
facebook and twitter because with your
help we can push back on the fake news
industrial complex and finally get the
truth out god bless
