this is a message for all the people
have supported me and been there for all
the campaigns the stories I've covered
over the last four months also a
personal thank you to each and every one
of you I couldn't have done any of it
without you the last 12 months with a
red bull have been absolutely insane
because of you I've been able to work
with some amazing people expose a lot of
messed-up stuff that's going on in our
country it's a really shine a light on
some important issues that were being
ignored but now I'm going independent
that's right I've decided to leave the
rebel to go out and do it for myself
no more payable and I'll be my own boss
I think that's the way it needs to be
I'm gonna have total freedom to cover
the stories that matter to everyone and
I'm getting started right away I'll be
posting to my own YouTube account and to
my website Tommy Robinson dot online so
make sure you subscribe and check out
the site it won't support me going
forward there's a million things you can
do but the first thing I'd ask is simply
share this video so let's leave it there
for now
and thanks again for all your support
you're gonna be hearing a lot more from
me this is just the beginning
you
