welcome to the Hollywood conservative
broadcasting from Washington DC I'm
Amanda head for the rebel in light of
last week's tragedy in Florida anti-gun
rallies have popped up all over the
country specifically there in Florida as
a group of about a hundred students from
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
loaded up on buses and headed to the
state's capital of Tallahassee they are
also planning a March for our lives on
March 24th now in addition to the gun
control push that we know will be
primary another thing that they are
marching forward these rallies is to
lower the voting age to 16 think about
that some kids aren't even mature enough
to drive at 16 16 year-olds make a lot
of bad decisions not because they're
stupid or bad people or anything of the
sort but because they don't have life
experience you know it does have life
experience artificial hips and they can
last 16 years
also most cats live longer than 16 years
and frankly I think my cat would
actually be more qualified to vote
because with me as her mom she knows
that socialism and democratic policies
suck but I think about what I was doing
at 16 years old at that point I think I
had probably already had a record two on
my driving permit I didn't really party
or anything I wasn't a wild child like a
lot of high schoolers now are but my
parents put me in a tank of a first car
because they wanted as much metal
between me and the road as possible why
because bad decisions bad driving
decisions so I was driving down highway
31 in Hoover with my JL Audio speakers
in the back bumping in sync ja Rule and
Eminem yeah I turned out to be a pretty
decent human I think but that was me at
16 years old I was an idiot and today's
teenagers are tied pawed eating selfie
snapping fidget spinning children and
they are definitely not equipped with
the wisdom and knowledge and mental
faculties to shape policy in this
country I saw a video this morning that
was really disturbing I found it on
Reddit and I posted it on my Facebook
this afternoon of course YouTube has
taken it down but I still have it
because I ripped it off the web
knowing that YouTube would probably
delete it so here's a clip of it now as
we had had a fire alarm earlier that day
and that was a drill so we thought this
was a drill
just another way because we have a lot
of fire alarms a lot of fire drills at
the school
after we heard the first gunshot we
initially thought it was a drill CLE
that was a bad choice
actually that was a bad choice because
the Janet is sorry okay you're fine
honestly when I was going out I was kind
of been I wasn't when I was going out I
was in shock
so most of my friends that made it out
one of them went into a bathroom in the
same I believe in the same hallway as
the shooter one of them went into the
same bathroom I believe as the hallways
shooter she was in there at the same
time and he was in the bathroom and he
didn't know if he was gonna live so it's
a video of a CNN cameraman coaching
feeding lines to one of the students at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on
what to say in this on-camera interview
and it's quite disturbing mainstream
media will literally stop at nothing to
get their agenda push through so all
right so the voting age should be
lowered to 16 so that kids like this
kids who are vulnerable and gullible
such that they will just regurgitate
lines fed to them by a random cameraman
they should be able to shape policy in
this country have we completely lost our
minds I mean I think 18s voting age is
probably even a little too early most
medical professionals will tell you that
the brain doesn't really fully mature
emotionally until 25 years old and we
have enough crybaby grown-ups in this
country voting with their emotions we do
not need the 16 to 18 population voting
with their underdeveloped emotions too
now these kids deserve to have their
voices heard but simply because you went
through something like this and you're a
victim of a tragedy like this that
doesn't immediately make you an expert
on public policy I'm sorry you're
grieving we are all grieving with you
but there's a reason you can't vote with
age comes maturity and wisdom and you
just don't have it yet also just a
little sidebar I'm no conspiratorial
asur anything but how did they manage to
get all of this planned higher the bus
get out of school get out of jobs get
out of previously planned engagements in
just five days to storm the Capitol I
can't even get an appointment with my
dermatologist in less than five days the
bottom line is Democrats are using this
tragedy and using these children as
pawns to push their agenda it's straight
out of the alinsky playbook exploit
chaos and tragedy for political gain
we as conservatives tend to think
logically it's not because we don't feel
for these people it's just that we know
that acting on emotion
doesn't create good policy thanks for
watching i'm amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at www.fafsa.ed.gov
