Stephen Harper's spent a lot of time
repairing relations with India after the
Liberals blacklist of the country when
it went nuclear a generation ago and
look at how Harper was treated in return
look at that a beautiful honor guard
welcome and he wasn't even dressed up in
a costume now look at how the Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeted
Trudeau this time well he didn't he sent
some minor official wearing khaki pants
and windbreaker to meet him at the
airport in fact so far not a single
senior official or politician from India
has met with Trudeau at all literally at
the same time Trudeau is there Iran's
leader was there too Modi personally met
Hassan rouhani now I'm no fan of rouhani
of course he's a dictator but it's a
fact that India imports an enormous
amount of oil they would love to buy
some of that oil from Canada but Justin
Trudeau will not allow a pipeline to our
west coast
he killed the northern gateway pipeline
he's complicit in the slow death of the
trans mountain pipeline through Burnaby
and even energy East did you know that
would have served India because New
Brunswick is actually closer to India by
sea than BC is did you know that Trudeau
killed that deal so not only did Trudeau
kill a major potential or I'll export to
India but he drove India into the arms
of OPEC dictators but at least Iran
takes their diplomacy with India
seriously unlike Trudeau rou-ha-nee did
not take eight full decades of photo
shoots with his family for only half a
day of business meetings Modi is
actually a little bit like Trudeau in a
couple of ways he loves using social
media and he's a bit of a hugger
you know here he is just a few weeks ago
when Benjamin Netanyahu's plane touched
down as the Israeli prime minister lots
of hugs that's a warm meeting here he is
hugging US President Donald Trump that
is a warm hug he's a hugger but Modi
hasn't even acknowledged Trudeau being
in the country not even in a tweet and
motiv tweets ten times a day he's too
busy tweeting about things like this new
container ship port opening up or
something that's more important to him
than Trudeau why well Indians are not
try to answer
Trudeau is an unserious man the whole
sock thing they don't really care over
there for that that's that's for the
delight of his fanboys in the Canadian
media and maybe some Europeans to know
in India they've got to figure out how
to handle 1.3 billion people and move
them into the middle class
that's what Trudeau talks a lot about to
the middle class but he he actually
parties like a cadet Kardashian with his
Kardashian wannabe wife I'm not sure
which is worse you and I paying for
their extravagances in India or when
they took their luxury vacations in
secret like when Sophie and Justin
visited billionaire island in the
Bahamas and lied about him that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
