rusha
what does it want what does it do and
how was it involved in the u.s.
elections for the president in 2016
recently we heard about 13 indictments
of Russian nationals and three companies
given down by the Muller investigation
if you look at the facts their
involvement was pretty pathetic Facebook
ads that were a fraction of those paid
for by the actual candidates many of
which occurred after the election things
that were pretty amateurish but does
that mean Russia isn't the problem
well let's get a scope of the reality
Russia today has a GDP a gross domestic
product that is less than 10 percent of
America's America's GDP is approaching
20 trillion 1918 trillion the latest
stats tell us the Russian GDP is about
1.5 trillion put in other terms the GDP
of Russia is half that of the state of
California it's not a strategic threat
it's nothing nothing close to that that
was represented by the Soviet Union
demographically it's in a tailspin half
a million people are dying in Russia
every year more than are being born and
when it comes to its economy it's almost
exclusively a one-horse town relying
almost exclusively on oil and gas as its
main resource as opposed to the
high-tech service industries the drive
developed countries economies today
nevertheless Russia may not be a
strategic issue but Russia is a spoiler
the kinds of things we heard them do our
classic Soviet era type tactics desi
inform our chair this information masky
hrothgar disguising your
actions to look as if they're coming
from somewhere else false flag is
another term what does Russia want
well Vladimir Putin is a former KGB
colonel and he famously once said the
greatest geostrategic tragedy of the
20th century was the collapse of the
Soviet Union which he served as a secret
policeman as a KGB officer they can't
recreate the Soviet Union they will
never be a great power again at least if
the current trends continue so what do
you do in that position you become a
spoiler you destabilize whether it's in
the Middle East whether it's in Ukraine
or whether it's in a democratic
countries elections like ours Russia is
not a status quo actor it destabilizes
the status quo they are not our friend
even if they have their own jihadi
terrorist threat they are not our friend
if you want to know more we'll be
continuing with more videos on this
topic but in the meantime we'll set up
links to an excellent study by the
Latvian National Defense Academy on what
they call the new generation of Russian
warfare including information operations
and I encourage you to look up a former
military officer Timothy Thomas who has
written extensively on something called
reflexive control which is the Russian
theory of how they get their adversaries
to do their bidding for them by
controlling their expectations it's a
little bit like Pavlov's dog if you
recall that historic training a tool so
Timothy Thomas reflexive control the
Latvian National Defense Academy study
but more on Russia's goals in the future
all the best thank you for watching the
Gawker briefing if you like this video
please check out the rebel media YouTube
channel follow me on Twitter at Seb
Gorka that's Seb g o RK
and share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help we can
push back on the fake news industrial
complex and finally get the truth out
god bless
