the first rule of script writing is you
never break the rule the second rule is
sometimes you do break the rules in this
year's Oscar lineup for best film one of
these movies does not fit in a genre
like all the others do it's listed as a
comedy but the movie I Tanya is truly a
tragic monster dressed in adjusters cap
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
Tania was directed by Greg Gillespie and
grossed over 20 million dollars
worldwide first out spoilers ahead and
shout out to my boy Cory Chapman who was
my co-star in the 2016 movie I'm not
ashamed about the Columbine shooting
congratulations on being in an
oscar-nominated film so it is Oscar
season I've already reviewed three
billboards outside Epping Missouri
Dunkirk and the darkest hour as well as
Blade Runner 20 49 so let's see how this
one stacks up and why I believe the
meticulous choices in tone editing
charismatic performances and comedic
elements are masterfully done and I
believe the only way this truly
gut-wrenching tragedy could have been
told my view review is at four out of
five Margot Robbie is a force to be
reckoned with on the big screen she
navigated the tumultuous waters of
playing Tonya Harding with charm grace
and charisma unlike any actress I've
ever seen and she was deservingly
nominated for Best Actress at the Oscars
Allison Janney is also nominated for
Best Supporting Actress and she gives a
tremendous performance as well and these
two were mine to pick for the best
performances in the movie now this movie
can also be very difficult to watch in
some places it is extremely and I do
mean extremely uncomfortable to watch
some of the verbal and physical abuse
that is shown on screen get the comedy
finding this truly insane environment
this unbelievable story that really did
happen helps bring some heart to the
story and also keeps you entertained
throughout going through this crazy
endeavor now this gives true props to
Steven Rogers who's the writer of this
story who I don't know how he was not
nominated for Best Screenplay but
whatever the movie is engaging it's fun
and it's interesting basically through
this entire process my critic review is
gonna be a four out of five this movie
could have not been done another way
period I mean a script was literally on
the blacklist on Variety magazine this
is because this story does not have just
one victim
there's obviously Nancy Kerrigan and
many others people who lives were
changed by this horrible horrible event
that are still alive and then telling a
true story it is almost impossible to
get everyone on board to tell it it can
also be seen as very very very
distasteful not to mention the
protagonist in the story is Tonya
Harding who is very far from being just
a virtuous heroine but by wrapping this
movie in comedy poking fun of the insane
actual events that surrounded this they
managed to stumble upon an unorthodox
monster of a film that should be praised
and possibly win the Oscar everything
was just terrifically shot and cat
to bring your heart into the story and
the incredible pressure that was felt
all over the place during this process
my faith in values I'm gonna give it a
straight-up zero out of five but I'm
gonna tie it into the complete tragedy
that this film is really talking about
on three different levels one reason to
give it a zero to five is because in
this movie there is absolutely no hope
there's no resolution and there's no
direction for redemption for Tanya or
really anyone in the movie however this
movie does wonderfully show these
different levels of absolute tragedy
that are going on in this story of
real-life people let's start with Nancy
Kerrigan for no reason other than being
a skilled skater that America rallied
behind and supported and being
mercilessly attacked her name will
always be synonymous with this actual
event that she will carry with her the
rest of her life
the tragedy of talent loss nearly
brought me to tears when I was watching
this story not many people have
experienced Olympic sport at this level
the viewers only care about these
particular events for about two weeks
every four years ignoring the decades of
blood sweat and tears put in by these
different athletes to reach that point
there's one moments most Olympic
competitions are not like other sports
that you watch it's an individual sport
it's you against the world and the hours
that you put into these are unlike any
other what is magical about this and
when someone does come along with that
level of skill it stands out above all
others the first man to break 10 seconds
in 100 meter dash the first sub
four-minute mile the first 900 ever lane
on a skateboard
these are barriers these are mountains
that are climbed that are historically
remembered forever this poor girl
started at the age of four growing up
extremely poor in a terrible terrible
abusive environment and despite the
abuse of upbringing in relationships
Tonya Harding was the first American
ever to land a triple axel in
competition I feat so impressive even to
this day while they were filming there
were only two women in the world that
could land this trick but it was too
dangerous for them to try so they used
computer-generated images to create the
events on screen she landed this at the
age of 21 now true talent gifts and
ability like this come around once in a
lifetime what is so sad as you can
imagine this same girl born into a
different family her name may not be
synonymous with scoff and ridicule but
rather could have been the hero that
starry-eyed girl is aspire to one day be
however the most horrific tragedy of
this movie that it shows is that of
abuse I don't think I've ever wanted to
hurt someone so bad on screen in my
entire life then Tonya Harding's
ex-husband
to see him take advantage of this young
teenager at a skating ring and then
proceeded to completely verbally and
abuse her for nine years makes me want
to punch a wall now they're obviously
various accounts of this and everyone
has their own story so some of these
events may be half-truths but if even 20
percent of that is true this is
absolutely horrific and tragic even at
home Tonya Harding was not safe from
sexual abuse her 26 year old stepbrother
assaulted her at the age of 15 she
didn't fight him off with a hockey stick
and escaping to her neighbor's where she
called the police and he then served
time in prison which also brings us to
the abuse of the family an absent father
and abusive mother who was married six
times did not help in instilling values
in structure that may have steered Tonya
in a different direction now Tonya
Harding's mother didn't have a lot of
money for her to spend time at the
skating rink so when she was there she
was not allowed to leave
not even in take bathroom breaks
allegedly she was forced to even urinate
on the ice and rather than waste time
not skating others account seeing
multiple occasions of physical and
verbal abuse from her mother towards
Tonya now whether Tonya was fully aware
of what exactly was gonna go on what was
gonna happen to Nancy Kerrigan is kind
of irrelevant there was justice and
punishment for these crimes and
thankfully Nancy went on to be healthy
and claim the silver medal at the
Olympics following the event Tanya's
ex-husband aims ridiculous friend did
serve some time in jail and the guy
really did claim that he worked for an
espionage agency and it's insane you
gotta watch this video on YouTube it's
absolutely ridiculous and that is really
the tragedy of this comedy no one
escapes it it's everything
an innocent girl carries a story she
never wanted with her criminal abusers
get a slap on the wrist a family is
still disjointed and fractured and a one
in a million prodigy 23 year old skater
never went on the ice again fortunately
there is a silver lining to the story
this clear victim of this horrible story
Nancy Kerrigan went on to be happily
married for 20 years having three kids
and having a career of her own and Tonya
years later finally said she found
someone who was kind to her they married
and now have a seven-year-old son her
only wish for the audience after this
crazy movie concluded was for them to
know that despite all the chaos she is a
good and loving mother I'm Ben Davis
this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
