I'm sure you've heard the kids from
Florida the kff say adults have failed
them and planned to march on Washington
DC in a protest against gun violence
they say they will march for our lives
of course they aren't really marching
for our lives just as those involved in
the women's March the so-called pussy
marchers were not marching for cats or
women they were cross thick-lipped had
lost given its rubbish title the March
for our lives has easily confused with
March for life but these are two very
different things
March for Life is a protest against
abortion and Planned Parenthood an
organization that takes taxpayers cash
to terminate over 300,000 lives a year
Planned Parenthood donates heavily to
the Democrats and that's very different
to March for our lives which is
ostensibly about NRA donations to trump
kids were gunned down in a school by a
maniac on prescription meds who was
expelled from school lost his mother was
repeatedly reported to the FBI for his
stated intention to shoot up a school
however the kff kids from Florida are
determined it's all Donald Trump's fault
shame on you shouted the shaven-headed
Gonzales doing an excellent impression
of an angry lesbian I call BS she said
listen up your mates died you're a
vulture on their tragedy using their
death for your own ends complete with
Oscar winning tears I call BS on blaming
Trump ask yourself why didn't the
Democrats push through new gun laws when
they had significant majorities in the
House and the Senate I call BS on your
march on Washington for gun violence
why didn't you March on the over 600
deaths in Chicago in 2017 you are
marching for life at all
your politicizing tragedy to protest
against Trump and Clinton's cronies will
be right there alongside you with their
armed close protection officers here's
the thing kids you spend all your lives
facedown in your phones learning to be
victims protesting against anything
you've never once looked up long enough
to understand the real sacrifices
involved in the fight for something
Donald Trump is fighting for your
country and for your constitution he is
sacrificing his happy life to make
America great again you're a kid go for
a walk with a banner be better than this
do not be used as political puppets ask
yourself what are you willing to
sacrifice to achieve something really
worth fighting for
you
