Republicans naming bills at Nancy
Pelosi's expense the Valentine's box
office and one Olympian making us proud
and one Olympian making us mad I've got
a jam-packed rebel bus for you today
let's dive in it's almost as if I have
to push in everything I've ever believed
because as it turns out Democrats
do have a sense of humor House
Republicans and pretty much everyone is
enjoying poking fun at House Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi in the form of
naming a very cheeky bill after her
remember when she put her abundant
privilege on display downplaying bonuses
given to employees all across America by
calling them crumbs I mean I guess for
someone who lives in a massive mansion
in California adjacent to vineyards on
the Napa River and is worth 120 million
dollars yeah I guess a thousand dollars
probably is crumbs to someone like that
but her crumbs comment has been spread
far and wide and now Indiana congressman
Todd Rokita has introduced the crumbs
Act it's an acronym for creating relief
and useful middle-class benefits and
savings now I'm usually not a fan of
long acronyms NAMBLA kind of ruined it
for me but I do find this one both
humorous and befitting the crumbs Act
would make bonuses as a result result of
the Trump tax cuts of up to $2,500
tax-free now you would of course expect
any reasonable person to vote for this
although we know that Democrats will not
3/8 three reasons one they love taxation
- it's your Republican sponsored bill
called the crumbs Act poking fun at one
of their colleagues and three it makes
the GOP tax cuts even more successful
and beneficial to Americans so that's a
win for Trump and therefore even if it's
a win for the American people
Democrats are not gonna vote for it so
not only do Democrats not want you to
keep more of your own money via the tax
cuts but furthermore they don't want you
to keep the money that you earned for
being a good employee on top of that
thank you Democrats for never missing an
opportunity to show us your true selves
in honor of this hallmark holiday that
gilts people into professing love that
really ought to be there the other 364
days of the year as well I
thought that I would discuss a little
bit about this whole Fifty Shades
franchise now the books the movies I've
never read or seen them it's just not my
thing
I'd like to say that it's not because
I'm judgmental but honestly it's kind of
become my new litmus test for if you'd
be a compatible friend for me if you've
seen it or read it you're probably not
my kind of person sorry but what
confuses me is how it has dominated at
the box office it came in number one in
the North American box office at thirty
eight point eight million dollars who
are these people who are seeing it I
literally don't know one single person
who has seen it or anyone who will admit
to it anyway so seriously is it just
people who need some kind of inspiration
to get into the mood for Valentine's Day
I realized that the release date
capitalizes on Valentine's Day so I
suppose I applaud them for not releasing
it on I don't know Halloween although
with all the BDSM stuff in the movie
maybe they should release it around
Halloween with movies like saw and see
which one performs better but back to my
original question who that who the heck
sees this who actually pays money to see
it in theaters now because my life is it
pretty much revolves around politics
every once in a while I indulge in
celebrity gossip websites now one of the
websites I frequent there's a little
section at the bottom of the article
where you can select a reaction it's not
just thumbs up or thumbs down but you
can choose between lol pass amazing sad
seriously and interesting and when you
click on it you can actually see how
many people selected those reactions and
I always do this because I find it
interesting to see how Americans view
these stories I should also note that
whenever this particular website
publishes a story bashing Trump the
reaction is almost always overwhelmingly
pass I don't know how we could send a
clear message to these celebrity idiots
that we don't care about what they say
about our president we value your
opinion on political matters literally
none at all like less than zero below
baseline so I clicked on the reactions
for an article about Fifty Shades of
Grey
dominating at the box office this past
weekend and guess what the reactions
were in a ratio of seven to one Pass was
by far the most prominent react
so clearly people don't care about the
movie or even about news pertaining to
the movie so who the heck is seeing it
I'm I'm actually yeah I'm interested to
know so I'm sure this video is probably
going to tick some people off and give
the impression that I'm a self-righteous
snob but I don't care I've been at the
rebel for a few weeks now so most of you
probably know that that's not true not
really anyway
in other news the Olympics are in full
swing we and by we I mean the US because
let's face it none of us are at the
Olympics but the US has seven medals
overall in three different sports one of
our US figure skaters Mariah Nagase made
Olympic history as the first American
woman to land a triple axel at the
Winter Olympics unfortunately one of her
figure skating colleagues stole the
spotlight atom rip on who is very loudly
gay and came out of the closet in 2015
turned the Olympics into an opportunity
to put his sexuality on blast and in the
process chastise our vice president and
declined a visit to the White House
rip on stated in an interview that if it
were before my event I would absolutely
not go out of my way to meet somebody
who I felt has gone out of their way to
not only show that they are not a friend
of a gay person but that they think
they're sick I assume that he's talking
out his backside referring to Pence's
previous stance on the use of federal
funding to treat people seeking to
change their own sexual behavior by the
way Mike Pence has never stated that he
supported the use of conversion therapy
rippen also said that his mother taught
him to stand up for what is what for
what he believes in apparently his
mother did not teach him to respect
others beliefs in other Olympic news
snow snow boarders Shaun White won his
third gold medal the guy is 31 years old
which apparently is ancient in
snowboarding terms and he's also
battling a current injury so that made
his gold medal even more spectacular but
while he was waiting for his official
score he draped an American flag behind
him and was waving it holding it high up
in the air and when his score was
announced basically ensuring a gold
medal for him he ran over to his father
apparently dragging the flag
find him now both of them were lost in
emotion it was an amazing moment until
Twitter blew up with maniacal /
patriotic people blasting this guy for
his unintentional treatment of the flag
now look I'm one of those people I have
the utmost respect for our flag and our
US flag code but don't we have so many
other worthy causes to be angry about
give the guy a break he even apologized
but this guy is a great American and
let's just leave it at that
congratulation sean whyte enjoy your
moment we are enjoying it with you
thanks for watching everybody I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
