deporting a 19 year old illegal alien
student that's a joke but protesting
when I stew Taine's that student even
after the illegal alien assaulted
another student well that's downright
woke and that's exactly what those
students you just saw from Austin High
School in Texas were doing this
Wednesday the eloquent lady you heard
filming that was Sima Hernandez who's
challenging Ted Cruz for a Texas US
Senate seat anyway ice detained Denis
Rivera Sarmiento after he assaulted a
female student in late January and so
obviously students would protest his
detention sorry hashtag me to movement
you had a good run but there can only be
one winner in the left suppression
Olympics and illegal aliens are
definitely more oppressed than female
victims of abuse if the irony isn't
mind-boggling enough for you yet get
this ice placed Rivera Sarmiento on an
order of supervision in 2013 and the guy
was supposed to leave America during or
before March 2015 I'm sure he just
happened to forget for three years some
students in the immigrant youth group
United We Dream which has collected
nearly 10,000 signatures for Revere
Sarmiento his release alleged that the
guy's assault charge stems from
self-defense at the hands of bullies
they say 19 year old Dennis was detained
after bullies made fun of him for being
undocumented going so far as to throw
bottles at him okay so throwing bottles
is unacceptable of course but for being
undocumented is a very odd phrase here
you typically expect for being Hispanic
or for being gay call me crazy but I
don't think we should normalize the
notion that it's bad to make fun of
someone committing a crime meanwhile
some students think this school helps
law enforcement and the Houston School
District obviously wants nothing to do
with that in line with the commitment
expressed by both the Board of Education
the superintendent the Houston
Independent School District has not used
district resources to assist in
deportation actions and we do not report
students to ice said the district our
superintendent and administration
remains steadfast in the district's
commitment to educating every student
regardless of their immigration status
insane societies people take credit for
bringing criminals to justice in clown
world America the perpetrators are the
victims and the heroes are the perps for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shamrock if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
