another unspeakably tragic school
shooting this time in the upper-middle
class - affluent town of parkland
Florida or Quinn is a small town in
Northwest Broward County about 25 30
minutes from downtown Fort Lauderdale it
is the kind of place where you would
never expect something like this to
happen never in a million years it's
every town USA but don't these horrible
incidents seem to be jumping off in
places like that more and more these
days
this was a routine day it was a
beautiful South Florida day the weather
was perfect kids just went to school
they were in their classrooms they're
hanging out with their friends they were
thinking about what they were gonna do
on the coming up weekend and then shots
rang out and in the final analysis 17
people were killed including faculty
members this one hit home for me I found
out that a very close friend's son was a
student at the school and fortunately he
was okay badly for him he had to carry
one of his classmates out of the
building who was wounded and fortunately
that classmate last I was told did and
is expected to survive
but we have to ask how do these things
keep happening now I am really upset
with both sides the political aisle I'm
upset that the left immediately jumps to
gun control and I'm except to the right
immediately as well it's not going to a
gun control argument no I I agree with
the right we shouldn't because this is
not about gun control this is about
prevention this is about our terrible
approach to mental health issues in this
nation by the accounts I've read the
shooter Nicolas Cruz already broke gun
laws he had been previously diagnosed
with mental issues there were some
reports where he was diagnosed as
autistic he had a troubled childhood he
was adopted as a young child by a much
older couple and by all accounts they
were great parents they were upper
middle class and they took very good
care of him and another adopted brother
it doesn't appear they were the problem
but once they passed away and he lost
the two people that he had a connection
with father many years ago and their
mother more recently he began to have
more and more troubles he was living
with a family friend after his mom
passed away and but for him committing a
massacre his would have been a very
tragic story his is a tragic story but
in a way that ended in tragedy for other
people we have to look at how this guy
fell through the cracks with all of
these warning signs we also have to find
out how he was able to buy his gun that
he purchased illegally he on the form
4473 that questionnaire that you fill
out when you buy a firearm you're asked
have you ever been deemed mentally
deficient it's worded a bit differently
but that's the gist of the question he
had been he broke federal law and lied
on that form he then broke more gun laws
when he took his firearm into a school a
school from which he was previously
banned every school in Florida is a
gun-free zone even for concealed weapons
license hold in fact here in Florida we
haven't reserved an auxilary law
enforcement office
they're not even allowed to carry in
schools unless their agencies expressly
permit it but we do have very rigid
prohibitions here on where you can take
firearms the suspect broke many gun laws
gun laws are not the answer
people hell-bent on mass murder do not
honor gun laws we have to look though at
multi-layered approaches to security
securing access points securing schools
so that people prohibited from being in
them former students like this guy crews
who were banned not being able to walk
into the school with a long gun with a
rifle and start murdering students and
faculty members there was a serious
breakdown in security
now I'm not pointing fingers or placing
blame like I said this school this
neighborhood was the last place
last place on earth you'd expect
something like this to happen what had
happened and it's going to happen again
until we get serious
one of the questions I had was how does
a guy who's banned from the school
access the school if I go to the
Walgreens drugstore down the block from
my house there's a wall of photos of
people who shoplifted who stole
toothpaste and mouthwash and there's a
security guard who looks at that board
and it doesn't let those people in if
they try to access its retail store but
we don't have those mechanisms in place
in schools full of children or people
that were banned because they had mental
issues and were deemed possible threats
there's something fundamentally wrong
there and I'm gonna be talking to
several experts today on how we can
potentially solve these problems please
do it into my longer off-the-cuff
Declassified probably speaking to former
senior law enforcement officers and a
forensic psychologist about the things
we can do to mitigate these problems and
hopefully prevent them in the future if
you like this content terribly important
content and unfortunately sad content
please subscribe to our premium service
at WWWE orde slash goes I'm gonna be
bringing you much more in-depth coverage
of the shooting on my long or one-hour
show off-the-cuff Declassified right
here on the rebel remember visit your
App Store
so you can download the rebel app it
really is a great much more efficient
way to access all of our content you're
already a subscriber thank you very very
much and as always thank you very much
for watching I'll be back with you
tomorrow
you
