hello this is Rob shamrock with the
rebel media and today i'm here with
martha Ruiz who is vice chair for the DC
Young Republicans so one question I had
about dr. Gurkhas speech at the
beginning he referenced Donald Trump as
both a public and a private individual
and how he was the same in both
atmospheres so what do you think of that
characterization do you think the
president really is exactly the same
from public to private yes he is exactly
the same I mean everything that he says
on TV is the same thing I said that you
know you have later on the the fake news
media twisting every single word that he
says you know just because you know
they're they just don't like what he
says you know and it's simply the fact
that you know they're they're liberals
and they're too media bias and so on so
obviously you know Donald Trump is the
person who hears as he addresses and so
you have to take him the way he talks
you know you can't you cannot you know
Twitter or Terry very sad like we say
you know in Spanish right you you cannot
do that you know he's honest and all
that so yes he's the same person what do
you think has been the president's
greatest accomplishment often times a
doctor worker was saying that a lot of
people are anticipating the wall being
built that's something to look forward
to perhaps but what do you think thus
far is from the president's greatest
accomplishment he said that we were
going to get a tax report and we
actually did even me in my in my
paycheck on January I saw more money in
my patient I saw more money where I can
use it you know to the you know to give
it to my retirement and so you know a
lot of Americans you know probably
they're they're going to do the same
thing and so on so he did he as he just
as he promised with immigration reform
that you mentioned earlier like the
border the the wall he's going to do the
same thing and he even did to the extent
that he's making a compromise with you
know he's pleasing even Democrats so
that he can you know you know fulfill
his promise on building the wall which
is something that you know a lot of us
Republicans we would like as well Trump
I think really is unique candidate many
would say because of his averse
to political correctness and his
absolute refusal to you know abide by
the left's language policing so in what
sense do you think his uh uniqueness as
a cultural candidates refusing to adopt
those same you know limiting standards
that the left wants to abide by has
propelled him so far it's the presidency
well at the end of the day he wants you
know he wants a country that is open to
everybody but at the same time you have
to follow laws it is more than more than
culture it's about you know morality you
know a topic that I really like is
immigration it's a it's a topic I really
like and so you know you have you have
other countries who which have very
strict immigration reform like the
Dominican Republic I can say Colombia
Mexico and so on Donald Trump is has
been talking about this more in more
than a culture but actually in a
morality moral perspective and so you
know sadly we have this media by that
even when I was in Puerto Rico I wasn't
aware until I moved here that you know
the media is very biased and just you
know they're just like a birder into the
republican values you know they don't
want to see things objectively they just
want to see things you know through
their own perspective they're not they
don't have the tolerance or they're not
open of you know hearing other ideas
so it's fort form for me it is you know
and even Puerto Rico we have dealt with
the same issue of immigration and you
know many many people back home you know
we have the same the same thought or or
the same opinion about immigration you
know we want you know Dominicans to come
to Puerto Rico illegally rather than
just you know crossing you know like
getting in that joint and then ending up
in her Island
you know we it's not that we don't want
them you know just do it legally
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
