Justin Trudeau's liberals seem to be on
side with Unilever in their fight
against division and so-called fake news
on the Internet you see liberals will
ignore a lot if it means they get an
ally in their mission to censor their
political enemies a lot of you might not
know the name
Unilever but I guarantee you you've used
their products or at least seen their
products they are a massive
international brand they own Lipton and
Bay sell Hellmann's nor Ben and Jerry's
and Klondike they own one hundred and
forty seven different food brands and
that's just the food brands they also
own ax and dove and Vaseline 79
different body care brands anyway you
get what I'm getting at they're a
massive company with a huge global
footprint and now Unilever is
threatening to pull marketing from
platforms that fail to tackle what they
call fake news Unilever in a statement
says that brands have to take the lead
and it will no longer invest in
platforms that create division in
society and promote anger or hate
arguing that social media should be
built on social responsibility what this
means is Unilever is threatening to
withhold their advertising spending from
Facebook Twitter and YouTube unless
those platforms start self censoring and
I guess making themselves ideologically
pure as in purely liberal because as we
know one person's unfounded Russia
collusion conspiracy is another person's
fake news and another person's curious
speculation on Hillary Clinton's health
as her crumpled pseudo corpse gets
stuffed into a van well that might be
another person's fake news you see it's
all subjective and in the market of free
ideas we let people sort these things
out and not our corporate overlords
but in Justin Trudeau's Canada he
absolutely wants companies to tell us
what ideas we can consume and he has
been threatening Facebook with more
regulation if they don't tow the Liberal
Party
line and as for Unilever apparently
they've got the endorsement of
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna
and I'll tell you why that's pretty
ironic here in a second McKenna tweeted
this out last night
Unilever will not invest in platforms or
environments that do not protect our
children or which create division in
society or promote anger or hate now I
know I know I'm hard on Catherine Mik
coda and I don't want to seem like I'm
unfairly picking on her although she
makes it pretty easy frankly any liberal
could have said this because it is
Liberal Party policy now to want to
regulate social media for what they
consider bad or impure ideas but here's
why it's ironic that the Environment
Minister of all people is endorsing this
virtue signaling effort from Unilever
while Unilever is concerning themselves
with half a dozen or so far right-wing
live-action role players in the YouTube
comments of some obscure video somewhere
they've got some very real issues with
their environmental track record and
that is something that Catherine McKenna
should have already known about before
she took to Twitter and pumped to their
tyres for all to see I'm going to just
show you three examples but there are
many many more in 2013
Unilever had to pay four point five
million dollars for environmental crimes
they pled guilty to two felony
environmental violations for failure to
make timely reports of illegal
discharges of industrial wastewater at
its plant in Connecticut and then after
a fifteen year long fight workers in
India finally received settlements out
of Unilever after nearly 600 of them
were exposed to toxic mercury at a
Unilever thermometre factory the factory
was shut down in 2001 after the company
was caught dumping toxic mercury waste
in a densely populated part of town by
the company's own admissions more than
two tons of mercury had been discharged
into the environment because of their
illegal dumping oh but there is more
environmentalist
claim that palm oil plantations sourced
by Unilever are on illegally deforested
land in Sumatra and that land is home to
elephants orangutans and tigers now
Unilever hasn't been found guilty in a
court of law of any complicity in
rainforest destruction but the
environmentalist sure think they did it
and usually that's good enough for
environmentalists like Catherine McKenna
any other day just like male feminists
who seemed to be nearly daily accused of
sexual harassment in all manner of
impropriety Unilever this behemoth of a
company with an atrocious human rights
and environmental track record is trying
to virtue signal its way out of its own
history and the Liberals well they are
all too happy to help them do it because
four liberals even the environmentalist
ones having help censoring their
political enemies is just more important
than clean water healthy poor people and
happy thriving wildlife liberals will
turn a blind eye to poor people being
poisoned by mercury if it means you
won't have to see an axe body spray ad
in front of a rebel video for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunn Reed do you live
on your phone like I do well then have I
got good news for you we've got a brand
new rebel media app it's available on
the Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store download it try it out and take
the other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
