some very disturbing questions
surrounding White House chief of staff
general john kelly and his handling of
the rob porter matter there are a lot of
questions most of them troubling about
the way General John Kelly White House
chief of staff has handled the Rob
Porter domestic violence situation Rob
Porter was a staff secretary for
President Trump but now we're getting
information that general Kelly wanted
him to fill the vacant position of
deputy chief of staff was vacated when
Katie Walsh was forced out of the White
House Bert Lee before ranked Priebus was
forced out as chief of staff now I was
always torn on Kelly
one thing I'll admit the White House was
chaotic under Reince Priebus Reince
Priebus was not a good manager and I
don't believe Reince Priebus was an ally
of President Donald Trump I think that
Reince Priebus was an establishment guy
and he was given the chief of staff's
position from what sources have told me
who leaked eight the establishment when
Trump won you of course remember the
never Trump movement the way the
established was hysterical well Donald
Trump's a smart guy and he knew and send
his people around and knew that they
would have to work with establishment
players in the republican-controlled
Congress and what came back to them
because politics is always bad deals
what came back to them was that they had
to bring one of their people one of the
establishment people into the White
House in a senior role the deal that was
struck was Reince Priebus would be chief
of staff which at the time I didn't like
it many on the Mogga side of the world
didn't like it but I could see why it
made sense
he was the recently former chairman of
the Republican National Committee
they've got a ton of money they have
ground assets all over the country so it
would be beneficial to the Trump
administration so we thought and other
Republican candidates that the White
House wanted to back it would have the
money and support of the RNC well
Priebus and Katie Walsh Katie Walsh was
a deputy of premisis over at the RNC she
came into the White House with him
turned out to be absolute disasters many
feel and there are many allegations that
they were the main leaks the Maggie
Haberman at the New York Times and many
others now we're finding out that Bannon
might have been one of those leaks as
well but that's a story for a different
day this is about general Kelly and his
handling of the Rob Porter situation so
in comes Marine General John Kelly
formerly the homeland security secretary
a very buttoned up squared away man now
full disclosure I had a very close
friend that worked for John Kelly and he
told me that he was a what you see is
what you get with John Kelly
he was the marine general who liked
everything squared away and organized
and he was the right guy to tighten up
the leaky unbalanced White House ship
and it seemed like that was the truth in
a matter of weeks the leaks had stopped
the management inside the White House
seemed to be much more professional the
team seemed given much more cohesive
people were going through the chief of
staff to get to the president it wasn't
this chaotic environment where people
were walking in and out of the Oval
Office and it appeared that what Kelly
was doing was the way very good Chiefs
of Staff had handled the White House
there were good chiefs of staff on both
sides I don't have to like their
policies I don't have to like their
politics but credit where do when
someone is a good manager they're a good
manager Barack Obama had a couple of
good chiefs of staff that were buttoned
up managers George W Bush had and your
card sorry Andy card and record someone
regarded universally as one of the best
chiefs of staff in White House history
simply because he was a very strong and
effective manager and it appeared that
General Kelly was in that vein a very
strong and effective manager but things
started to happen that made me
uncomfortable
people like Keith Schiller were then
forced out of the White House because
they had unfriend he had conflicts
general Kelly general Kelly was cutting
off their access to Donald Trump now
who's Keith Schiller many people don't
know that name
eat Schiller believe it or not is a
former NYPD guy who ran Donald Trump's
personal security for nearly 20 years
very trusted by the president trusted by
the family essentially became a trump
family member in many ways a confidant a
personal friend of the president the
United States somebody that he could go
to to get grounded somebody who reminded
him of his old life but somebody who was
highly professional and very good at his
job and he was a very nice bridge for
the president in the White House well
Keith was forced out of the White House
he shilla was forced out really because
of the way that general Kelley tightened
up the chef now many NBC said well
that's a good thing that's a good thing
we need a buttoned up chief of staff
well other staffers started losing
access and people close to the president
started losing access and the rumors
were that the president's flow of
information was controlled by the chief
of staff which again isn't unusual
it's not unusual as long as the
president is getting unfiltered
information now the president shouldn't
get nonsense if some random lobbyist on
a labor issue comes and it's not
something on the President's agenda then
we want the chief of staff push that off
to the appropriate staffer in the White
House the president is a busy guy he
shouldn't be inundated with useless
information all day long but when family
members and close advisors were trying
to get information and the president
about key people were being told is that
oftentimes general Kelley was a bit too
restrictive it doesn't appear that he
set those same rules of professionalism
of zero tolerance Bob Porter it now
appears that general Kelley knew about
Rob Porter's who previous domestic
violence incident now we have
photographs sure there are allegations
but we have photographs we have his
ex-wives coming forward saying he did
this to me now in law enforcement when
you have a complaining victim who comes
forward to swear out a complaint or
comes forward gives their name and makes
a very public statement has photographic
evidence has police report
you have probable cause to make an
arrest though we see probable cause to
make an arrest on rob Porter if the
statute of limitations hasn't expired
that I can tell you as a law enforcement
guy in fact domestic violence is so
zero-tolerance around the country for
the last 2530 years that it's what we
call a must arrest situation in other
words if as a police officer I responded
to the porter home hypothetically when
one of these incidents happened and I
saw his wife's black eye and she said he
hit me but I don't want to press charges
as the police we have to say to the wife
sorry ma'am we have to arrest him eight
law now in all 50 states demands that
domestic violence is a must arrest you
must remove the abuser from the home
they must be arrested they must go
through the system and a judge decides
whether or not they're even allowed to
contact their spouse their significant
other typically an order of protection
is put into place the temporary order
protection pending a hearing so as a law
enforcement officer I can look at all
the evidence presented by Porter's
ex-wives and tell you there is probable
cause there were more than enough
evidence or a police officer federal
agent to have made it would've been a
police officer a offense or a police
officer law enforcement officer to have
made that arrest but it appears that
general Kelly had all that evidence
didn't care he liked rob Porter he saw
him as the successor to the deputy chief
of staff's office and was pushing for
his promotion and some very serious
questions linger about that why did
general Kelly you that well I'm gonna
tell you what I think but I'm gonna tell
you on my new longer show off the cuff
Declassified you're gonna love it
tune in if you like this content please
subscribe to our premium service that
www.mediaed.org the rebel app it is
awesome I tell you every day but I'm
really addicted to it it's a really fast
really efficient way to get all of our
content the minute you open the app the
top stories are right there you click on
in the video is high-res it's super fast
it's a really cool app it's really well
the some apps are very frustrating they
don't work this one is like one of the
best apps I've used in a long time and
I'm not just saying that I'm here with
the rebel
really cool it again thank you so much
for watching I'll be back with you
tomorrow
you
