today we have a topic that is a little
less Hollywood and a little more
political and ideological and for some
people also a moral issue sticky sticky
so an Oklahoma woman who was convicted
of using a counterfeit check received a
reduced sentence after getting a
sterilization procedure as a choice from
the judge presiding over her case her
name is summer time Creole not kidding
summertime Creole but it's th yme so
she's a woman from Oklahoma and yes I
realized the connection between
counterfeit check and sterilization is
strange so allow me to expound a little
bit on her background she is a drug
addict
off and on not sure if she presently is
but over the course of her life she has
had seven children during which periods
she likely was on drugs so the judge
noted in his determination that
comparing the dates of Miss creoles
periods of habitual drug use of crack
cocaine and methamphetamine with the
dates of the births of her seven
children it appears highly likely that
some of Miss Carol's children were
conceived carried and borne while miss
Creole was a habitual user of these
illicit substances so the underlying
issue to me is is it up to the state to
impose something like this I mean I
guess technically it wasn't forced on
her she did have a choice and I I
believe she did consult with her state
appointed attorney but is there really a
choice like it's a really a decision
when it comes down to this or a maximum
sentence I don't know seems like pretty
easy decision for me but all of this
kind of seems a little Old Testament II
to me it's a it like I said it's a moral
issue that the roots of which go so much
deeper than this conversation we could
have a very very long video much longer
than this one to talk about it but for
me there are a few different angles for
me as a Christian you know how do you
reconcile what some would consider as
playing God you are using earthly means
to ensure that this woman can no long
have any more children but it kind of
also seems like a little Old Testament
style of government imposed
repercussions the problem is definitely
more complex I'm not confident that we
will ever find a solution but it kind of
goes back to that all that old
conservative narrative of personal
responsibility and is it the state's job
to force people to have personal
responsibility or could that be
construed as them trying to play God in
preventing further procreation by
someone I always compare these cases to
my own life what went wrong for her why
am I in the position that I am and she's
in the position that she is again it
goes back to personal responsibility it
also goes back to education in the early
years I grew up with two great parents
who worked jobs and had the financial
means and the time to discipline their
children and to raise them so oh gosh
I'm going down a long long long rabbit
hole but I'm interested in hearing what
you guys think about this because I took
a poll on social media and people said
everything from just go ahead and
sterilize these monsters to comparisons
with China which I assume they were
referring to China's one-child policy
but it's interesting so tweet at us at
the rebel and let us know what you think
or you can comment on the video i'm
amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary and want to hear more from
us over here at the rubble make sure you
subscribe to our premium content at WWWE
need forward slash shows and make sure
you're following us on facebook and
twitter thanks so much for watching i'm
amanda head for the rebel
you
