I'm at Leadership Conference for the
alternate for Deutschland political
party there's a political party that was
formed in 2015 they now have 94 seats in
parliament what they created in this
country was a political revolution huge
and they're the fastest growing all the
new census and all the new polls showed
that their support is growing and
growing and growing and that's the
problems continue in this country as
more people are attacked as more
terrorism more rapes their support is
going to go through the roof we're here
to talk to the new leader at the Saxony
area whose name is York urban there has
just been elected today we're here to
ask him how are they growing why they're
growing and what the future holds for
the alternative of doing the movement I
know Saxony is the power base for the
AFD is the power base is the strongest
part the AFD why do you think neighs
it's dangerous leader and as the
mentioned in ostrich land polluted back
Holland as once were pure garbage my
investor tranvía no it's not northern
after a big dog who lived dimensions in
your politician back do you think do you
think it's anything to do with the fact
that East Germany rather than West
Germany because they they suffered under
communism and they understand what it's
like to lose their freedom you know does
is an ostrich land or lived in the
assist wound on addicted totally Bahamas
Olympia's istván Saitama New Moon fans
in Luton pop right on man Susanna behind
servos new homos when each tank Ashwin
does this does is fuss when sauce to
achieve an investor to undecided as I've
spent time yesterday in Cottbus in
interview in German people they tell me
that they're scared to go on camera
they'll lose their job or they'll come
under attack
are those the same sort of similarities
that come under communism people are not
free to speak at the minute in Germany
it's not not neat socialism communism of
are all of your spoken English
attendances bullish be a ploy to focus
'it's
Benzies ish from the italian politic up
then
wouldn't Dafa ham called you ostrich Xia
Xia Baha Antonin would C be a fancy
studying by Z burnished veto nemesis
team Lee boomers his niche political OS
on dolphin boomin domination was signed
by often Zion dropped super young mu by
man in a politician under under under
the mine on Fort Hood what's your
opinion of the way the media treat you
with regards to folk stories or false
narratives and agendas that they have as
a political party how do you feel about
the mainstream media in Germany it's why
aspect of a woman the median if it's
lawyer party audit report I kind of
destroyed songs and a Zionist Amaya
height also analyst sinned politic links
Queen I was collected as a garnish
Afonso Valley if you're decent be a
politician find when the slide is in
cost island on so imagine mocked a
inspiration I know their homes for in
Tripoli star star term would be ads they
give homes critic or we are dope
knowledge of each required will not work
with this big Nambiar relative flash
this fire source on mass image and here
in Deutschland as RFD
do you see a realistic opportunity in
the next elections for the IFD electing
and wit and winning the entire election
across the country now it's been it's
been the optimist is feel feel Saxon by
Bihar magazine so bundes talks about
Hamlet and Saxon as asked militia shaft
on the one hop cake not the am Isles
conservative it's a quote Shinto and
sturluson wouldn't be as in Underland
immobile taught some flesh nerve and
fiendish Club mo mai aloha to be out in
Bali at noon dbr9 so gates this matter
as if you haven't subscribe as RFD best
to four hours at song and just be here
in a given spot for don't come in
wouldn't despedida slant we don't open
thing I don't think people in the UK
realized the size of the political
revolution that the AFD caused at the
last election it was completely played
down across our country of just how
amazing is what you've done
so can you tell us why has this happened
how has the AFT rose from nothing to so
powerful so quick what are the problems
that Germany's facing as experience
seamless disaster our fault our if the
English media folk from the FP from from
Arsenal from the league are not in now
dammit so to another state of the
politics is fundament I've given that
happy I'm in a politic
in mainstream demotion a demotion
centrality motion units on our start-up
schaffen when the speargun dimension D
children SKT publish miyamura identity
escape no no from decent cause incentive
I'll start but does it Steve he couldn't
lock hordes of us are folks I hope that
the British public can take inspiration
from what the AFD have done because what
when I'm meeting people here army in
ordinary German people and you're
representing the ordinary or the
Forgotten people the ignored people so
yeah just good luck Thank you very
you
