well Sports Illustrated has really made
a mess of things over there at their
publication they have stepped in an
epically large stinking steaming pile of
crap it's beyond me how their hashtag me
to campaign made it past so many editors
to see the light of day but alas
apparently there are people out there
who actually care what Sports
Illustrated thinks they've been waiting
with bated breath to find out how the
publication will respond to the me2
movement I know
hilarious there are people out there who
I look to for their opinions on things
Hugh Hewitt Phyllis Schlafly Condoleezza
Rice Charles Krauthammer I'm just
looking at my bookcase here these are
the people that I look to for wisdom on
issues and by the way quite a few people
here at the Revel as well so to
introduce our topic today I'm wondering
what you think the surest way to
distract from an important word or
message would be if you said painting
the message on a smokin hot naked chick
you would be right and that's exactly
what Sports Illustrated did this week
they previewed their swimsuit issue
which will be coming out next week and
caught a lot of fire from both liberals
and conservatives basically anybody with
a brain so you would think that if they
wanted to offer a I don't know
constructive opinion or Lynne support
for this movement that they would shy
away from their normal fleshy swimsuit
images and go with something more clean
and clear to deliver their message like
maybe jeans and a white t-shirt with the
message printed on it but nope obviously
they wouldn't sell as many copies if
they covered up these women in an effort
to help them share their stories and
concerns so they decided to go in the
opposite direction and put even less
clothing on them making them yes
naked so words like truth were painted
on these models the preview for the
swimsuit issue also reported that they
would include articles written by the
models yes articles written by models
they also gave themselves a pat on the
back for the fact that the black and
white images were shot on a small closed
set with only female staff because
privacy you're about to release these
images to the general population for
anyone and everyone in there brother
see but you're concerned about privacy
onset hmm okay so as anyone could expect
quite a few people took issue with the
contradictory campaign Alexandre
Schwartz who is a staff writer for The
New Yorker tweeted if you'd like to take
a brief break from rage for something
rage adjacent laughs with me for two
minutes at the Sports Illustrated issue
debacle then we can go back to screaming
radio show host Bob Koh also tweeted the
new Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition
has the models now totally naked with
empowering words written on their bodies
as part of the me2 movement to combat
sexual harassment of women yep let's buy
sexualizing and degrading of women with
naked pictures of them so as you can see
there's kind of a common theme here that
apparently Sports Illustrated didn't
pick up on before they decided to go
with this idea it's kind of sad actually
but the release of the Sports
Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is slated for
next week I for one will not be
purchasing it for a few reasons first I
can see and they could check anytime I
want it just have to put my birthday
suit on and uncomfortably posed in my
full-length mirror also the article is
written by the models mmm I don't know I
can probably find more intellectually
stimulating content on my chick-fil-a
cow calendar thanks for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us over here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
you
