how do you feel about a new gender-based
analysis for pipelines and how exactly
is Catherine McKinley going to square an
emphasis on science but also with
traditional knowledge about oil sands
and that mean engine is traditional
knowledge yeah I didn't know there was
traditional knowledge about LNG and
fracking I thought those things were
very high-tech what do you make about
what you just heard that well you may
first of all I can't get past the
production values this sounds like
something that the high school AV Club
did this is not something that a
Minister of State does it it's so
amateurish it doesn't sound credible but
maybe the audience the the target
audience millennial voters will buy into
it but I don't think so because they're
used to very high production values now
even even podcasts now have higher
production values than this but this is
just gobbledygook I mean it's it's just
we listen to every harebrained and mushy
idea you had and we've come up with a
binder full that will now turn over to
the successor to the National Energy
Board and they will take years to make
serious industrial concerns hop through
these hoops to prove to you that were
serious it's a think the thing that I
said when this came out last week that
the the image that I had in my head is
your eye you may remember the 1992 u.s.
presidential debate was Clinton George
Bush the elder and Ross Perot right and
Ross Perot talked about the giant
sucking sound because he was talking
about NAFTA and in some ways Ross Perot
is Donald Trump who didn't get to be
president right and he was talking about
the giant sucking sound meaning American
jobs being sucked out of the United
States into Mexico and all I can think
of is that there's this giant sucking
sound now that will be Canadian oil and
gas investment that will be
moving to other jurisdictions because
nobody who has gonna want to build a
pipeline he's gonna want to go through
all this what is a gender-based analysis
of a pipeline somebody asked McKenna
that last week and she said well you
know when you build these big projects
lots of men come into an area and so
we're going to have to have somebody
look at that and just see what that
impact is going to be on on that area
and the women there that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
