so did you partake in that virtue
signaling exercise known as world hijab
day earlier this month yeah me neither
but as elected representatives in the
West encouraged us to dawn Islamic head
scarves the people we really should have
been applauding were those brave women
in Islamic Republic's
who were removing their hijabs under
penalty of law
so February 1st was world he jabbed a
look whether it's a cowboy hat or a
hijab you want to cover your head you're
free to do so
what's unsettling however is the notion
of any Western government propping up
something that is essentially a symbol
of in many cases oppression case in
point
officials at the UK's Foreign Office
invited staff to wear hijabs for the day
claiming such head scarfs symbolized
liberation respect and security galli
one wonders when the Foreign Office will
be handing out taxpayer-funded Christian
crosses and Jewish keepers and Sikh
turbans don't hold your breath for that
sort of diversity to blossom but as
Western progressives celebrated the
regressive nature of the hijab the real
heroes were those were minute in Islamic
Republic's who were ripping the hijabs
from their heads and hoisting them on
sticks or even burning them gracious the
left doesn't like that sort of free
expression I mean just think of the
carbon footprint those incinerated head
scarves we're causing even so a woman on
Tehran's busiest streets have gathered
to remove their head scarves loudly
protesting the compulsory heat job role
Iran has embraced since that country's
tragic Islamic Revolution of 1979 now
it's worth noting that while some may
think that the dawning of the hijab is a
qur'anic requirement going back
centuries nothing could be further from
the truth just check out these
fascinating photographs of graduating
classes at the unit
Steve Cairo over the last several
decades now as you can see in 1959 not a
single woman is wearing a hijab did of
almost 20 years later in 1978 but just
take a gander at the graduating class of
2004 almost every woman is donning the
Islamic headscarf what happened the
truth is the hijab is less of a
religious requirement and more of a
political statement this whole idea that
one buys into or is being coerced into
buying into Islamism world hijab day is
nothing more than a propaganda tool
normalizing this objective however if
you have a contrary opinion even in the
land of the free in the home of the
brave you might just want to keep it to
yourself check out this excerpt from
campus unmasked as host Rob shim Shock
chronicles the bullying of a female
student at the University of Central
Florida after she said no thanks to
wearing a hijab I did nothing harmful
towards them in person I didn't even say
anything in person except when they told
me to put on a hijab in US and no thank
you and I walked away so I mean they're
good trying to get me expelled for no
reason if that isn't an example of
fascism then I don't know what is
that was Cathy's ooh a student at the
University of Central Florida the school
hosted a world hijab day booth at which
students could get free head scarves zoo
refused to wear hijab and for that crime
against humanity one of the Muslim
students tried to get her expelled I'm
in the back of the first pick and I
invited you to try on one and you've
said no thank you
so the Muslim student you didn't take
the time to even ask questions or try to
understand what hijab is that's ignorant
of you you literally sprinted after
taking the photos pathetic hmm even if
that did happen is that such an
inappropriate response to someone
offering to oppress you totally free of
charge Twitter do your thing continue
the Muslim student let's get this girl
expelled email the UCF Office of Student
Conduct and send them Cathy's tweet
including the photos of her thread
ignorance will not be tolerated on my
campus
yeah no room for ignorance on campus
apparently plenty of tolerance for
intolerance on campus if world hijab day
and the endorsement of the day by
members of the left proves anything it's
that the progressives are backing the
wrong Muslims namely why are we
empowering thuggish students at the
University of Central Florida who tried
to get another student expelled for not
acquiescing to their hijab wearing
demands and why is the left holding
their noses and turning a blind eye to
those truly courageous Muslim woman in
Islamic Republic's who are potentially
putting their lives on the line by
rejecting the hijab and what it stands
for sorry does not compute for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's Lloyd
Menzies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
rebel premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
