the Olympics Opening Ceremony in
Pyeongchang grandstanding NFL players
again and a new Hollywood movie that I
actually think you should pay money to
go see I'll give my astute opinions on
all of that today on the rebel buzz the
opening ceremony of the 2018 Pyeongchang
Winter Olympics happened in the wee
hours of this morning like 3:00 a.m. my
time four-time Olympian Erin Hamlin
carried the American flag in the
ceremony but of course not without
controversy and a swipe from a fellow
Olympian playing the race card you guys
stop me if you've heard this before as I
said Erin Hamlin is a four-time Olympian
she's also the first American luge
athlete to win a medal in any Winter
Olympics she won the singles bronze
medal in the 2014 Sochi Olympics and
competed with the US Olympic teams in
Torino Italy and in Vancouver BC Canada
in 2009 she was also the first u.s.
woman to win a world luge championship
so what could possibly be the
controversy why could anyone have an
issue with this well fellow Olympian
Shanny Davis thinks that coins a racist
and that's why Hamlin won the privilege
the process to determine the flag bearer
entails eight athletes from eight winter
sports voting on who will be the flag
bearer seems fair right well this time
around the vote ended in a 4-4 tie which
resulted in said racist coin flip now
Davis thinks that this is unfair and
also reference Black History Month in
his tweet about it mr. Davis yes the
American spirit is about competition and
striving to be your best for which you
should be recognized but the American
spirit is also about being gracious
young man you are tarnishing a moment
for one of your fellow athletes an
athlete who by the way very much
deserved this honor of carrying the
American flag this is her last Olympics
you have at least one more ahead of you
maybe even more be gracious and humble
and be thankful that you are there in
the first place thousands of athletes
would love to be in your shoes or speed
skates or whatever so also this week in
political green
sanding news a few of the Philadelphia
Eagles players announced that they would
not be going to the White House as the
NFL champions
you guys are so edgy yeah as you know
the Philadelphia Eagles made history
this past Sunday and beat the New
England Patriots in the Super Bowl 41 to
33 now four of the Philadelphia players
Malcolm Jenkins Torrey Smith Chris long
and LeGarrette Blount Legere Utley
Garrett LeGarrette Blount who are
faithful supporters of the black lives
matter movement have announced that they
will be spitting in the face of
tradition and decorum and will be
declining an invitation from the
President of the United States to come
to the White House I'm sorry but if
these guys really wanted to enact change
they would use this as a prime
opportunity to speak with the president
and the vice president and his cabinet
to talk about real solutions great idea
right now you're just using this
opportunity to get more press but in the
process being exposed as petulant and
titled
little brats so now for a little
Hollywood news some good Hollywood news
for a change
Clint Eastwood has a new film out that
premiered last night called the 1517 to
Paris and has there ever been a more
brilliant idea for a movie if there is I
don't know it the movie honoring heroes
with the real-life heroes cast as
themselves so instead of paying
professional Hollywood actors who
probably let's face it they don't need
any more Fame and they don't need any
more money you have the real-life guys
getting the paycheck and the acclaim I
absolutely love this this is just the
best idea ever so you guys know that I'm
not really a big movie person even
though I live here in Hollywood I'm
especially not a movie in the theatre
kind of person because here in Los
Angeles you can pay anywhere from 15 to
35 dollars to see a movie in the theater
which i think is just absolutely
disgusting but I would definitely make
an exception for this one and I
encourage you to do the same so known
conservative Clint Eastwood directed the
film about those three heroic guys who
thwarted a terrorist attack on
trained in France in 2015 when they were
on a backpacking trip through Europe
the three men Anthony Sadler Alek
skarlatos and Spencer stone overpowered
a Moroccan man who attempted to carry
out his act of terror by gunning down
train passengers now the film covers the
life stories of these three friends who
feel like life kind of brought them
together for this exact moment in time
when they were presented with the
opportunity to act heroically and save
possibly hundreds of lives so if
Hollywood made more movies like this
utilizing real heroes I think that I
could actually be on board with that
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from us
over here at the rebels subscribe to our
premium content at WWWE do forward slash
shows and make sure you're following us
on Facebook and Twitter for all the
latest news thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel
