esra I didn't even know who this guy was
until about three hours ago I saw a
tweet by Piers Morgan who wrote an
article about Trudeau's comments
yesterday because I made this video last
night I was up until about 2:00 a.m.
editing and posting it and so I look
into this guy and he he's quite high up
right he'd the mechanics in Maclean's
he's the 14th most powerful person in
Canada basically the the chief adviser
to Justin Trudeau and he's literally the
joy the irony the the wonderful nature
of this is the fact that his name is
Gerald boss and he's been what her he's
been triggered by a fire video which is
full of memes it's a jokey video you
know I make these videos to go viral it
takes about six hours to edit a
six-minute video because it's so
jam-packed
he got triggered by essentially what was
a jokey video and as he said just
completely lashed out started calling
everybody Nazis in people including
people like ben shapiro who made fun of
this who of course is jewish yes
targeted by the actual all right all the
time so it just shows the absolute
desperation i mean i tweeted at him
maybe mister books you should be getting
less but her about youtube videos and
more concerned about the fact that
Trudeau's poll numbers are now sagging
so it's it shows a kind of desperation
that this you know the smooth operator
super clean image that Trudeau has
maintained for about two years now seems
like it's starting to slip emits
international absolutely you know revolt
over this joke in terms of this is the
first time internationally that he's
really been satirized to this degree
yeah and it seems like they can't handle
it
well it was interesting to me that butts
would name you and name us because he
always says were irrelevant were obscure
were were not representative of anything
real but obviously he's tracking you and
tracking us even though he claims he's
not that's quite something it what's
weird to this pod like your thoughts on
this
he says the lesson is they're paying
attention well yeah you're the prize
minister of a g7 country a middle power
yeah of course we pay attention because
we follow the news that's not the lesson
what we've learned today Paul is that
you and I and other critics are living
rent-free in his head that's what I've
learned what do you think of that I
think part of it is mainly anything that
happens in Canada no offense is not of
that much interest to people outside of
Canada it's kind of an enclosed country
you know I've never made a video about I
don't even talk about Canada I'm not
even that into Canadian politics but as
soon as the international spotlight gets
shined on it and as soon as that video
goes up you're right they start to freak
arias interesting isn't it maybe they
haven't been subjected to this kind of
international focused of the past 12
months or so but also it's because you
know his poll numbers are starting to
slip so it's definitely interesting I
think the p is morgan things set it off
as well because obviously he's got well
like 10 million followers on twitter so
they don't like it when the spotlight is
shined upon them and even though that
video was just like a joke he mean video
the fact that it triggered him to this
degree yeah it's very interesting and
suggests as you've mentioned a kind of
insecurity on his part that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
