rising job approval numbers and lower
jobless frames are great things for
president Donald Trump and Republicans
but are disastrous for the Democrats
narrative a new Rasmussen poll puts
president Trump's approval rating at
forty eight percent now I think it
should be up in the 50s and I think when
you dig into these polls they tend them
more heavily sampled Democrats many
polls use 2012 polling models but forty
eight percent is a great number for a
president who Democrats predicted would
be in the 30s even twenty percent I'll
by this point in his presidency now the
story they're not telling you the
Democrats in the mainstream media is
that not only his president Trump's job
approval numbers rising that not only
our president Trump's job approval
numbers rising but that at this point
February seventh yesterday February 7
2018 saw president Trump's job approval
or points above Barack Obama's at the
same point in his presidency on February
7 2010 Barack Obama's approval number
was only forty four percent rump is
actually four points higher than Obama
despite all the mainstream media hype
look there's no mystery as to why
markets correct themselves we've been
talk in the last couple of days about a
temporary setback in the stock market
not really being a big deal mostly due
to algorithmic and electronic trading
and an overreaction Airy Federal Reserve
but by and large Americans who are not
institutional equity investors are only
seeing benefits now remember we also
spoke about the stock market in the
context of the money wasn't leaving the
u.s. the money is simply moving from
equities in the stock market into other
types of investments that are less
sensitive to interest rate fluctuations
the money still here in the United
States which means the working people
the guys swing in the hammers the
firefighters the plumbers they the
people that work on the tarmac at the
airport the people who get up go to work
every day and make America run well
they're experiencing benefits they don't
really care about what's happening it's
an institutional trading firm on Wall
Street where they're moving
billions of dollars from point A to
point B with the working people the
average American who goes home feeds
their family and worrying about that
vacation at Disney World what they care
about is what their paycheck looks like
and they're seeing raises they're seeing
bonuses most importantly next week we
will be two months from tax day April
15th these Americans are gonna be paying
less tax these Americans are gonna be
getting bigger tax refunds that's what
they care about
that means they no longer have to make a
choice between that vacation at Disney
World in braces for their little
daughter they can do both more money
back on taxes higher salaries that bonus
their family is living better and I tell
you all the time the three most
important points for any politician or
any policy hit are money
safety and family and if it can hit that
boy you're doing a great job and people
are not going to vote against you
because people do not vote against
what's best for their wallet or
pocketbook or their safety and for their
family they simply don't and on the
heels of this great news about approval
ratings jobless claims have hit a 45
year low in a 45 year low is the lowest
since 1973 this and a great story from
MarketWatch now if you look at the trend
line it just headin straight down
the numbers I'll read it to you
initially US jobless claims fell by
9,000 a 221,000 in the seven days ending
February 3rd economists forecast a
235,000 reading so we beat expectations
and certainly beat expectations you were
jobless claims why well it's pretty
simple companies have more money and
when companies have more money the
Democrats are proven wrong see that
Democrats want you to believe that
corporate America at big business is
inherently greedy and if they're allowed
to keep more of their own money through
lower taxation that they're going to
give it all to the CEO and the board of
directors but that's not true
and I'm gonna tell you why it's not true
when I go more in-depth into this
segment on my longer one-hour show off
the cuff declassified
if you like the segment and you want to
get more of it please subscribe to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org s
every day and by the way go to your App
Store because the rebel now has an app
so whatever platform you're using
whatever device you have go to your App
Store and download the rebel app you're
gonna love it it's gonna be a much more
efficient much quicker way to get all of
this great content you're already a
subscriber thank you very very much I'll
be back with you tomorrow thanks for
watching
you
