well it was the antifa versus white
nationalists all over again last Friday
at Colorado State University
but what controversial event marks the
occasion was Richard Spencer
romanticizing the white ethno state was
Miley innopolis proclaiming he doesn't
believe in lesbians no the incendiaries
Speaker at Colorado State was none other
than charlie kirk founder of turning
point USA the group whose radical
mission is to promote the principles of
freedom free markets and limited
government here are some of the slogans
of turning-point USA the group antifa
was apparently protesting socialism
sucks taxation is theft these are pretty
boilerplate ideas for the conservative
libertarian movement I mean honestly
what was he saying that got these kids
riled up hey guys hey guys i'm charlie
kirk and big government sucks and then
the rioting commences
but seriously here's a part of his
speech and Tifa group unicorn riot
picked out
and this isn't a one-time stunt by an
Tifa no it looks like they'll wreak
havoc at another Kirk event in April at
the University of Central Florida if
their demands aren't met Orlando and
Tifa said UCF are you aware that Charlie
Kirk's last event was disrupted by
violent neo-nazis you're giving him a
platform on campus April 10th
why are you endangering student safety
rescind Charlie Kirk's speech uphold
your obligation to protect your students
and then they stupidly show an article
with a picture of a white nationalist
injured by aunt Eva
even though it looked like there was
violence on both sides on Friday on
their protest page for Kirk's UCF event
the revolutionary socialist group
Orlando Workers League makes this clever
bit of guilt by association saying
teepee USA who campaigns under the same
free-speech pseudo arguments pioneered
by the alt-right keeps the dossier of
professors whose ideas they find
dangerous the reality is that every
fascist movement must have a public face
a way to gain a foothold in the popular
conscience what kinds of ideas do these
guys think they're protesting do they
honestly think the guy who is against
big government is also a fascist and why
are the white nationalists showing up it
could be that each side consists of
attention seekers starving for more
media attention to mash the 2017
Berkeley coverage but more likely it
represents an escalation of the
radicalism on both the far right and far
left with the pretty standard
unobjectionable capitalist Kirk taking
on the role of Saviour of the white race
for the one side an evil Nazi for the
other for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
