what's it going to take for our
government to acknowledge British
prisons are about to blow does a prison
officer need to be killed is that it in
the last 24 hours in HMP long Larten
known as paranoia city by the prison
community a battle has been raging
between inmates and officers six
officers have serious injuries to have
fractured jaws one has a broken arm and
authorities initially reported there
were minor injuries dealt with at scene
and this failed to be honest about the
reality of our prisons is part of the
problem in January 2018 inspectors
considered the prison stable and well
controlled were they visually impaired
earlier this year the female governor of
HMP long Martin was smashed in the face
in an unprovoked attack a year ago 81
prisoners attacked officers forcing them
to retreat and told by a former inmate I
genuinely feel sorry for any prison
officer now they can't win the ratios
are against them in my prison there were
30 of us to one of them and we knew it
prison stuff have been cut by about 20
percent key frontline roles are down by
more than 6000 offices in the UK and
meanwhile the number of prisoners has
rocketed in England and Wales the
numbers at nearly 90,000 inmates were
headed for another strange ways and
almighty riots where prisoners take
complete control of a prison destroy the
place and prison officers pay the
ultimate price the prison's Minister
promised a 10 million pound spend to
curb the violence in jails and says he
will quit if things don't improve I
think that's going to make a difference
or his tiny political career matters our
prisons need a military-grade
intervention american-style prison labor
out religious nutters quarantined and
stuff firmly back in control if we can
waste half a million pounds on the
fraudsters of the Grenville fire or 14
billion on foreign aid we can afford to
spend to save our prison officers and
safeguard those who are capable of
respecting law and order
you
