BC NDP premier John Horgan says his
province will restrict shipments of
Alberta oil sands and premier Rachel
Notley claims to be outraged about it
all and she's fighting back I don't buy
any of it and I'll tell you why the
trans mountain pipeline it already
exists it starts in Edmonton and it ends
at burrard inlet near Burnaby BC let me
say that again this pipeline already
exists it's been functioning for over
half a century without a real hitch so
the owner of trans Mountain Kinder
Morgan pipeline company wants to twin
the pipeline in the existing pipeline
easement should be a no-brainer right
while you think the problem is the
province of BC is beholden to the
activists and appears that sit in its
government and those activists are
emboldened by a wishy-washy federal
Liberal government that doesn't seem to
fight for any pipelines letting energy
East and northern Gateway just die on
the table
NDP premier John Horgan just announced
though that he's going to block any
increases to diluted bitumen shipments
off the coast of BC and guess what's in
the trans mountain pipeline diluted
bitumen now we don't use that word much
here in Alberta but if you do you're
probably some sort of activist diluted
bitumen or dill bit is what hippies call
oil sands in an effort to make regular
old oil sands seem scary and foreign and
dangerous
now Rachel Notley wants us to believe
that she's spitting mad at her comrades
in the BC and DP and some people are
actually buying it well hunt some people
the mainstream media are buying it
letting Notley claim without any
pushback that her social license carbon
tax appeasement strategy has made great
progress currying favor with the enemies
of Alberta oil you know as the country
spirals towards a constitutional crisis
surrounding pipelines and natural
resource jurisdiction and so I guess my
question is do these people think that
we are part of remembering Rachel
is pretending to play hardball with BC
claiming she's going to use the
electricity deal with BC and their
sightsee dam as a bargaining chip to get
Alberta oil to Tidewater but in reality
talks between BC and Alberta unexpanded
trade of electricity broke down last
year months before BC decided they were
going to block increased oil sands
exports in Alberta Environment Minister
Shannon Phillips before her foray into
politics actually co-wrote a book
basically an environmental activists
resistance for dummies with the current
head of Greenpeace Canada yet Phillips
now claims BC is pandering to the very
same people she sought to embolden with
her little how-to manual saying now it's
not a good way to govern quite frankly
it shows they're more interested in
pandering to specific interests than
they are in governing in the best
interests of the working people
this Phillips even here herself here
this is exactly how Alberta's NDP
governs giving in to every demand from
every activist group from the Alberta
Union of provincial employees with their
bill six legislation to Yellowstone to
Yukon and their ban on ATVs in Castle
Park why are the NDP suddenly so
offended when somebody else does the
very same thing it's because they aren't
really offended but I'll get to that in
a minute
BC NDP MP Kennedy Stewart says that
civil disobedience is an option to block
the trans Manton pipeline and sapore
Berman the head kook Allu who's leading
pipeline opposition in BC also
threatened civil disobedience Berman
you'll remember was handpicked by Rachel
Notley and paid by the Alberta taxpayer
to sit on Alberta's oil sands advisory
group to decide the future of Alberta's
oil industry and it's not like Berman
just flipped some sort of switch and
turned on everybody she's always been a
jet-setting far left-wing
environmentalist a wing nut with a total
disregard for human life going back all
the way to those tree spiking days in
clack watts sound protesting logging
berman called the oil sands Mordor and
Rachel Notley hired her and back when
Berman was sitting on the oil sands
advisory group
Shannon Phillips once said Sapporo was a
very integral part of the new consensus
that came up around oil sands companies
finding ways out of the dead-end that
previous governments had driven us into
integral she said integral but now
Phillips says that she's not really all
that concerned about anything Berman has
to say now that she's threatening civil
uprising against Alberta and really not
Lee and Phillips actually paid Berman
specifically for what she had to say
knowing what she was going to say when
they did it for months and what Berman
had to say was no to everything but
that's really what the NDP wanted in the
end someone else to say no to oil and
gas so that they didn't have to have the
political hot potato dropped in their
laps Rachel Notley and the NDP want us
to believe that they're angry with their
fellow travelers in British Columbia for
blocking our oil sands pipeline they
want us to believe that they're outraged
that the Prime Minister isn't doing
enough to defend the constitutional
rights of Alberta which means the NDP
truly believe Albertans are stupid
enough to fall for these lies for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read did you
know that I have my own show here on the
rebel it's called the gun show it airs
every Wednesday and we focus on topics
facing Alberta and the rest of Canada to
get access to my show and the rest of
our incredible premium rebel content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
