meet Victoria Monroe she's the latest
20-something poster child for being
unable to take responsibility for her
own actions yet thinks she's potentially
worthy of a taxpayer-funded compensation
package due to that lack of
responsibility just will you hear this
one folks so 27 year old Victoria Monroe
fell asleep during her short go train
commute from downtown Toronto to her
home in Durham Region at the last stop
the train was parked and locked up and
whoever was entrusted to check for
passengers who had yet to get off
somehow missed Monroe I think it's safe
to assume that perhaps because she was
sleeping she was probably slumped over
in her seat but hey mistakes occur stuff
happens and normally we all collectively
move along when we hit a little bump in
the road
oh but not miss Monroe she's dwelled
heavily on her go transit indignity one
that is of her own making by the way and
now by God she wants her pound of flesh
by way of an apology and of course
catching maybe some financial
compensation but soft vine triggered
lady doth speak what what is happening
where am I
where's everybody else right I started
panicking Victoria Monroe took a go
train trip she won't soon forget I
actually fell asleep of course it was a
long day I woke up to about 16 missed
calls from my boyfriend it was 1:30 a.m.
and Monroe found herself locked inside
the train I'm sitting upon a train
partially led freaking out no food I
have no idea where I am it could be
anywhere in the GTA I don't know where
they Park trains good golly Miss Molly
no food come on people how could anyone
expect this last to go an hour without a
snack it's a bloody miracle she didn't
starve to death and thank goodness an
employee came along to a
the train 45 days or I mean 45 minutes
upon her waking up but get this this
ordeal if one can indeed call it an
ordeal actually occurred way back in
June yet she's only gone public with her
story now you see poor miss Monroe was
apparently suffering from some sort of
PTSD she claims she's still full of
anxiety about what happened an
experience that is all the more horrific
Allah complicated based on hypothetical
things that could have happened to her
but didn't happen to her what if I woke
up and my phone was dead I would be
there too the morning or what if I was
diabetic like my brother would have been
in a coma no food no water there's so
many possibilities that's the terrifying
part again with the food she's really
worried about wasting away isn't she hey
lady next time you come you know so K
you know see TV was actually reporting
this story live from Toronto's Union
Station as though this was I don't know
Canada's version of 9/11 Wow slow news
day maybe but let's cut to the chase
shall we
evidently lawyers have been in contact
with Monroe a payday at taxpayer expense
no less given that this day of infamy
occurred on public transit surely
beckons yet is this where we are in
society right now that an adult has the
expectation to be tucked in and woken up
by public transit staff and if so I can
see that procedure going sour big-time
too I mean because it's 2018 pity the
poor male GO Transit employee that
gently roses a shoulder of a slumbering
woman to awaken her only to be accused
of engineering a me-too moment kind of
complicated isn't it
bottom line what happened to Monroe was
a minor inconvenience she was locked in
a train for 45 minutes she was not held
captive by the Taliban in Afghanistan
for years on end but why do I get this
inkling that if settlement talks failed
fragile flower will go from a go train
to a GoFundMe page to further fret about
her plight I mean after all folks she
was all alone on a room-temperature
train for almost an hour
without food for the love of God people
open your hearts and your wallets while
you're at it for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
