I've been trying to meet with the leader
of the e FF Julius Malema he's the guy
that's kind of I think inciting hatred
in many ways towards the white farmer
when they have their last kind of group
organizations their protest they sing
kill the boar kill the white farmer I've
asked him on Twitter for a public
meeting please may I request a meeting
in public to discuss the singing of kill
the boar killed the white farmer this
has been picked up by The Times here in
South Africa
Dilma llama are you afraid of a little
white woman which house how I describe
myself and I'll be interested to see
whether this big black lido known for
his protests kill the white man kill the
boy whether he'll be prepared to meet me
a little white woman from the UK our
journalism is a hundred percent
independent so that we can bring you the
stories that aren't being told if you
can support us and pay any of our
expenses please donate now at Hopkins
worldcom
