in recent World Series appearances the
Cleveland Indians challenged the Chicago
Cubs in 2016 and the Florida Marlins in
1997 on both occasions Cleveland lost
but the Indians at least went down with
Dignity each series went the distance to
a decisive Game seven in extra innings
no less but the other day the Indians
surrendered to team social justice
warriors when it came to the team's logo
and there's no dignity in that defeat
so the Cleveland Indians will stop using
their iconic chief wahoo logo on their
uniforms beginning in the 2019 season no
need to rehash what we already know the
logo amounted to cultural appropriation
and negative stereotyping and Indians
are people not mascots and on and on it
goes even the Commissioner our baseball
Rob Manfred had pressured Paul Dolan
Cleveland CEO to jettison the wha-hoo
logo diversity and inclusion and all
that other good stuff don't you know yet
one must wonder in making such a
whimpering concession to political
correctness of the Cleveland Indians and
Major League Baseball painted themselves
into a corner for example if the logo as
some critics attest is culturally
insensitive and even downright racist
then why did the team announced that it
will continue to sell this merchandise
with this logo at their home park and in
Northeastern Ohio well my friends the
answer is that the team will not have to
relinquish its trademark in doing so but
wait a second if the team now agrees
that the logo is racist and must be
expunged why would any organization want
to preserve a trademark on such
supposedly hateful imagery um could the
reason be y'all mighty dollar
now that chief wahoo is about to become
the sporting world's version of
forbidden fruit this will make the logo
all the more desirable and even
collectible what do you want to bet that
in this current calendar year the
Indians are going to sell more chief
wahoo merchandise than any other year
before and at the end of the day a
baseball club is a business do you
really think the folks running the
Indians are going to relinquish their
trademark and allow some schlub to make
all that extra doremi hey the Cleveland
Indians might be spineless but they're
not Cleveland Browns stupid a second
point if the wahoo image is offensive
what about the team's nickname itself
Indians what do you want to wager all
those protesters who have been showing
up at Cleveland games in recent years
won't thank the club but double down on
demands by requesting a name change to
thirdly do we really really know how
many people are actually offended by the
chief wahoo logo I point to that
fascinating 2016 poll conducted by the
Washington Post which revealed that more
than 90 percent of native surveyed did
not find the Washington Redskins
nickname and logo offensive so what
gives forth just where exactly is that
proverbial line in the sand which is to
say well major league baseball now
pester the Atlanta Braves to do
something about their supposedly
offensive nickname and culturally
appropriated tomahawk logo - if not why
not in any event the impending removal
of chief wahoo only raises more
questions than it does answers such a
shame the Indians ownership couldn't
emulate a No Surrender approach similar
to that of Dan Snyder the owner of the
Washington Redskins who is vehemently
against changing that team's nickname
and logo despite enormous pressure from
the usual suspects to do so but alas
Cleveland is no Washington so when the
chips are down and when their backs are
up against the wall Cleveland once again
does what it does so well and does so
often it waves the white flag of
surrender
so befitting the city of losers for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's I'd
mensies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
