Wales is set to give 16 and 17 year-olds
of the vote under the Welsh Labour
government hard left activists who have
been groomed by the Labour Party an
establishment Marxist since primary
school will be given the right to vote
in councilor actions the Labour Party
struggling to winter actions because of
their divisive Marxist IRA apologists
leader Jeremy Corbyn want to welcome in
a whole new generation of voters two
years early now this shouldn't really
come as any surprise the Labour Party
stopped focusing on policies decades ago
this instead turned his focus to
manipulating the voter base first they
opened the borders in 1997 under Tony
Blair and who neither the former
speechwriter for tony burk admitted as
much this isn't some grand conspiracy
this is out there in the open in an
article in The Evening Standard neither
wrote that the decision to open the
borders under Blair came after the
performance and innovation unit a think
tank based in the Cabinet Office
published a policy paper which suggested
Britain's economy could benefit from a
wave of new immigrants spoiler alert
it didn't but neither admitted that the
final published version of the report
didn't include all the additional
reasons and it did actually include a
political agenda he said that
introducing a mass immigration policy
would make Britain quote truly
multicultural and quote rubbed the
notice of the right and diversity and
rendered their arguments out-of-date and
that's what they did
labour permanently changed Britain
transformed communities and created
millions of instant new labour voters
and with every new generation Labor's
support in the inner cities just got
bigger it's only because of the rise of
the Scottish nationalists that Corbin
wasn't able to win their last general
election got the fall of it Nicola
Sturgeon might have actually been a
blessing so that's why labour is
engaging in this new project to take
swing seats and even traditionally
conservative seats at a local and
national level they need to build the
majority in England and Wales and no
longer rely on their traditional control
of Scotland because those days are over
so starting with the council actions in
Wales the Labour Party will push to
introduce votes for 16 and 17 year-olds
across the country these are the kids
who attend hope not hate workshops at
their colleges and they've been exposed
to Marxist indoctrination from pop stars
and TV shows and who seem to think that
they're mature enough to understand how
our national economy works I don't think
so emily Thorne grief remember her
she's the Labour MP who once had to
stand down from the Labour front bench
for a snobbish tweet about a
working-class family with a white van in
England fried god forbid well she was
mouthing off about this in Parliament
the other day you know if anyone
symbolizes hatred of the working class
in England it's this woman Thornbury
tried he tried to suggest that the fight
for giving children the right to vote is
the same with the fight to give women
the vote which is ludicrous
you can see in her speech just how in
disingenuous and horrible this woman is
she knows she's lying she knows that
she's just a cog in the Labour Party
machine and she's just pushing new
policies that are designed to advance
her party and keep her marked as
colleagues in positions of power
heaven forbid labor plight politicians
lost their job had to move out of London
and live among the working classes
dobry told the Conservatives on the
other side that it was the Labour Party
that fought for the lowering of the
voting age from 21 to 18 in 1969 and
that they're now leading this new fight
but my question is why lowering the age
for the sake of lowering it in another
few decades will they be campaigning for
14 year-olds to vote where's the logic
here where does it end
16 year-olds are not mature enough to
make decisions that affect families the
same is true for 18 year-olds and if we
want to be brutally honest about this
then why aren't we talking about raising
the age of voting instead in 2018 those
between the age of 18 and 26 are
essentially just big children they're
still at university taking classes on
women's studies and God knows Wales
avoiding adult responsibilities balking
at the thought of our children avoiding
meaningful relationships and consuming
popular media like there's no tomorrow
they are tall children with bank
accounts and Starbucks loyalty cards why
should they automatically be given the
right to vote and I say this is a 24
year old combine the millennial
generations refusal to grow up with with
the new studies that show how people
remain in adolescence until the age of
and I think this compelling evidence to
suggest that raising the voting age
wouldn't be the worst idea ever new
guidelines were introduced in 2013 for
psychologists that made 25 the other age
range for Adam
this comes after research showed that
the brain continues to develop after
teenage years and into the mid-twenties
well at child psychologist Laverne and
traverse from the Tavistock clinic in
London says that the move was made
intentionally said that children
wouldn't feel rushed through their
childhood seriously our grandparents
mustn't know whether to laugh or cry at
this point early twenties is not
childhood but I tell you what for as
long as these guidelines are in place
and for as long as Millennials refuse to
act like adults then why not raise the
age of voting to twenty five as well
after all if a 24 year old is still
another essent then what business do
they have in the ballot booth in all
seriousness though this is worrying if
the Labour Party had succeeded in Wales
then it's not unlikely that we're going
to see this rolling out elsewhere in the
United Kingdom at some point in the near
future god help us when that happens you
know I've read reports that the madness
of millennial culture is creating this
new generation of conservatives in
generations ed which is great I feel
it's just not enough at least not for
now if votes for 16 year olds are
introduced and the Labour Party wins a
general election the damage they will do
won't last for generations
it'll be permanent our videos are open
to everybody to watch anywhere they are
for free okay but none of this is free
we have to pay for our studio we have to
pay for camera crews we have to pay for
editors we have to pay for security the
only way we can do that is with your
support if you value the work we do you
value what we bring you all I'm asking
is you go to Tony Robbins and Comm
forward slash support and give us a
monthly voluntary donation
