I obviously don't have to have time to
go through all 30 of them but here's
number 22 recommends the Government of
Canada take a strong leadership role to
actively condemn systemic racism and
religious discrimination including
Islamophobia so not just politicians
speaking for themselves in their party I
mean if Justin Trudeau wants to do that
that's one thing but that's not what
this is this is about the government
itself the civil service the agencies
the bureaucrats all the programs they
must now be activated to condemn
Islamophobia I'll come back to this in a
moment the definition of Islamophobia
but here's more recommendation 24 the
Government of Canada develop an
education campaign to promote media
literacy so that so the government the
government will now spend money and hire
staff and set up programs to tell US
citizens how to think of the media how
to criticize the media who to trust and
who not to trust in the media the
government's going to do that yeah
that's how it works in dictatorships the
government critiques the media in free
countries the media critiques the
government Trudeau's liberals actually
are recommending that the government
tell Canadians what to think of
different report I mean forget about
just the media though the Liberals
actually want the government to
interfere in every single group at all
in this country doctors engineers
lawyers teachers with their messages
here let me read recommendation 26 the
Government of Canada working in
collaboration with the provinces and
territories Institute cultural
competency training to combat systemic
racism and discrimination and religious
discrimination that may be embedded or
perceived to be embedded within a number
of professions giving professionals the
opportunity to immerse themselves in
other cultures to ultimately learn from
and connect with those cultures so
that's going to be injected into
everything in this country the
government is going to tell you how to
think about culture the government is
gonna combat your own views cuz you're a
bigger than you don't even know it
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
