a gruesome murder a drunk driving
accident and offensive flyers what
should you do if you witnessed any of
these at the University of Virginia call
9-1-1 that's right
call the police if you see an offensive
flyer check it out
Patrick dee Hogan executive vice
president at the University of Virginia
recently sent an email to students and
faculty saying the school is aware of
reports of solicitations by national
organizations to encourage distribution
of offensive flyers and memes at
colleges and universities across the
country during the upcoming weekend
the reports indicate that the
organizations are specifically
interested in buildings and centers for
underrepresented groups particularly
women's studies right because women who
make up 54% of the student population at
UVA and 56% across the United States are
definitely underrepresented Hogan then
tells students and faculty if you
witness individuals engaged in
suspicious activity including posting
offensive fliers or other material in
violation of the university's policy on
exterior posting and chalking please
call 911
I really hope the UVA Police will be
able to spare some medics to resuscitate
the hurt feelings or stitch the paper
cuts of students who harm themselves
trying to tear these posters down in
self-defense but really what exactly
were these offensive Flyers well I did a
bit of digging to try to find out
rewind to January 16th a user on vote
the free speech uncooked version of
Reddit mischievously appropriated
pro-choice language to create a campaign
called my borders my choice encouraging
people to hang immigration themed Flyers
with the slogan and no means no on
campuses promising bonus points for
students who managed to place them in
social justice related areas that would
explain UVA z' reference to women's
studies buildings in their email I spoke
with the campaign organizer who told me
citizens owned the public land in their
country just like a family owns a home
and a person owns his or her body being
forced to accept strangers into your
country is just as absurd and wrong as
being forced to accept them in your home
or inside yourself
right but when I reached out to my alma
mater to confirm whether my borders my
choice was in fact the offensive flyer
in question as well as how it could be
construed as offensive whether any
Flyers were actually spotted and what
actions were taking if so a
representative said no those are not the
Flyers the University is no additional
comment thank you well you're not very
welcome mr. Debruyne because that's not
much of an answer and when I reached out
just to ask which flyer it actually was
and if they could link me to it
UVA was mysteriously silent so what do
you think is the university stonewalling
me from reporting that they told
students to call the cops over a
hilarious meme for campus unmasked I'm
Rob Simms shop if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
