so we're here today in court trying to
get justice for sue sue was tortured in
this country someone took a blowtorch to
her after they had shot her and then
they suffocated her with a plastic bag
they also took a blowtorch to her
husband Robert sue is from the UK
Robert is from Ireland and what really
strikes me here in this place is the
idea that you can get justice in a place
that's so disorganized so chaotic so
full with people who can't find folders
can't find dockets can't find the
paperwork they need it really is
upsetting and I do feel filled with rage
that one of my people from the UK has to
fight through this system to try to get
justice done I'm here in court today to
help get justice for a lady a farmer's
wife who was tortured with a blowtorch
in order to get justice for these people
we have to join them in the fight if you
can help support us donate now at
Hopkins worldcom
you
