finally the Grammys are here the awards
for music that moves and captivates and
this year we have a fantastic lineup the
entire world can tune into to enjoy
everyone from Kendrick Lamar to Lady
Gaga bono to Elton John Trevor Noah to
Hillary Clinton
really I'm sure this weight extremely
well for the ratings and everyone
involved but let's find out I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood nothing
puts me at more ease for the 2018
elections than watching something like
this the pinnacle of sanctimonious
political patronizing that was in fact
the 2018 Grammy Awards again this is the
Grammy is not political however the
biggest burn of the entire night was not
Hillary Clinton unfortunately being
painfully dragged back in the spotlight
like Shrek 12 or something it was the
record drop in ratings falling to an
all-time low that is apparently 20
percent down from last year let's look
at why for one you had a music showcase
becoming a political talking point for
the entire left by bringing people such
as Trevor Noah to the stage who has been
an awkward henchman for the Democratic
Party since he took over for The Daily
Show who to all of our surprise walked
out there and gave us another Trump joke
who said quote I love that song it takes
me back like way back to when Trump
wasn't president then you drag out
Hillary Clinton to read a hardcover
version of something between fifty
Shades of Grey The Enquirer and Fidel
Castro's memoir fire and fury in the
middle of the show are you kidding
unbelievable and then Bono with who I
loved growing up opens up with a
performance saying quote blessed are the
Esso countries for they gave us the
American dream like what are you even
talking about no no no no they didn't
bless it are these countries like what
are you talking about people are fleeing
for their life because they're horrible
horrible places you don't praise Nazi
Germany because many Jews had to flee to
the United States to escape murder you
don't praise Stallings insane genocide
that sent us millions of people from
Western Europe
no America is great because of the laws
and the values and the culture that we
all share that include not crossing the
border illegally
I mean I'm like really this just stop it
this is so lazy like you can just say
anything as long as it's anti Republican
you'll get praised and clap for an award
show oh it's painful I do want to give a
shout-out to Bruno Mars and Ed Sheeran
that cleaned up who are true modern-day
rock stars who have done fantastic work
this year it's also hilarious that this
award show that's been patting yourself
on the back the entire time that's
supposed to be empowering women only
award one award to a girl but don't you
worry our national treasure Taylor Swift
was not snuff she released her album a
few weeks after the deadline was so
she'll be in the running for 2019 and
our girl better clean up I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood if you like this
video and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
