the next time some academics tell you
how important diversity is ask how many
Republicans there are in their sociology
department that's a quote from economist
and philosopher Thomas Sol we hear that
the ratio of liberal to conservative
professors on college campuses is about
twelve to one pretty lopsided right well
when it comes to money professors and
staff from these colleges donate to
political campaigns it gets a whole lot
worse check it out
famous for graduating presidents CEOs
and leaders of all stripes Harvard Yale
and the six other Ivy's are a good
indicator of the values of the American
aristocracy and here's how diverse those
values are when it came to the 2016
presidential election individuals
employed by those schools gave 2.6
million dollars to Hillary and just 15
thousand dollars to Trump for the 2018
cycle so far professors administrators
and other staff from Ivy League schools
have already contributed over 1.2
million dollars toward Democrat
political campaigns and not even $70,000
two Republican ones I mentioned the
twelve to one left to right wing
professor ratio well when it comes to
their wallets Harvard is the closest to
reflecting that proportion the school
has contributed at about four hundred
fifty thousand dollars to Democratic
candidates and $50,000 to Republican
ones a nine to one ratio Harvard maybe
slowly banning freedom of association by
punishing students who join frats and
sororities but they're the best of the
bunch when it comes to Ivy League
campaigns our nation's Yale meanwhile
has spent one hundred seventy thousand
dollars on 2018 Democrat candidates and
not even three thousand dollars on
Republicans a 66 to one ratio upends
case is even more extreme over 120
thousand dollars to the donkey and just
five hundred dollars to the elephant a
proportion of almost two hundred fifty
to one thus far and get this two out of
the eight IVs Brown and Dartmouth
haven't given Republicans a single cent
since the 2018 cycle began leftists love
diversity just not when it comes to
their politics and what about that
equity the equality of outcome
progressives are oh shooting for
something tells me the 50/50 ratio they
want apply to admissions pay checks etc
doesn't apply to different political
viewpoints for campus unmasked I'm Rob
schrab shocked if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
