it might very well be a Canadian
political first more than 600 members of
a writing Association have switched
their allegiance to an opposing
political party wow it's been a really
really bad week for the Progressive
Conservative Party of Ontario well just
a few days before Patrick Brown stepped
down as the leader of the PC Party
amidst allegations of inappropriate
behavior the PC party was rattled by yet
another blow some 623 members of the
king Vaughn PC writing Association
recently said adios to the PC party they
just up and quit including some 24
directors and then they went on to
pledge their allegiance to the Trillium
Party of Ontario it was stunning and
perhaps even precedent-setting like
something out of a game of Thrones
almost and it speaks volumes about the
ongoing turmoil with an interior
aggressive Conservative Party which
under their former leader Patrick Brown
has managed to alienate social
conservatives and fiscal conservatives
and even Democratic conservatives but in
the case of the king Vaughan Riding
Association located just north of
Toronto well what was the tagline for
that 4th installment of the jaws
franchise jaws the revenge this time
it's personal
yeah it's personal all right that's
because at the King Vaughan writing
Association's nomination meeting last
April the grassroots choice of candidate
Constantin tubas was the victim of a
grandiose political Screwjob the PC
party brass decided they would ignore
the wishes of the grassroots as they've
done in the past and continue to do in
the present as they installed their
hand-picked candidate Stephen lechi I
witnessed the shenanigans firsthand in
which the PC party brass actually called
the cops on Trillium Party leader Bob
yacek simply for being in the
Sinnott e of the meeting here's a
flashback usually the police shy away
from political nomination meetings but
not this time this is the new Ontario
Patrick Browns organizers have a problem
you saw like five six police cars come
rolling in here yeah he's not getting
his way bring the muscle in get the
police involved and understandably
Constantine to bus who expected to
become the PC candidate for King Vaughn
oh he was livid after being given the
boot we are the writing Association the
worth of the writing Association was
refused do you have a conduct with its
own members where the party says quote
or can imagine this is simple
dictatorship this is dictatorship caused
by the party of Patrick Brown I'm a
Conservative member I was were
conservative to win and I want to have
at the same time the democracy and
freedom speech and to make everything
according to rules and constitution and
without any backroom politics I don't
want for the party to decide who's gonna
be the next thing I want all the members
to decide who's gonna be the next winner
but to person the king Vaughn PC writing
Association has not gone quietly into
the night rather these disgruntled
conservatives have switched sides it's
similar to the way in which PC MPP Jack
McClaren left the PC party last summer
to become the Trillium Party's only
elected representative at Queen's Park
what will this mean in the provincial
election some five months down the road
well that remains to be seen
historically it's very difficult for a
start-up political party to gain
traction yet there's no getting away
from the fact that a significant number
of conservatives of all stripes are not
buying into or we're not playing into
what Patrick Brown was selling exhibit a
his support for a carbon tax for a
manufacturing province or what used to
be a manufacturing province time will
tell if the next leader of the PC Party
will do an about-face on this policy and
so many others causing acrimony and for
what it's worth Trillium Party Leader
yacek tells me that none of the 623
defectors are going back to the PC party
in light of Brown's resignation yes it
says quote
nothing has changed in the PC party all
the policies are the same all the
backroom boys are the same end quote
in other words whoever becomes the new
PC leader yacek believes that it will
ultimately be a matter of meet the new
boss same as the old boss as the who
ones pontificated bottom line in recent
months the unofficial slogan of the
people running the PC party has
apparently been our way or the highway
and it looks like a significant number
of former PC supporters are indeed
merging onto the express lane getting as
far away as possible from a party that
once upon a time was actually beholden
to conservative values for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's I'd Menzies
hey folks if you like that commentary
please consider becoming a premium
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
