I hate this next story guys it looks
like the sjw's have set their outrage
and sanctimonious sites on yet another
target they should never mess with one
of the most iconic and profitable
characters of all time James Bond
with Daniel Craig finishing up his
tremendous stint as double-oh-seven many
are calling for change not because the
lack of critic success or box office
sales but because it is time for the
British secret agent to be a woman
that's right double of 77 cents on the
dollar I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
Thank You Owen Benjamin for that last
yogurt can't take credit for that
first off the wage gap is a myth that
was disproved by Thomas Sol back in the
80s and is disproven using multivariate
analysis instead of just adding up all
the money men make and all the money
women make in preparing it how would you
try to even that out so that there would
be some equality of job opportunities
yeah I'm sorry you missed the early part
of the program when I pointed out that
where you find people not represented
evenly that does not show the
institutional effect because almost
nowhere and human affairs do you find
people evenly representative if you if
you compare accountable people with
respect to age with respect to education
etc you get a totally different thing
both with respect to blacks and women
but I digress
chris hemsworth said an interview that
he thinks Charlize Theron when my
favorite actresses ever should play
James Bond a Druze Alba who I also loved
said quote it could be a woman it could
be a black woman it could be a white
woman do something different with it why
not
I'll get to why not first off why are we
trying to artificially control what
humans like what people are drawn to the
simple fact is there are so many stories
that have been invented that have been
told characters that have been created
thousands of them throughout time and
there are very very few a select few
that have naturally risen to the top
that we are all captivated by and that
were drawn to that truly just stand the
test of time and it can be argued that
bond is one of these such characters and
what's great is the ones that do have no
particular reason for doing so there's
not some formula you can go to like okay
I'm going to create the perfect story
the perfect characters are just parolees
together and mathematically this is the
story that we're all gonna be drawn to
for next hundred years no it's not done
like that except through tremendous
social pressure or tyrannical control
which happens in North Korea which is
like Kim Jong Il's movies are so good
there you must like this class must like
this class which is basically what
they're trying to do now with these
stories first reason why I hate this and
why it's not gonna work these decisions
are not being made to improve the story
it's to progress an agenda that's it
think about the last Ghostbusters the
all-female cast they use was that done
to improve on the other story or just
strictly to push an agenda please like
this please laugh this works right guys
right right right do you think oceans
eight is being cast with an all-female
cast to improve on the original classic
heist movie no and do you think an
all-female Lord of the Flies movie is
being created
is a better way to tell that story no it
is just an attempt to push an agenda and
try to control what people like you
should like this I want to prove my
point and this is not at all to say
movies that could be similar maybe
should not happen
I love new and original content they
should create new stories that maybe
focus on a new female leader a character
similar to James Bond which they did in
atomic blonde with ironically Charlize
Theron and the last series of James Bond
movies with Dino Craig have all been
very very good particularly Skyfall and
Casino Royale and to change a historical
iconic classic like James frickin Bond
because it's time for a female lead
actors in a Bond movie it's just gonna
destroy the most famous British spy of
all time and it must be said too
apparently there's no problem changing
iconic European white male into any
category of people whatsoever changes
character to a different race or sex
just for whatever reason now I wonder
her to be racist or sexist to change
other iconic characters but be seen the
same way if it wasn't just a white male
like changing the live-action upcoming
Little Mermaid movie to a Hispanic
bisexual man who are we doing Bridget
Jones to be a black man in Russia who
happens to be living as a gay man with
those changes be made to further the
story and improve them or be made to
shame and criticise these iconic
characters hmm not to mention the very
sjw's they want females be promoted as
these heroes these action stars do not
actually want to see their stars in
peril and the best example the potential
fallout of this kind of decision
recasting James Bond as a female is the
x-men advertisements for x-men
Apocalypse Now x-men in a world with so
many terrific characters both men and
women for one character be singled out
as the hero of a story that is a
collaboration of multiple characters is
a huge honor and Jennifer Lawrence got
that honor for her role with mystique
now they posted the hero of the movie on
a billboard mystique with the most
imposing and greatest villain in the
x-men universe apocalypse you're
supposed to see her there in peril being
held up by apocalypse people went nuts
because of this build works they've got
it promoted oppression and a patriarchy
of men abusing women Jennifer Lawrence
had to condemn it and Fox had to come
out and apologize for this offensive
billboard putting their star in peril
can you imagine if it was switched it
was just Wolverine up there no one would
care plus we want to see our heroes in
jeopardy we want to feel like we have to
watch this thing through to see what's
gonna happen now these Studios because
they have to be
so careful our gonna draw back the story
in the narrative to not risk the outrage
and potential financial fallout from the
SJW community the marbled comic books
for example which are often the canary
in the coalmine because these are the
manuscripts all these movies are created
from have suffered massive losses
because they've been getting into social
justice warriors huge drop in sales if
added so many female characters and
changed most of the iconic once
everyone's become a social justice word
including Captain America being a Nazi
can you believe that this has to just
stop James Bond was created by Ian
Fleming the inventor of his character a
hundred years ago he wrote this
character to captivate and inspire the
British people he thought of his story
and a character that would best fitted
to best tell this story and created him
accordingly and there's a reason that
this specific character has lasted this
long has been so successful for decades
please just please do not change a
hundred-year-old character because now
we feel like it's time I've been Danny's
it's pure Hollywood alright if you liked
this video and others like it please
consider becoming a premium member to
the rebel that way you'll have first
access to pure Hollywood and the entire
rebel lineup
you
