one of the really striking things here
in the eastern part of South Africa is
these farmers have their farms really
secure when you drive in you really
think and I've been to a few
maximum-security units and and this is
the sort of thing you feel this is like
a maximum-security unit except it's a
farm and this razor wire goes on and on
and on it's about a hundred kilometres
of razor wire these farmers grouped
together to fund this thing to keep
their farm safe about two million three
million dollars to put this fencing in
one of the really curious things that
you think about this despite it being
safe and secure the farm workers here
feel safe and secure I slept here last
night and I felt the safest I felt since
I've been here but again these are walls
to keep people out and these are walls
that are necessary in order to make this
food secure and one of the really
striking things about all of this of
course is that these people are not
trying to run a prison these people are
not trying to you know grow drugs this
isn't some international smuggling ring
this is just a farm they're just trying
to grow crops or fruit or macadamia nuts
or bananas all these guys are trying to
do is deliver food security for South
Africa and in order to deliver food
security for South Africa this is the
level of security they now need without
your help I can't be here telling these
stories if you help donate at Hopkins
WorldCom it's not me that you're paying
I'm not taking anything from this you're
helping deliver security to these people
so they can sleep better at night help
me tell their story help donate at
Hopkins worldcom
you
