one of the criticisms you face if you
come out to look into the systematic
slaughter of white farmers is that you
don't get the other perspective you
don't come and talk to the people that
work on the farm the farm workers here
it's such a brilliant example of how
people can work together perfectly
these guys have got great accommodation
they've got Saturday and Sunday off
they're getting their washing down
they're getting their stuff squared away
I've just spoke to some of them they
know what the rules are they live by the
rules and he said because we live by the
rules there's no problems here we have a
happy life
we're paid on time we have holidays we
can see our family and the farmer here
also arranges say if one of their mums
is sick or they're sick he'll make sure
they get taken to the hospital and
looked after you know what really
strikes you in this place is it so much
order everything is neat things are
organized in their place things are well
maintained the guys have made stuff that
works for them you know these people are
just living really neat and tidy lives a
lot neater than a lot of the houses and
homes that I see in the UK and this is
black and white working together
perfectly happily on a farm when there's
no outside interference trying to create
tension trying to create a factions
within the community everyone gets along
and things work really well our
journalism is independent of everyone
and we rely on your donations to help
pay our expenses and we keep those to a
minimum if you can help us visit Hopkins
worldcom
you
