check out this federal government poster
it features natives urging other natives
to sign up for Indian status cards but
this poster has now been revoked thanks
to a social media meltdown can you
possibly guess why just wait till you
hear the unbelievable details
cultural appropriation is a popular
buzzword with the progressives these
days one shouldn't pilfer elements from
a culture one doesn't belong to as the
argument goes and certainly stereotyping
a particular group of people isn't that
good either and can you believe it
this poster from indigenous and northern
Affairs Canada urging natives to sign up
for their indian status card was slammed
by those in the social media universe
people who seemingly get out of bed each
morning praying that they will stumble
upon something anything be it real or
imagined that will offend them the focus
of the outrage is regarding the model
negan as was in she is being accused of
channeling the likeness of Pocahontas
from the Disney animated film why well
just look at the color of that necklace
saying turquoise at Pocahontas wore how
dare this woman and the Government of
Canada portray indigenous people in such
a fashion but the social media misfit
says is typical today wrongly jumped to
conclusions based on delusions
for starters negan is herself a native
not someone pretending to be one
according to a CBC report she is a
member of the fishing Lake First Nation
she's also very accomplished being a
lawyer who has worked on indigenous
policy with many organizations and
governments and she's worked as a
freelance model since her teenage years
so we're talking beauty and brains here
truly a suburb role model and someone
who would never take part in a campaign
that would ever mock First Nations
culture as for the clothes and jewelry
she wore well guess what it's all hers
nobody told her how to dress she picked
that particular necklace to blend in
with the background but because negan is
wearing a turquoise necklace and
Pocahontas in the Disney flick wears a
turquoise necklace obviously according
to the grief industry she's trying to
resemble a cartoon character but in her
own words negan says quote I was just
being myself
hello can those social media justice
warriors who were threatening over this
poster look up the word coincidence in
the dictionary that's what this is not
racist stereotyping of indigenous people
indeed these trolls are causing more
harm than good
negan says the comments on Facebook were
hurtful partly because the commentators
assumed she and the others involved were
mimicking a cartoon character or were
simply being insensitive to Native
stereotypes and what do you want to bet
that these same progressives who are
complaining about negan's necklace
likely have no issue at all with Lisbeth
Warren claiming to be part Native
American because she's allegedly 1/32
Cherokee just check out those high
cheekbones according to Liz herself my
Aunt Bea has walked by that picture at
least a thousand times remarked that he
that her father my papaw had high
cheekbones like all of the Indians do
because that's how she saw it and she
said and your mother got those same
great cheekbones and I didn't she
thought this was the bad deal she had
gotten me in life yet as they used to
say on those Ronco ads but wait there's
more evidently the posters inclusion of
wildlife yes a bison eagle wolf and a
bear
well that's evidently a form of
stereotyping too again
negan doesn't think so stating she was
ultimately pleased to see the blending
of this imagery and I think it's just a
reminder of who we are and where we come
from indeed in the department of damned
if you do damned if you don't I would
argue that the same people complaining
about the use of animal imagery would
have probably lodged complaints if no
animals were used in the poster
condemning the creators as being
insensitive to the connection many
natives have to the land of course in
typical gutless bureaucratic fashion
indigenous and northern Affairs Canada
waved the white flag of surrender the
poster has been yanked rather than
standing up to social media Mel contends
who are preoccupied with optical
delusions yet again the squeaky wheel
gets the grease the lunatics get to run
the asylum no doubt indigenous in
northern Affairs Canada is now spending
money on a new and improved and non
offensive poster about Indian status
cards and in the process squandering
funds that could be better spent on
actual bonafide indigenous causes for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
rebel premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
