so sometimes in life you know you end up
in strange situations this is one I'm in
a McDonald's carpark I've got security
over there waiting we've got to farm
attackers who are responsible we think
for killing people on farms torturing
women and in a moment I'm going to get
to go out to a remote location and
interview to farmer Tucker's and there
you mind I've just spent time with
families who have been torn apart by
those people I've get to ask them the
questions I've been dying to ask them
like what are you doing who's training
you who's paying you've got so much I
want to ask them and then there's a
really weird moment where you go I'm sat
in it innit McDonald's cop up and I'm
about to meet the people responsible for
killing the people that I've just spent
time in tears with on their doorstep
there's a strange time in life for 42
year old number three our journalism is
independent of everyone and we rely on
your donations to help pay our expenses
and we keep those to a minimum if you
can help us visit Hopkins WorldCom
