so today's quite a big day day two or
three day three
first up I'm gonna go to a hill a
mountain where there's a cross put for
every single white farmer that's been
killed and I think that will be a
horrible thing to see the sheer scale of
how many white farmers are being wiped
out and how systematically that's
happening but later on today in
something that'll be a first here in
South Africa it looks like we've been
able to get to farm attackers who have
actually been involved in pharma tax and
they say that they might be willing to
speak to me about their involvement who
trains them who pays them and most
importantly how it is they think it's
okay to get on these places rape white
women rape young girls and I want to ask
them those questions so big day and it's
a strange thing here it's really raining
today and having spent so much time
yesterday in tears and the relationship
with South Africans in their land
sometimes here it feels like this whole
place is crying too I'm here in South
Africa for 10 days documenting the
ethnic cleansing of white farmers if you
can help with funds for this trip so
that we are a hundred percent
independent with our journalism visit
Hopkins WorldCom
