over the last few weeks there's a young
Muslim called an Adama
he's a youtuber he is he's linked and
works with a extremist radical charity
called Iowa now what he's been doing
this he's been publishing videos saying
he's looking for me he wants to find me
he's gonna find me because I've been
defamed in Islam so he's gonna find me
and he's making videos saying I'm coming
to your house to me I'm coming to your
house I'm telling you if you do not meet
me I'm gonna find you I'm gonna track
you down
I know where you live what I have to do
is way outside your house follow you
down the road and just got five cameras
on you at first I found it quite amusing
I thought was quite funny
I wasn't that bothered by it because he
wasn't talking about coming to my house
the first minute he started talking
about coming to my house then I didn't
find it funny Ali if you come to my
house it'd be the last thing you do bro
hit me the last thing you do and that's
a simple it would be the last thing you
ever do and if you ever want it to meet
you 72 virgins it's the easiest way for
you to do it I live under a constant
terror for six ozma mornings government
mornings threatening to murder me and
kill me
there's terrorists in jail during 30
years we were planning on their way to
kill me so it's a serious matter for me
with three young children home so then I
have this Jap bearded jihadi talking
about coming to my house with five
friends okay let's we're talking about
five cameras will be on me so five
Muslims come into my house yeah so then
I receive a phone call from him and I
say it's a phone call from him and he's
on the phone saying this is where you
live and he's saying the number of where
I live look I know where you live
I know your car I know your number four
yes so be quiet then he does this video
do I love you guys might be asking what
is a lead our doing in a dark place at
nighttime but I'm here I'll introduce it
to this guy very soon what camera my
number one yeah non-muslim
and camera man number two who's just
gone to the car two cameramen of myself
and this guy here we don't know if he's
a Muslim or non-muslim yet trying to
cover that I'm just gonna show you guys
Robinson can answer where we are he
knows where we are now where he is in
that video is it the end of him on my
old my mum and dad's old house
my mom and dad sold their house three
years ago I haven't lived there for 10
years
the people who live there now I've never
met or spoke to you before innocent
completely in this two days ago the CPS
and the mainstream media completely sent
messages across the country trying to
tie and involve me in this most recent
terrorist attack at Finsbury Park mosque
they put my name into it falsely which
my legal team are following this up
completely and hopefully going to be
suing everyone yeah all this is
happening and when this is happening
it's brought my profile right to the top
so then people online this search of my
dress all these have a father left
activist have then started publishing
and address my mum's old address now
they don't think it's my mum's old
address alley though I didn't think is
molded my mom's address they'll think
it's my dress they don't think I'm there
with my three children then one of the
post by someone called Joker who I'll
reveal who he is in the coming videos
but someone called Joker then pub there
their messages saying come in the house
and stabs stab me then stab my
children's death then stab my wife to
death now this changes everything I've
had to rush back from London because I
now know there's an innocent family in a
house their address has been published
online they've got children and lots of
people were wanting to kill me so that
they are they are linked up and they are
in danger and all of this has come about
from some Joker a lead our you fought
you're playing games you know when
you're sitting pressing buttons and
you're on your computer it's not a game
it's real life whether it's my life or
my kid's life or my wife's life or an
innocent family living in a house they
bought three years ago who have got
nothing to do with this I'm gutted and
I'm so annoyed that I've got do this
people have uploaded pictures of this
house I haven't listened this house for
10 years you idiot
and then if some woman lives in this
house with three young children the
police are already here look higher
Stephen Lennon I used to live here I'm
the so I'm coming here so that everyone
knows I don't live in this house now
you're not on camera I'm doing this to
assure everybody that I'm not living in
this house so so uh if you don't want
any of this filmed I'll make sure none
of it goes out what I've come here to do
is to show everyone that there's an
innocent lady in this house it's not me
because people do want to kill me but
it's not me that lives here so I need
everyone I need everyone to know or I
want everyone to know so I can sleep at
night because you've got kids in here I
want oh darling I'm so sorry i I'm so
sorry that this has happened yeah and
I'm so sorry and I am and I truly am
because I wouldn't want to be in this
position because you're completely
innocent Lee but I've only knowing I
know I know I've only come round that's
just that you've got nothing to fear for
me anything you don't want to go out I
won't put out I'm not here I'm only here
to make your situation bail that's all I
want to do I won't be able to sleep or
not if I did it yeah that's absolutely
terrified absolutely terrified it's so
much you don't want the police don't do
anything about this for years they don't
know anything about this there's Fritz
to kill my wife and kids with pictures
of that address I found out today who it
is it's in that I found out today how
come they ain't found out how come ain't
done nothing about even contacting me
I'm contacting me
that's kind so they're out stepping
around they're never even spoke to me
I mean spoke to me but Ali I hope you're
a few yourself mate I'd be a few
yourself that's why we call you jihadi
Ali you scumbag secure and safe in your
home but because of you Joker's a lead
hour because of resisting hey because of
all these far-left poisonous groups
thinking you're publishing my address an
innocent family are terrified in their
own home I know that the police went to
the house and sat that family down and
told them they're in danger and you know
I got to sit through that so many times
and I'm about to see my wife and the
reaction she has and the fish she has
for our children so I know what that
family have been put through and I know
what they're going through right now and
it didn't need to happen it should never
ever have happened and it happened
because you think you're playing games
it's not a game when there's
real serious threats to kill people I'm
awfully aware there's a lot of people
that don't like me I'm fully aware
there's a lot of people that want to
kill me and hurt me okay but they're
innocent
I don't live in that home I do not live
there so at the minute I can still see
today people posting that address that's
not hurting me
there's an innocent family in there so
please understand and this is the
evidence and the proof so you can see it
with your own eyes that's not my home
what is wrong with you people
I can't understand it was wrong with you
my videos are free for everybody
anywhere to watch but they're not free
to make we have a studio we have a
camera crew we have editors we have
security I'm asking for your help to
keep us on the air if you value the work
we do if you value the news we bring you
please go to Tony Robbins and Comm
forward slash support and give us a
monthly voluntary donation keep us on
the air
