president Donald Trump is taking Robert
Muller head on saying he would be glad
to testify de Muller under oath but I
don't think the president should do it
and I'm gonna tell you why now President
Trump is a bold guy people do not scare
him no one scares him so he's taking
Robert Muller's bogus which on head-on
saying that he's willing to testify
under oath he said he would be glad to
do it I'm paraphrasing the president he
also said that fighting back against
false accusations is not obstruction of
justice he's right it's not obstruction
of justice I'm only the president's
exact quote about testifying is I would
do it under oath now I love that the
president knows he did nothing wrong I
love that the president is being bold
and public about the fact this is all
bogus nonsense but I don't think the
president should say one word to Robert
Muller and the reason is I don't believe
Muller is a fair and ethical actor I
don't believe that Robert Muller cares
about the rule of law and justice here
look a nine-year-old can now see that
there's no Trump Russia collusion
anybody who's ever worked in law
enforcement prosecutors people that are
not biased left wing radicals look at
this investigation and and laugh if it
weren't so tragic we'd really be
laughing we see how ridiculously
improper everything around Muller DOJ
and FBI has become in an honest ethical
person and I've said this to you many
times if mo were an honest and ethical
man he would look at his investigative
file and it would take that big thick
file and he would say wow you know I was
I was digging into this and I was really
I had tunnel vision because I was
looking for Trump Russia collusion
but as I look through everything that
Peter stroke and Lissa page did and rope
work for me and I looked at what why
seaman did Weissman works for me saying
he was in awe of Sally a to defied the
president when I look at what Bruce or
did because yeah that dossier surer
factored in and his he was a DOJ and he
met with Glenn Simpson and his wife was
the Russia specialist working on the
dossier well really bad fifty thousand
missing text messages up to the day that
I was appointed special counsel how do
we get around this he were truly an
ethical and honest guy and this were all
coincidence Muller would say American
people my fellow Americans after I look
at all this evidence
your trust your confidence is what's
paramount and without it I can't
continue because ultimately I and the
Attorney General and the FBI director
the President Congress we report to you
the American people you're the boss
we're not the boss we don't determine
how things go this is your money being
spent taxpayer I'm looking at your
complaints I see why you have no trust
in me and the FBI the DOJ anymore I'm
gonna shut the investigation down and
I'm gonna resign for the best of the
country and if the Department of Justice
wants to appoint another Special Counsel
or resume this investigation that's on
them if Congress wants to pick it up
that's on them but ethically and
professionally and as a matter of
integrity I can't continue well that's
what Muller should say or Moeller should
look at his year-long investigation
that's wasted a ton of taxpayer
resources and got nothing to process
crimes at old financial crimes and say
we've exhausted every lead we've
exhausted every option there's nothing
here but he won't do that either what
he's doing is he's setting a perjury
trap for president Donald Trump and I
think it is disgraceful what do I mean
by perjury trap well think about a
political candidate any political
candidate let alone Donald Trump a
global celebrity for 40 years about a
small congressional race in Wisconsin in
a district of a 200,000 people that's
the average size of a u.s. congressional
district that Kennedy is running for
office for about a year and a half two
years in some cases they're meeting with
people from all over the county they're
meeting with tens of thousands of people
they're speaking at events they're
speaking at town halls or speaking a
County Fair as it parks at baseball
games at schools and community centers
churches synagogues you name it they're
going on local media they're often going
on national media there's print there's
digital online there's television video
there's audio from radio interview hits
thousands upon thousands of statements
that they've made over the course of
their campaign now think about Donald
Trump think about President Trump you've
got a guy who's been in the spotlight
he's been a socialite in a public
celebrity public figure for 40 years he
had a top-rated show on NBC for 14 years
he then ran for office for two years and
he's been the president for a little
over a year how many public statement
says he made I mean Donald Trump's are
advertising industry people put his
earned media estimates into the billions
of dollars in fact his earn media was so
extensive just media that came to him
that wasn't blocked or paid for
advertising just the media covering him
on their own his earned media the values
and the billions of dollars I read one
estimate that it could be between three
and four billion dollars conservatively
and that's very believable because he's
been I love Trump's been a household
name since the early eighties in fact he
was one of the only candidates if not
the only candidate in political history
that went into the race with a hundred
percent name recognition you can't put a
dollar value on that so how many
statements has Donald Trump made over
the years there's got to be millions
millions of data points to go back and
reconcile his statement against video
and audio and written and archived and
digital and websites and screenshots and
photos and why is that relevant well
seeing what Muller has been doing
damming up general Flynn and
Papadopoulos on bogus process crimes one
of the two charges that general Flynn
pled guilty to I don't believe he should
have and I think was a byproduct of
money he didn't have the money to to
fight a federal criminal charge let
alone two it could cost about a million
bucks
and he had too much pride to let others
raise money for him I think he knew he
was gonna be okay he took the plea I
think general Clinton knew that this
whole house of cards was gonna come
crashing down on the Dems in deep State
Papadopoulos who was a young guy he was
afraid but but I believe Flynn will do
up with what a Muller will do his Muller
will interview the president and they'll
say the president after a trip mom save
the president things like well in the
middle of this Trump Russia collusion
narrative in the middle of when this was
all really going down right after you
met with that your son and your team
members met with that Russian lawyer
lawyer at Trump Tower well mr. president
the next day you were in Iowa you said
that wasn't said second Tuesday of this
month you were in Iowa was the next day
or a few days after that meeting that
took place at Trump Tower and you you
you were in Iowa you told my
investigators in our last meeting you
told my investigator 15 minutes ago that
you were in Wisconsin well mr. president
you were actually
honson that day and you were in Iowa the
next day
youyou lied mr. president you lied and
we're gonna now charge you with a
process crime for lying of investigators
and that's what Muller is gonna do
mother's gonna say you told us you were
in Iowa on Tuesday
mr. president you was in Wisconsin on
Tuesday you're in Iowa on Wednesday we
are now gonna charge you with a process
crime now everybody knows that's bogus
because the president will just pardon
himself what would it does is it sets
the stage for impeachment because then
the Democrats will do is they'll say
well look at this we've got an
indictment from robert muller on a
process crime against trump he lied to
investigators bill clinton was lied or
was impeached for lying impeach trump
you impeach clinton republicans impeach
trump and that will gain traction
because many in america in the middle
will say well it is kind of fair Rumph
lied Clinton lied now an ethical
investigator any investigator I'm just
talking about myself when I was active
would look at that same situation and
laugh at Robert Mulder because if we
were interviewing somebody if a crime
had taken place on the first Tuesday in
February of 2016
and we were we had a suspect and the
suspect said to us well wasn't me
because when it happened that at noon on
the first Tuesday of February 2016 I was
at the Bronx Zoo with my kids I was the
Bronx Zoo with my kids on a class trip
and 50 kids saw me and five other
parents were there with me watching the
kids and two teachers and they asked the
guy well okay who can we talk to about
this and he said well you talked to mr.
and mrs. so-and-so her teachers and
these other parents and here you going
be investigators come back and we say to
him well listen they're John Smith we
checked with them but you were at the
zoo on Wednesday not on Tuesday and the
guy says oh man you know what you're
right it was a year ago I was at work
all day Tuesday here's my boss's phone
number here's my 15 coworkers that were
with me I have lunch with these three
guys and I went right home and but first
I went to the grocery store where the
manager and cashier know me here they
are and I watched this movie on
pay-per-view that evening you can track
my whereabouts the whole day but it
doesn't matter cuz the crime happened at
noon and I was at work having lunch at
the cafeteria would Bill Jim and Dave
and we go and we go to his office and
this is exactly how it would go down and
we interview his boss and he says he was
here all day and we interviewed Jim bill
and Dave and Jim bill and Dave say yeah
we had lunch we don't even leave the
building we had lunch in the cafeteria
downstairs he was with us all day this
guy was never out of our sight for more
than thirty seconds to go to men's room
there's no way he could have gotten 12
miles away and back and and committed
this crime and now we know he's not our
guy
so we go back to John Smith and we tell
him okay shake his hand thank you very
much for the cooperation just by the way
you mix those two dates up but no harm
no foul anybody could do it it was a
year ago Muller is taking a different
approach Muller is charging people with
crimes for making a simple mistake about
their whereabouts the year before and
that's why many of us guys like me you
see Dan bond Gino we look at Muller with
with contempt because he is he is
shaming the ethical investigative
process he's he's really he's disgracing
it
he's disgracing law enforcement people
who act honorably and ethically any
other investigator would say well you
know mr. president have you said you
were in Iowa on Tuesday and Wisconsin on
Wednesday but you were when was concert
on Tuesday and I want him Wednesday
what's an honest mistake you frazzled
the campaign's crazy
a year ago your schedule is not sitting
here you probably travel to thousand
cities during the course of the campaign
but your whereabouts were accounted for
so no harm no foul thanks very much for
the cooperation have a great day
Muller won't do that Muller will turn
around and say you lied charge them in
the process crime in the details or the
totality of the circumstances be damned
what I mean by that is like my analogy
with John Smith the totality of the
circumstances all we cared about was
proving that John Smith wasn't at the
scene of the crime at 11:00 our noon on
that Tuesday we don't care where else he
was as long as people saw him somewhere
else in a legal setting that's good
enough for us we don't care if he mixed
up the dates because we're focused on
this crime we're not focused on bogus
processed crimes about a misstatement or
forgetting or not being able to recall
but that's precisely what Muller is
charging people with so while I love
that Donald Trump is being bold and
in-your-face and saying I've got nothing
to hide
I'll talk to you anywhere any time under
oath he needs to be wary his lawyers
need to be worried that this is not an
honest ethical interview this is not a
fair playing field he's not going to go
in testify under oath seemingly
innocuous Lee and innocently maybe mix
up a date and then walk out of there
like he would if this was a normal
ethical investigation there is an agenda
to damage and end his presidency at all
costs so every tea that's crossed
every eye that started has to comport
exactly what that same tea and that I
for years and years and years before
typically the federal statute runs five
years unless crimes are discovered then
it extended hidden crimes so for Trump
to go in there and speak to this guy is
would be very very dangerous because
what Mulder will do is Muller will do a
three or four-hour interview now if
Hillary was a world-class criminal they
didn't even want to talk to it was a dog
and pony show they probably talked about
grandkids golf and yoga because that's
all any of the people doing wrong around
the Clintons seem to talk about it's
never about anything damning and the
mainstream media buys that hook line &
sinker
but Muller will go anal do a two three
four hour interview with the president
or try to get as much as he can ask him
a hundred questions a hundred questions
dozens of him hundreds if possible I
don't think I'll get that much time with
the president but Muller would love to
and then he will put a team of
investigators he will hand them a case
file like this it'll hand it to him and
they'll say go debunk every one and I
don't care if the guy said that he was
at the diner at three o'clock if he was
there at two o'clock charged him with
the process crime he lied to us and
that's what Muller is gonna do
that's what Muller is going to do Muller
is going to take the most innocuous
a lack of ability to recall and make it
a crime Muller is going to take the most
innocent Mis statement or scheduling
conflict where two cities were flipped
on two days or I had Dave Jones on the
plane not Keith Smith and he's going to
turn that into a process crime of lying
all designed to impeach Donald Trump the
Donald Trump and his lawyers could stand
off with Muller Donald Trump should say
to Muller I'm willing to talk to you but
on the advice of counsel we don't trust
you so I can't and I'm not going to talk
to my lawyers and if Muller wants to try
to subpoena the President of the United
States do it let's get this thing into
court let's make Muller put his cards on
the table and prove his true motives but
I'll tell you this I do not want the
President of the United States
testifying to Robert Muller speaking the
Robert Muller because I firmly believe
that Robert Muller is doing nothing more
than setting up a perjury trap or
impeachment if you like this really
important content as much as I love
bringing it to you please subscribe to
our premium service at www.gross.com us
keep ur in all of this you're gonna love
it
thanks so much for watching I will
definitely be back with you tomorrow
you
