Christians are being ethnically cleanse
throughout the Muslim world so why isn't
anyone talking about it why isn't anyone
doing something about it a few months
ago I traveled to northern Iraq with a
team of journalists from the rebel to
document the persecution of ancient
Christians who still pray in the old
language of aramaic jesus' language what
I found was shocking Iraqi Christians
under death threat of Isis who were
forced to flee their ancestral homes or
face death and yet the mainstream media
and Western politicians only seemed
focused on Muslim refugees who face the
horrors of war sure but there is no
religious genocide against them like
there is against Christians what we
wanted to do something about it not only
to tell the story of these Christians
but to help them too so while in Iraq we
looked for charities that were
specifically helping the Christians and
we found two really good ones that our
generous viewers donated to st. Joseph's
charity clinic a medical clinic right in
the heart of ankawa
the Christian enclave of Erbil that
helps refugees who were forced to flee
their homes with just a clothes on their
back and Samaritan's Purse who were
working on a project to rebuild the
towns the homes that were burnt and
destroyed by the Islamic state
terrorists but we did something else
something that I hope will over time
become even bigger and we made a movie
quality documentary about Iraqi
questiony Christians and their plight
here let me show you the trailer from
the movie
women don't even know about measurement
sahat inaudible super hodgepodge of
animal on the planet Anita
I knew Ghana or Tesla moon shone on
Islam
vision bubble
we are having a world premiere screening
in Toronto on February 1st there's more
screenings to come in other cities so if
you aren't in Toronto don't worry we
won't forget you will you join me and
the team who made the film including the
host and narrator of it
Jennifer Breeden On February 1st in
Toronto details are at save the
christian's calm the international
community ignores the Christian genocide
happening right before our eyes well
that ends now
following the movie there will be a Q&A
with the host of the documentary
Jennifer and the rebel team that made
the movie possible I hope to see you
there go to save the Christians calm to
find out more and to get your tickets
come to our world premiere go to save
the Christians comm for information
you
