here's the room-service menu from
Trudeau's Hotel in Davos these prices
are in Swiss francs so a hamburger cost
75 Canadian dollars I'm not making this
up I remember when we fired cabinet
ministers for drinking $16 hotel orange
juices but it's not even the money here
it's the moral vacuous Ness check this
out there's this glamorous exhibit at
Davos this year called day in the life
of refugee and it's right next to the
private limo pickup spot you see that on
the sign and just in case you thought
you could be some sort of refugee to
attend the exhibit about refugees ya
know do you see that they've got some
pretty heavy security there to keep the
refugees up they're calling for open
borders at Davos but try getting in
their borders without credentials and 85
grand you'll be deported pretty quick so
that's Davos its Trudeau's natural
habitat and he gave a speech there
yesterday I'm going to show you some of
it just so you know I mentioned the buzz
words the word salad the random words
strung together that sound so nice for
about a second until you try to
understand what they actually meant like
this so I was last here at the World
Economic Forum in 2016 a mere two months
after being sworn in as Prime Minister
now it's been two years that I've been
Prime Minister and while that might not
seem like such a long time in this new
era of perpetual change that we're
living in two years might as well be a
lifetime think about it the pace of
change has never been this fast yet it
will never be this slow again there's
enormous opportunity and enormous
potential in that realization do you
know what any of that means or are you
just having your mind blown by this
dreamy progressive man who's so unlike
stupid Donald Trump let me give you just
a little bit more I mean it's been about
30 seconds
do you remember anything he said of
course you don't he said nothing I swear
this is exactly like any of Trudeau's
shallow speeches that he would give
before he became an MP when he would
bill high schools or teachers
conventions 20 or 30 grand a pop to give
a bunch of motivational fog that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the yeas
relevant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
