I've arrived here in South Africa and
I'm about to start my experience working
living being amongst the white farmers
and to really striking things straight
away as I hit the ground firstly where I
am right now it's a gated community it's
to enable people that want to live with
other people in safety to be able to put
their children to bed at night I've just
been talking to two of them and they
live behind a wall and I think at a time
when we're building walls to keep people
out South Africa is already at a point
where it's building walls to keep people
in and there's five six dogs here as
well to act as an alarm system despite
the gates and there's also a block on
the road to stop people being allowed
onto these properties so I'm going to be
going out to meet the white farmers that
are being attacked on their land and one
of the really striking bits of
information I've had from people that
live here is that within 50 to 70 years
there'll be no more white people in
South Africa they'll all have been
chased out join me as I go to speak with
white farmers being cleansed from their
land to speak to the victims to speak to
the perpetrators and to speak to those
people who've been displaced white
people living in vast camps sprawling
camps with nowhere to go no hope and no
jobs catch up with my travels support me
at Hopkins WorldCom thank you very much
for watching join me and support me on
my travels at Hopkins WorldCom
you
