Oh Oh we're asking people ma'am about
earlier this month Oprah Winfrey had the
speech at the Golden Globes no what
about me - and time's up after her
Golden Globe speech earlier this month
certain media pundits said that Oprah
Winfrey looked downright presidential
and that maybe Miss Winfrey should
consider running for president for the
Democrats in 2020 well what a members of
generation trudeau after-dark have to
say about that one let's find out do you
think she'd be a better leader than
Donald Trump would be her greatest
attribute as president I just think she
has everything that's not a bad idea if
that's my suggestion if there was a
possibility would be Michelle Obama if
not if that was an idea I really think
the Obama administration did a good job
and was her best accomplishments er um
health care I think all mark here you
understand yes I feel like Oprah could
be good but I also feel like she speaks
to a certain community like not like
nothing else any what is that community
though well it's like the SAT Obama run
like she completely stupid that the
Americans want to keep electing
celebrities I feel that politics has
become a publicized and overly I denies
like a public standpoint celebrities
shouldn't be politicians people with
political standpoints people with
economical backgrounds and education
should be the only ones making political
decisions for their countries what about
an Oprah Winfrey Will Smith ticket
president vice president yeah
well she has to take the backseat she
might not like that well she got D love
it though I'm M it would be a little
hypocritical for her to run I mean a lot
of people were blasting Donald Trump
saying he's never had he's never run for
elected office he's just a TV
personality but the same would apply to
her though Wow
dogs Trump you look at it very smart man
if he had run the businesses as he has
in the last few years or whatever but
you look at it Oprah she's got it she's
got and dialing it back to Canada what
celebrity would you like to see run for
Prime Minister Prime Minister I don't
know I think our guy right now is doing
a great job
what's weaned is greatest achievement to
date just bringing everything in he's
young right so he's into everything that
I'm older than him so I just think he's
doing a great job I really do okay Oprah
Winfrey's the shit that means good or
the best because we we need more we need
more women in politics I'm gonna tell
you I'm why is that just because like
they just know you know I mean like men
we're a little bit too what do you say
like hot-headed you know I'm saying I
don't give a fuck to be honest I'm gonna
fuck you guys came you guys can like get
offended all you want I'll say whatever
the fuck I want to say you know I'm
saying but let me tell you something
Oprah Winfrey she's a queen I love her
she says the the truth and we need her
man what do you think her best attribute
would be in the White House what would
she bring to that office
she's Oprah like ice at this best period
period
she's Oprah
so what do you think that Oprah Winfrey
should run for president for the
Democrats in 2020 what do you think
would be the the best attribute Oprah
Winfrey would bring to the White House
Fresno there would be no discrimination
at all equality like what she said
there'll be nothing about like Mexico
black people dying every single day
because of these cops like the only
reason why they're doing is because
Donald Trump's gave them the advantage
Donald Trump's on doing anything against
them so like why would they stop to do
it cuz you're allowed to do it if Oprah
Winfrey a black woman a strong black
woman was in charge she would not let
that happen at all I strongly believe in
my heart that people should be judged
for who they are and what they show
that's all I gots all I believe in you
that meat sounded very Oprah Winfrey
like that it you are who you are and
that is it it does not it does not
surround the color that you are the race
that you are it doesn't matter past that
what you show people to be that is what
you should be judged on and not is it
like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
