Democrats could not care less about
illegal aliens daca was all a dog and
pony show for a very specific reason and
I'm gonna tell you what it is despite
all the Democrat lies and spin
Republicans won massively
in this government shutdown Dems got
nothing Republicans got all they wanted
daca was crushed but this is not about
that what I'm gonna talk about is just
how phony Democrats are the Democrats
could not care less about illegal aliens
they can't stand them Democrats don't
want illegal aliens in this country any
more than you and I do Democrats are not
these great champions of illegals now
people are gonna say especially
progressives oh my god Cardillo you
horrible human being you racist you
xenophobe Democrats and progressives are
passionate and compassionate and loving
and they care about illegals but my
question to them is if Democrats cares
so much about illegal aliens if
Democrats pick this moronic hill to die
on the daka Hill because they weren't
gonna get anywhere with a guy like
Stephen Miller advising the President on
policy analysis why then if Democrats
love illegal aliens so much why did they
pick daca now why did Democrats shut
down the government well let's go
through a couple of reasons I think
Democrats shut down the government or
gonna talk about daca and then I'm gonna
give you the proof that Democrats could
not care less about illegal aliens and
what the real reason is behind their
veronik grandstanding
let's think about when they shut the
government down was right one of the
dates right in the middle of that was
January 20th 2018 the one-year
anniversary of Trump's election Trump's
historic election from selection against
heir apparent Hillary well they didn't
wanted to celebrate I firmly believe
there was a symbolic date he knew he
wasn't gonna budge on daca like I said
doctor was a moronic Hill for the
Democrats to die on and and you'd have
to believe that Chuck Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi are so tone-deaf to anything but
their New York City and San Francisco
echo chambers and then their DC blue
echo chamber that they truly believe the
majority of America the Heartland the
south be working people care more about
illegal aliens and they do about
themselves their own families and our
service people that is just simply
unbelievable nobody would believe that
nobody would buy that and I don't
believe that Chuck Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi buy that although they might they
might they are in these echo chambers
may they start to believe their own
legend after a while but let's for a
moment let's for a moment say they don't
that they're not this tone-deaf but they
that they don't only believe they're
their own constituency which is very far
left both of theirs are very very far
left in in entrenched blue parts of the
country
why then pick Dhaka I'm gonna get there
in a sec you know another reason I think
they wanted to shut the government down
is that Democrats are terrified over
Devin Nunez his memo for what he's found
of course Devin Nunez being the chairman
of the House Select permanent Committee
on Intelligence like Committee on
Intelligence and the memo that appears
but we're learning from the leaks
appears to indicate proof that the FBI
under James call me in the DOJ under
Loretta Lynch lied to the FISA Court
they lied to the federal uh the federal
intelligence surveillance court and use
the unverified and salacious as James
Comey called it Steele dossier who
obtained FISA warrants the weaponize
Department of Justice and FBI against
the Trump campaign on behalf of the
Hillary campaign they didn't want that
memo to come out so shutting down the
government and pointing it Republicans
and saying look at how terrible
Republicans are they control the White
House the House and the Senate and they
still can't keep the government open I'm
gonna get to either
important in a moment Democrats wanted
to try to paint Republicans in a bad
light but it backfired we're starting to
see I didn't see now very slowly I was
at a political meeting last night with a
GOP political meeting there are a couple
of Democrat operatives in the room
closed-door meeting Democrats are very
nervous they admitted it they said we're
starting to see Democratic voters switch
their registration now not enough to be
statistically provable more anecdotal
but in very blue places and it's because
of frustration frustration that or the
perception that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer caved now in fairness to them
they didn't cave they're not in the
might and they're not in the majority
they're in the minority it didn't have
any leverage the only leverage they
thought they had was illegal aliens over
Americans and our troops and now going
into the February debate on the same
issue they have zero leverage
Republicans got their continuing
resolution the government is funded what
leverage the Democrats have now they
have no economic message they voted
against one of the greatest economic
booms in American history they voted
against Dow at 26,000 Nasdaq at 7,000
eight trillion dollar increase in market
value and in our markets that's
redundant what is what it is four
trillion dollars for Patriot to the
hands of Americans and American
businesses bonuses Apple making a 350
million dollar investment creating
22,000 jobs other country companies
doing the same that's what Democrats
voted against they have no economic
message right Democrats in California
are so enraged that Americans actually
were allowed to keep more of their own
money that they're proposing to double
the California state income tax Oh
California to see a tax rate of around
70 to 80 percent
goodbye California
the Democrats no they have no message
there they have no national security
message or national security messages
and leaves your board open let him as 13
and the drug cartels come across the
border and by the way be like Obama be
the doormat of the world will trump
disprove that Obama called Isis a
generational problem Trump crushed them
in nine months the Democrats no longer
have a national security message because
that's been debunked they don't have a
domestic security message because they
they coddle black lives matter in the
murderers of police officers like Mumia
abu-jamal and Joanne Chesimard aka
Assata Shakur so they have no domestic
security message Thai immigration into
that they have no message for Americans
who are now enjoying populism and
nationalism we're enjoying the America
first make America great again agenda
we're enjoying it because they're
getting those thousand dollar $2,000
$2,500 bonuses because their taxes are
lower because they're able to keep more
of their own money
Democrats have no message so why did
they rest on the daka Hill or should die
on the docket because they need the
votes that's all this is about they need
the votes they need amnesty for 12
million illegals they need a path to
citizenship for $800,000 recipients they
need the votes or Republicans should do
is say okay well negotiate on daca what
we're negotiating going in with you
understanding one thing Democrats daca
recipients will never be citizens the
best will ever give him is a green card
they can never vote for you do you still
want him and Democrats won't want him
and how do I know this where's the proof
well under Barack Obama Democrats
controlled the White House the House of
Representatives in the Senate and Barack
Obama Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid they
did not introduce her pass one
meaningful piece of legislation for
illegal aliens Democrats controlled
White House the House and the Senate
like they ran through Obamacare they
could have rammed through amnesty for 12
million illegal they could have rammed
through path to citizenship and amnesty
for all the daca recipients they didn't
do it why not they didn't need them they
had power they controlled all three
houses while they controlled the White
House the house in the Senate he didn't
need the illegals but now that they
don't control anything now that
Republicans have the white house the
house in the
and Democrats need the illegals votes
and now all of a sudden illegal aliens
have become critically important that's
all it's about
they are nothing more than votes for
Democrats and when Democrats if
Democrats were in power right now they
would not do a thing to help illegals it
would leave them out there they would
ignore them they wouldn't deport them
because they know they vote illegally
for Democrats but now Democrats saw that
even with that voter fraud and we all
know there's voter fraud with that voter
fraud it still wasn't enough to keep
them in power now they are panicked and
because they have no economic message
they have no domestic security message
they have no domestic economic message
they have no national security message
no global security message no global or
national or domestic prosperity message
all they can rest on are thank you votes
from illegals to remain in power despite
what the heavily Democratic leaning
polls say
those same poles told us that Hillary
Clinton was 92 percent more likely to
win the presidency than Donald Trump
Oh forgive me for not believed in the
polls and that's all this was ever about
it was only about votes for Democrats it
was only about the perception that
Democrats will help illegals to try to
garner votes from the families of
illegals oh these people should remember
again and I can't say it enough when the
Democrats controlled the White House the
House representatives in the Senate they
did nothing they did absolutely nothing
for illegal aliens because they could
not care less Democrats could not care
less about illegal aliens if you like
this content if you find it as important
as I do and if you enjoy it as much as I
enjoy bringing it to you please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.joeygunz.com ro
