I'm here at the Edmonton law courts
covering the West Edmonton Mall Syrian
refugee sexual assault trial and I'm
bringing you details you won't find
anywhere in the mainstream media it's
day two of this minimum five-day trial
thirty nine year old father of six
Syrian refugee solomon hajj suleman
is facing trial for 12 counts six counts
of sexual interference and another six
counts of sexual assault against six
minor victims all girls under the age of
16 from an incident at Edmonton's world
waterpark wave pool hajj suleman
supporters have dwindled from
yesterday's 10 down to just two likewise
with the media presence it's dwindled
down from roughly four off-and-on
yesterday to just myself and one other
reporter yesterday's 14 year old alleged
victim continued her direct testimony we
also have had our first glimpse of the
series of events that led up to the
arrest of the accused solomon hajj
suleman the alleged victim testified
that a group of girls spoke to two
lifeguards
she said the other girls identified a
man quickly leaving the pool for the
change room as the man who had touched
them she said the man that touched her
was wearing the exact same shorts as the
man the girls talking to the lifeguards
had pointed out and the alleged victim
also testified that she was surprised to
find out that what had happened to her
had also happened to so many other girls
at the water park that day at one point
during the morning the young girl came
out from behind the identity obscuring
screen to identify the accused sitting
as at the defense table as the man who
had touched her in the wave pool that
day the girl spent the rest of the
morning under cross-examination from the
defense who tried to call into question
her identification of the accused the
defense also tried to use the alleged
victims own words against her she had
earlier testified under direct
examination
chin by the crown that she had thought
the touching at first was an accident
unintentional contact caused by the
motion of the waves in the pool now
we've got another witness another minor
alleged victim up on the stand this
afternoon and we've been told we will
also see her videotaped statement taken
at the zebra child protection center
reporting from the Edmonton law courts
I'm Sheila gun read for the rebel dot
media I'm in the courtroom all week
covering the West Edmonton Mall Syrian
refugee sexual assault trial to never
miss an update be sure to become a rebel
subscriber today
you
