would it make sense for a colleges
Democratic Club to have a president who
supported Trump what about having a
hunter in charge of a vegan Club these
are questions attorneys representing
Jewish and Christian students are asking
after the University of Iowa D
recognized a Christian group on campus
let's take a look the University of Iowa
D recognized its business leaders in
Christ student group B's the club
wouldn't let a student who refused to
follow its mission statement run for a
leadership position you see officers of
business leaders in Christ must avoid
any sexual activity outside of marriage
between a man and a woman a gay student
complained that the group was
discriminating against him based on his
sexual orientation after he refused to
follow this rule and was prohibited from
running for office the university agreed
and D recognized the group stripping it
of its school funding the school said
when a voluntary student organization
chooses to become a registered student
organization it must adhere to the
admission of the University the UI's
policies and procedures and all local
state and federal laws but first of all
was an even discrimination based on
sexuality if a straight student didn't
agree to abstinence before marriage he
or she wouldn't have been eligible for
leadership either this seems more like
discrimination based on lifestyle choice
and it's also a battle for religious
freedom business leaders in Christ is
now suing the school with support from
the Chabad Jewish Students Association
as well as some other Christian groups
because personnel is policy any
organization dedicated to advancing a
particular cause must ensure that those
who lead it are actually committed to
that cause set Alliance defending
freedom the group representing the
students for religious student groups
their faith is the basis of their
mission and forms their institutional
identity the University of Iowa's also
got to understand that freedom of
association is either all or nothing
state law in the school's human rights
policy also forbid discrimination on the
basis of gender but the school still has
women's volleyball and men's football
teams the school's decision resembles
Harvard University's decision to impose
punishments for students who join single
gender groups like frats and sororities
both actions have dismantled groups that
students have found vital to their
development as young adults but what do
you guys think are the students guilty
of discrimination based on sexual
orientation
or is the University of Iowa guilty of
violating the students First Amendment
rights for campus unmasked I'm Rob
schrab shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
