well the class is about astronomy is
about the stars and Islam is about the
Stars the Quran is about to start
there's a book of the stars as a book of
love it is the book of life that was
James mashburn a professor at Tarrant
County College he scared students when
he showed up to astronomy class with his
face covered demanded the lights stay
off and started ranting about Islam he
apparently wouldn't leave his balcony
for an interview but here's what he had
to say are you aware that you scared
some of those students well you wouldn't
show your face and you were talking more
about my show their faces in many
countries they do not show their faces
well here in America we tend to usually
show our face when we're a professor at
a college that's typically the standard
well mashburn might have to answer that
standard because Tarrant County College
suspended him and is launching an
investigation but what point is this guy
trying to make wearing two caps a hood
and what seems to be underwear on his
face and reading Quran verses to a solar
system class so when you interviewed
with Tarrant County College to get this
job did you explain to them your
teaching philosophy keep it secret I
keep it safe I do my best but I am tired
of hiding in the shadows you're tired of
hiding in the shadows so you turn the
lights off in class and deck yourself
out like an assassin I mean that's not
even any kind of traditional Muslim garb
all but two of Mashburn's students left
class before it ended let's hear from
one of the students who left I was only
in the class for five minutes because he
kept messing with his pockets and you
could tell there was an object in the in
the right hand pocket and whenever he
went to code pull out his hand I had
already started having this really bad
feeling I jumped up I jumped up and ran
out the classroom police didn't find any
weapons on the professor so maybe he was
just messing around in his pocket
as for the layers of clothing Mashburn
said that he follows the Quran and
washes his skin several
times a day his skin has become dry so
he covers it for protection well that
could be true and we wouldn't want his
hands to crack although that might not
be the only type of crack the professor
has Mashburn previously tried to
incorporate Islam into his lectures at
the University of wisconsin-milwaukee I
tried so hard he said they took me away
too mentioned a gun into my home and I
flew away into the night why I wanted to
show the Stars to the class in my own
way said the professor I wanted to read
from the book in my own way I just want
I just got a little lost I just needed
someone else to hear and follow along
well don't worry Mashburn I'm sure they
don't leave guests all alone at the
asylum for campus unmasked I'm Rob Jim
Shaw if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
