congressional Republicans are up in arms
about new information that appears to
confirm that Oni verified information in
the steel dossier was used to obtain
FISA warrants on Team Trump presumably
to help Hillary Clinton's failed
presidential bid this is some pretty
groundbreaking stuff if true and
prominent Republicans like Mark Meadows
Matt Gaetz of Mike Conaway from Texas
are essentially saying that they've now
seen information and the list goes on
and on representative Lee Zeldin in New
York and a host of others they're out
there on social media I'm actually
pointing to my screens I'm looking at
Twitter and more and more Republicans
are now coming out and saying that this
information must be released so here's
the backstory
congressional Republicans on the House
Select Committee on Intelligence
apparently saw information that
confirmed that proved that the steel
dossier the unverified information in
that dossier was used to obtain FISA
warrants now this is as egregious as it
gets when you have a federal law
enforcement agency and in this case to
DOJ and FBI and the National Security
Agency and CIA could have been involved
in this with a surveillance piece when
you have the intelligence community and
federal law enforcement agencies acting
not on evidence not on a confidential
informant not on an investigation but
acting on a piece of political
opposition research paid for by allies
of Hillary Clinton and paid for we now
know by the Clinton campaign through
their law firm Perkins Coie the effusion
GPS when you have that biased piece of
political opposition research being used
as the basis for FISA warrants for
secret warrants to surveil and that
surveillance is broad
cell phone calls landline calls emails
social media postings direct messages
all kinds of things can be obtained
under those warrants that is a
constitutional crisis and probably the
worst political scandal in American
history
now whatever these representatives saw
whatever these members of Congress saw
has them alarmed at the point where a
hashtag is now trending hashtag release
the memo they want to release
information to the public about what
they saw now the way this all went down
was mark Meadows representative mark
Meadows a member of the freedom caucus
originally saw this and what we're told
is that he went and spoke to speaker
Paul Ryan and said look all House
members need to see this all House
members need to see it it's this bad
Paul Ryan said well that's up to Devin
Nunez the chairman of the Intelligence
Committee I'll defer to whatever his
decision on it this is under his purview
his investigation Devin Nunez agreed to
release at all House members well when
other Republican House members those
that that weren't on the Intelligence
Committee that weren't privy to it
initially saw it they agreed this is one
of the worst things they'd ever seen
with regards to the integrity of our
electoral process and the integrity of
our government so now they're calling
for it to be released to the public
they're saying that the probative value
that what what they've seen in this
document public disclosure of this
document outweighs any national security
concerns that's how bad it is
now what's even more telling is that
Democrats are dead silent on what they
saw all the suspected leakers like Adam
Schiff and Ted Lou and in Eric's wall
well are dead silent they're leaking
nothing on the contents of what they saw
which is very telling right it tells us
that in all probability knowing their
empirical history of leaking when things
are look good for Dems or Muller's
investigation or or allegations of Trump
Rush occlusion though they're willing to
leak things out of context to paint that
picture but whatever information was
just viewed by Congress appears to be so
damning to Democrats so damning it teems
Obama and Hillary and their various
agencies who are involved that were
involved that they're not leaking it and
that's one of the most telling things to
me when one of the the loudest
statements is in what we're not hearing
and what we're not hearing so let me
read you a couple of the statements that
I'm going to read you
Adam Schiff crybaby Adam Schiff said
representative Matt Gaetz from Florida
Matt Gaetz is outstanding I knew him
when he was a young legislator here in
Florida he was great then he's great now
he said the report must be released to
preserve our democracy representative
Ron De Santis from Florida an attorney
by the way a military jag officer who
was a Jag officer deployed the special
operation Joint Special Operations
Command this is a guy who knows all
there is to know about the handling of
classified information and the way the
FISA process should work representative
Brian De Santis is not running for
governor of Florida said the report is
quote deeply troubling and said the
Intelligence Committee should dust off a
little used process to reveal classified
information publicly in order to show
the public how bad it is representative
Lee Zeldin from New York said the report
would reveal FISA abuse he said quote
releasing this classified information
will not compromise good sources and
methods it will however reveal the feds
reliance on bad sources and methods and
many of us will analyze this take
representative Selden statement Zeldin
statement Ameen that they used the
unverified dossier the dossier that
James Comey even called salacious and
unverified now a source familiar with
the discussions between and this is
where I got the information is a
political story between the leader of
the freedom caucus mark meadows and
House leadership ed meadows asked Paul
Ryan to authorize a vote on releasing
the report and Ryan deferred to chairman
Nunez of the Intelligence
now let me read you what representative
Adam Schiff the guy who's long suspected
of being the worst leaker in Congress
said a guy was absolutely absolutely
hysterical over this memo Adam Schiff uh
said well the majority voted today on a
party-line basis to grant House members
access to a profoundly misleading set of
set of talking points drafted by
Republican staff attacking the FBI and
its handling of the investigation rife
with factual inaccuracies and
referencing highly classified materials
that most of the Republican intelligence
committee members are forced to
acknowledge they had never read this is
man only to give republican house
members a distorted view of the FBI
well representative chef if it's so
phony if the information is as you say
rife with factual inaccuracies release
it release it look if I thought
information was so flawed so tainted I'd
release it so I could have a field day
debunking it no representative chef if
you're not terrified of the information
which you clearly are that's why you're
not leaking contents and you're going
off on these red herring tangents trying
to smear those releasing it and trying
to discredit the information before it
drops why not drop it why not have it
released so you can debunk it point by
point I suspect it's because Democrats
can't debunk it because it's that
damning now in a Daily Caller piece
representative Gaetz went on to say I
believe there are people who will go to
jail over this report
I this is what Matt Gaetz said he said
to Hannity boat I think that this will
not end with firings just with firings I
believe there are people who will go to
jail
I was very persuaded by the evidence and
it also became clear to me why Chuck
Grassley and and Lindsey Graham felt
it's so important to refer this matter
for criminal prosecution you don't get
to undermine our country undermine our
elections and then simply get fired so I
think there will be current criminal
implications here and we have to
underscore the point that you and Jim
Jordan just made this is uh this is mind
blowing stuff now we know it's to steal
dossier right because chuck Grassley and
Lindsey Graham specifically referenced
Christopher Steele the guy who won
compiled dossier when they sent that
referral letter to Department of Justice
saying they felt because of what they
saw that there should be a criminal
investigation in Christopher Steele and
Matt Gaetz goes on to say quote what are
the Democrats so afraid of why don't
they want the American people to know
the truth about what was going on with
the government how that impacted the
president his transition his campaign it
just seems interesting to me that
Democrats don't want us to know that the
entire basis and in the first place for
the Muller well he said actually it
seems interesting to me that Democrats
don't want us to know what the entire
basis was in the first place or the
Muller probe they want to drag this out
for the midterm elections to try to
embarrass this president and distract
this Congress from the critical wake
work yeah work we do to save this great
country I'm so fired up reading this I
stumble over my words he's right what
are Democrats afraid of and and why is
this now not being being considered by
legal experts well it is but but I mean
by the the honest ones it is but not by
the dishonest one good ones like Andrew
McCarthy well this is a classic fruits
of the poisonous tree situation a simple
legal concept where if the the thing
that started your investigation was
flawed a a lie an illegal wiretap a
confidential informant placed in knew a
network without the proper approvals or
a confidential informant who lied about
what they found out that means
everything else that Springs off of that
root is poisonous
so it's fruit to the poisonous tree if
you're
route was contaminated everything that
Springs from the growth is contaminated
so if the Muller investigation jumped
off because of a contaminated dossier a
dossier collected in a manner that would
would possibly necessitate criminal
charges against the guy who compiled it
then and Muller's investigation is
tainted
Muller's entire investigation is then
tainted and and it's a classic fruits of
the poisonous tree situation
nothing cleaned from Muller's
investigation to be able to be used of
the plea convictions of Papadopoulos in
general Flynn should be reversed because
the investigation was started on
terrible information and if it turns out
that the FISA warrants were corrupted it
never should have been issued in the
first place this is it really is a
scandal and possibly like I said the
worst scandal in American political
history this is extremely important
content and I want to bring it to you
every day both here on off the coffee
and on my new hour-long show off the
cuff Declassified you should check it
out you're gonna love it so please
subscribe to our premium service at wwww
forward slash shows you're already a
subscriber thank you very very much you
have a great weekend
thanks for watching I'll be back with
you on Monday
