900 of these border crossers who just
marched across they were subject to
what's called removal orders by US
authorities so these are folks who had
already had their day in court so to
speak they were ordered out and of those
900 only six were deported can you
that's what The Globe and Mail reports
can you speak a little bit to those
stats
well we're mixing apples and oranges
here which is what's dangerous and I
think Bill Blair got himself into a lot
of trouble by not really understanding
what's going on first of all we're not
really necessarily concerned at all with
the number of arrivals here who have us
removal orders makes no difference they
they look the same as everybody else was
coming here so the fact that they had
been ordered removed from the United
States only tells us that they may have
had they may have gone through the
entire refugee process but that is note
of no consequence to us whoever is
coming to our border from the United
States in at a place other than a proper
port of entry is entitled to make a
refugee claim whether they have a us
removal order or whether they've already
made a u.s. refugee claim and so what's
striking about the comment from Bill
Blair who is supposed to be our border
security minister is the fact that he
believed even for a moment that most of
the people who've arrived are gone which
means he doesn't really understand that
this process of two or three year
process now because of the backlogs that
have been created by the open border so
for him to even utter that even
momentarily it clearly tells me that
he's not familiar with what's happening
once people get into Canada he's
confused one statistic that is
irrelevant to what we were doing here in
Canada well let me speak to that other
statistic because I take your point and
thank you for the education what I've
just learned from you is even if
someone's ordered out of America that
doesn't necessarily bind Canada's
decision but let me if I understand you
correctly Guinea but let me refer to
another stat in the globe and again I'm
relying on them
because that was the subject of the the
quarrel in Parliament there
let me I'm just going to quote a little
bit from the globe and give me first
what you tell me if the globe is
accurate and then second all I'd like
your thoughts on this the globe says the
overall number of asylum seekers who
have been deported or removed from
Canada also remains low since early 2017
that's really when the flood started
more than 34,000 asylum seekers have
crossed into Canada through unofficial
points to date only 398 or about 1% of
being removed so that's not subject to
us the deportation orders remove lawyers
that's just every one 34,000 in and only
398 booted out is that accurate
that's another percent accurate in terms
of anecdotally what I can tell you that
should that should be about right and
and the minister should have known that
he should have known that it's a
miniscule percentage that have actually
been removed now what actually happens
in Canada is when they come from the
states and they arrive in Canada they
get a Canadian removal order okay we're
not top of the US any more time at the
Canadian removal or that removal order
really doesn't help us very much because
the person has a refugee claim so that
removal order cannot be executed until
the refugee claim is finished but we
know now that's going to take two or
three years so the minister really
should have known that in the last year
or two we've allowed in 30 35,000 people
who are sitting around and virtually no
one's had a hearing it so it's
impossible for them to have been removed
at the numbers that he thought we were
removing them so the 300 number sounds
right to me for sure that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra Levin show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel on media slash
shows
you
