so it's Friday happy Friday Friday fatwa
right across our country right now
millions of Muslims are bending over
praying in their mosques and I'm going
to go through some stories which come as
a result of them following that faith in
those mosques let me start and piers
morgan piers hello piers Hayden if
you're watching this piers when I went
on the piers morgan show okay we all
remember what happened we'll get to in a
bit but we had a young British woman who
converted to Islam she's from Harrow she
said every time growing up no she didn't
convert to Islam she was born a Muslim
Bangladeshi every time she tried to
follow a Western life she wanted to grow
up to be a young English woman but every
time she tried to step in or follow a
Western life she was shamed by her
community because it's completely Haram
her words not mine
everything she tried to do that was
Western was her and so she had not gone
on a dating web site for other Muslims
she met this lovely man from America in
Texas who was an American convert to
Islam they started talking about jihad
he has gone on to become one of the
world's leading Isis fighters
she left the UK with him if I go through
the story they met up in Texas they come
back to the UK from Syria they went to
Syria first 2004 she comes back to the
UK because she's having a baby of course
use the NHS use our system she
disappears again
skies want to have four children okay
now they traveled together India and
when Isis explodes they traveled to join
Isis she then leaves and she escapes to
Turkey with her four children but her
husband dropped her off to leave which
is quite strange anyway but he's still
out there fighting for Isis she goes out
she leaves she heads back to Texas to be
with his family
she's left Islam okay she's on speaking
to Piers Morgan she's now a reformed
character let's play what she says yeah
I wasn't extremist I was one of them
I'm a former extremists when I
understand the minds of extremists and I
know how to dear addict lies to I I can
help these people with is just like they
get indoctrinated you can be unand
oxygenated it's just take some
reeducation and a little bit of empathy
goes a long ways so what do you believe
what do you believe what do you believe
the Koran tells you now
so his peers asked him what do you
believe the Koran says now leaving in
one stage so he's fully expecting her to
say something quite nice I think it's a
terrible book now what's the difference
should peers act the same way he did
with me he would write now say so some
damn respect and he would also go on to
tell her she's a bigot but let's see if
he treats a brown lady differently - he
treats a white man
I think the Quran is I think the corn
was written by a man who believed he was
a prophet but he had an older wife he
was 15 years older that pushed the ID
onto him he probably had epilepsy
because he had a lot of seizures he was
a merchant and he interacted with
neighboring religions from all over the
region of the Middle East and to India
and Rome oh you know I was curious about
religion too so I wanted to read the
Quran and when I read it I you know I
took it for what it said and I was like
oh I didn't realize that I didn't know
my religion very well until I read the
Quran so when she read the Quran she
took it for what is said which was and
it did advocate you heard and it did
advocate fighting the non-believers oh
why the non-believers were imagine that
oh god it's not like we've tried saying
that anyone else has tried saying that
but yes my point in this video is simply
here's his treatment of her he didn't
scream her he didn't call her a bigger
or fascist or anything of the such
because she's a brown lady I'm a white
now and he let her rip on me so some
down respect people's religion
please but this woman now is actually
living in Texas she wants to advocate
against extremism to be honest I find it
she says there's a way out
you can unand Optra nate people that
doesn't work that's not working in our
prison system the numbers showed the
statistic showed themselves you're not
able to dear addict lies you're not able
to reintegrate you want to reintegrate
people who weren't integrated into a
society anyway she fell in love okay she
fell in love she went out to fight with
Isis for her husband so Donald Trump to
travel back Donald Trump stopping people
coming in from seven predominantly
Muslim countries well the Department of
Homeland Security and the top part man
of Justice have just released that more
than 70% of terror related convicts in
the United States are foreign-born more
than 70% in that instance if you did
have a Muslim ban or an Islamic ban 70%
of the people who were haven't been done
for terrorism would not have been
allowed into that country now America's
job is to protect the American people
first and foremost that's one step they
should go to to protect them that would
protect them when you read the actual
numbers when you meet the numbers ninety
thousand seventeen alone two and a half
thousand people on the American
watchlist for terrorism attempted to
enter America shown a thousand people in
that one year attempted to tailor
America but they were refused these
would be some of the people who when
they were refused all the left or the
Democrats all the Socialists all the
media went mad about how unfair is how
unfair it is that Donald Trump is
attempting to protect the American
people from jihad yes
completely unfair that's a statistic
that's a fact majority of terrorists in
America are from outside they're
foreign-born stop laying them in another
territorial happening right now in
Britain they're happening every day
every single day across our country
another terror trial big bed was among
the terror targets okay
not just big bed now this man who's been
arrested who's charged with terrorism he
was a schoolteacher okay
he worked in a school teaching religion
teaching Islam of course but we're told
these people don't understand Islam but
this man was a teacher of Islam he
taught the local mosque
he taught everywhere okay now he's been
charged because he's on listening
devices they heard him saying I want a
target in Westminister I want to target
in Stratford he wants to plan these
complete terrorist attacks guess what
his targets were have you heard about
this did you know there was another
planned attempt to murder and blow up
being this Defense League
we had one when I was leading the
English Defence League where six Muslims
were sent to prison they were sending us
a 28 to 30 years and they were caught
with guns bombs IEDs and suicide notes
this man his targets were English
Defence League or priam first this is
when you have to think about the
situation with Paul golden and Jada
Frandsen okay think about the police are
putting them in a situation with these
bogus call cases and these trumped-up
charges now Paul golden has to sign in
the police station at a certain time on
a certain day every week I know when it
is it took me 10 minutes to find out
which means this jihadi who wants to
kill Paul Golding by the sounds of it by
the police reports okay it take him 10
minutes to fire a triple golden is he
can then go down and kill him
the police and the government are
putting people on our side of the fence
and who are fighting our cause they're
putting their life's in danger their
lives are being put in danger which is
on and then mr. hack who's a religious
teacher okay he was a little religious
teacher at a normal school on Islamic
school and normal school he was showing
the children terrorists we get to where
it is publications he was disseminating
terrorist publications at the lantern of
knowledge secondary school in London now
where did he work Roux where would he
recruited people because there's four
people on charge where would he
recruited God have a guess it couldn't
be the mosque because most have nothing
to do this yes it was the mosque okay he
got his pals from the mosque where he
was going and four of them are now on
terrorist charges for planning to blow
us all up
is that MA still operating unchallenged
yes is with the local Labour councillors
and MPs still speak very highly of that
glowing centre of moderation of course
they would of course they would because
they'll be voted back in by the people
who attend
that mosque one I the mad thing is a lot
of people this goes under their noses
you have to realize just how bad the
situation is how many terror attacks are
being planned how many people are being
arrested for terrorism what their
targets were Parvez offering to intended
targets for Shia Muslims sectarian
conflict on our streets banks in the
city London Parliament foreign embassies
media stations he wanted a blow every
finger luckily our security services
stopped him he's on trial let's have a
look another one one more case this week
up to Leeds Leeds is the same city where
we've just had if you've been watching
our support they've campaign same city
where this poor Beverly was fired for
daring to post anything critical in any
way of Islam yeah well maybe if she to
post this I wonder what your dad to say
husband blood she's his Muslim convert
wife to death after she ditched her
Islamic clothes this lady converted to
Islam got over Muslim had children with
him and then decided I got bored of it
and wanted to dress normally again no
Western clothes
what did he do he enlisted a couple of
our Muslim friends and he butchered her
to death with a claw hammer then he set
fire to her body in a mattress now has
her death got anything to do with Islam
is it just a domestic or is it because
he went against her Islamic beliefs she
went against the Islamic Islam's beliefs
and teachings and for that in what
Muslims would describe as honor violence
she has been murdered pretty young girl
looker so and this is a point where and
he goes and I met him all throughout my
life in Luton and he goes who are then
getting a Muslim boy be excited by it
all and oh it's all a bit exciting
because I got cut nice cars and the
grooming process which even this
grooming process and that just happened
to children happens to women I speak to
seek charities all the time who are
dealing with this with elder women
they've still been groomed
they've still been brainwashed they're
still going for a process but yeah
Sinead wood inks one way or Islamic name
was but axe
Ali was today found guilty of the murder
and his pal
Yasmin Ahmed espouse a lady female lady
a Muslim lady there's a Muslim lady whom
he he got involved to help him kill what
can get rid of the body could obviously
a Muslim lady with a fort is justified
because she's well she's not wearing a
hijab is she so that's just could do
this it's the press in knowing the
stories of what's happening in our
countries and that so many people are
oblivious to the effects these are all
of these things I've just spoke to about
all of them are the effects Islam brings
and let's end this on hadith of the week
hadith for the week thieves are the
sayings and teachings of the Prophet
Mohammed these are taken very seriously
by Muslims okay and I do this each week
to just show people just how ridiculous
this is
this scripture this belief in Allah and
Mohammed how ridiculous backwards the
whole thing is okay the Prophet says
this isn't a rated by even as a busser
the Prophet said if anyone of you on
having sexual relations with your wife
said and he must say it before starting
in the name of Allah o Allah protect us
from Satan and protect what you bestow
upon us by either coming of offspring
the babies you then it is destined that
they should have a child then Satan will
never be able to harm that offspring so
picture this right across our country
before Muslims have sex with their wives
they hold their hands up in the air in
the air okay if you're a female she's
not going to turn you off
our Allah our Allah protect us from
Satan and protect us what you must stop
on us then they jump on and get involved
you lunatics absolute lunatics but if
any of you ever hear if you live next
door to Muslims you hear o Allah our
Allah and you're concerned don't worry
they're just about to get Judy thank you
for joining us and thank you for
supporting us annotates opportunity
again to say thank you to everyone who's
supporting this show who's supporting
our ability to get out leg out and about
find the news and bringing
stories thank you our videos are free
for everybody anywhere to watch but
they're not free to make we have a
studio we have a camera crew we have
editors we have security I'm asking for
your help to keep us on the air
