the left is furious
someone made more money than someone
else that someone's agent made a better
contract than someone else is insuring
they would get more money and they are
most furious that someone is the
highest-paid actor in the world this
year but somehow that has nothing to do
with higher wages because really it is
about sexism the patriarchy or something
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood oh
if you thought the getti family had
drama wait till you hear about the set
of all the money in the world because
they are getting thrown to the wolves
because of rampant and unbridled sexism
Sony and imperative entertainment put
out a fire for this Oscar buzz movie by
forking out money to reshoot all the
scenes with Kevin Spacey who is now
living as a gay man for acting legend
Christopher Plummer who is not living as
a gay man and thankfully Christopher
Plummer did a wonderful job in the movie
so there are the woods right no thanks
for looking pretty good for the
production team especially after the
nominations came through from Golden
Globes that included Michelle Williams
as lead actress and Christopher Plummer
for his performance who is not living
his game at and before you knew the
drama do you know who Michelle Williams
is tonight or didn't and Michelle
Williams is a wonderful actress I loved
her performance in Manchester by the sea
but is she a big draw have you heard of
Mark Wahlberg probably Mark Wahlberg
corded floors was the top paid actor in
the world in 2017 he is literally big in
China when he made it in China your name
actor which also means you will get very
good contracts here's where the drama
ensues Michelle Williams let it be known
that she was paid the sag minimum for
these reshoots to get rid of Kevin
Spacey who's now living as a gay man
however she was paid the minimum after
she was already paid as a lead actress
for the entire shoot of the film however
Mark Wahlberg's contract did not include
reshoots so after taking a huge pay cut
to be in the movie and doing all the
reshoot scenes with Christopher Plummer
because most of his scenes were with
paul Getty his agent negotiated a new
contract where you get paid 1.5 million
a lot more in the sag minimum and keep
in mind his agent is also based on the
character Ari
from Entourage so you can see how this
guy would whip up a lot of money for his
client however when this pay gap
disparity was released to the public
the vultures came like the Getty
children to grab their pound of flesh
from the most bankable actor in the
world Pastor Mark Wahlberg was
criticized up and down for getting the
money for the film
he'd been donated the 1.5 million to the
mean tune campaign and wants to fight
for equal pay this really kind of freaks
me out because not everyone is worth the
same amount of money we need to get this
socialist Marxist mentality out of our
heads
I wonder people shrill when Jennifer
Lawrence was the highest-paid actress in
the world in 2015 and 2016 going second
only to Robert Downey jr. who was
getting paid ridiculous amounts of money
for Ironman
maybe her co-stars just start a campaign
arguing about equal pay all these men in
the movie and women getting paid way
less than Jennifer Lawrence for all
those projects we should start a
campaign for equal pay and just look at
Olivia Munn who's complaining about her
salary in oceans 8 an all-female cast
movie that is being remade from Ocean's
eleven but when you are a name draw like
Julia Roberts you can get paid 25
million dollars for Mona Lisa's smile
what about for money that was than her
male co-stars there's really just no end
to this mentality and it is easy just to
take a shot at someone like Mark
Wahlberg who's a straight white male it
is a dangerous mentality it is a selfish
self entitled sense of self that
permeates into life into work and into
movies it's the left and until we accept
that some people are better than others
and should be compensated accordingly
and that these businesses these movies
that are investing millions and millions
and millions of dollars who are paying
out millions and millions of million
dollars to their employees are simply
putting people in the films that will
get the draw that we want to see which
is why Jennifer Lawrence was paid so
much and if we don't get that through
our heads well social Marxism becomes
political Marxism very very quickly I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood if you
like this video and others like it
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you'll have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
