there's there's a very shortly from
intelligence investigations to law
enforcement and I don't know why there's
such a taboo to say okay if you live in
Somalia it might not be an ideologue it
might just be that farmer going about
his business but if you see something
say something
we could apply that locally if we tried
we try to apply that globally all of a
sudden we're xenophobes which is
horrible and idiotic and I think the
other thing to point out and and the
Somali community in America has provided
more jihadists traveling overseas by a
massive percentage than any other
community so it's it's fair like you say
to look at them the other piece of it is
we need to really remember as a country
that what worked and you mentioned a
couple immigrant groups that caught
quite a lot of bigotry and hatred when
they came Italians and Irish we're just
abused when they first came to the
country okay that's basically whatever
god I'm the grandson of an immigrant my
grandmother came over on a boat from
Sweden we didn't catch quite as much
crap I don't I guess maybe it's the
Swedish nice thing but whatever it is
when you come to the country the first
thing you need to be looking at is I'm
an American now at first therefore I may
have cultural affiliations I may have
you know relatives in the old country
whatever you have great don't lose those
but do remember that now your allegiance
literally is to the United States first
that's right not to anything else you
can have your guy okay we're not going
to take anybody's gods away for Drake
but when you talk about earthly
affiliations your allegiances to the
United States so act like it
assimilate learn a language and decide
that if there are people who are doing
things that are detrimental to all of us
see something say something
well that's like you said yeah you know
that look my grandfather but I was I'm
kind of an anomaly and that all my
grandparents were born here in the US
and a couple of my great-grandparents
were born here but my grandfather my
mother's father his parents are both
born in Italy and they came here and
they had a pretty successful business
before the Great Depression but one of
my great-grandfather's rules was you're
not allowed to speak Italian in the
house and you're not allowed to speak
Italian out with your friends who also
speak Italian you're in
America who assimilate you need to have
an accent free your English needs to be
accent free because that's the only way
you're gonna thrive it's the only way
you're gonna be able to bring this
business to the next level and there was
that that desire to be American than me
Italian immigrants the Irish immigrants
the Swedish back then they never would
have engaged in rallies and waved flags
saying make America Italy again waving
the Italian flag I mean what we're
seeing today from the Mexicans is
disgraceful and it was a different
mindset with regards to assimilation
back then yeah and and it's become
demonized now you know the left has
decided that America must pay for its
sins and because anything ever happened
that was less than optimal we must no
longer be proud of America that's not
why people want to come here all right
the people here with their liberal guilt
are not emblematic of the immigrants
they say should not like America so we
should encourage this we should tell
people be proud yes come here bring your
skills bring your quality and bring your
culture right and then use your culture
we want the food we want the interesting
music we want all that stuff we just
want you to go ahead and be part of this
culture be part of the melting pot which
incidentally is no longer the metaphor
of the day be part of America and then
what we'll do for you is all those
things that made some of those countries
bleep holes will no longer apply to you
here what a blissful thing for everybody
well is it merit-based
immigration about the least racist and
least xenophobic concept no matter who
you are no matter where you're from if
you have something to add we want you
yeah and you know what the funny thing
is the the left its likes to tell us we
should be like other countries they like
to tell us we should have Scandinavian
health care but they hate the fact when
we bring up Australia and it's
merit-based immigration program because
somehow they honestly John it's the fact
that they don't want equality of
opportunity they want equality of
outcome so if somehow that doesn't get
them the people they want then they want
to do quotas and do something else
they're the ones who are making this
about skin color it's not me if my
doctor happens to have extremely dark
skin exact and a brilliant mind and a
couple of degrees
then dude tell me what's wrong with me
all right that's right issue I want
quality people I don't care how much
melanin they've got well exactly exactly
and I turned that exact argument on a
leftist the other day when they said we
should be more like Europe I said I
agree let's be more like Switzerland
because right now if you want to apply
for citizenship in Switzerland and you
were on welfare for the previous three
years you've got to pay every penny back
to the government and for applying so
I'm with you liberals let's me exactly
like Europe you know they're a little
selective in the way they like to employ
that yeah but again it's the idea of
demonizing and and making any
common-sense thing like having borders
like having merit-based immigration
there default setting is to claim that
any of that any enforcement of norms of
laws of anything else is somehow racist
because they don't want to have the
argument on the merits and I find it
comical you know I love the fact one of
the things in special forces pretty much
everywhere we go we do a lot of
humanitarian work schools we immunize
kids we dig wells and I get these
liberals lecturing me about how somehow
I'm Islamophobic I don't like brown
people I'm like how many little brown
kids have you ever immunized
you know how much dentist work have you
done for these people none they want to
sit in their limousine liberal
neighborhoods gated communities and
lecture us you've been on the streets
keeping people safe I've been around the
world keeping people safe but we're the
bad guys because we're the races
xenophobe my command was 99% non-white
and when I say that on air liberal I
said to them well who the hell do you
think we were racing license lights and
sirens to save who do you think our
victims were we didn't all of a sudden
have you know blonde hair blue-eyed
white victims in the South Bronx you
more hot well I guess I mean it's the
hypocrisy you know they they love to
lecture they don't like when you get
those pesky facts and reality and and
start holding them accountable and
people accountable you know we can hold
people accountable for their actions and
say if what you're doing is detrimental
to all of us you're wrong
not based on your skin color not based
on
religion based on your actions and if
that disproportionally affects some
communities more than others
then shouldn't that community be dealing
with it instead of winding up to us that
somehow catching people doing the you're
breaking the law is the wrong thing I
don't think so
no it's and that is a perfect way to
wrap this up exactly personal
responsibility and accountability Jim an
absolute pleasure I'm so glad we finally
got to do this thanks very much my
friend oh good stuff John thanks you
enjoyed the show please subscribe to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org this
you
