good news everyone a Canadian politician
is finally keeping a promise the bad
news it's that it's Kathleen Wynne
because she just started hiring her very
first round of extra labor code police
that's the beginning of the year
Ontario's minimum wage jumped from
eleven sixty all the way up to fourteen
bucks an hour was a 21 percent hike just
overnight and there was immediate
backlash from the business community
some Tim Hortons franchisees cut back on
voluntary perks and voluntary benefits
to account for the nearly two hundred
and forty-four thousand dollars the
average Tim Hortons franchisee will have
to dish out in extra wages because of
the minimum wage hike when called these
people bullies for their efforts to keep
their businesses afloat and some Toronto
daycares raise their fees by nearly
twenty four percent to deal with their
increase in labor costs but the business
community was just keeping their word
they had already warned Kathleen Wynne
that they would have to take steps and
make cuts to offset these higher wage
costs and now unfortunately Kathleen
Wynne is keeping her word - and Ontario
businesses should be very very worried
the Ontario Liberals promised to hire up
to 175 new inspectors to enforce their
sweeping changes to the labor code and
how will these 175 new labor enforcers
know where and what to look for well
don't worry
the Ottawa labor council a union has set
up a hotline a snitch line really to
publicly shame businesses who are
cutting paid breaks and other benefits
just to stay in business you see all the
recon while it's already done for the
inspectors anyway I was snooping around
on the Ontario government jobs website
and I found a jobs listing the Ontario
government is hiring its first round of
labour code enforcers the first 13 of
175 are being hired for Mississauga
Scarborough Sudbury and London this is
the first baker's dozen of quasi police
when is hiring to bully harass and
target Ontario's remaining entrepreneurs
good thing they
in higher 13 actual you know cops or
nurses or better yet not even grow
government at all you Ontarians you
really dodged a bullet there
now these employment standards officers
will be making between thirteen hundred
thirty-nine dollars per week all the way
up to sixteen hundred forty seven
dollars per week that's nearly seventy
thousand dollars per year all the way up
to eighty five thousand per year oh and
that's a union job too with very
expensive benefits that's a pretty
decent chunk of change but let's
remember when's hiring 175 of these
people which means on the high end just
to enforce wins new labor rules she had
to increase the government payroll by
nearly fifteen million dollars must be
nice for Kathleen Wynne to have an
endless pit of taxpayer money to cover
her additional payroll Ontario small
business owners just don't have that
same luxury people often forget that
every new government rule is more often
than not just an excuse to hire more
government workers every single rule
grows government and growing government
just makes life more expensive for the
people who have to pay the bills and
life is expensive enough for the people
of Ontario for the rebel media i'm
sheila Gundry what you just saw there
was my daily video but I also have my
own full-length show here on the rebel
called the gun show available only to
our premium subscribers so get access to
all the episodes of my show and all of
our amazing new premium content
including John Carr dillos new show
off-the-cuff Declassified treat yourself
to a rebel subscription today
you
