ironically named NGO Canadian journalist
for free expression wanted to ban Donald
Trump from coming into Canada for a g7
summit in June and the whole thing went
horribly beautifully wrong Canadian
journalist for free expression or cjf he
claims to be an organization of
journalists that monitors defends and
promotes free expression and access to
information in Canada and around the
world but a couple of days ago they
launched a petition calling on the
Trudeau government to use its full force
to prevent Trump from entering the
country like he's some kind of Nazi war
criminal instead of our closest
geopolitical Ally and largest trading
partner the petition read we the
undersigned call on Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau to revoke Donald Trump's
invitation to attend the Quebec g7
summit June 2018 work with US
counterparts to define a framework for a
US delegation to attend the summit
without trump's direct participation and
lastly ensure that further security
preparations for the summit are in full
compliance with Canada's Charter of
Rights and Freedoms including section 2
B okay so not only did C jfe want to ban
Trump they wanted to plan the whole
summit basically deciding who gets in
and who does what and on exactly what
terms since when is it a journalist job
to do that but they didn't just want
their Trump ban to cover the g7 summit C
jfe wants it to be a permanent thing
claiming that admitting Trump for any
reason occasion summit or state visit
presents a threat to Canadian values of
pluralism and inclusion banning people
based on political differences to be
inclusive do they even hear themselves I
have a Roomba robot vacuum cleaner
running around the house that's more
self-aware than cjf e anyway censorship
of any kind on anyone is revolting but
there's a silver lining in all of this
but for a moment journalists from
all sides of the political spectrum and
everywhere in between were united in
just how stupid CJ EFI's petition really
was it was a hilarious post Christmas
miracle here's the National Post Chris
celli calling CJ Effie idiots here's the
Toronto sons Larry Goldstein saying it's
disappointing that any media
organization thinks this is a proper
role for journalists CBC's George Baker
called it an obvious example of not
staying in your lane columnist Susan
Delacorte also said she doesn't
understand how the petition has anything
to do with the journalistic freedom or
free expression so CJ Effie
overestimated just how much their
journalistic peers and everyday
Canadians dislike Donald Trump as in it
isn't as much as they thought it was and
it certainly wasn't enough to throw our
Canadian values in the garbage can and
expect our dim-witted Ken doll of a
prime minister to cause a diplomatic
catastrophe with our best geopolitical
ally major miscalculation they're even
left-wing journalists from the state
broadcaster don't hate Donald Trump more
than they love free speech so CJ Fe
yanked their petition down they censored
their own attempt at censorship then
they issued a statement which has also
been pulled off their website for a
group claiming they are fighting for
accountability and transparency they
sure like to memory whole things that
don't make them look so great so that
other journalists like me can't hold
them accountable seems legit but not to
worry we already had an email transcript
of their statement and it really is
something else
CJ Yaffe says that they weren't trying
to censor the President of the United
States because you apparently can't
censor the President of the United
States because he's powerful or
something gotcha
but this is from their statement On
January 15th our staff drafted and
shared a petition calling on Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau to keep US
president Donald Trump out of Canada the
goal was to force Trudeau to grapple
with Trump's egregious
year old war against suppress we believe
Trump's actions have emboldened
authoritarian leaders around the world
and continue to lead to a general
erosion of safety for journalists and
public confidence in the press we shared
the petition because we legitimately
believe that Canada's diplomatic actions
should be consistent with promoting and
supporting press freedom internationally
there is a very real need for Canada to
use all available handles including
diplomatic pressures and sanctions to
resist the rise of authoritarianism not
just in the United States but around the
world this is something CJ Fe firmly
believes in and will always advocate for
okay CJ Effie screwed up and embarrassed
themselves but Trump is still a bad guy
apparently he has the magical ability to
cause Iran and Turkey to lock up and
torture journalists is there nothing
Donald Trump can't do but let's just
stop and digest this whole situation for
a second about Iran Iran is locking up
journalists who are trying to tell the
world what is happening inside that
cloistered oppressive regime there is no
petition from CJ FE calling on the
Trudeau government to back off on their
plans to normalize Canada's diplomatic
relationship with Iran there was also no
petition to ban Obama from coming into
Canada after his Department of Justice
was accused of targeting journalists
like sharyl Attkisson
who is currently suing the United States
government for allegedly having her
computer hacked at the behest of Obama's
DOJ CJ fe in care then there were no
petitions from CJ fe when the New York
Times was reporting that Obama was using
the Espionage Act to lock up more
leakers and journalists and all other
presidents combined no petition came out
of CJ Fe to block Obama visiting us then
either that's for sure and why would
Trudeau be of any help to this alleged
journalistic organization who is
supposedly so concerned with press
freedom look at this reporters without
borders 20
17 World Press Freedom Index ranks
Canada in 22nd place for press freedom
now in 2015 canno Canada was ranked in
the top 10 making it one of the best
places in the world to be a journalist
remember how the journalists in this
country used to complain how Stephen
Harper was mistreating them and how he
was so stingy and tight fisted with
information and transparency it wasn't
true at all it was just a projection of
left-wing journalists feelings about a
conservative prime minister but it
didn't really reflect reality
but since Trudeau took power press
freedom in Canada has sharply declined
we've fallen out of even the top 20 in
the world but you wouldn't know that
based on the fawning coverage Trudeau
gets from the mainstream media the day
Trudeau took office as prime ministers
the day he kicked press freedom in
Canada down an elevator shaft and it's
getting worse not better
see jfe wanted Justin Trudeau to cause
an international scene and damage
Canada's relationship with our best
friends on the planet the Americans in
the middle of NAFTA renegotiations at
that
why because Donald Trump calls
journalists fake news and now their
feelings are hurt poor babies
grow up imagine being so selfish
hypocritical blinded by liberal
partisanship and petty but that's the CJ
Fe they think their feelings can
override the rights of others and our
national interests George Orwell wasn't
wrong he just sort of screwed up the
date he was off by 33 or 34 years in his
book 1984 the Ministry of War was called
the Ministry of peace the Ministry of
propaganda was called the Ministry of
Truth and in Canada the journalists for
political censorship are called Canadian
journalists for free expression and
honestly credit where it's due
I'm glad and pleasantly surprised for
once that the rest of the mainstream
media thought the CJ Fe was as bad as
ideal for the rebel media I'm Sheila
Gunn read
what you just saw there was my daily
video but I also have my own full-length
show here on the rebel called the gun
show it's available only to our premium
subscribers so to get access to all the
episodes of my show and all of our
amazing new premium content including
John Carr dillos new show called
off-the-cuff Declassified treat yourself
to a rebel subscription today
