I didn't think the mainstream media
could raise the bar and embarrassing
itself but it did yesterday when they
took on president Trump's physician and
lost the mainstream media is
inconsolable they're hysterical because
the president's doctor Navy Rear Admiral
dr. Ronnie Jackson pronounced President
Trump in good mental and physical health
in good cognitive health in fact he said
the president was just a bit overweight
and his cholesterol was a bit high but
overall he's in very very good health
and there are no signs of cognitive
problems despite the mainstream media
histrionics to the contrary but of
course that wasn't enough for media
elites in the White House press corps
now I'm gonna read you how they took on
dr. Jackson but first I want to read you
a little bit about dr. Jackson and I
wanted to note that dr. Jackson was also
Barack Obama's physician he assumed the
position as White House physician the
one who actually treats the president in
2013 so now remember the mainstream
media questioned him took him on
questioned his professionalism his
diagnosis etc let's read dr. Jackson's
credentials now put them against who was
questioning
dr. Jackson went to Texas A&M and then
he went to medical school at the
University of Texas of great medical
school
he's a board-certified deployment of the
emergence of American Board of emergency
medicine as designated as it is
designated as a fellow American Academy
of emergency medicine he currently holds
faculty clinical appointments with the
uniformed services University of the
Health Sciences and the Harvard School
of Medicine affiliated Beth Israel
Deaconess disaster medicine medicine
fellowship program
that's his academic resume but in the
Navy since 95 let's talk about some of
the positions that dr. Jackson has held
before making a rank of Admiral I'm
gonna get into that after we get into
this dr. Jackson went on to become an
honors graduate of the Navy's undersea
medical officer program and groats in
Connecticut that's where the sub bases
all he is uh uniquely qualified in
submarine and hyperbaric medicine and
hyperbaric medicine i'ma I dive I'm a
scuba diver but when you get the bends
when nitrogen builds up in your blood or
god forbid you ascend too quickly and
you there's an embolism in your lungs or
you part of your thoracic system can be
highly fatal highly fatal virtually
instantly the doctors that are certified
in these programs are among the best of
the best I have a lot of experience
that's been diving since 1991 I I had
reached over the years professional
certification I let that lapse these are
the best of the best these physicians
I've got personal experience with it he
then was deployed to Iraq I'm never
gonna get into all the other things he
did because his resume is so impressive
but while in Iraq he deployed in support
of Operation Iraqi Freedom as the
emergency medicine visit in charge of
resuscitative medicine or a float
forward deployed surgical shock trauma
platoon and to do my rock and he was
with the second Marines if you know
anything about deployment to Iraq and
Afghanistan the second Marine saw some
of being most violent deadly bloody
combat for him to have been and led a
Shock Trauma platoon we're talking about
someone with
exceptional with exceptional with
groundbreaking emergency medicine skills
this doctor is arguably one of the best
doctors operating in the world today
with his credentials as know-how his
smarts and his experience okay
so we've got that out of the way we've
now qualified dr. Jackson as an expert
dr. Jackson also achieved the rank of
Admiral in the United States Navy so in
addition to being a rock star position
he was a rock star officer his list of
medals is like this I'm not even gonna
read em all to you you can research him
he the man is an American patriot and
exemplary American rank of Admiral rock
star physician he winds up in the White
House on the medical team in 2006 and in
2013 under Obama he's appointed the
president's primary physician and Donald
Trump seeing how exceptional dr. Jackson
is at what he does kept him on that's
often how it goes the president has to
like the doctor that that's working in
the White House and he apparently does
and I can see why anybody would want dr.
Jackson is their physician but that
wasn't enough for the liberal media they
know better they know better so he
briefed them for about an hour and I've
watched the press conference over and
again and it's just great the look on
his face his disdain like who are you
morons questioning me now the the
Admiral came out dr. Jackson and he said
I've given the president the Montreal
cognitive assessment the standard a
standard in the industry it's known as a
standard with the american psychiatric
and American Psychological associations
and he said the president scored a 30
out of 30 which is equivalent to a
perfect score his cognitive ability is
fine but that didn't stop mainstream
media fake news media from trying to
imply that the doctor dropped the ball
on his diagnosis oh I'm gonna read you a
couple of the back and forth from the
interview Jim Acosta's is one of my
favorite Jim might annoy us but he never
never disappoints
so it starts with NBC's Haley Jackson no
relation a dr. Jackson a questioning
asking dr. Jackson to repeat his
statements about the president's mental
fitness and alluding to Trump's tweets
about being a stable genius now last
week on the show or earlier this week
actually I told you all about the
president learning how to speak Trump
and me understanding it because I'm a
guy from Queens well that's what the
stable genius tweet was about he was
mocking the people that were we're
trying to claim that he was mentally
unfit Bloomberg's Shannon petty piece
brought up the needy absence of a media
obsession over Trump supposedly slurring
his words
but ABC's cecilia Vega brought up a
bewilderingly described as a bewildering
question moments
well she said this to dr. Jackson well
could you just elaborate in layman's
terms if possible and you've done a
great job at that
what you ruled out in these cognitive
tests you know there have been reports
that the president has forgotten names
that he's repeating himself are you
ruling out things like early onset
Alzheimer's
are you looking at dementia-like
symptoms now let's think about that for
a second we looked at dr. Jackson's
credentials he pronounced the president
healthy mentally physically healthy
Hillary Clinton in 2016 at the 9/11
memorial onto September 11 2016 was
caught on multiple cameras dropping like
a sack of potatoes and being thrown in
her van like a side of beef when those
of us in conservative media brought it
up we were called insane conspiracy
theorists my friend dr. drew dr. Drew
Pinsky lost his HLN television show for
diagnosing or speculating on Hillary
Clinton's help Nancy Pelosi at nearly
every outing these days slurs her words
goes off on incoherent rambles Dianne
Feinstein is tripping over words these
are older women but if we dare comment
on that we're insane conspiracy
theorists trying to deflect Trump has
one vocal misstep
and all of a sudden he's got Alzheimer's
and onset dementia that's how biased the
media is they don't even hide it
that's how bias they are well PBS news
radio correspondent Steven Portnoy look
it even a step further
he's talking about the 25th amendment
the amendment that would allow the
cabinet to remove the president for lack
of fitness it's incredible well a lot of
people in the country have been talking
about it no Steve not a lot of people in
the country
you and your mainstream media League
colleagues who are still horrified that
Trump defied your orders and won the
election Hillary was supposed to win he
then goes on to say at which point he
asks the doctor a philosophical question
about at which point would dr. Jackson
advise the cabinet that the president is
unable to discharge his duties the
doctor basically looked at I'm like it
was a lunatic and think about why you
would pose that question if you were a
journalist because any answer the doctor
gives you could turn around and spin and
say well see dr. Jackson is thinking
about this he found something that makes
him uncomfortable with regards to the
president's mental fitness but dr.
Jackson didn't give these morons an inch
and then arrived en ends Jim Acosta
little exchange here Jim Acosta whoa
just to make sure we're clear on this
when you dr. Jackson analyzed his
president Trump's cognitive ability or
his neurological functions that's not
the same thing as a psychiatric or
psychological exam dr. Jackson it's not
no it's a screening and assessment for
cognitive impairment
now Washington Post and and and
Washington Post Ashley Parker wasted no
time but the best questions were from
CBS's Margaret Brennan and this is the
one
that goes to the heart of why I read you
dr. Jackson's resume from mags Brennan
over at CBS PBS seems to really be hot
on this one well doctor when you say
given the president's AG is somewhere
where President Reagan was at this time
in his presidency and you say given the
scrutiny of what was overlooked at that
time with President Reagan in terms of
Alzheimer's and the things he was then
known to suffer from at a later day and
you say whether the tests that you ran
would exclude any of those things and
what's the possibility of overlooking
what is the possibility of overlooking
something like that what would it be the
way she phrased it didn't make any sense
oh I paraphrase it you know how can you
tell the American people that this time
you're certain
dr. Jackson at that point was visibly
perturbed he was visibly annoyed with
these morons
then enter Steve importantly again from
CBS Radio
the doctor what's your take on all the
doctors and clinicians across the
country have said in the residence of
the light in the resident Donald Trump
of the White House they see symptoms of
this that and the other I'm gonna tell
you what would dr. Jackson said to that
but I want to go back to Maggie Brennan
so Maggie Brennan was saying Margaret
Brennan was saying that
she was speculating to the doctor
telling dr. Jackson with those
impeccable credentials yeah you probably
miss something they miss something with
Reagan Reagan hasn't been president for
30 years so I hope I sincerely hope that
medical science has gotten a little bit
better that cognitive testing has gotten
a little bit better that physician
training has gotten a little bit better
since Ronald Reagan was president in
fact reading dr. Jackson's bio he's born
in 1967 so you've been 21 years old
during Ronald Reagan's last year as
president he was still been an undergrad
or graduating undergrad or just applying
the medical school or entering medical
school he hadn't even begun his medical
training when Ronald Reagan was being
examined
so dr. Jackson's training experience the
the resources he has available to him
are generations better than when Reagan
was examined but that little minor
detail escaped CBS News he's also
implying that dr. Jackson Admiral
Jackson with his impeccable credentials
might have missed something but she CBS
news reporters gonna pick up on it she
knows far more about medicine than the
doctor does because he didn't think that
he might have missed something in been
thorough he needed CBS news to be
comprehensive and to Steven Portnoy from
CBS radio again what is your take on all
the doctors and clinicians across the
country who have said in the resident of
the White House President Trump they see
symptoms of this that and the other well
that's a clinical question right
symptoms of this that and the other and
dr. Jackson looking annoyed says
symptoms in what way symptoms Portnoy
says symptoms of dementia symptoms of in
Jackson cuts him off and he says I was
glad he said this I would say that the
American Psychiatric Association has
said too you know I would think that
people shouldn't be making assessments
about the president unless they've had
the opportunity to get to know him and
examine him
and he then goes on to say I'm not going
to address it or fall into responding
into those questions or accusation think
about what Steven Portnoy at CBS News
was asking dr. Jackson
or telling dr. Jackson basically saying
dr. Jackson if the White House physician
you have this resume of impeccable
credentials in addition to being an
impeccable naval officer made it Admiral
you're the best of the best of the best
of what you do
you spend time with the president your
office is in the White House you see the
president regularly you personally know
the president you examine the president
you gave the president a detailed mental
physical and cognitive physical exam
what the hell do you know shouldn't you
be listening to these armchair shrinks
diagnosing the president on Twitter I
mean how dare you after giving the
president a clinical exam come out here
and contradict our Twitter experts
that's exactly what the mainstream media
was saying here this is how bias they
are they embarrass themselves and they
don't even realize they embarrass
themselves and I am just so happy today
that they are inconsolable if they are
hysterical that Donald Trump is in great
health the Dow crashed through 26,000
barring anything extreme he's gonna win
a second term and they have got to live
with a very healthy very successful
president Trump and be hysterical for
the next seven years you enjoy this
content as much as I enjoy bringing it
to you please subscribe to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org ona love it
thanks so much for watching I'll be back
with you tomorrow
you
