three billboards outside Abbey Missouri
tore up the film festival circuit and
just won Best Motion Picture Drama at
the Golden Globes I just watched the
movie and I have no idea why I was
nominated or why it won I have a theory
and we'll get into it I'm Ben Davies
this pure olive oil
three bill words was directed by Martin
McDonagh and gross just over 25 million
dollars at the box office please do not
see this movie but if you already have
seen the movie please comment because
I'm interested to see if you feel the
same way I do in these videos I try to
be as objective as possible when I break
down a movie that's why I use different
categories so movies that I really
didn't like personally like the last
Jedi I still said in my peer review you
would love it it's like a 4 out of 5 or
5 out of 5 but my critic review I
slammed because person I knew that it
took some terrible twists and turns to
appease a certain group people now in
this movie looking I'm trying to even
look objectively and I cannot figure out
how this movie was nominated or why
month except for one reason I'm gonna
get into so let's let's try this my view
review is gonna be a 1 out of 5 this
genre this movie is not going to be for
everyone the genre is a dark comedy
crime thriller that is told through the
eyes of Mildred who is surrounded by a
bunch of racist bigoted neglected
abusive people in a town and her world
is flipped upside down when her daughter
is kidnapped raped and murdered and they
can't find the killer and so that
thrusts the movie forward
in defiance and frustration of the
tragic death of her daughter she buys
these three billboards that basically
provoked the police being like why
aren't you doing your job and calls out
the sheriff for not finding her
daughter's killer the performances are
good Sam Rockwell and Frances McDorman
both give really good performances as
well as well as Woody Harrelson and
Peter Dinklage and the movie is still
somewhat interesting because of all the
diverse characters in this like hell of
a town that they're showing for everyone
is just awful and really painful to
watch on screen but even then the movie
falls flat because these characters
though acted well feel like they're all
in different genres in different movies
they're all trying to basically vie for
the award of best act in the movie
instead of working off each other so the
tone is crazy the characters are
incredibly unlikable throughout the
entire movie
there's no redemptive qualities except
for in the very worst character who has
somewhat of an arc played by Sam
Rockwell but because of this you can't
latch on any characters you don't really
care about it you basically hate
everyone on screen and the movie putters
off because there you know there's not
gonna be any real resolution for what
happened that drives me which is the
death of her daughter because you never
to find out she's not gonna come back
obviously it's just kind of depressing
wall it basically what did you feeling
confused a bit angry
and one of your money back but many
movies that are very artistic and unique
can leave you doing that so let's see if
this movie did that well critically I'm
gonna give this movie a 3 out of 5 so
slightly better and again there were
moments that were very interesting the
way that was created directed and
brought to life on screen but where the
movie does falter once again is the main
character when it constructed her she is
just so brutally unlikable she is by all
accounts a terrible mother she's crafts
angry abusive even assaults some
teenagers at high school that are her
son's friends she burns the face off one
police officer basically while blowing
up the police station I mean it's it's
just awful but the direction does save
this movie to an extent and this gives
Martin some credit which is why maybe it
was in you know that the talks of Best
Drama there are some interesting choices
strung out through this movie like using
the American flag to show you who your
hero is that the wasn't every scene
where she's talking about something good
Mildred has a flag somewhere in the shot
a lot of times there's unique camera
angles they will use to highlight
certain performances that was well done
specifically there's one great scene
where the horse character we towards the
Mildred is going across the street to
commit this horrible crime and the
camera never cuts it's all the way
straight through this terrific stunts
involved this scene that's just painful
to watch unfortunately even though the
actual camera director is so wonderful
watch it fade the value of this movie we
give it a three out of five one because
there's a strong theme of redemption
throughout this movie the worst
character Cooper's carry driver in this
movie has the greatest arc because he
does come full circle he starts of being
such a terrible person
and becomes redeemed through his actions
and changing his outlook and changing
the way that he perceives people so it's
a great moment arc for that but again
there's a lot of other stuff going on
there's also a strong focus on love
breaking the cycle of this constant pain
and aggravation and conflict in the town
that it's gonna continue unless people
that are really really hurt just speak
out in love and you know will end it
finally however even these great moments
of redemption and love get twisted into
the same depressive weird story line of
the movie because in this movie the main
players don't really land on that the
love and redemption aspect they go for
trying to find release through violence
and retribution it's really confusing
now we're gonna do why I think this
movie won the Golden Globes one it is
about the most
correct social justice infused completes
narrative of a Middle America being
awful I've ever seen in my life and
there's no accident the Golden Globes is
put on by the Hollywood Foreign Press
they're the ones that vote on these
films let me explain why this movie
works so well for that specific audience
the Hollywood Foreign Press every single
white male in this movie including a
sheriff is a piece of garbage
anyone in this movie who is a minority
or is disabled or is a little person is
a hero and the most outstanding person
in this group of terrible people in this
small town in America it's incredibly
racist as it leaks a cop salute like
absolutely we horrible people there's
one point the sheriff who's one of the
good guys even says if I fired everyone
that is not racist I would have any cops
except for three they would hate gay
people or whatever it was just like pump
believe what you think this movie was
set in like the 1920s and some horrible
backwoods place but it's set in
modern-day Middle America which is
outrageous and offensive when when you
think about me myself I'm from Nashville
Tennessee I grew up in a town that is
super small my neighbors literally have
an outhouse dogs sleep in the streets
it's small lots of land but you know a
lot of country people about an hour
outside of Nashville not once did I ever
lock my door in 15 years growing up
living there not once I ever locked my
door any of my neighbors we knew
everyone there is no crime and it's the
nice group people you ever meet I went
to school in Gainesville Florida Athens
Georgia and Birmingham Alabama and every
time you get to a small town area is the
nicest group of people you've ever seen
and then it crosses all races and
demographics now I'm sure there are some
places where this does exist so
obviously there could be some town that
is literally this awful and this clear
of a picture of what they've been trying
to sell is this racist Middle America
that's just like this basket of
deplorable that's you know voting in no
America I've never seen it I find this
really on the nose and slightly
offensive to see it portrayed so clearly
in this movie and it's also worrisome
that the Foreign Press would promote
this to be the best movie of the year I
mean the people that are outside of
America that read mainstream articles
and watch the mainstream news will think
that Americans literally are like this
and when they see a movie it's like ah
this must really be what it's like in
epping Missouri the tile itself makes it
sound like it's a true story I even
started googling like is this based on
true story these poor people this town
must be so offended
couldn't see this movie but it's not
it's completely made up even though it
sounds like in the title this is based
on an actual event but it's not anyway
because of all these reasons it is no
secret why this new is
thrust in the spotlight by the Hollywood
Foreign Press and media at large in
Hollywood it fits that narrative
perfectly but I could be wrong and if
you have seen the movie you do like it
please comment tell me where I'm wrong
hopefully the other nominated films
coming out especially at the Oscars will
not quite as bleak and all the nose and
unenjoyable in general to watch I'm Ben
Davis be relevant alright if you like
this video and others like it please
consider becoming a premium member to
the rebel that way you'll have first
access to pure Hollywood and the entire
rebel lineup
you
