that journalist in the Toronto metro
newspaper said hoaxes are rare no they
are not least not in the media there are
more cases of Islamophobia hoaxes and
there are real Islamophobia here let me
just read for you a few headlines just
from the last couple of years and it's
just a sample Washington Post Louisiana
student fabricated story of his jab
attack police say that's that's from
just over a year ago it was a live as a
hoax look this one from the University
of Michigan threat to burn University of
Michigan student wearing hijab did not
happen just didn't happen who this one I
asked you that's Indiana State
University professor arrested accused of
making up threats an attack another hoax
in Indiana from a professor that's from
April of 2017 here's another one
Dearborn had job loss who dropped in
light of video evidence internal
investigation revealed claims of
religious discrimination were false
Dearborn police officials say that's not
even two years ago here's another one
Houston man sentenced to four years for
Christmas Day mosque fire he was Muslim
himself he is on Mozgov fire
that's from December 2016 here's another
one woman admits she lied about being
slashed in the face and called a
terrorist in lower Manhattan she just
made it up here's another one husband
who tried to claim racist gunman killed
his wife in front of their son while
yelling terrorist is guilty after cops
found his mistress was the gunman let me
read a little more because it's such a
crazy story
a New Jersey jury deliberated for four
hours before can rethink a shift Parvaiz
of scheming with his girlfriend to kill
his wife that's quite a trick isn't it
kill your wife with your mistress and
blame it on racist Islamophobes that's
quite a move look I'm not saying there
is no anti-muslim bigotry in Canada
there is every sort of bigotry in Canada
somewhere in some degree because we are
all flawed humans were all sinners and
we all have some hate in our heart and
managing that and dealing with that as
part of being a person and we don't
always succeed there there is hate and
there are cry
but to say it's a wave of Islamophobia
is false this hijab hoax in Toronto was
so clearly orchestrated and schemed and
planned as a political act to smear the
whole country and to conditioned us to
accept strong medicine in the form of
censorship and other crackdowns on our
freedoms - a freedom to criticize Islam
our freedom to talk about open borders
immigration and other political ideas it
was not real that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
