it's Martin Luther King Day here in the
States but many dishonored dr. King's
memory while invoking his name now today
here in the United States is a pretty
significant federal holiday Martin
Luther King Day most banks are closed
courthouses government offices it's as
big a federal holiday as any other and
rightfully so dr. King did great things
for many people which led to the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 which essentially
integrated the United States and and
gave equality to black Americans the
only good things came from that but
sadly many groups claim to emulate dr.
King while doing anything but let's look
at black lives matter you see these
black lives matter rallies people are
wearing Martin Luther King t-shirts but
at the same time they're chanting what
do we want dead cops when do we want
them now or they're chanting pigs in a
blanket fry them like bacon were the
throwing Molotov cocktails into their
local CVS in their own neighborhood
burning down the stores that service
them that's not something Martin Luther
King would have done in fact I think he
would be disgusted if he saw what was
being done in his name you know I used
to see this when I was in New York City
calm I'll never forget I arrested a guy
after he had beaten up an elderly couple
these people were elderly 80s late
seventies maybe early to mid 80s bruised
and battered and he wanted to steal
their Social Security and these were
very poor people who lived on a fixed
income that check was the difference
between having food and medicine or no
food in medicine beat him up without a
care in the world he terrorized old
people in the neighborhood many of these
guys did back then in that area and I
arrested him and I put the cuffs on a
little too tight because he needed that
and you know what he did he screamed
about his civil rights he invoked dr.
Martin Luther King I'll never forget it
now he didn't care much about dr. King's
teachings of peace and civility and
being law-abiding when he was beating an
elderly black couple to steal their
money no no no no at that point dr. King
didn't matter but when the handcuffs
were on him and he was in a little bit
of pain
metal biting into his wrists all of a
sudden he remembered every word of
Martin Luther King and that that's the
hypocrisy when a group like black lives
matter burns down a CVS or Claire
screams and chance for dead cops they're
doing everything Martin Luther King was
against look did Martin Luther King
break some laws to achieve his objective
yeah but minor nonsense like sitting in
a diner he wasn't supposed to be in or
blocking a street or his followers
refusing to get off a bus they weren't
putting anybody's lives at risk her and
hurting anybody
they were disorderly conduct type crimes
things today that are violations in many
states they're they're adjudicated at
the same level as a speeding ticket
these are not crimes against humanity or
or you know violent offenses that
require incarceration and so he needed
to make his point and sometimes he would
push the line a little bit into
violations but he never burned down his
local drugstore whatever the CVS back in
the 1950s and 60s was either chanted for
dead police officers but what's even
worse is the Democratic Party's
abandonment of what dr. King preached
right because think about dr. King as a
person I like you know me I like the
micro analyzed
when dr. King presented himself he was
this charismatic eloquent articulate guy
he wore a suit you've never seen a photo
of him maybe in some candid shots but he
was always in a dress shirt maybe the
sleeves were rolled up to here he
understood it the way you present
yourself is is how you're perceived
right I'm on air and I wear my t-shirts
and I like to bring you a show that's a
little more pop culture ish in nature
what if I have to do a meeting after
they show I'm gonna put on a suit I'm
gonna dress appropriately for the
environment I'm in right and dr. King
understood that so sure I'm sure when he
was home with his family if they were to
swimming puli on a bathing suit in a
t-shirt but when he was in public on the
camera on camera he would put on a suit
and it was the appropriate thing to do
meeting with politicians and community
leaders unfortunately that hasn't
trickled down to many young black men
today they think it's acceptable to go
to a job interview with their pants
hanging - halfway down their legs gold
teeth stuck in their mouths sounding
like they just came out of prison I saw
it when I worked the streets I hear it
from many of my colleagues that when
they when they try to hire somebody that
like wow this guy was a pretty good
candidate but he but the image he
portrays I could never you know I just
couldn't put him out there in front of
clients he would destroy my company
that's not racist that's not racist
that's just good business we see it in
the Democrats then condemning that same
employer calling it racist we also see
it in the Democrats needing to keep
black Americans on the public dole one
of the other things that that dr. King
preached was self-reliance
self-preservation you know individual
battles fight your own civil rights
battle every day that's not what today's
Democratic party wants to hear but it
shouldn't surprise you because the
Democrats fought the Civil Rights Act
tooth and nail the Democrats created the
Ku Klux Klan the Democrats are the ones
who came up with the with the concept of
gun control pre 1934 before the National
Firearms Act
you could buy fully automatic weapons in
hardware stores the Democrats were a
driving force behind all of these
draconian gun control regulations
because they wanted to disarm blacks in
the south
how bad it is that's how skewed the
narrative is Robert Byrd a decades-long
Democratic senator somebody they called
the conscience of the Senate was a
longtime Klansmen and Ku Klux friend
leader the conscience of the Senate
would you imagine a Republican who was a
senior leader in the Ku Klux Klan ever
being called the conscience of the
Senate never the Democrats did they got
away with it
he did it and they got away with it
and they want to keep black Americans
really on a political plantation I mean
what's more racist than Democrats
telling black Americans post Martin
Luther King's work you'll never be
better so you need our entitlements
you're to accompany to get an ID to vote
don't worry we'll take care of that
these big bad Republicans want to reduce
taxes for the wealthy what they don't
tell them is the wealthy reinvest that
money and they create jobs they may own
businesses and open businesses in this
neighborhood
they don't tell them that what they tell
them is when those businesses come in
burn them to the ground you've been done
wrong
how tragically racist is that and this
trickles down to other groups so here in
South Florida we have this moronic
phenomenon every year the hashtag is
wheels up guns down and it's supposedly
the honor dr. Martin Luther King and
it's done every year on Martin Luther
King Day and basically young black men
who get on off-road ATVs and dirt bikes
and ride around they basically engage in
mobile riots all over South Florida and
they ride around like maniacs they're 27
times more likely to be killed on these
bikes two were killed last year than
they would be if they were driving in a
regular motor vehicle and a slightly
more likely to be killed than if they
were just riding their bike normally
fast
and they they go out there and they
supposedly do this honor dr. Martin
Luther King now one day one of these
idiots is gonna tell me how you honor a
Civil Rights icon by putting thousands
of commuters children on school buses
elderly people driving to the grocery
store the doctor how you honor dr.
Martin Luther King by putting their
lives at risk on the road one day
someone will tell me that one day
someone will tell me why black lives
matter members where dr. King t-shirts
while burning down their local CVS or
chanting four dead cops or why the guy I
arrested could beat an elderly black
couple
and never give Martin Luther King a
second thought but the minute the coast
for too tight all of a sudden he
remembered every one of his speeches
word-for-word and every one of his
policies and I and I really do blame
this on progressive identity politics I
blame this on liberals needing to keep
people of color down and under their
thumb look at what they're doing with
Puerto Rican refugees to the United
States post hurricane Irma they're
basically sending busses the ports where
they're coming in the airports and
seaports we're seeing this in Florida
I'm getting reports from political
operatives on the ground and registering
them to vote Democrat now why would
these people vote Democrat when
Democrats destroyed the infrastructure
on their Island when Democrats took
twenty billion dollars that was supposed
to go to infrastructure and wasted it
nobody even knows where that money went
their island is uninhabitable because of
Democrat policies
if they're coming here and Democrats are
registering them to vote their island is
uninhabitable like Detroit like parts of
Chicago like parts of Baltimore like
parts of st. Louis like more to Houston
like parts of New York City like parts
of Los Angeles because of democratic
policies policies designed to keep
people of color down and under the thumb
of the Democratic Party and like I said
what is more racist than telling someone
you'll never succeed on your own you
need government and it's only because of
the color of your skin you will never do
better than you are right now never be
better than you are right now never have
more then you have right now because of
the color of your skin but you need US
government and the Democratic Party is
there anything more racist and cruel
than that
I don't think so
the Republicans do a terrible job of
outreach the communities of color and
it's really sad because if Republicans
dug in the dr. Martin Luther King's
speeches and they used his sound bites
and Coretta Scott King one of his
relatives is uh is is pretty vocal she's
been a pretty good advocate for
conservative causes she has not been a
staunch ally of the Democrats because
have you look into his writings and you
look into his ideology and his doctrine
it's about things that are very
conservative in nature respectability
personal responsibility entrepreneurship
education all of the things the Liberals
despise unless they can control they
love education their teachers unions
make a lot of money but really their
version of Education is progressive
indoctrination has very little to do
with actual unbiased objective education
and I really wish conservatives in the
United States would would take more from
dr. Martin Luther King and this is such
a good day to talk about it and do this
segment because if they took those sound
bites and they use those as part of
their outreach to the black community
the Hispanic community we might see a
sea change in the complexion of voters
migrating off of the Democrat plantation
into the conservative arena where
they'll be rewarded for their efforts or
their ingenuity or their intellect for
their intelligence it doesn't matter
where you come from dr. ben Carson grew
up very very poor he's a very wealthy
man today having been a very successful
surgeon making a lot of money and now
he's a cabinet-level secretary in the
United States government he were been a
poor black family his mom couldn't read
she didn't let him know that because she
knew that he had to believe he was just
like everybody else to succeed
self-esteem has a lot to do with it and
the Democrats are about the best at
crushing the self-esteem of young blacks
that's why young black men Hill and are
killed at at rates 22 times their
representation in the population not
just a public safety emergency a public
health epidemic I think that would make
dr. King's head spin if he saw what
Democrats have done for the black
community but really it's incumbent upon
me it's incumbent on all of us for the
voices you the audience when you're
talking to your friends let's take some
of the teachings of dr. King and and use
them but recruit people over to the
light to the conservative movement
because it's pretty clear democratic
policies really do nothing other than to
keep people down and if certain groups
in America are kept suppressed well as a
nation we all suffer if you like this
content as much as I enjoy bringing it
to you please subscribe to our premium
service at www.gross.com so much more
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
