attention foster parents you know what
they say about honesty being the best
policy
well if you refuse to fib you might just
end up with the Children's Aid Society
yanking your kids away oh yeah it's true
it's true
back in 2015
Derek and Francis bars served as the
foster parents for two little girls aged
three and four by all accounts the
Hamilton Ontario home they all lived in
was a happy one and then one day some
bureaucrats with the Hamilton Children's
Aid Society came a-callin
why well apparently the bars are
developed Christians and they didn't
want to lie to the girls by telling them
that the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus
are real mind you they weren't grinches
around those holidays they gave the
girls chocolate treats at Easter and
gifts on Christmas Day but that wasn't
good enough for the CAS as the Toronto
Suns Michelle Mandel reports the CAS
argued that the Easter Bunny is an
essential part of Canadian culture and
that by denying the existence of Santa
Claus the bars risk destroying the magic
of Christmas for the girls the bars who
now live in Calgary were devastated to
have the girls taken away and they're
fearful they might now be on a foster
parent blacklist the bars have since
taken the Hamilton CAS to Superior Court
alleging the CAS has violated their
constitutional rights to freedom of
religion and expression judge Andrew
Goodman who got the lawyer for the CAS
to acknowledge there was no emergency
that necessitated the immediate removal
of the girls from the bars home has
reserved this decision even so of all
the reasons for otherwise what seems to
be upstanding foster parents losing
custody of their foster kids this whole
idea of not buying into the Santa Clause
and Easter Bunny fantasies was enough to
sway the pendulum in favor of the bars
being decreed parents non grata and
incidentally does this not open up an
extra large sized can of worms for
example does the CAS monitor other
religious folk to see if they are
maintaining the magic of certain
holidays via buying into certain
mythologies with the CAS look at a
Muslim or Jewish or Hindu or Sikh foster
parent to ensure he or she was
championing faith
ables pursuant to his or her religion or
culture I doubt it
truth be told if I was working for the
Children's Aid Society you know who I'd
be taking a look at right now I'd be
visiting Joshua Boyle and Katelyn
Coleman you know those fun-loving free
spirits that decided to go on a
backpacking adventure in Afghanistan
where they were allegedly kidnapped now
I always thought kidnapping was an
arduous thing to endure but they're
jolly Taliban captors allowed Joshua and
Katelyn to take part in a five-year long
shag fest that resulted in three
children being born and I would argue
that those children were put in harm's
way at the precise moment of conception
who brings kids into the world when the
part of the world you're supposedly
being forced to reside in is one of the
most upside-down gunned up regimes on
the planet yet it is the bars that lose
their foster kids for not propping up
some make-believe yarns while the boil
Coleman clan scores that personal
audience with the prime minister at
Christmas time to discuss God knows what
it just can't make up this kind of stuff
folks for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks if you
like that commentary please consider
becoming a premium subscriber and never
miss another rebel video
you
