we humans have to deal with social
justice everyday but you would think at
least animals would be safe from it
right not so fast
it turns out pelicans are somehow
related to racialized sexual violence at
least according to a feminist scholar
how I still don't quite know but here
goes meet Logan O'Laughlin a University
of Washington gender graduate students
who in case you couldn't tell
uses a day then pronouns Logan is a very
passionate scholar of queer studies
transgender studies ecofeminism and
critical race theory Logan makes such
good use of taxpayer dollars of the
University of Washington that the
University of British Columbia invited
Logan to give a presentation called
queer toxic Ecology's analyses and
implications of the pelicans of the BP
oil spill the grad student explains that
oil stain pelicans showed the widespread
effects of the BP oil spill but what do
these Pelican images tell us about
gender race and sexuality in ecological
context well I'm guessing that if it
were nothing you'd be out of a position
at school utilizing feminist discourse
analysis of pelicans in post spill
popular media and historical analysis of
pelicans as the state mascot of
Louisiana this presentation articulates
how this bird is symbolically and
materially implicated in a history of
racialized sexual violence yes you heard
that right
pelicans are implicated in a history of
racialized sexual violence here's a
pelican eating a fish conveniently cut
from this video is the part with a white
supremacist Pelican rapes the fish
purely because its scales were a bit
dark
seriously though this is how poisonous
and pervasive social justice has gotten
in academia students and professors
analyzing why they identify as trans
species hippos claiming math perpetuates
white privilege and dropping
requirements to teach Shakespeare
because he's too white
all the while schools still suck in
millions of dollars for diversity and
inclusive excellence initiatives it's
like the floating islands of Laputa in
Gulliver's Travels so much studying and
scholarship but none of it is grounds in
reality for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
