attention all Canadians if you have a
problem with Isis fighters returning to
our great Dominion without any penalty
unless enduring poetry-writing classes
as deemed as a punishment then guess
what you're all a bunch of white
supremacist says who says liberal MP
Chris piddle that's who
well the mollycoddling treatment of
returning Isis terrorists by the liberal
government is not sitting well with the
majority of Canadians regardless of race
religion and gender and some are
choosing to speak out about this latest
miscarriage of justice so it was that
recently a small group of protesters
protested in front of the office of
Chris Biddle the Liberal MP for st.
Catharines Ontario Biddle's response was
nothing short of batshit crazy this is
what he said about Canadians conducting
a peaceful protest regarding the penalty
free homecoming of Islamist thugs quote
when white supremacists scheduled a
protest at your office you know you're
doing something right end quote
white supremacist what would make mr.
Biddle jump to such a perverse
conclusion were they wearing the KKK
haberdashery were they wearing replica
Nazi SS uniforms no these Canadians
simply had a contrary opinion to this
governments hug a thug mentality when it
comes to dealing with homegrown radical
Islamists other than the sign about
Trudeau I'd add that so far the only
other signage the so-called white
supremacists carried we're anti-isis
have we come to the point where
condemning Isis means you're a racist
but Biddle decides to play the race card
even though Islam has nothing to do with
race he name calls like a bully from a
pulpit rather than a member of
parliament who's expected to serve his
constituents what's more I think his
words are defamatory and libelous I
spoke to someone close to this protest
so one of the participants involved is
allegedly seriously thinking about legal
action given biddle slur unjustly
labeling someone as a white supremacist
simply for having a contrary political
opinion doesn't just cross the line
it'll blitter eighths it Biddle has been
deluged with thousands of negative
responses to his stance when one person
asked Biddle to put Canadians first and
refused entry to returning Isis fighters
Biddle said quote returning fighters are
Canadians who have not been charged with
a crime end quote
how disingenuous can you get now it's
doubtful Biddle will be punished by his
superiors because we all saw how Justin
Trudeau responded to conservative leader
Andrew sheers queries last November
about returning Isis fighters speakers
prime ministers that be emphasizing
Canadian security and me
Superman is a criminal codes make it an
offence to leave Canada to fight for
Isis it was conservatives who are
focused on giving our law enforcement
new tools to prosecute Isis fighters
this Prime Minister is using a broad
spectrum that includes poetry and
podcasts and all kinds of counseling and
group hug sessions mr. speaker whether
the Prime Minister cake the security of
Canaan seriously and look for ways to
put these Isis fighters create a
conservative party learned nothing from
the last election of the lessons
Canadians positive they ran an election
on snitch lines against Muslims they ran
an election on Islamophobia and division
and still they play the same game trying
to scare Canadians the fact is we always
focus on the security of Canadians and
we always well
play politics of fear and Canadians so
there you have it folks from Biddle
spittle to Trudeau's Tantrums
if you all have a problem with radical
Islam and how it is being dealt with in
Canada then to quote that philosopher
king otherwise known as the rock and if
you don't know your damn role and you
don't shut your damn mouth regarding the
radical Islam file then be prepared to
be slandered as a white supremacist a
racist and an islamaphobe kind of makes
you wonder whose side the Liberals are
really on for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks if
you like that commentary please consider
becoming a rebel premium subscriber and
never miss another rebel video
you
