a pub in Kingston Ontario has decided to
expunge the heinous moniker of sir
Johnny McDonald from its signage
apparently the mere sight of our first
Prime Minister's name might trigger some
people I think I need a drink
actually make it a double so there's
this building in Kingston where sir
Johnny McDonald operated his law
practice from 1849 to 1860 it was later
converted into a pub which is somewhat
fitting given our first p.m. wasn't
averse to having a wee dram or three
from time to time for several years this
pub has been known as Sir John's public
house but apparently some members of the
indigenous community complained to pub
management given MacDonald's ties to the
residential school system so instead of
debating the issue or agreeing to
disagree the owner of the pub Paul
Fortier raced to a sign-in shop and
purchased a new whiz-bang placard for
the place the pub is now simply known as
the public house which is surely a
masterstroke of the pity I mean really
the public house All Things Considered I
think I would have renamed the place the
squeaky wheel but here's what Fortier
had to say in a National Post or a quote
some of our customers and some of the
native organizations in the Kingston
area said that they could no longer do
business with us they said that it was
no longer a safe place for them
end quote seriously someone of drinking
age felt unsafe going into a building
named Sir John don't know about you
folks but when I think of food service
safety issues I typically hope there
won't be a fire in the kitchen and that
staff members will make certain to wash
their hands after they're going to the
loo never thought a sign would result in
a safety issue unless the damn thing
wasn't screwed in properly what's really
at play here of course is yet another
case of historical revisionism run amok
the residential schools for
most part were a mistake point taken but
there were so much mortar sir Johnny
McDonald than that as well the profound
problem with historical revisionism is
where exactly does this slippery slope
end furthermore how does a racing
history make the events of yesteryear
any better it's so easy to be a Monday
morning historical quarterback when one
NIM deal with nuance and context but
rather just 20/20 hindsight and in the
politically correct crucible we reside
in today certain progressives even label
the legs of Abraham Lincoln and Martin
Luther King jr. that's racist
what next I'm I'm almost afraid to ask
yet back to that pub in Kingston how
does new signage fix anything really
case in point we know that Sir John
inhabited this building for a dozen
years so shouldn't this alone keep the
anti McDonald crowd away after all sure
wouldn't want the evil spirit of Sir
John to trigger anyone and get this 48
inexplicably notes that there will still
be exhibits and memorabilia related to
the prime minister inside the pub so
it's not okay to have Sir John's moniker
on the outside of the pub but it is okay
to have that namesake on the inside how
does that make any sense and where do we
go from here
maybe McDonald's Corp needs to be
persuaded to change the name of its
golden arches restaurants in Canada yeah
folks I realized that the McDonald in
McDonald's has spelt differently than
Sir John surname but you know what with
spelling not counting for much these
days we wouldn't want to have anyone
mistakenly triggered so maybe better
safe than sorry when it comes to
eateries that seem to have unsafe Mick
names you know what I do if I was a
resident of Kingston folks I'd go down
have lunch at the public house and then
when it came time to settle the check
I'd pull out a stack of these purple
bills yeah and then I'd make the point
to mr. Fortier that since the Canadian
$10 bill features the likeness of Sir
John well for now
then there's no way I would want to
sully his gloriously safe establishment
by desecrating it with such egregious
imagery and then I'd humbly suggest that
since I'm lacking alternative currency
perhaps the meal should be on the house
um how much do you wanna bet that mr.
Fortier would have no problem being
accepting of Sir John a McDonald in that
particular format
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's I'd Menzies hey folks if you like
that commentary please consider becoming
a Premium Member and never miss another
rebel video
you
