a feminist post video of herself
allegedly attacking men with bleach on
public transportation but you will not
believe who the media thinks the real
offender is
what you just thought there is a video
of a so-called Russian feminist activist
20 year old Anna dove Galya
apparently pouring bleach on men on
public transit now as Fox News reports
there are also some questions as to the
legitimacy of the clip the Russian
outlet Rose vault dismisses it as fake
but dove Galya insists it is absolutely
real and that's according to published
reports in the UK Sun but whether the
video is a hoax or legitimate the
response from the feminist community and
mainstream media is very very real they
are cheering on dove gali ik and they
could inspire more copycat attacks dove
gali ik is getting a very warm reception
from the feminist community for
apparently pouring bleach on male
strangers because they are man spreading
not keeping their legs close enough
together to please feminists in search
of misogynistic microaggressions
everywhere they go
according to dove Galya and other
feminists men take up too much space
with their larger bodies and different
anatomical makeup and whatnot but if you
see in a lot of those images dove Galya
posts the trains are mostly empty so if
someone wants to just spread out like
who really cares
well that activist cares but she doesn't
care about politeness or trying not to
take up too much space when there isn't
a lot of space to go around you can see
there is lots of space to share enough
for everybody
dove gallywix attacking these men who
are very clearly depicted as minding
their own business because they aren't
keeping their legs in a way she and her
feminist leg police cohorts want them to
it's so weird this Russian protester
though she's not exactly known for her
good sense at least amongst the world of
reasonable people late last year
dove Galya protested the fact that
upskirting or taking clandestine photos
of women from below up their skirts
isn't criminalized in Russia and how did
she protest that injustice
well she stood in the busy st.
Petersburg subway station and lifted her
skirt and flashed her underpants for
hundreds of people to see to a protest
upskirting
yeah that'll teach those horny
upskirting bastards won't it anyway back
to the alleged bleach assaults and
that's really what they are if they
indeed happened
they are assault you can't just go
around pouring things onto other people
you don't like and by the female
attackers own admission what she's
pouring on these men is 30 times
stronger than the bleach to water ratio
that I would throw in with my white
laundry it's strong damaging nearly
instantly to these men's clothing god
only knows what it's doing to their skin
after the fact let's be real
these are acid attacks if they happened
targeted acid attacks on men because
they are men doing what men do
the woman is literally targeting their
manhood if this were the other way
around the Left would be calling this a
gender-based hate crime if these were
attacks on women with bleach poured on
their genitals by a man to protest
I don't know women using a second seat
on public transportation for their
expensive handbags there would be an
outraged mob directed at that man the
likes of which I don't think we've ever
seen before in the history of outraged
mobs instead the mainstream media is
calling her a feminist and an activist
and her targeting acid attack simply a
campaign and the victims the men are
described as the offenders in our crazy
society men minding their own business
on a train while they're the wrong kind
of victims of a sexist attack a feminist
is the wrong kind of sexist attacker and
justice for men is the wrong kind of
justice for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn with what you just saw
there is the daily video that I do here
at the rebel but did you know that I
also have my own weekly full-length show
it's aptly called the gun show and we
talk about issues facing normal everyday
Canadians in a way the mainstream media
just refuses to but to get access to my
premium show you have to treat yourself
to a rebel subscription today
