that's what's going to happen here good
conservatives are just going to stay
home because principal people won't vote
for people with no principles and that's
what we're seeing here I mean the kind
of stuff that Patrick Brown is being
accused of doing and like you say you
saw evidence of it firsthand in Ontario
with these nominations is the kind of
thing that same otherwise normal
conservatives would light their hair on
fire about if we heard that Justin
Trudeau was doing these sorts of things
but in Ontario for some reason if
conservatives expect Patrick Brown to be
better the natural inclination is for
people to say well you want Kathleen
Wynne to slide into victory one more
time if you just want a more principled
conservative movement it doesn't make
any sense and it is going to lead to the
ultimate fracture of your PC Party which
is actually something Jim Carrey Helios
is trying to prevent no and tell me on
that point Sheila I'm just wondering if
given how awful this liberal provincial
government has been with all the several
multibillion-dollar scandals with wins
declining popularity I don't know if
Sheila can Patrick Brown actually blow
this come June he is blowing it he is
blowing it how do you not be beating
Kathleen Wynne right now yeah we threw
out the PCs for far less they were
trying to build themselves a penthouse
in one of the government buildings and
they were using the government mint or
government airplanes as their private
minivans here in Alberta and we threw
them out because it was too corrupt but
we've seen the PC party in Ontario
they're polling is just going down and
down and down as Kathleen Wynne gets
progressively worse and worse I think
there is no stomach to support a PC
party that is essentially the liberal
light hey that was an excerpt from my
weekly show rebel roundup in which we
highlight the best stories of the week
with your favorite rebels if you want to
see the full show please sign up to
become a Premium Member
you
