if you're like me and most Americans you
hold three things dear to you God your
country and love for Taylor Swift I mean
the girl can do no wrong she's fun she's
relatable she makes catchy hits we all
love she doesn't isolate half her
audience by getting political and this
year she was rewarded by having the
top-selling album in the world whoa you
go Taytay I mean not even the
totalitarian left could find anything
that could destroy our beloved Taytay
that is until t-swizzle had the audacity
to post on her birthday I couldn't have
asked for a better year and that's all
thanks to you unquote and of course the
media left lost its mind and all hell
broke loose first they set their sights
on attacking Taylor Swift's 2017 which
was Trump's year BuzzFeed said quote
Taylor Swift could have asked for a
better year and now people are mad nylon
wrote quote of tourist Hiller Swift is
the only person to enjoy 2017 then it
was all about how Taylor Swift doesn't
care for her fans the people Nashville
wrote quote Taylor Swift's Ticketmaster
scam is why she's capitalism's favorite
pop star now The Associated Taylor Swift
with Trump and hating the people they
went in for the kill
cheep-cheep wrote quote some reputation
how Taylor Swift became a white
supremacy golden child unquote there's
nothing sacred anymore man I hope she
doesn't fall into the trap she knew that
these miserable socialists
bottom-dwelling self-indulgent feminists
brace baiting anti-american anti-trump
leftist in the media don't care about
who you are they care about your
political loyalty I mean they're not
gonna celebrate the fact that a female
artist rose to the top of the charts
this entire year was most popular person
entertainment then it would empower you
unless you agree with them they want you
to be as miserable as they were this
year I mean really the girl that could
do no wrong except for a few bad choices
and boyfriends did nothing wrong she
celebrated her birthday in the
top-selling album of the year summer
fans weren't mad about ticket prices but
when you're so popular that every
stadium sells out five seconds the
ticket prices do go up when you become
that popular and though putting a
successful female artist in the same
category as white supremacist doesn't
make her evil
it makes you a race-baiting loser the
thing is the left just ruins everything
their enjoyment communists then want
everyone to be on the same level as them
lonely and miserable
Taebaek keep doing you you're 28 you're
one of the most popular artists in the
world you've had five top-selling albums
and now you're even triggering the left
with your success and not taking a
stance on politics oh hey babe do you
and keep letting the left lose its mind
in 2018
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
you
