we're gonna have some fun as I explained
to the mainstream media how to speak
Queens and Brooklyn so they can better
understand President Donald Trump
there's a really good piece in The
Federalist entitled to understand Trump
you must speak outer-borough by David
Marcus it's actually great and the BP
says President Trump spent almost almost
all of his childhood in Queens and still
sounds like it even his accent and
facial posture give this away now I'm
very comfortable with the way President
Trump speaks I was very comfortable from
day one I actually enjoy it I love it it
makes me laugh and it's probably because
I'm also a guy from Queens now I'm not
as pronounced in the way I speak in
present as Trump is but I've worked in
media for a bit and before that in
political affairs and so uh I had to
tone it down now when i was in new york
city cop i sounded like a guy from new
york city i had a strong New York accent
and mannerisms but as you go through
your professional career and needs are
what they are you tone it down a bit but
when I'm with my friends from Queens and
Brooklyn and Long Island and parts of
New Jersey I sort of revert I fall back
into those old habits
now you could hear when I when I speak
to you on air but I still have
definitely have a Queens dialect on some
words and I never want to lose that it
makes me who I am I love it it makes me
the individual person that I am and I'm
very proud of where I grew up and I'm
proud of my lifelong friendships and I
want to read you some things in this
piece because they're great now I
watched this interview the other night
with actor Scott Baio a staunch
conservative big supporter of the
president he was talking to Jesse
Watters on Fox News and I was cheering I
was like yes Scott you know he was
really nailing it and nailing the
problem so let me read you some of what
Scott Baio said to Jesse Watters on Fox
he said quote I'm going to help the
media right now okay I'm gonna try to
help them not gonna go anywhere but I'm
going to try to help them because
they've called the president the
president has dementia he's an idiot
he's not mature I'm from Brooklyn
President Trump is from Queens and Scott
basically goes on to say that that's how
we are he says I'm the president from
Queens this is
we do we mess with people that's all now
I can't tell you how accurate and true
this is so to explain that let me give
you some personal observations okay when
I was a new york city cop
back in the 90s i'm in my early 20s a
really strong New York accent I had
those mannerisms now I grew up in a
neighborhood only about five pounds
neighborhoods east of where Donald Trump
grew up in fact I rode this New York
City busses to high school every day
through Donald Trump's neighborhood I
would I would if I wanted to go into
Manhattan from where I lived I had to
pick up the subway and ride through his
neighborhood on the bus to get there and
and I have many many friends who grew up
in the same neighborhood as Donald Trump
Trump sounds like my dad he sounds like
my friend's dad's he sounds like all my
friends in New York but I had dated back
when I was a cop in my early 20s I had
dated this girl from Georgia and she's
very sweet very nice girl in and very
southern very respectable and and light
in the way she presented himself was yes
sir and yes ma'am and no sir and no
ma'am and it was great and she was
horrified aghast at the way my friends
and I spoke to each other now these are
my life long friends we still talk and
text and speak a couple of them every
day others several times a week we've
known each other many many years one of
them I know since I'm seven years old
and despite us living in different
states one's in Maine one is it North
Carolina ones in New York and I'm down
here in Florida we are very close but
the way we would speak to each other
when we were younger and even to this
day what would horrify somebody not used
to that and so I'll never forget I first
time this girl I'm dating back then ever
met my friends and she left and she had
this look on her face it was really
disturbed when we left this particular
bar and she said wow he said I I don't
even know how to react to the way you
guys talk to one enough
I'd walk in the place and it was you
it's not again you know you bet making
fun with each other was wearing and
making fun of each other
Aaron and and making fun of just about
everything and just harassing each other
all night long and laughing hysterically
doing so and it really is just a New
York outer-borough thing now this piece
goes on to say that people from let me
read it to you cuz it's right people
from the outer boroughs exaggerate
everything this quote hyperbolic analogy
is extremely common along the lines of
this freaking guy I'm waiting three days
for a cup of coffee now obviously that
is not meant to be taken literally and
this is what s Kibeho said it's just to
mess with people it's true you're not
literally waiting there for 72 calendar
hours for a cup of coffee but I still do
it
if I'm on the phone with with my friends
and and we talk about you know Jim
Acosta from CNN oh my god this guy is
the biggest moron in the world I mean
Jesus you could go far and wide around
the world and not find a bigger moron
than this guy now is that literally true
or probably not I'm guessing that Jim
Acosta has a good education and one on
one he's probably an intelligent guy
once you get past the politics I'm sure
that in a world of six billion plus
people he's not the biggest moron he's
not the dumbest guy in the world but
it's just the way we speak and that's
what Donald Trump does but we also know
that it's a great way to get under the
skin of people who don't really
understand it now
hyperbolic analogy is a great way to to
analyze the president's North Korea
tweet II North Korean nuclear button
tweet now of course now of course the
President of the United States
understands that this isn't a Looney
Tunes cartoon we don't have a big red
nuclear button on his desk of course he
understands that the media would have
you believe he doesn't because CNN and
all the usual suspects were
fact-checking Sarah Sanders when she
talked about a nuclear button also
remember that the term nuclear button
was first used by Kim from North Korea
so the president knowing how to get
under his skin using his outer-borough
New York City isms that is basically my
nuclear button is bigger than yours
essentially to say well annihilate you
if you get out of hand now the president
clearly in saying nuclear buttons
referring to our nuclear arsenal the
protocols one must go through to launch
nuclear weapons what he was really
saying was
if you even think about launching
nuclear weapons the United States much
more powerful much more accurate much
greater nuclear arsenal is going to be
aimed directly at you and will
annihilate you but it's a lot more
effective to say I've got a bigger
nuclear button than you do and I'll use
it oh by the way mine works in reference
to Kim and North Korea's missiles
falling into the sea president saying
the u.s. missiles are 50-plus years of
Technology they've been perfected they
can hit a bull's-eye from many thousands
of miles away so you know take a step
back Kim and understand who you're
dealing with here
and unfortunately the media doesn't get
that and and I like I like that I like
that that in the article they use the
term truthful hyperbole because that's
really what it is you also have to
understand why Trump gets aggressive
with the mainstream media and Korea and
some of the people that are perceived as
enemies and adversary when you grow up
outside of New York you are really about
your group your team okay here at the
Revel I really love working here and
being on air at the rebel and I and the
people who work here are wonderful from
the production team to Ezra who runs the
network to the hosts and many of them I
haven't met in person but now they're
part of my team so if an outsider were
to attack them I'm going to respond just
as aggressively in their defense as I
would if someone at the rebels who I
work with every day was attacked someone
that I know personally people that I've
now become my friends even those hosts
and those other staffers that I don't
know they're still gonna get that same
aggressive defense from me because
they're part of my team and that really
is culturally the way we grew up in the
outer boroughs of New York City when
somebody's from your neighborhood when
they're you're a friend or a friend of
your friends or you know work in the
same place where you go to the same
school they become part of your team you
can joke around with them you can beat
them up you can insult them in a
laughing way and you guys jab back and
forth but an outside or better not do
that an outsider better never do that
because they're gonna see the wrath if
they do and that's really how a guy like
Donald Trump sees America and Americans
you didn't have to vote for him but now
you're part of his team now you're one
of his people now you're an American
citizen
that he's protecting you're one of his
own and that's why he reverts back to
that tough Queens guy who came up in the
tough real estate business in New York
who came up in the tough world of
Finance in New York and he's gonna
protect you like he's gonna protect his
own family and that's what a lot of
people in the media don't understand and
I really like the way that that Marcus
wrote this piece because in his last his
closing paragraph it's closing the
section actually several paragraphs he
said let's move on for pete's sake we're
better or worse this is the leadership
that the American people voted for when
they elected Trump unlike much of the
media those voters understand what when
understand when Trump is joking or being
hyperbolic the most important piece of
this he says they get it and they like
it and he's a hundred percent right
the guys who swing hammers for a living
carpenters my old friends the cops the
firemen they love it because Trump
sounds like them he sounds like their
friends and their brothers and their
dads and their uncles and they they it
resonates with them they're comfortable
with it they enjoy it finally somebody's
speaking with them not at them somebody
who's speaking as if he's on their level
he understands their frustration not
dictating to them how he the elite is
going to solve the problems of the
masses of the plebeian peasants Trump
doesn't speak down to people he's a
billionaire who connects with the iron
worker the plumber the factory worker
the assembly line guy and that is a gift
that is a communications gift that is
grossly underestimated by the mainstream
media
he says the colorful language of queens
and kings counties Kings County we don't
know his Brooklyn works differently than
the state and plain words used in
Manhattan in Washington DC but they
still work and many times are much more
effective because it much more pithy and
powerful
and he's saying that we should avoid
silly disputes about buttons literal or
metaphorical future but the media should
heed Scott Baio's advice and instead of
piling up examples of obvious hyperbole
they should just realize what Trump is
saying Trump he says accurately brushes
it off and goes on his merry way because
he does one of the other things you
learn when you're a guy from Queens or
Brooklyn or those areas is you become
pretty thick-skinned because as much as
you dish it out you better be able to
take it because if you can't take it
you're not gonna be hanging out with
that group of guys much long girls much
longer and Trump is a guy who
understands he dishes it out but he
takes it right back and then he gives it
back harder and people say well that's
thin-skinned no that's about winning you
dish it out you get it back you dish it
out harder ultimately somebody's gonna
somebody's gonna blink and we don't want
our president to blink so I love that he
does that they end this by saying and I
thought it was a perfect ending
is Trump going to change how he talks
again about it that being the case the
news needs to stop needs to learn to
speak Queens and stop treating the
president and his speech the way they
treat typical politicians really not
that hard and it's true
they want everyone to be like them
they're hysterical that Trump tweets
that he doesn't go through them for
dissemination of information they're
hysterical that Trump is aggressive when
they like and I'm talking about they
being the mainstream media elites and
they and their liberal cronies and
politics in the public they want a
pacifist a a capitulation I co Bhama
they don't like a strong United States
they want globalism not American
exceptionalism not an America first
agenda and they want someone looks acts
and sounds like them not an outsider
who's disrupted their little party and
is about to burn down the stranglehold
they've had on DC for too many years you
like this content if you find it as fun
as I find bringing it to you please
subscribe to our premium service at www
forward slash shows you're already a
subscriber thank you very very much and
be sure to check out my new much longer
show off-the-cuff Declassified where we
go much deeper in all these topics great
guests much much more thanks
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
