now the news story doesn't reproduce the
justice ministers letter to Campbell but
they quote a passage from it in her
emailed letter of response to Campbell
Wilson Reybold expressed sympathy for
his difficulties and informed him the
government was considering resurrecting
section 13 quote I know your suggestion
that the government should bring back
the legislation that was in the Canadian
Human Rights Act to deal with hate
messages on the Internet the minister
wrote it may interest you to know that
this option is currently under review
now two years ago in May of 2016 we had
the rebel filed and access to
information request to the Canadian
Human Rights Commission asking for any
records about whether or not section 13
were something similar to it
was being considered to be restored and
they wrote back saying that all of that
information was legally privileged it
was confidential but we were still able
to see as you could say pages 1 2 3 did
you see that there we were still able to
glean that they indeed had three pages
of records on that subject so it is
being discussed at least three pages
about it and that was two years ago
remember so they're talking about him I
bet they've gone a lot farther since
then do you doubt it's coming you doubt
it of course it's coming and I bet it's
coming in cans on in conjunction with
m103 that's the anti Islamaphobia motion
the censorship motion that the Liberals
pass that are now building out that's
the motion that calls for a quote
whole-of-government effort to quell
Islamophobia this is a Couric holid the
MP for Mississauga who brought the
motion forward they never define what
Islamophobia means but I know what it
means it means calling in the Canadian
Human Rights Commission and letting them
bully their political enemies without
any due process that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
