how far will a justice system go in
order to mollycoddle the worst criminals
would you believe holding a trial in
secret as we reported a few months ago
notorious child killer Jon Venables is
back in the news again when Venables was
10 he and his pal Robert Thompson led 2
year-old James Bulger out of a shopping
mall in Merseyside England the duo then
proceeded to torture the tot to death
little Jaime Bulger endured so many
injuries to his tiny body that not even
the coroner was able to determine which
injury proved to be the fatal blow but
once it was determined that Venables and
Thompson were indeed the murderers the
UK justice system has seemingly gone out
of its way to accommodate these killers
after serving only eight years in the
slammer they were given secret
identities and were relocated far from
the scene of the crime it was kind of
like the witness protection program in
Reverse given that the bad guys not the
informants we're getting new IDs and
knew stomping grounds actually Venables
is already on his second secret identity
because he can't stop getting into
trouble
there was a drunken street fight there
was possession of cocaine oh and
possession and distribution of child
pornography he got two years in jail for
that one but he's been free since 2013
but it's hard to teach an old degenerate
new tricks
thus Venables has been charged yet again
for possessing child abuse images now
everyone including scum like Venables
deserves their day in court heck maybe
he's not even guilty this time but get
this
when Venables does go on trial it will
be at an undisclosed courtroom at an
undisclosed date and all the proceedings
will be held in secret the Crown
Prosecution Service issued the following
statement quote in order that justice
can be
done no further details are being
released at this stage and the
proceedings are subject to reporting's
restrictions end quote
you got that in order for justice to be
done justice won't be seen to be done
the trial will be secret non-transparent
and it won't even be witnessed by a
member of the public or reported on by a
member of the press since when is
justice in a Western democracy conducted
in a secret star chamber but the crown
is seemingly obsessed with making sure
Venables doesn't blow his second secret
identity or that he might later have to
deal with so-called street justice in
the aftermath regardless of the results
a secret trial is nothing short of a
miscarriage of justice indeed in a
Telegraph story about Venables lawyer
Geoffrey Robertson had this to say quote
there's good reason to protect the
identity of Venables allowing him to
give evidence from behind a curtain or
on a video link only the judge can see
but the public must be entitled to learn
the facts of the case the prosecution
case any details of his defense or his
mitigation and the reasoning of the
judge in summing up and passing sentence
any judge who went along with the Crown
Prosecution Services idea of keeping
these proceedings a total mystery would
not be fit for office end quote
but apparently that's how they roll in
the UK these days when it comes to
protecting the worst of the worst indeed
there are some 23,000 known jihadis
freely roaming the streets of Britain
today barely any of whom are being
monitored but Oh
law enforcement has plenty of dough to
monitor those who make insensitive
tweets commit a crime in the
Constabulary shrugs make a politically
incorrect statement about a religion or
a culture and you might have someone in
a badge knocking on your door at 4:00 in
the morning in fact when it comes to
Venables the UK prison system has
already invested some five million
pounds into the rehabilitation of this
guy I guess the people cutting the
checks want to see a return on the
taxpayers investment that this monster
will one day miraculously transformed
himself into a model citizen and the
rest of us can simply forgive and forget
but in addition to being a slap in the
face to the victims of Venables and the
family of Jamie Bulger this ongoing
rehabilitation experiment increasingly
appears to be a case of throwing good
money after bad and the fact that any
justice system would allow its
principles to be so perverted in order
to protect the rights of a pervert
can there be any greater mockery of
justice than that for the rebel media
I'm David the men's roid menzies like
what you just saw then consider becoming
a premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
