for the rebel dot media I'm as relevant
standing in the heart of London the
street is called Old Bailey that is the
nickname for the Central Criminal Court
of London we're today in a hearing
lasting less than 20 minutes
the highest judge of the Old Bailey
going from memory his name is nicholas
hilliard QC he's the most senior judge
there I think his title is reporter he
had a case management hearing for
Tommy's contempt of court trial now what
does that mean
that means it was not the substantive
hearing of did Tommy do something right
or wrong it was a planning meeting Tommy
was ready to go I know this because I
had consulted with Tommy as recently as
yesterday on some of the matters he was
set to testify in his witness statement
Tommy was ready his solicitors were
ready and he had a new barrister who was
ready as well
yet the government in the form of the
Attorney General's appointee was not
ready and the judge himself was not
ready and so the matter is now put over
to October 23rd October 23rd almost a
month from now and why is that important
because when Tommy was arrested by seven
or eight policemen and put in the back
of a truck
in Leeds on May 25th he was taken from
the street to a police truck to a police
station to court to prison all of those
steps arrests prosecution conviction and
sentence and off to prison in five hours
in five hours that would be what we call
a drumhead trial if that were to be done
in a place like Venezuela or Iran we
would say that's obviously a political
stitch-up especially if it was done to a
journalist but my point is in five hours
Tommy's liberties were taken away and
here the Attorney General has taken five
months another delay this was supposed
to happen on September 4th that it was
supposed to happen today September 27th
now maybe it'll happen on October 23rd
if there's not another delay now where I
come from if you don't if the crown of
the government delays again and again
and again the defendant the accused can
have the matter thrown out because it's
a constitutional right at least where I
come from to have a speedy trial and I
come from Canada which is a daughter
legally and constitutionally in the
United Kingdom so I think the very fact
that this whole hearing was in the Old
Bailey the most serious criminal court
if you look at the other cases on the
docket
the Westminster those recent and
Westminister terrorist is being tried
here other murder and terrorism cases
why is a minor matter of civil contempt
being heard at the most grave criminal
court in the land by the most senior
judge used to murder cases I'm not
saying contempt of court is a trifle but
I am saying that as illegal species is
it is not a crime it's more similar to a
parking ticket you don't get a criminal
record
you don't go to criminal court for a
parking ticket
and yet Tommy's case what will be heard
at Old Bailey on October 23rd that in
itself is alarming obviously it's
alarming that this matter is going back
for a second case a second trial again
to use the north-american idea of double
jeopardy he was improperly tried
convicted sentenced and punished
according to the court of appeal the
Court of Appeal of United Kingdom led by
no one less than the Lord Chief Justice
himself said that every element of the
way Tommy was treated on May 25th was
inappropriate and yet they get a do-over
they got a do-over
it wasn't Tommy's screw-up and and yet
he must come again with his three
lawyers again do you know how much that
costs
I happen to know because I'm doing the
crowdfunding for it and that goes to my
thesis that they're trying to break
Tommy
psychologically physically and
financially and it has nothing to do
with the alleged offense that he's
committed it is a collateral attack on
him an asymmetrical attack on him to
shut him up politically I want to tell
you something that that you may have
seen if you watched
longer interview that I sat down with
Tommy a couple weeks ago for a couple
hours if you haven't seen it yet may I
recommend you watch that video Tommy
said and I think it I think it was in
the video when he was in prison an
officer of what they call tag over here
in North America who would probably be
called parole an officer came to visit
him in jail and said we're getting ready
for when you're finally released on
parole and we have some conditions for
you all right what are the conditions do
they relate to the original manner so if
the matter of contempt of court was
legitimate if they were really worried
that Tommy was interfering with the
integrity of a trial perhaps a bail
condition would be you can't report on
trials involving rape gangs okay that at
least has some Nexus there right if the
conditions would be you can't set foot
on a court during a trial but what
conditions did they say they wanted to
put on Tommy nothing to do with rape
gangs nothing to do with courts the tag
officer the parole officer who came to
Tommy's cell saying we're getting we're
gonna release you in a number of months
but the condition is you may not use the
internet at all for any reason
whatsoever any journalist agrees in any
political reason even as a livelihood
and Tommy makes his living now as a
journalist what on earth this Tommy have
a Facebook page of Tommy making YouTube
videos or Tommy sending emails what on
earth does that have to do with the
alleged reason that Tommy is in court
you see my point if this whole legal
process was genuinely because Tommy had
done a certain thing wrong in leads on
that day in May 25th then you would
imagine that any bail conditions and
each had conditions would pertain
thereto but they said no Tommy will let
you out will let you out Tommy but only
if you never communicate to the world
again other than by snail mail just see
my point the reason why the bail officer
the parole officer wanted him to
to be banned from the internet had
nothing to do with he alleged he did
wrong it's the fact that trying to shut
Tommy Robinson up the fact that he was
the first journalist jailed in more than
70 years it's just because they want to
take him off the streets and shut him up
the fact that they put him in a
dangerous prison and forced him into
solitary confinement is because they
want to shut him up either by breaking
him or frankly having him killed
and that's why hundreds of people are
still here hours after Tommy was
released and I would estimate that there
was at least 1,500 people here earlier
today chanting his name and they were I
counted I think there were 16 an tyfa
protestors on the left I'm gonna wrap up
my my summary here I will probably have
a few other videos on specific issues
later I interviewed my former rebel
alumnus Gavin McInnes who I'm delighted
to say came up here to witness the court
today I think it's important that more
Americans cover this story I'm glad the
rebel has filled a void but let me close
by asking where's the British media now
there were eight journalists in that
room but will they report accurately and
will they report even close to fairly
well the proof of the prunings and the
tasting we'll see later but my
experience covering Tommy's court cases
in July and August tells me that
mainstream media journalists in the
court house itself
lie about basic facts and plenty of
journalists who didn't even bother to
come to court are misleading and so I
regret that it falls to the citizen
journalists and you can see around me
how many citizens have their cell phone
cameras that are tweeting and
facebooking isn't it something that
citizen journalists have to fill the gap
I think we need more conservative
journalists to rebut the liberal
journalist I'll end on that note all my
reports my video reports will be at
Tommy Trial calm feel free to see them
they're cost me about 1,500 bucks to fly
over here and I'm staying one night in a
staying one night in a hotel if you can
help chip in please go to Tommy Trial
calm I will be back on October 23rd
because we've got to tell the truth as
long as Tommy's in jeopardy for the
rebel Damini I'm Ezra Levin I'm here in
the UK for Tommy's second contempt of
court trial to see all my videos on the
subject go to Tommy trial calm
you
