boom Aberdeen and Anthony Weiner have
decided not to get divorced but many of
us don't think it's true love at all
we think it's spousal privilege all of a
sudden that divorce is off the table
from the court system it's quite
possible that Huma Abedin is saying if
you and I get divorced you can be forced
to testify against me about certain
things and if we're not divorced spousal
privileges remain and you can you can
actually say I will not testify against
my wife because she's my wife so this is
Anthony Weiner's way of protecting her
and that is one of the things that may
be happening here so in your experience
and you've a lot of experience you're
honestly one of the most knowledgeable
guys I know on these topics you do feel
as I do that they're pulling this
divorce off the table because there
might be imminent even in criminal
charges against him a body right well I
don't know if there's imminent but I
will say there's something very
strategic going on here from her legal
camp and it's something that we need to
keep an eye on and look at it carefully
because there's all sorts of
maneuverings that are gonna happen in
the next month or two as as the
investigations continue okay and you use
the word as we were just talking about
all these various topics you use the
word reasonable
he said that when you were in the
prosecutor's office you described
yourself as a reasonable prosecutor and
I see you smiling can you know where I'm
going with this James Comey said that
the reason he decided not to further
criminal charges on Hillary Clinton to
the Department of Justice for
prosecution is because hey there was no
intent which you just said wasn't
required but be that no reasonable
prosecutor would have prosecuted now
like I said earlier we know each other
thirteen years you're one of the
smartest guys on this stuff that I know
world expert I wish I could convey to
the audience how many groups and global
organizations have brought you in to
train their people to testify I've
actually worked with him who we've
traveled to various police academies the
US Marshal the FBI the UN Interpol and
the guy really is I'm bringing you a
guest here that's a world expert on this
in your opinion and you being what I
consider to be a very smart strategic
and reasonable prosecutor
if what you see on Huma Abedin was
presented to you by federal
investigators would you move forward
with the prosecution I think most
reasonable prosecutors would move
forward and I think more important than
this and anything else what I found most
interesting about mr. Comey was that he
was speaking for the prosecutors he was
not a prosecutor it was an investigator
break down an FBI person there an
investigator that was his role to
investigate and then present to the
prosecutors for them to make decisions
the fact that he did it on his own he
actually stepped outside the bounds of
what his role is traditionally as the
FBI director or as an FBI agent or and
that for all of us reasonable
prosecutors or former prosecutors was
the most surprising part and then to
speak on our behalf or are you know if
we were in the government on our behalf
was the second most surprising part that
was an excerpt from my new one our daily
show off the cuff Declassified I hope
you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed
bringing it to you and if you do become
a Premium Member that way you'll get
full access to every one of my daily
shows
you
