feminism has finally killed off our
longest running sci-fi franchise okay so
I know I usually come on here and talk
about politics that's my whole thing
right I come on here
I'd moan about politics you guys love it
I hope and that's that but today I
thought I'd do something a bit different
and talk about Doctor Who you all know
I'm sure that the the new doctors are
woman for the first time and I'm gonna
have to admit for the nature of this
show today I'm gonna have to admit that
I am a bit of a Doctor Who nerd I do
like sci-fi
I remember the missus once talking
publicly with somebody about how I
watched Doctor Who and I wasn't judging
her and saying quiet be quiet well I'm
gonna have to admit it today I love
Doctor Who loved it since I was a kid
and I love the whole dynamic of the show
as well which I think is so important
the grumpy old man in particular the
first doctor sets that example and then
his sidekicks who balance him out and
the sidekicks traditionally are women I
feel like it can kind of relate to the
doctor actually I'm grumpy and old in my
head and the people around me balance me
out particularly the women and that's a
good point that's an important thing
because people have for a long time said
that the doctor must become a woman in
order to set a good example for women
but don't you think that actually the
the nature of having a grumpy old man
are smart but grumpy and sometimes a
rational man who was balanced out by a
woman who would set him on the straight
path make him think about things in a
more human way making think about things
more rationally men are intelligent but
were also dumb and stupid and irrational
and angry and women balances out and
that's what this show did it showed
women balancing out grumpy old violence
sometimes men in fact the doctors a male
character who's fond and bubbly but
deeply sad and angry as well and it's
the women who help him overcome his
shortcomings we saw that in the episode
for the fiftieth anniversary special the
day of the doctor wrote was clora
and the moment as Rose Tyler who
balanced him out and showed him that
actually he can go back
time he can change what he did he blew
up his whole civilization it was the
women who helped him realize he didn't
have to do that he can go back and he
can change it but now that's all
changing the dynamics gone the the
rational sane women balancing out the
grumpy angry old man is out the window
because feminism right and the BBC's not
even shy about it the BBC is quite clear
that it's feminism take a look at this
clip
oops this is some Hillary Clinton level
crap isn't it ooh
smashed glass ceiling and a new female
doctor so edgy might say nothing about
the fact that you've just forced far
left politics into a a classic show
that's only ever had one political
statement and that was standing up to
tyranny cuz let's be honest the Daleks
obviously Nazis right we all know that
the Daleks are the Nazis and the premise
of the show was fighting against tyranny
and violence and the TV show showed
young people and big kids like me that
it's good to stand up to
authoritarianism but now work out out
how tiring to authoritarianism because
the show is all about feminism about
female empowerment to hell with men and
up the women right I've already seen the
trailer where she comes on she has her
new companions if they'll be her new
best friends like they've made it so
soft come on and here's what I think
should have happened with dr. who by the
way rather than edging in the far left
politics and pushing feminism in and
making the new character a woman
actually they should have created new
female roles or allowed existing female
roles to come to the forefront so Missy
who replaced the master rather than
making the master into what a woman I
think they should have brought Missy in
as a brand new character Missy is a
great character really well written I
think really interesting and the actress
is amazing can't falter but there should
have been a new character entirely and
if they wanted a female lead with the
doctor why not bring back River Song
anything's possible in the world of
sci-fi and Doctor Who bring back River
Song she was an amazing character it set
an example for the doctor she overcome
great shortcomings she was a professor
she was a Time Lord or half Time Lord
and she could fly the TARDIS better than
the doctor is that not a great lead for
women but what's happened now is the
role model for boys has just been
stripped away and girls told that well
boys don't matter edge the boys aside
girls because you're empowered and
important to this isn't good for kids
and I don't think this is good for
society either
don't forget TV has a big impact on our
lives especially when it's a such a
classic show that has a huge franchise
surrounding it books and radio shows and
cultural references it's been going on
for decades of course it's important for
sci-fi nerds like me it's not great
either because it makes for a bad
viewing it's not good for the legacy of
this amazing show which is now gonna be
coming out in October with the new
female lead if you're still interested
in it and it proves to me this whole
shenanigans and accepting that this show
is over
essentially it proves to me that
nothing's sacred and I think it's time
for us to just let go of the show the
left won't stop until they've destroyed
everything that we love and they won't
stop until they change the way that we
bring kids up they don't want kids to
think that men and women are different
but balance each other out they want to
think that men and women are exactly the
same because they want to destroy all
barriers that make us different they
want to destroy all barriers of
difference and have us all as this this
one weird homogeneous mass that is
politically indoctrinated it's pretty
sad isn't it the left won't stop until
they've destroyed everything they love
their nasty vindictive bullies and they
don't want anybody to have any joy in
their lives and that includes with
television series catch up with all the
rebel stories on our brand new app which
you can download now from the Google
Play Store and the Apple App Store
you
