with the Winter Olympics here I find it
necessary to shed a bit of light on the
mainstream media's attempt to villainize
American pride in caucasian citizens in
general by talking about and revisiting
the most bizarre story of the 2016
olympics ryan lochte bragging all the
rules and why we just need to be aware
of the bias and wait for facts to come
through when the coverage in South Korea
inevitably swings way left I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood without
question this was the most talked-about
story in Rio
Kevin Ben Valkenburg a senior writer for
ESPN The Magazine said quote this is an
example of white privilege with the
whole world watching the media told us
we should shun our Olympic champion
because he represents the evil in
America America bad rio good diversity
is our strength it's funny how the most
sensational stories that agree with the
left never get talked about or get new
in-depth coverage when new information
comes out will you ever hear about the
Roy Moore accusations again will they
ever revisit the motivations of the Las
Vegas shooter no the narrative is
already out there Republicans are evil
guns are evil everyone else shut up
diversity is our strength a great
example of this is the Ryan Lochte story
how many people out there knew that this
year this summer they're struggling even
corrupt legal courts in Brazil cleared
American Ryan Lochte of any criminal
wrongdoing that's right a group of
American swimmers did something stupid
got drunk peed on some grass security
came up with a gun pointed at them
demanded money and extorted them before
they could leave I mean I'm frustrated
just hearing that when the final court
hearings came out in Brazil and the
worst part knowing this was a big deal
that wasn't get tons of cupboards the
Brazilian government tried to cover it
up and spin it towards them by seizing
passports of our olympics and dragging
them off airplanes because this needed
to go to court because they knew once it
got into the mainstream media they would
never follow up and tell us what really
happened
ryan lochte may not be the sharpest tool
in the shed but he is my champion he's
an American just because Ryan is not
competing in the oppression Olympics
doesn't mean that we should not stand up
for our citizens and criticize the hell
out of the mainstream media
throwing our people to the international
walls for their own political brownie
points with the anti-american left I'm
talking to you ESPN ABC MSNBC I'm in
Daviess this is pure Hollywood all right
if you like this video and others like
it please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you'll have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
