president Donald Trump is going to bring
about a rural American Renaissance
meanwhile up here in Canada Justin
Trudeau is treating farmers like tax
cheats and taxing them even more Donald
Trump has made some major announcements
at this week's American Farm Bureau
annual convention in Nashville Tennessee
included in the president's long list of
announcements that will benefit rural
Americans are allowing all American
businesses including American farmers to
deduct 100% of the cost of new equipment
in the year the business makes that
investment Trump is also targeting his
opioid task force to examine how best to
help rural America deal with the crisis
Trump has promised to renegotiate NAFTA
to make it more fair for America's
farmers now that is a direct dig at
Canada's supply managed a dairy cartel
Trump also promised to increase
broadband internet access in farming
communities imagine doing modern
business with terrible internet service
and Trump will effectively end the death
tax otherwise known as the estate tax by
doubling the threshold of exemption to
the death text to 11 million dollars
this will eliminate the largest
financial barrier to young farmers
inheriting their farms from their
parents and Trump is keeping his
promises to them by giving farmers tax
breaks and repealing onerous regulations
President Donald Trump is about to
unleash a time of unheralded growth and
innovation in agriculture across
America's rural communities farmers will
be feeding more people and doing it in a
more affordable way which will of course
trickle down to the American consumer
everywhere it is fantastic news we know
cheaper food helps everyone but it
especially helps the poor meanwhile in
progressive Canada though Canadian
farmers are getting the Canadian version
of the estate tax with Finance Minister
Bill Morneau
so-called tax
forms on corporations the changes to
capital gains laws will actually make it
more expensive for a young farmer to
inherit their own family farm than it
would be to just buy land from a third
party only an Ottawa progressive could
draft legislation that awful and
Canadian farmers are also being accused
of being tax cheats by paying family to
work on the farm ethics challenged
silver spoon millionaire Bill Morneau
slightly calls this practice of
compensating family for their work
income sprinkling he says he's just
going to put a stop to it and closer to
home while American farmers are getting
tax breaks and regulatory repeals
Alberta farmers just got another hike in
the carbon tax and are trying to sort
out all the punitive safety and
expensive regulations in bill six Trump
is focused on the opioid crisis trying
to make living in rural America safer
and yet in Alberta premier Rachel Notley
ignored the victims of violent crime
from rural Alberta as they sat in the
legislature to demand an emergency
debate about the rural crime epidemic
happening here in Alberta I'm happy to
see rural America finally get its due to
see what's long been considered flyover
country we finally appreciated the way
people who feed an entire country should
be Trump values the work of the common
man the work people do with their hands
and with their backs it's a stark
contrast to the pretentious Hillary
Clinton who promised to put entire parts
of rural America out of work as a
campaign promise because we're gonna put
a lot of coal miners and coal companies
out of business right Tim and we're
gonna make it clear that we don't want
to forget those people but I'm worried
I'm worried for Canadian farmers who
have to compete in a global marketplace
when our progressive governments punish
them for trying to succeed and trying to
give their families what they've worked
for we have people in office in Alberta
ended Ottawa who shared Hillary
Clinton's disdain and disgust for blue
collar work for a downtown New Yorker
President Donald Trump sure understands
what it takes to succeed in farming
farmers want what all businesspeople
want no matter where you live on the
continent fewer regulations lower taxes
the ability to innovate and a safe place
to raise our families and to do business
for the raveled media
I'm Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own weekly show here on the
rebel it's of course called the gun show
and we tackle issues facing Albertans
like Rachael notley's ongoing attacks on
our agricultural communities to get
access to my show and all of our premium
content become a rebel subscriber today
