remember Yvette falaqa the antifa middle
school teacher who despite her own small
stature seems to think might makes right
you know the one who tries to recruit
her middle school students for protests
and he's had four different criminal
cases levied against her
well she now has a reason to obey the
law in $11,000 reason to be precise you
see the Superior Court of Alameda County
ordered Flaco to pay $11,000 for the
attorney fees of Troy warden the former
president of UC Berkeley's College
Republicans falaqa had previously filed
for a restraining order against warden
but dropped the case before its
completion I can't speak for a warden
but you wouldn't need to order me to
keep away from this
Court Commissioner Thomas rash said
falaka had not filed for the order in
good faith meanwhile Harmeet Dylan of
Dylan law firm representing warden said
this marks the second time in two months
that falaka and her lawyers have been
ordered by an area court to pay the
attorney fees of their opponents for
filing legally and factually unsupported
claims in court true victims of
harassment stalking assault need the
courts to be available to them as a
priority not clogged with fabricated
claims pursued in bad faith meanwhile
full Arcas attorney
Shanta driver said that the
commissioners decision says to every
woman out there that if you file for a
restraining order and don't pursue the
case you are subject to these court fees
we can't have this message given to
women especially now and there are the
beginnings of a period where women feel
that can go forward against men
harassing them stalking them using their
power over woman right but how many of
those harassed women punched innocent
people and defended a riot costing a
hundred thousand dollars as a reasonable
response to a controversial speaker and
so whatever it was gonna take to do that
we were all there with a United cause
and we were stunningly successful let's
not forget that falaka who teaches that
Martin Luther King junior middle school
transported students to and from
protests in her personal vehicle and
obtained permission from parents who
didn't who don't understand English well
and did not fully understand this is not
a school approved trip where falaka was
taking their children that it was a
political event or that there would be
police in hazards presence let's not
forget that full Arcas own principal
banned her from taking students to
another Berkley rally saying it was an
opportunity for falaka to indoctrinate
students and use them to support her own
political agenda but let's also not
forget that justice typically does get
served particularly if you're
representing a group the US government
has finally outright labeled domestic
terrorists for campus unmasked I'm Rob
schrab Jacque if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum
campus unmasked calm
