welcome back well last summer we told
you about the curious case of a small
Christian school in the small town of
Kingman Alberta it's called the
cornerstone Christian Academy and as you
can tell it's their middle name their
Christian they believe in Christian
values that's okay
there's also Jewish schools in Alberta
and Muslim schools in Alberta and I
don't know off top of my head but I
wouldn't surprise me if there's a Sikh
school in Alberta too and the
Cornerstone Christian Academy asked to
join the local school board called the
battle riffle River School division and
they signed a contract allowing and
permitting the Christian character of
the school well that didn't sit right
after a while with some of the
politicians in the battle River school
division they demanded that the
Cornerstone Christian Academy stopped
referring to certain passages from the
Bible they literally named certain
verses of the Bible that they said could
be offensive and if the school didn't
stop referring to them they would be
kicked out in the end they kept that
threat and have terminated their
contract with the school giving them one
year's notice to find a new home well
this of course is illegal discrimination
based on religion you might recall last
year we spoke to our friend John carpe
the boss of the Justice Center for
constitutional freedoms who took up the
case of the Cornerstone Christian
Academy he joins us now and he has some
news John welcome back great to see you
again and happy new year happy new year
is right John did I correctly retell the
facts of the cornerstone Christian
Academy and the battle rivers school
division yes the fundamental dispute was
about the school's right to be a
Christian school and study all of the
Bible the school board was was demanding
that certain verses pertaining to a
Christian view on on sexuality in
marriage
that those verses not be studied or read
and that's that's the crux of it there
was a side battle as well about the
school board wanting to place at a gag
order on the school that would have
prevented the school from communicating
with parents and reporting to parents
about the school board's behavior and so
the school board refused the gag order
and then and then the the agreement was
terminated that's and by the way the
Christian nature of this school has
never been hidden it's right there in
the name I think all that's changed here
is in the person of Laurie score II
that's the name of the boss of the
school board she just will not tolerate
passages of the Bible that she doesn't
like or that other political bureaucrats
don't like it's so bizarre to me I mean
III follow the Old Testament I'm a Jew
but Christians follow the New Testament
the books are the books they're not
subject to editing I mean you take the
Bible or you don't the fact that a
politician would say well I don't like
that passage and I don't like that
passage I mean that that might be their
own homemade approach to religion that's
fine for themselves but for them to
demand that of a Christian school that
almost sounds so ham-fisted it can't
even be real but that's that's real made
they literally listed certain passages
of the Bible that were no longer okay in
the in the eyes of the school board
again I want you to confirm this because
you're so immersed in the facts I'm just
reviewing the facts is that really what
happened yeah there's a passage from
Corinthians and it is quite outrageous
I'm shocked at how other media are
calling though the CBC calls the school
controversial for rejecting the School
Board's demand the CBC does not call the
school board controversial you know as
if it's par for the course that a school
board is gonna ask a Muslim school to
not read or study certain passages of
the Koran or not ask a Sikh school and
there are six schools in Alberta to not
read certain passages of their sacred
scriptures or to ask a Jewish school to
not read certain passages
the story of the exodus because that's
being mean to Egyptians and we don't
want any anti Egyptian bigotry
so hey Jews don't read the book of
Exodus like you would just look at such
a politician and say you are crazy and
even if you weren't crazy that's not
allowed in the chart of rights okay
let's skip ahead to today's news you
have done what you are one of the only
people in the country doing you have
come to the aid of this school board and
you have the story of the school and you
have filed a court application on behalf
of the school tell me a little bit about
the this is a form of a lawsuit tell me
a little bit about the lawsuit what
you're asking the court to say and what
your arguments are in a nutshell we're
asking the court to reverse the June
2017 decision of the school board to to
kick the school out of the school
district so asking for reversal of that
and the grounds are that the master
agreement between the school board in
the school states that it can only be
terminated in the best interest of
students and the school board has not
provided any reason or facts or evidence
or data as to why or how it might
possibly be in the best interest of
students to get this school which which
has become dependent on the government
funding and suddenly kick the school out
of the school board and that's the thing
isn't it it it's not just the the
bizarre censorship it's if they're
kicked out of this school board all the
taps are turned off and all those
families obviously they pay taxes and
this school board is going to say no you
have no access to your educational tax
dollars go and try and find someone else
to pay I mean so those parents would
have to double pay if they it's it's so
punitive and that's you mentioned the
CBC called the school controversial the
school board which wants to take a black
marker and block out parts of the Bible
and shut down the school and cut off
funding apparently that's not
controversial John I find it so
frustrating you're the
guys fighting for this we're trying to
help a little bit last summer I think we
sent you about fifty five hundred
dollars for this case you've done a lot
of work on this you filed the court
application can we try and scare up a
couple thousand dollars more to help
defray your costs I know this school is
poor they don't have money if we asked
our viewers to raise if we can try and
get you a couple grand would that help
defray your costs every bit helps the
court actions are extensive we have
three full-time staff lawyers working at
the Justice Center we've got over a
dozen cases on the goal all across
Canada and we don't ask for or receive
any government funding so any time that
we get voluntary donations
that's what pays 100% of what we do well
let's see if we can help now I would
like to post on our website for all our
viewers to see the actual application
that's the legal document you filed so
we'll put that in a PDF that people can
read because I think our people really
like to look at the details to look at
the law being used to protect Christians
in the public square that's really
what's going on here I got one last
question to you John I mean I know in my
bones that if this were a Jewish school
that was told you can't teach Exodus
anymore because it's mean or if this was
a Muslim school being told yet you can't
teach certain provisions even about the
G hat there would be all sorts of press
coverage is it has it become the norm
the default setting in both politics and
the media that Christians no longer have
true freedom of religion in the public
square are these is this normal now or
are we still dealing with anomalies and
outrageous cases you know the freedom of
religion is rapidly disappearing if the
current trends are not fought and fought
hard fought aggressively fought
uncompromising ly and I don't I don't
mean necessarily only the court actions
although that that's part of the picture
but just people in your daily lives
daily interactions to stand up for
religious freedom on Facebook on Twitter
in the workplace so on and so forth
because yeah there is a very aggressive
move against religious freedom we see
with eternity western court case that
the Supreme Court heard just just last
month we see it in the Battle River
School division in in Alberta and we see
it in various ways across Canada so yeah
sadly yes the religious freedom of
Christians in particular is under heavy
attack you know I don't see thus far a
lot of cases of Muslims Sikhs Jews
Hindus having their religious freedom
being channeled punched yeah well I tell
you John we support you so much here and
as I mentioned before I'm Jewish myself
but I believe that the Jews have a
special obligation to help righteous
Christians I mean during the Holocaust
I've mentioned this to friends before
there were righteous Gentiles those were
Christians that actually saved Jews from
the Nazis hid the Jewish kids in a
farmhouse or whatever and I think what's
happening to Christians in the public
square is obviously not of the same
degree as the Holocaust but I think the
the thread of devaluing and driving
Christianity out of the public square is
something that we should all stand
against and I think speaking for myself
it's just my own motivation John I think
Jews have a special obligation to stand
up for religious freedom of righteous
Gentiles just as righteous Gentiles did
for the Jews 75 years ago so I'm proud
to stand with you we've got a website
where we have the information about this
case my video and Sheila Gunn reads
videos from last year the website is
called the real bigots calm because in
my view the real bigots here are the
school board censors and frankly the
media they're calling this school
bigoted but they are the bigoted ones if
folks want to help we raised I think
about fifty five hundred bucks for John
for this case last year let's see if we
can get him another couple of grand or
even more this year go to the real
bigots calm John thanks for fighting
this it's a never-ending battle but
that's just the way life is a you got to
keep on fighting well I know you do and
thank God for you John carpe boss of the
Justice
for constitutional freedoms we'll do our
bit to put our shoulder the wheel thanks
for being part of this
thanks Ezra well Bart you're the leader
thanks for leading this we will be part
of it you are the center of it and good
luck to the school thank you
okay there you have a John carpe I tell
you I know I turn into a total fanboy
when I'm talking to John but whether
it's freedom of speech on campus or
freedom of religion for a Christian
school or even cases that you know seem
very small on the face of them but if
you look underneath it to the larger
principle I have to say that John carpe
is the leading civil liberties lawyer in
Canada it's just a fact it used to be a
group called the Canadian civil
liberties Association they've become
social justice warriors for the left and
thankfully John is filling some of that
gap and so I love the fact that we chip
in from time to time he's the leader
we're just helpers that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
