another Liberal MP from the Greater
Toronto Area this guy named gang 10 born
in Beijing China and there was a large
Chinese population in Canada and most of
them love Canadian freedom they love the
rule of law especially they love
property rights they love being in a
democracy not being in their oppressive
regime and corruption of China or even
religion is banned but what about gang
Tad's well let me look at let me show
you this liberal MP Ganga tan acted as
intermediary for businessman now accused
of frog that's the headline in The Globe
and Mail let me read the first three
sentences to you I won't go too deep but
this is weird let me read this the three
long sentences ready liberal MP gang 10
hand-delivered a letter to a top
official of the Canadian embassy in
Beijing and personally spoke to Chinese
authorities on behalf of a Liberal Party
donor who is being charged with money
laundering and the fraudulent sale of
hundreds of millions of dollars in
securities to Chinese citizens they read
two more sentences Chinese Canadian
businessman shao hua gong also known as
edward gong was arrested in toronto last
week and the Ontario Securities
Commission has charged him with fraud
over five thousand dollars possession of
property obtained by crime laundering
proceeds of crime and uttering a forged
document none of the allegations have
been proven in court okay last sentence
on June 1st mr. tan acted as an
intermediary for mr. gong who at the
time was under criminal investigation by
the RCMP Ontario Securities Commission
and China's Ministry of Public Security
in connection with a 466 million dollar
pyramid scheme okay I'll stop quoting
but you get the picture here who's he
working for the citizens of dawn Valley
north or this guy mr. gong accused of
huge crimes by the way he doesn't even
live in Don Valley North is mr. gong
since when does a Chinese Canadian MP
from Don Valley North fly to Beijing to
represent the interests of an accused
criminal and to talk to Chinese
officials directly personally
when he's out of friendship committee
between Canada's MPs and China what
promises did he make to the Chinese
authorities in return for asking them to
go easy on this liberal donor in Canada
the hell was he doing that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Azrael events
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews a
day and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
