ooh baby it's cold outside but isn't it
pathetic that so many Canadians are
throwing in the towel when contending
with Jack Frost I used to think as
Canadians were made of hardy stock after
all our official national sports our
hockey and lacrosse doesn't get much
tougher than those pursuits but thanks
to a nanny state response to an
old-fashioned cold front I'm not so
certain Canada is such a tough nation
anymore
New Year's Eve celebrations were scaled
back in numerous cities audible almost
canceled its December 31st shindig
outright but organizers were so
humiliated in the media they reluctantly
staged an abbreviated version instead
even numerous Polar Bear swims were
canceled you know that New Year's Day
tradition in which you jump in a fridge
a body of water yet several polar bear
dips were canceled because it was cold
isn't that the whole point of taking
part in a Polar Bear Plunge look I did
it for the first time four years ago in
Lake Ontario I was more afraid of being
exposed to e-coli to be honest yes of
course the lake was freezing but I
survived without any ill effects well
that's not entirely true
post swim I did experience this tragedy
but I digress perhaps the most
outrageous cold weather mollycoddling
occurred at the Calgary Zoo in which the
zookeepers brought the Penguins indoors
think about that for a second are
penguins residents of Antarctica
rumor has it things get a little nippy
there now back in the day didn't
Canadians take pride in braving the
elements I can't remember a single
recess being canceled or moved indoors
due to cold weather in my childhood we
wore layers and we bundled up and we
didn't even have gore-tex back then but
these days humans snowflakes can't
handle the cold now that's irony and
meteorologists are even coming up with
new whiz-bang terms to describe cold
fronts to make things sound more ominous
like polar vortex what the hell is a
polar vortex until a few years ago I
never even heard the term polar vortex
or for that matter Snowmageddon should
the City of Toronto happen to receive
more than 2 centimeters of the white
stuff now it's not easy standing up to
this nonsense even my own family is
turning on me and my cold-weather
pronouncements claiming I'm coming
across these days as Dana Carvey grumpy
old man character hey my day there was
only one show in town it was called
stare at the Sun that's right you sit in
the middle of an open field and stare up
at the Sun to your eyeballs bushing the
frames
and you thought oh no maybe I shouldn't
have stand directly under the burning
Sun with my eyes wide open but it was
too late your head was on fire and
people were roasting chicken Dorrit
liked it
speaking of the Sun we don't seem to be
very good at handling the heat these
days either some five years ago when the
Greater Toronto Area was in during a
summertime heat wave the Toronto Blue
Jays closed the roof of the Sky Dome for
a game against the Seattle Mariners even
though there was zero chance of rain in
the forecast
alas apparently the heat was too much
for precious blue jay fans to endure the
Jays even issued a pregame press release
quote in order to protect the health and
safety of our fans staff and players
during a period of extreme heat humidity
the Roger Center roof will be closed
during our afternoon game end quote
health and safety call me how do
baseball fans in cities without domes
cope when it's hot the answer I think
they suck it up
it gets pretty toasty in Chicago in the
summertime but it'll be an icy day in
Hades before the Cubs ever cancel a game
at Wrigley Field
due to a high humidex reading so the
question arises what happened how did we
all devolve into so many members of
generation Goldilocks we don't want it
too cold we don't want it too hot we
want it just right and to think the
Toronto Raptors tough-as-nails marketing
slogan is we the north yeah we the north
all right as long as we the north get to
stay indoors watching basketball games
in room temperature environment for the
rebel dog mania I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies like we just saw then
become a premium subscriber and never
miss another rebel video
you
