when it comes to the curious case of
alleged kidnap victim Joshua Boyle I
hate to say I told you so will actually
scratch that I'd love to say I told you
so so you know what folks I told you so
you may recall that bizarre story that
broke back in October about the plight
of Canadian Joshua Boyle and his
American wife Caitlyn Coleman Joshua and
his extremely pregnant wife went for a
backpacking trip to Afghanistan some
five years ago hey who wouldn't want to
go on a vacation to one of the most
upside-down gunned up regimes in the
world how romantic
alas the Taliban allegedly kidnapped the
couple and allegedly held them captive
for five years I say allegedly because
quite frankly I think Joshua and Katelyn
have severe credibility issues the first
thing to stink about this story was that
while held captive
the couple were allowed conjugal visits
which gave the opportunity to produce
three children hey why not who wouldn't
want to raise a family while being held
captive in a third-world regime in which
the rule of law is barely existent and
who knew that the Taliban were such
compassionate captors in any event their
captors eventually moved the family into
Pakistan and at the insistence of the US
government the Pakistani military
conducted a raid to rescue the family
assuming they needed to be or wanted to
be rescued that is but in the aftermath
so many unanswered questions lingered
and as I lamented in this space back in
October don't expect most of the
mainstream media to do any investigative
journalism on this case for fear of
coming across as being oh I don't know
culturally insensitive so it was that
this story was almost played up as a
feel-good movie of the week drama about
how a young North American family was
rescued from the clutches of an evil
terrorist group and whisked back home to
safety but from the get-go almost
nothing added up such as how would
kidnap victims be allowed to raise a
family in the first place and look at
this seems that Boyles ex-wife is none
other than zenab Carter yes that is an
Abe the sister of former terrorist and
current multi-millionaire Omar Carter
and get
this during their marriage when the
neighbor was saying that the 9/11
terrorist attacks were justified Joshua
was quick to defend her remarks it's
also disturbing yet in comprehensively
prime minister justin trudeau arranged a
photo op with boilin family last month
what pray tell was that meeting about
well mind your own business folks the
Prime Minister's office says no details
will be released due to privacy
considerations and respect for the
family and our p.m. wonders why so many
refer to him as jihadi Justin but
earlier this week a bombshell drop Boyle
was arrested and charged with 15
criminal acts and we're talking serious
stuff here folks such as eight counts of
assault two counts of sexual assault two
counts of unlawful confinement one count
of uttering threats one count of public
mischief and one count of administering
and nauseous thing while there's a
publication ban in place for so many of
the details Boyle's lawyer issued the
following statement quote mr Boyle is
presumed innocent he's never been in
trouble before no evidence has been
provided yet which is typical at this
early stage end quote
now while Boyle must indeed be presumed
innocent until proven guilty
nevertheless perhaps now is a good time
for those in the mainstream media to ask
some really tough albeit uncomfortable
questions about this odd couple such as
maybe Joshua and Caitlin were never
kidnapped in the first place but rather
we're hopeful of actually joining the
Taliban and what in the world would
motivate the prime minister to meet with
someone who has a soft spot in his heart
for his lam SG terrorists in the first
place and if Boyle is found not guilty G
how many millions does he stand to
receive in taxpayer-funded compensation
for having his feelings hurt this story
stinks worse than a dead skunk trapped
in an outhouse and methinks that's the
only going to get increasingly
malodorous
in the weeks ahead for the rebel media
I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies like
what you just saw then become a Premium
Member and never miss another rebel
video
you
