but what should the ordinary franchisee
do well if they're forced to give staff
a 21 percent raise they're gonna take it
back from other free perks they're
giving out they just have to survive for
example they're making staff pay for
their own uniforms they're not paying
for lunch breaks anymore does that sound
mean III guess it does but what if you
were suddenly ordered to pay someone 21
percent more for the job then you could
afford to deep do you really think that
Porsche slaps who buy a Tim Hortons
franchise and work 18 hours a day do you
really think they're rich tycoons you
think they're fat cats I can't think of
a harder job than running a coffee shop
I mean of course there's always the
alternative just bringing the giant
iPads right what do you think would
happen did you think there was 21% fat
in its important business or a thousand
other businesses that hire low skill
entry-level folks well Kathleen Wynne
the Premier of Ontario she raged at
these franchisees in particular she
named Ron Joyce jr. who runs a couple of
Tim Hortons franchises now his dad
started Tim Hortons back in the day but
jr. still runs a couple of franchises
which is funny I mean if he were just
about the money you think he would have
retired them in the Caribbean by now I
mean I think the guy actually loves
running coffee shops don't you think and
he would know that you have to pay the
bills
unlike Kathleen Wynne who you know you
run at Tim Hortons you just can't run a
billion-dollar deficit in a coffee shop
it all has to add up every month that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
