what is in the head of Lindsey Vonn when
it comes to her what I think I really
toxic comments I mean sport and
especially international sport Olympic
sport is meant to be a unifying force
and here she's saying all this trash
talk about the president what is
motivating her to do this in the first
place well I think it's really wrong
place wrong time kind of moment for her
because she's every right to believe
whatever she wants about the president
like that's totally fine and people that
can understandably be upset and outraged
by her specific comments the problem is
the fact that it is going into the
Olympics and that's what bothers me so
much about it I didn't necessarily mind
her first comment like I'm not
representing the president I'm
representing you know the people which
is fine and then she went on to get
pretty venomous towards the end of the
interview what really bothers me about
it is kind of the narrative that's being
pushed by the people that are be
covering the biggest event on the world
stage which is the Olympics you know
it's the with what's gonna be the media
narrative every single time now when she
steps up to the gate to go ski it's not
gonna just be okay one of the best
athletes that the sport is about to go
downhill representing in representing
America it's gonna be oh yeah by the way
to remember what she said about the
president and then she goes it's like
that's it's gonna overshadow like her
prowess and her performance and what the
Olympics is actually about and that's
what bothers me so much about it
you
