it's a new year and my favorite sport
football is gearing up for its premier
event but I'd be remiss if I didn't
mention the following ratings owners
want answers and I'm sure you've already
heard and shredded through the muddy
waters that is the anthem protest so I
want to clear in my opinion the most
detrimental story to the NFL this year
defensive van for the Seattle Seahawks
Michael Bennett lying to the police and
spreading racial division on nearly
every single media outlet and the crazy
thing is he's called a hero by many why
would the mainstream media let this
happen
well I'm gonna talk about because I
cannot let this roll over into 2018 in
case you missed the original story on
august 26 2017 the night of the floyd
mayweather mcgregor fight michael
bennett claimed quote Las Vegas police
singled me out and pointed their guns at
me for doing nothing more than simply
being a black man in the wrong place at
the wrong time
unquote hmm so since those mainstream
outlets feel inclined to ignore the
facts and revisit the new evidence
that's been brought for because it
dispels their narrative of racism being
so rampant that even those sworn to
protect us just simply find the nearest
black guy to throw in jail I'll give you
a few the details one the officers were
not white two spanish officers and a
black officer one of the ones that were
detaining Michael Bennett which is why
after the incident Michael Bennett's
lawyer said quote race didn't take a
role in the event unquote but you
wouldn't know that from ESPN now would
you to the police we're not going into
attack of black man they were responding
to an active shooter now for the 1999
Columbine massacre it is now common
practice for police to enter the
location of danger to put their lives on
the line to protect the people who would
be in harm three all the footage is
loose now and you can see Michael
Bennett in all the footage running in
the opposite direction of the police you
can literally see Michael Bennett break
away from a crowd hide behind a slot
machine and when police go up to ask him
questions he runs out the front door
they give chase they continue to chase
him down the street as he jumps over
barriers huh that's odd
I wonder why they tracked him down and
when you watch the video there are
plenty of black men in the wrong place
the wrong time
doing nothing wrong that are being
cooperative with
and Michael Bennett is sprinting down
the street and jumping barriers in the
opposite direction ignoring lines from
the police for when he was detained he
was discovered that Michael Bennett had
no ID and if you've ever been to Las
Vegas I have no idea how that even
happens
but that's why you've detained for a
longer period of time because he didn't
have an ID to prove who he was even so
the officers took him at his word began
a google search and found out that he
was in fact Michael Bennett those
racists of course there was no claim
that there was abuse and the officers
did follow protocol and handle this
extremely well let me ask you this if
someone accused you of something awful
like horrible like if they accused you
of rape though it would be an awful long
and drawn-out process you could prove
with empirical evidence that you were
not actually a rapist if someone accuses
you say another horrible act like being
a racist how do you prove that you're
not a racist
how you do it when you throw up these
accusations that are despicable being a
racist is despicable there are
repercussions for that person not only
did the entire police force that were
putting their lives on the line faced
attacks by this hero and the entire
media narrative but these men and women
are putting their lives on the line I
did go back to their friends family and
their lives that they're being accused
of being racist by one of the most
popular sports figures in football and
then with this hanging over their heads
one month later they actually did
respond to a true act of horror at the
Las Vegas shooting event and I do think
it is laughable that the NFL is
struggling to find out why are our
ratings dropping and I think anyone
looking objectively at the timelines
between the NFL drop in ratings follows
pretty closely with the new democratic
party's campaign policy of pushing
identity politics using specifically
racism to divide people into specific
voting block categories people have
claimed that violence is the problem you
ask you this any time watching football
growing up did you think it wasn't
violent
some people say was doping using
steroids um let me see how long has this
been going on thirty years and yes it is
still illegal and banned substance in
the NFL NFL ratings were strong because
he was unifying you didn't matter your
race class or gender if you were on our
team we could rally behind you if you
were playing our sport we enjoyed
watching you with the left infecting the
NFL and weaponizing racism it divides
Americans it pits Americans against each
other and people are choosing not to
partake in the madness
let me just help you ESPN and NFL we
don't want our sports heroes to be liars
they claim victim status for running
from
police who then spend so much time
blaming all faults on racist white men
before sacking a white quarterback in
throwing up a black power fist and then
taking a knee during our national anthem
huh if there's one thing I hope stays
out of 2018 it's that these mainstream
media outlets don't let these corrosive
stories go unchecked and unvetted and
let them permeate our society please
don't I've been days is pure Hollywood
all right if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
