Ontario's boolean chief Kathleen Wynne
is accusing Ontario small-business
owners of bullying now in response to
Ontario's massive $2 and 40 cent per
hour minimum wage hike on January 1st to
Tim Hortons locations in Kolberg Ontario
informed their employees that they would
no longer be entitled to paid breaks and
a number of other perks for example they
now need to cover at least half of the
cost of their own health and dental
benefits since Tim Hortons franchisee
owners can't raise their prices to
adjust for increased expenses there are
very few ways for them to find
efficiencies cutting back on perks like
paying an employee for time when he or
she isn't working is one of the only
ways but what's angering progressives is
that the owners of these two locations
in Coburg Ontario are Ron Joyce jr. and
his wife Jerry Horton Joyce these are
the children of Tim Hortons co-founders
Ron Joyce and Tim Horton and they're
married to each other it's a very
Canadian love story but who their
parents are doesn't change business
reality and it doesn't mean that they
should give away the joint for free
anyway Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne
responded by saying asking minimum wage
workers to sign a pledge acknowledging
that their breaks will now go unpaid or
agree to receive only 8 hours of pay for
a nine hour day is not decent and it's
not fair it's the act of a bully
Kathleen Wynne also told reporters that
if the airs to Tim Hortons opposed her
government's decision to raise the
minimum wage they should have taken it
up with her is this real-life small
business owners have been taking it up
with Kathleen Wynne warning her for
months that an arbitrary hike in the
minimum wage would cause undue strain on
their businesses that would absolutely
result in reduced hours and perks why is
Kathleen Wynne feigning surprise right
now and what does take it up with
Kathleen Wynne even mean is she going to
somehow make up
the shortfall in these small businesses
herself does Kathleen Wynn have some
sort of miraculous accounting ability
where she might be able to find some
sort of efficiencies that's crazy talk
this is Kathleen Wynne we're talking
about
she couldn't budget her way out of a wet
paper bag in fact she's the one that
drove Ontario into being the most
indebted sub sovereign government on the
planet and when didn't seem to care when
hydro executives were making a fortune
and small businesses and citizens had to
scale back or turn off their lights all
together to survive but now win some
sort of coffee business analysts today
sure thing and besides Tim Hortons
franchisees can't take it up with
Kathleen Wynne even if they wanted to
according to the great white north
franchisee Association the trade body
representing more than one thousand Tim
Hortons owners they're being told not to
talk about the challenges the minimum
wage is putting on their businesses and
the franchisees say they're being
threatened with retribution from their
own head office if they do and of course
Kathleen Wynne knows this she's just
grandstanding now to pick a fight with
people she knows can't fight back to
look like a hero to the media and this
isn't just happening at the Coburg Tim
Hortons locations employees at nearly a
dozen other Tim Hortons locations across
Ontario have received similar notices
including sixth importance locations in
the Durham Region a four dealer in
Chatham Ontario is moving its employees
to independent contractor status to try
to cope with the minimum wage hike
rainbow Foods in Ottawa is cutting back
on paid coffee breaks
- does Kathleen Wynne consider all of
these other businesses making
adjustments to the bullies - I don't see
bullying happening when franchisees are
rolling back employee perks to cope with
increased business costs I see business
owners doing their best to save some
jobs Kathleen Wynne just can't have it
both ways
on one hand Wynne is implying that small
business owners are cold and uncaring
and greedy and not paying their
employees enough so the government while
it just had to act to raise the minimum
wage and on the other hand when is now
upset that the very same small-business
owner she just accused of being greedy
and miserly can no longer go above and
beyond what is expected of them giving
their staff paid breaks and health
coverage which one is it we're small
business owners greedy before or were
they generous before because it just
can't be both now I don't see bullies in
the Coburg Tim Hortons case I see
franchisee owners blessed with the same
business acumen as their parents giving
back where they could and now they can't
like most small business owners do and I
think it's deeply ironic to see Kathleen
Wynne someone who just used the extreme
power of the legislature to arbitrarily
reach into someone else's unique
business to do whatever she wants with
it after ignoring all warnings to the
contrary from small businesses calling
someone else a bully there is no such
thing as a free lunch there is no free
ride progressives are always shocked to
find out that the bill has to be paid by
someone for the raveled media i'm sheila
Gunray did you know that I have my own
weekly show here on the Revel it's
called the gun show we talk about issues
facing albertans and issues that affect
all of Canada to get access to my show
and all of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
