finally some action from our Department
of Justice I'm cautiously optimistic I'm
gonna tell you why you people have been
were critical of the Department of
Justice and FBI hierarchy than me and
rightfully so it appears they weaponize
their offices on behalf of the
Democratic Party against the Trump
campaign we've gone over that ad nauseam
we don't need to go into those details
again over the last couple of days
though I'm cautiously optimistic we now
know that the Department of Justice is
reopening the Hillary email
investigation and this needed to happen
I don't need to go into all the details
or read you excerpts from the reports we
know this story very very well and most
Americans feel that there are three
standards of justice in this country one
for us one for the political and
Hollywood elite and now a third for the
Clinton family because they seem to get
away with things even the political and
Hollywood elite don't
according seem to be impervious to any
type of criminal sanction
well maybe not anymore but the Hillary
email case is reopened now special
credit the tom Fitton and judicial watch
they have done phenomenal work here
without their work without their Freedom
of Information Act FOIA requests without
their lawsuits we would know very little
of what happened and Hillary and Cole
might have walked these scandals inside
the FBI might have gone and gone
undiscovered those in the DOJ might have
gone and discovered fusion GPS their
role in all this might have gone
undiscovered the Hillary email case is
reopening and I predict a key figure is
going to be charged this case is
focusing on Hillary Huma Abedin another
top aides Cheryl Mills etc I'm gonna
tell you in just a little bit who I
predict will be the first to be
criminally charged now while these
reports are dropping we also find out we
also find out that the DOJ is
investigating the Clinton Foundation for
possible pay-for-play what that means is
at times when large infusions of capital
are coming in to the Clinton Foundation
Hillary was doing favorable things for
those close to those large infusions of
capital
and what couldn't be investigated is
Oro's their correlation were those
infusions of capital excuse me payments
or Hilary do do those favors is that
would be called bribery that would be
illegal felonious hey foreplay now why I
like this is that while you have two
parallel investigations running inside
the OJ they exist in their own silos but
there is also crossover there's
conversation between the investigators
and prosecutors witnesses will be
interviewed on both Hilary will probably
be interviewed on both Huma Abedin on
both Cheryl Mills on both Huma Abedin
had dual roles there were times when she
was a State Department employee an aide
to Hillary Clinton and a Clinton
Foundation employee and operatives and
that's more room for whom were to trip
up
on the heels of that nail in the coffin
number three for team Hillary we hope
more classified emails have been found
on anthony Weiner's laptop five
previously unreported classified emails
are now among 147 documents released now
my prediction my prediction for who will
be charged first is Huma Abedin because
the genie for her the criminal genie for
her is too far out of the bottle it
can't be put back in we know she was
around the email we know she was around
Hillary's private server and now we know
irrefutable and publicly that she
intentionally mishandled classified
information and put it onto the laptop
of her now convicted pedophile husband
Anthony Weiner aka Carlos danger
this is one that whom Abidine can't
wiggle out of
I work cases and I can tell you this
from experience a decent prosecutor not
even a great prosecutor a young decent
prosecutor with little experience but
take the evidence against Huma Abedin
into any grand jury and I kid you not
this isn't an exaggeration
make the case in 45 seconds and have a
true bill an indictment returned in
about five to six minutes
that's how overwhelming the evidence
against Huma Abedin is once you dig in
and if you get Huma Abedin
the person who's closest to Hillary in
the world literally probably closer to
he'll early than Hillary's own daughter
Chelsea if you break Huma Abedin and
whom Abidine has a child Anthony Weiner
is going to jail when Aberdeen is not
gonna choose between her kid or I should
say the FBI
DOJ if they do things right they're
gonna give him a Betina choice Hillary
Clinton and Cheryl Mills or your child
goes into foster care ilysm relatives
and visit you in federal prison visits
your husband in federal prison and lives
knowing her parents are sitting in
federal prison for him I did have a
little boy your parents are sitting in
federal prison that's a very tough
choice for a parent to make and I
suspect her choice won't be Hillary
Clinton because Hillary has very little
to offer her Hillary's career is dead
now as bad as all this is again I'm
optimistic I'm not gonna say that I'm
confident that anything will be done but
I'm optimistic because it's leaking out
of voj they want us to know this what's
most disturbing is information about
James Comey that's recently come to
light
a Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck
Grassley who has been outstanding well
he's on a warpath against Comey Chuck
Grassley did some simple elementary
school math and realized that James
Comey did in fact and properly take from
a secure FBI facility and leak to his
professor friend a guy named Al Richman
the guy's name is I think it's Robert
Richmond Richard well what is his name
doesn't really matter it's his last name
is Richmond he was a professor friend of
James Comey homi leaked these memos and
there were seven memos in total that
Comey allegedly wrote to memorialize his
interactions with President Donald Trump
on the Hillary email investigation he
drafted those memos he crafted those
memos in a sensitive compartmented
information facility colloquially known
as ask if that's where you sit and work
and talk and write when you're dealing
with the most sensitive information we
have in this nation well call me
purportedly memorialize those memos in a
skiff then he took those memos four of
them gave them to his friend Richmond
well how do we know that some of those
memos were classified well of the seven
memos or were deemed classified he gave
three not classified he gave his friend
Richmond or of them those simple
mathematics fourth fifth sixth grade
mathematics third grade mathematics
Wright tells us that at least one had to
be classified now these memos were
marked classified of the secret or
confidential levels and Senate Judiciary
Chairman Chuck Grassley it makes it
pretty clear he says quote if it's true
that Professor Richmond had four of the
seven memos that in light of the fact
that four of the seven memos the
committee reviewed are classified it
would appear that at least one memo the
former FBI director gave professor
Richman contained classified information
pretty simple they then go on to quote
the FBI employment agreement which
basically says that if you do what what
Comey did and and you can read it in
depth it's readily available on the web
but if you do it Comey date it's a
violation of federal law they also
talked to the DOJ multiple news outlets
asked the DOJ who would not conduct that
would not confirm or deny the existence
of an investigation on this leads me to
believe Comey is under investigation
and when asked if he still had the memos
or copies of such in his possession
professor Richman told Fox News that he
had no further comment now the reason
that called me to me is most problematic
is he was the nation's chief
investigative all I say on this show the
president is the chief law enforcement
officer the AG is the chief
prosecutorial officer and the head of
the FBI director the FBI is the chief
investigative officer he sets the
standard for appropriate behavior and
investigations
he sets the standard or propriety in the
investigative process look he needs to
be held accountable more so than most
and it appears Comey will be which might
explain his is incoherent rambling
seemingly nervous tweeting it appears
that Comey broke every rule when he was
discovered to be part of the Cabal
weaponizing the FBI on on behalf of
Hillary campaign and I I'm now finally
cautiously optimistic about this
investigation about what's happening
inside DOJ so my predictions my
predictions for 2018 on this are Huma
Abedin will be the first to be
criminally charged charged I won't say
there's a good chance
Hillary will be charged but I'll say
there's a better chance that Hillary
will face some kind of sanction some
kind of punishment will pay some kind of
music a better chance than there were it
was even a month ago Cheryl Mills I'm up
in the air on I do feel that Comey is
gonna face some kind of music as well
because this Jeanne like I said is just
too far out of the bottle we're gonna
wait and see and let's hope that this is
the beginning of the end for the Clinton
crime cartel this is such interesting
content and it's really important we're
gonna be bringing you these stories more
in depth as they unfold so please
subscribe to our premium service a wwww
media forward slash shows you're ready
subscribing thank you very very much
I want you to have a great weekend and
remember that Monday January 8th I
return with my full new one-hour show
off the cuff Declassified thanks for
watching
