unemployment is just another unintended
consequence of this progressive quest
for social justice a new study out late
last month from the Bank of Canada found
that minimum wage hikes across the
country could result in employment
losses of 60,000 workers the study also
showed that consumption of goods and
services would end up being reduced
slightly as higher inflation would drive
up the costs of those goods and services
the same study found that this inflation
would more than offset the higher labor
income for the worker in short the
minimum wage hike will make things cost
more and will eat up an employee's raise
and then some so much for helping the
poor with minimum wage hikes right now
these findings have been bolstered by
the CD Howe Institute who did their own
analysis and estimated that 25 thousand
of those 60,000 nationwide job losses
could happen right here in Alberta
nearly half of all the job losses that
the Bank of Canada is attributing to
minimum wage hikes could happen right
here in Alberta thanks to Rachel
notley's reckless quest for a $15 an
hour minimum wage in the middle of the
worst economic downturn in a generation
Notley cranks the minimum wage up in
October to 13 60 an hour and it will go
up again in October 2018 to $15 an hour
and in Ontario they just experienced a
massive hike in their minimum wage from
eleven dollars and sixty cents all the
way up to $14 an hour businesses in both
provinces are sounding the alarm bells
warning that they will have to raise
their prices and cut hours to compensate
for this artificial raise they have to
give to all of their employees whether
the employees deserve the raise or not
and all of this puts upwards pressure on
wages because it increases the rate of
the pay at the bottom everybody above
the bottom suddenly expects more the
burden on businesses just keep
snowballing out of Kent
roll and the reasons for raising the
minimum wage are never based in fact it
is always always emotion I mean just
listen to this interview
Alberta Labour Minister Christina gray
gave CBC radio here all hard-working
Albertans deserve to make enough to
support themselves and their families
I believe that work should pay enough so
that people can drive home from work
after working a full time job and not
have to stop at the food bank which is
something that's happening unfortunately
too often today is this really the best
time to do this in the middle of a
recession the downturn yes this is the
best time right now because Alberta has
been out of step in 2015 the food bank
organizations reported that in Alberta
one in six people using the food bank
were working this was almost twice the
national average which was one in three
I apologize I've reversed that one in
three and Alberta one in six and in all
of Canada
so Alberta has been out of step where
people working low wage jobs are having
to stop at the food bank on their way
home from work and this is wrong we need
to make sure that nearly 300,000
Albertans who are working for less than
$15 an hour who are primarily adults
primarily women and almost a third of
them have children are able to take care
of their families the implication here
is that if you don't support
artificially raising the minimum wage
you just don't care about the poor and
that everybody who is working for
minimum wage is a single mom with I
don't know one leg raising 11 kids
living off ramen noodles the left does
this all the time they use the absolute
worst case scenario to argue their point
without giving the context that their
worst case scenario is just a tiny
fraction of the actual people who work
for minimum wages so let's take a quick
little minute to debunk some of the
tugging of the heartstrings and inject
some facts into the arguments about the
minimum wage according to the Fraser
Institute who analyzed Statistics
Canada's own numbers 88 percent of
minimum wage earners do not live
in a low-income household as measured by
Statistics Canada's low income cutoff
meaning the majority of minimum wage
earners are not struggling to get by
they're just supplementing their
family's income
conversely 83% of workers living in a
low-income household already earn more
than the minimum wage
this means the people a minimum wage
hike is designed to help the poor aren't
the ones being helped by it
the majority of minimum wage earners
nearly 60% of them are teenagers or
young adults aged 15 to 24 with the vast
majority of them 85% living with their
parents or other relatives 58 percent of
minimum wage earners work part-time only
4% of all full-time workers earn the
minimum wage but this last statistic
debunks the emotional manipulation the
left constantly uses to push their
minimum wage hikes just two percent of
minimum wage earners are single parents
with a child two percent that's it what
raising the minimum wage does is
jeopardize the hours and jobs of all
minimum wage earners to try to help that
2 percent and evidence from the Bank of
Canada shows it doesn't help them at all
and makes their cost of living higher it
takes money out of their pockets in
alberta before our economic downturn we
had a vicious labor shortage and a
highly competitive labor market help one
its lines were everywhere and you could
easily earn 18 bucks an hour to pour
coffee at the local Tim Hortons if
government really wanted to bring wages
up where they need to they need to get
out of the way of business
stop the carbon tax drop the corporate
tax rate municipalities need to lower
their property taxes repeal every crazy
onerous and expensive labor regulation
added in the last two and a half years
and then repeal some more regulations
then stand back and watch business do
its thing unmolested by the government
if progressives really wanted to ensure
that everybody had a living wage they
should concern themselves with though
things that add to the cost of living
that government should actually control
we can start by government not taking
upwards of 40 to 50 percent of every
single paycheck so consumers can create
more jobs by spending more of their own
money into the economy but for that to
happen Alberta and Ontario and Canada
while they all need to change their
governments for the rebel dot media I'm
Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own show here on the rebel it is
called the gun show and we focus on
issues facing Albertans and all of
Canada to get access to my show and all
of our amazing premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
you
