this is shocking to me this is like
taxing bread you know rich people okay
an extra hundred bucks a month for
heating whatever but if but poor people
have to heat their house just as much as
as rich people
if this for any other government and any
other party taxing heat in a cold snap
there would be a rebellion well and and
the people leading the rebellion at
least rhetorically leading it would be
the NDP think about this so what you
essentially have is an 84% sales tax on
natural gas there's an 84% GST if you
want you know who would be the first
people in any other government or in any
other province who would be standing up
and screaming yeah that this was
repressive that this was hurting
slamming abusing the poor there would be
the NDP and it's their tax well of
course it's abusing everybody
I mean poor middle class and rich and
there are fewer of fewer of the rich and
fewer middle class
I mean to tax heat in the winter is I
mean you may why don't you tax baby
formula like it's so it's it is not a
luxury item it is not a frivolous
purchase it's not something you can go
without you go without natural gas in
you mentioned it was -38 up in your part
I know I mean the province had some very
cold moments it's still bloody cold to
tax that and you know the thing is wind
power cannot replace natural gas these
schemes that they have to shut down coal
shut down natural gas put up windows
they do not work in at all let alone in
the winter let alone it's these people
are punitive any resistance but there is
absolutely there is there was a tempo
gas station owner in Spruce Grove which
is a lovely community just west of
Edmonton about a 15-minute drive who had
a profanity on the reader
outside his store it now says NDP carbon
tax hurts all it had said something
expletive Notley and Trudeau before he
was asked to change it by federated
co-ops who actually own the temple brand
but but everywhere there are people who
are just waiting for their opportunity
to throw these bums out and that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
