now they're nowhere near ready as you
can see this is just a drawing the
science behind them doesn't exist yet
you can't make a battery big enough and
charge it quickly enough and have it go
far enough and pull enough weight you
can't truckers
sometimes drive a thousand kilometres a
day you can't do that in a Tesla it's
like a conman saying he can turn lead
into gold sorry
no that's alchemy but boy is that
working virtue signaling companies are
lining up to give him their $5,000
reservations for the trucks here's a
headline Loblaws says they've ordered 25
Tesla trucks
well sure they have blah blah spent 125
thousand dollars for a PR stunt done
never get those trucks but it's not
about actually getting trucks it's of a
virtual signalling for a company being
cool being politically progressive they
do that a lot of law of laws I mean take
it from their boss the trust funds
silver spoon boy Galen Western the third
whose friends call him g3 here's g3
talking about how ethical he is at la
blaw our approach to corporate social
responsibility helps form the roots of
our company and is the basis of what we
call the way we do business
yeah about that Weston just admitted
that his company has been engaged in
price-fixing for bread for 14 years
do you know what that means that means
they colluded to keep the price of bread
artificially high Bret literally
stealing money from the poor you and I
we pay an extra two dollars for a loaf
of bread it irritates as it puzzles us
but it doesn't really harm us but the
poorest people an extra buck or two
every week for them to that trust fund
billionaire kid Galen g3 Weston that
liar
that hurts he did that his company did
that for 14 years he's crooked his
company is crooked they admit that they
did this but you
hurt him and you saw him smirk he's so
progressive so ethical and he says so
himself so you know it's true because
you know they just reserved some unicorn
trucks from fantasy Ville Tesla he cares
about the environment so much look the
family the Weston family has a private
jet they have a private yacht but you
know he cares deeply about the
environment because they reserved some
Tesla trucks that might be ready in 83
years that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
