California the state with the most
agricultural products Silicon Valley the
entertainment industry and the largest
contributor to our great nation's GDP
we're doing great financially right now
and don't you worry our money is being
used wisely to create some necessary new
textbooks for grades K through 12 that
are now mandated to include a focus on
sexual orientation and LGBTQ inclusion
thank God we're saved I really think
that California would be Kilian on all
levels with so much opportunity here in
the state and you'd be wrong because
millions of people have left the state
scoring very low in most of these
categories mainly because of high taxes
and red tape but don't you worry our
elected officials are on it oh wait
there was a one point nine billion
dollar accounting error mistake this
year and remember the state only has
money that it takes from us that was
them wasting one point nine billion
dollars of our money hey hey look on the
bright side our education system is
putting our money where its mouth is by
spending the past four years creating a
new inclusive history textbook for K
through 12 that'll fix it the decision
falled a path created by California's
2012 fair Education Act which required
history and social science curricula to
include the accomplishments of lgbtq+
individuals and people with disabilities
make sure accomplishments important
events of history inventions and
literary works are important
literally progressing and altering the
course of history but to no more
important than who these people went to
bed with obviously now of course most of
these historical figures forgot to
promote their LGBTQ ways when they were
most likely distracted with these pesky
groundbreaking endeavors that we
remember them for today don't worry your
tax dollars went to the right place in
this four year campaign costing god only
knows how much when these researchers
went in and saw any friendship odd event
or thing that happened as a reason to
potentially say
or probably have been when talking about
orientation when it comes to these
historical figures facts if the specula
tori description of these historical
figures an orientation of said person is
not progressive enough for you yet
don't you worry it'll be some very
important historical figures added to
the textbooks that our children will
learn about for example fourth graders
in California will soon be learning the
story of a stagecoach driver named
Charlie Parker's Parkers is apparently
very important when it comes to state
parks and recreation but more
importantly after parkhurst death it was
discovered that he had been born a woman
even though he lived as a man for
decades
that wasn't Time magazine but don't
worry this isn't mandatory if you're too
bigoted or more interested in actual
events and not speculation as
independent reported school districts
are free to use any textbooks as long as
they teach history and social studies
according to the frameworks or
blueprints adopted by the board more
than a year ago I wonder what those are
that may be tough because according to
pink they were overjoyed that two other
textbooks were rejected as they did not
include LGBT history and were in
violation of the state's 2011 fair
Education Act here's the thing men and
women that we look back on in reverence
through history are a vital and I
believe one of the most important parts
of anyone's education and I'm sure these
individuals will be grateful that we can
learn from their failures and appreciate
and build on their incredible
accomplishments they achieved over a
lifetime of dedication however their
marks in history should not be graded on
a curve or being speculation because of
sexual orientation accomplishments these
individuals should not be praised or
deemed worthy because of who they slept
with history is wonderful it is
important it is messy and it should be
in arguable it should be facts if we
choose to slant the education of the
next generation by sanitizing it or
altering it we then decide to let this
next generation to walk in delusion and
fantasy we changed the truth or shift
the focus of these people who live a
hundred even thousands of years ago
because of the current political fad or
push by the clearly capable officials
who just must know better than us 1.9
billion dollar accounting error
no I think I'll stick to the facts and
the history and lean on that I've been
Davies this is pure alley wood all right
if you like this video and others like
it please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you'll have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
