for those of you that just want to
celebrate TV and film acting directing
producing all wrapped up into one
wonderful unbiased award show ceremony
then the 2018 Golden Globes will
probably be none of that however if
you're really into two hours of self
congratulatory comments a clear and open
disdain for half of Americans and
relentless jokes aimed at present Trump
and Republicans then buckle up because
award show season is here the arty
insanely left-leaning award show of
ceremonies they're not gonna rest on
last year's success and no I'm not
talking about the record drop in ratings
across the board I'm talking about the
social justice push resist with the SAG
Awards attempting to outdo it's morbid
Trump jokes and stranger things cast
rant about punching Nazis this year the
hosts and every single presenter on
stage will be a female no men allowed
here so progressive so tolerant
don't you forget the Golden Globes which
stole the show with the epic rant
against sexism racism and misogyny with
the most memorable speech of the entire
year Meryl Streep's nearly 6 minute rant
on president Trump but I was absolutely
shocked of what I found out no I'm not
talking about Meryl Streep calling
Harvey Weinstein literally God or saying
that she feel sorry for Roman Polanski a
convicted child rapist who was slammed
with his fifth accusation the summer no
no no forget that I'm talking about the
Golden Globes doing the unthinkable
letting a white male host the Golden
Globes I literally can't even it's not
that historically the Golden Globes
don't have a host or that Tina Fey and
Amy Poehler hosted for three years
strength
it's that still sexism misogyny and
bigotry is so prevalent that they will
still let a man host the event I mean
really any time a man is nominated or is
on stage it's clearly because of the
patriarchy and misogyny and this
couldn't be more clear than the lack of
diversity in the 2018 Golden Globe
nominees for Best Picture where no
female director is listed and has
nothing to do with the fact that only 7%
of movies are directed by women I hate
myself even talking like this and
seriously don't worry it's not just
for all female directors there are many
female directed movies that are
nominated for other categories including
Best Comedy a musical but you may not
know that by reading all the seething
headlines about the lineup I do have to
admit that I was a bit bummed that one
of my favorite movies of the year Wonder
Woman was not nominated which was also
directed by Patty Jenkins I mean clearly
that's an example of sexism right unless
you see how other superheroes have done
in the past that award shows they've
never won a major award show ever that's
right not even the Dark Knight which is
one of my top 5 movies of all time Iron
Man or Spider Man 2 none of those were
nominated before you buy my head off
about the female directors just no I'm
not talking about the quality that they
produce I'm saying statistically it
would be less likely and four women have
won the highest award ever the Oscars in
the past so honestly it frightens me as
an actor and a writer to know that the
greater appreciation of a film seems to
be given merit not on the content but by
race or gender it is true that less
females direct major motion pictures
which also makes sense why less would
always be nominated each year and
possibly get into the final five and I
hope if they choose to other females
will also dive into the endeavor that is
film directing and creating and dedicate
their lives to that craft and hopefully
the award an award shows in the future
not by creating a shortlist or grading
on a curve but to the person's
dedication and quality of the craft now
if there's one thing award show should
never be accused of it's not being
left-leaning enough to not be
politically correct enough and when they
come under fire maybe we should start
adjust our thinking a little bit and
sadly some of the most vocal critics of
the lack of diversity or the sexist
acclaim projects that are getting praise
don't care about the people they're
claiming to care for a lot of times it's
only to use their works as a club to
beat down their political opponents
don't believe me just ask any
african-american that comes out
supporting conservative principles ask
them what they're called and how they're
treated I've been tolerant left or asked
a CJ the female director and documented
of the red pill who was praised for her
early feminist work who now is attacked
constantly and has even denied entry
into feminists directing categories is
she no longer a woman are the black
conservatives no longer an oppressed
minority no their politics are no longer
in line with the left shocking can we
please just get back to loving each
other and not
everyone is a category can we stop
counting races in the crowd to not be
forced to say as a blankety blankety
blank to give ourselves credibility
before we open our mouths to speak and
just sit back and relax and enjoy the
actors and actresses and movies that we
loved this year or just not tuned into
the award shows it's probably not gonna
happen
I'm Finn Davies and this is pure
Hollywood all right if you like this
video and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
