to this day Justin Trudeau has not said
a word about him why is that is because
Justin Trudeau's brother Alexander
Trudeau is an official paid propagandist
for the Iranian regime including
producing this propaganda film it was
called the next great game he produced
it in cooperation with Iran's state
broadcaster Press TV Justin Trudeau's
brother does Iranian government
propaganda is it the Trudeau is Anna's
Lana file and just plain old likes Iran
and likes us basic dictatorship that's
the phrase Trudeau used to come in China
and we know how Trudeau loved the
Castros and their dictatorship
maybe Trudeau just sides with the Empire
instead of the rebels I don't know maybe
it's the court Canadian Muslim voters
maybe it's Bombardier as it so often is
you know they have a 100 million dollar
sale of their airplanes to Iran look at
this the headline here Ottawa to finance
a trans Bombardier order financed by
Canadian taxpayers is that what Trudeau
was siding with the regime he wants this
Bombardier deal to go through not a word
from Trudeau on this whole thing and
from our foreign minister Christian
Freeland just a three-line statement
Canada is encouraged by the Iranian
people who were exercising their basic
right to protest peacefully we call on
the Iranian authorities to uphold and
respect democratic and human rights
Canada will continue to support the
fundamental rights of Iranians including
the right to freedom of expression
that's it
now of course Iran has not upheld or
respected democratic rights so now
what's Canada gonna do about it it's
been three days since that statement
dozens are being killed hundreds
arrested so nothing more what does it
exactly mean when Christie Freeland says
that Canada will support Iranians how
and when's that going to start you know
there's an iranian-born MP there's a
couple of them one liberal named Majeed
Johari he continuously presses Canada to
become friendlier with the Iranian
dictatorship he took Christian Freeland
Steven I just read you her statement in
Fall
and he added a few extra words to him
which was so bizarre look at this this
you seen this as his tweet look up at
the top there he added with the support
of their elected government in a secure
environment come without the fear of
persecution he's saying that Iranians
have the support of their elected
government elected there are no free
elections in Iran there they're rigged
but not to that guy a Liberal MP from
Iran whose statement has gone
uncontradicted by the Liberal Party the
Liberals are literally choosing to side
with the Iranian regime over the
Democratic protestors Mariam Munsif the
cabinet minister who lied about being
born in Afghanistan who's actually born
in Iran and who funny enough managed to
travel freely back and forth to Iran
again again which is extremely hard to
do but she somehow did it well she
hasn't said a word about the uprising
you'd think you'd think she would care
about her people is it isn't that
curious that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
