the federal government has a new year's
resolution for Alberta they're hiring
more people to do the dirty work of
seizing assets of those who can't pay
their ever-increasing tax bills in 2018
while Rachel Notley and Justin Trudeau
do their very best to put a spin on
reality about some sort of economic
recovery happening here in Alberta the
actions of the federal government are
seeing something very very different
about what we can expect for the economy
in 2018 how do I know the federal
government told me well sort of told me
you have to read between the lines here
on the federal government procurement
listings page that's where they post job
openings and opportunities for companies
to make a bid for a government contract
is this posting here it's for civil
enforcement services for the province of
Alberta look at this the Canada Revenue
Agency is hiring a company for civil
enforcement services that include writ
proceedings service of documents and
simple complex and specialized asset
seizure services the services include
removal storage and liquidation of
seized assets and distributions from
proceedings of sale on an as and when
requested basis
remember when Alberta's disastrous
Finance Minister Joe Sisi actually
claimed that Alberta is and I quote back
in the saddle while trying to explain
away the largest debt in Alberta history
it was hokey and ridiculous and just
plain old untrue because judging by the
actions of the federal government to be
prepared no one is getting back in the
saddle because the federal government is
coming to seize your horse and take your
saddle and then take your barn for
unpaid taxes Justin Trudeau said his new
tax hike on corporations and family farm
sets the tax hikes he can't even hammer
out the official details for will not
hurt
middle-class those tax changes take
effect January 1st
along with Rachel not least 50% tax hike
on the carbon tax that's another tax
that Rachel Notley claims won't hurt the
middle class at all do you really
believe these two especially when the
federal government has to hire more
people another company on the eve of
these brand-new tax hikes to come and
seize your assets what you've earned and
what you've saved to buy looks to me
like the federal government is admitting
that people are not going to be able to
pay their ever ballooning 20:18 tax
bills and they're making plans to hire a
company to get blood from a stone what a
bunch of grinches for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn Reed do you know that I
have my own show here on the rebel it's
called the gun show and we talk about
issues facing Alberta and I think you
should treat yourself this holiday
season and become a rebel subscriber to
get access to my show and the rest of
our amazing rebel premium content
you
