from singer to conservative commentator
watch Amanda heads controversial
opinions of the Hollywood sex scandals
in part two of my conversation with the
Hollywood conservative I do want to
because you are in Hollywood and have
seen all this stuff going on and I
actually I was I've never seen anything
that the left kind of help stir up that
has ever been beneficial but I have
enjoyed the fact that so many people are
you know going after the sexual assault
stuff going on being like believe
everyone that is I think is help people
come forward at least in some areas even
though and a witch hunts a lot of people
are also thrown in the fire that aren't
witches but I'm so glad to see these
people that are terrible getting finally
uncovered for who they really are
there's a few people that have had some
recent backlash that I would love to get
your opinion on because I think these
are both very fascinating quotes one
being Jennifer Gardner who I think is
fantastic I love Jennifer Gardner she
said we can't lump all men into the same
category we can't just assume that every
man has done something awful or that
every man is guilty due process is
important and has to take place but
she's excited for what might happen she
got a lot of flack for that as well
Pamela Anderson said we naturally blame
ourselves you somehow think that you are
to blame but I learned to never put
myself into those situations again when
I came into Hollywood I of course had a
lot of offers to do private auditions
and things that made absolutely no sense
common sense don't go into a hotel room
alone if someone answers the door in a
bathrobe leave and she got a lot of
flack for that too so I'm very curious
to get your opinion on both these
situations sure okay so I had to jot
down a few notes so that I can make sure
I hit all the points so as far as your
partner's comments about almond and not
being the same of course they're not um
you know I I have excellent examples of
godly men in my life my father who has
been married to my mother for over 40
years only ever been married to her both
sets of my grandparents and were married
over 50 years before one of them passed
away my boyfriend incredibly got coming
in his father incredibly godly man um
you know and and speaking specifically
about
my own father and tying this into Mike
Pence and the criticism that he received
when he said he doesn't go to you know
dinner one-on-one with another woman
other than his wife they called him you
know prude and all of this kind of stuff
apart from the religious aspect and you
know the devotion to his wife that that
led to that decision my dad does the
same thing and it's from a multitude of
reasons but it's also because it's like
business-wise it's very smart because if
you don't put yourself in that situation
then you can't be accused of those
things um and that that also goes into
Pamela Anderson's comments with not
putting yourself in the situation I I've
done so many videos the last few weeks
about how you know I I have never been
left alone I've never been sexually
assaulted physically I mean living in
Hollywood you get dirty comments you
know people will say things to you when
I was in the studio with men it would
make crafts comments but it was nothing
that I got upset over or or especially
to the extent that I would file a police
report or go public or whatever
sometimes obviously it has more to do
with that them as a perks and then it
does you so that's one reason that you
just kind of brush it off and I'm not
saying that it should always be brushed
off and I'm not saying that all of these
victims that all these stitches
motivations were avoidable but I 100%
agree with Pam Anderson and that the
reason that I have never been a victim
of something like what's coming out is
because I didn't go to a studio when
there was one producer there who was a
guy I didn't go to a studio where there
was one engineer who was a guy or two
you know I I never entered into those
situations and you have to be cognizant
of what's happening and you have to be
prepared for the business opportunities
that are upcoming and know that you know
if if I'm gonna have this meeting with
someone then maybe I should bring along
my neighbor maybe I should bring along
my friend um it's just it's like she
said it's common sense these are things
that you can do and it
you know it's not awesome that we have
to take these steps to protect ourselves
it sucks that there are guys like that
out there but this is when this is when
it comes down to the issue of personal
responsibility you do your due diligence
to make sure that you are in a safe
environment and beyond that you know
that that's the control that you have
but so many women in Hollywood I don't
want to say so many a lot of women in
Hollywood who are coming out making
these allegations it's like are you
saying it now because you feel safe or
are you saying it now because your
career hasn't panned out the way that
you expected and you thought that by
playing into this producer or this
director or this writers hands that you
would be further than you were because a
lot of the women who stood up for
themselves and stood up for morality
within Hollywood you know their names
because they're not here anymore but
because they left Hollywood because they
didn't get that job or you know they
didn't book that role and you know all
of these celebrity women who are coming
out telling their stories I don't find
them courageous at all
it's opportunism because they are
comfortable and successful and and I
don't find them here I look at all sorry
yeah it was such an I had so many
debates with some close friends in
Hollywood about this because I like my
instinct is to always go to individual
responsibility like a guy does that and
I find out about I want to just deck him
in the face right and then all my
girlfriends and like don't if the guy
opens the door with a bathrobe on I'm
like don't go don't go in like I like
kind of said like it's still I want
personal responsibly to happen but I
also want these guys to get crushed and
that was the thing that bothered me the
most when I talked about this and people
got heated at me for discussing where
the Hollywood a-listers that did benefit
from this process and when you know like
obviously we're we're believing
Christians so I know more like morally
I'm not going to do this this is I'm not
gonna compromise in that way but if sex
out here is a little strictly like are
just mutually beneficial thing that can
happen it's like well then if a girl
sleeps with the producer and gets a job
more power to or whatever and then good
for the a-list actresses who I guarantee
if they had reached out to ABC
any news outlet any magazine said hey I
want to come for with this exclusive and
they had the platform they're not gonna
get blacklisted they're too big
all those people didn't come out until
the people underneath them did it first
and then it was all so sudden convenient
like we were thanking them at the Oscars
I'm like yeah you could have set up you
would have the exclusive millions of
dollars any network like you know do we
know who should not have the level of
Fame that they do but they did they did
a movie with Harvey Weinstein it's just
really it's just saying yeah that's sad
and it's frustrating because I feel like
it just you don't want to blame anyone
but I just know that it could have ended
a lot sooner and been done in a very
different way you know and that's what
it was a little kind of frustrating and
tough for me obviously it was me okay so
let's say hypothetically I was an
actress and I gave up a little something
to Harvey Weinstein I got a role it blew
up my career and now when people are
saying things I'm like okay well I
remember when this happened I remember
that I did that thing do I come out and
say anything I would not because you're
basically admitting that you are part of
the problem oh yeah I'd keep my mouth
shut
it's it really is just a I call it just
a glass castle out here we're just
people were just living in that
environment and benefiting each other it
was like the producers Hollywood the
media the news they were all kind of
like in bed together and that's finally
cracking a little bit where you can see
through all these huge DNC donors have
been doing all those terrible stuff but
they're promoting women's rights women's
equality well that's that okay and
that's the funny thing is like a lot of
these these men who are being accused of
these things are a lot of our guys who
are like champions for women and you
know I'm a male feminist and you know
blah blah blah box like wow now we know
where you really stand yeah do you think
this is going to continue or you think
this is finally going to start closing
down some doors and getting the right I
think you I don't think I think that I
mean with our new cycle being so fast
and our short attention span I think it
will stop making news but I hope that
women will continue you know to speak
out when this
comes to them I don't know if speaking
out about an instance that happened 20
years ago
it's really fruitful to the effort but
nowadays I feel like I feel like one I
feel like two things will happen I think
that men will watch themselves more and
the crappy men who are out there doing
this hope maybe will stop and and also
women now when it happens can say
something and a lot of you know I'm not
saying that every single one of the
women who have stepped forward is
credible I do I don't agree with the
sentiment that every woman should be
believed I think that every woman should
be listened to and upon that due process
should take place thereafter but I don't
think that we you know we we've got into
this very dangerous place of believing
immediately and you know I I hate to say
it but I know that some of these women
are lying I know that some of them are
being disingenuous hopefully not many of
them but it is happening so you know I
think that it will continue to happen I
think that women will continue speaking
out but I don't think that it will be
getting the press coverage than it has
been the last few months yeah yeah I
agree and it's it's kind of sad too
because I know it does happen on both
sides of the spectrum like a lot of guys
go through the cell like Terry Crews
almost gotten no traction even though
he's a huge guy with his whole situation
and as soon as Weinstein happened just
because I've been in a lot of different
sets in in eastern kind of hemisphere
where house of cards is going on I knew
about space prologues
a lot like first-hand accounts of guys
he's like dude you can't be straight on
that set you have to like constantly
know where you are and like know where
he is and I never thought he would get
caught but it's just I'm hope that it
just opens up all sides because there's
a lot of that going on on both sides in
Hollywood and that's moving into
journalism you know Matt Lauer and it's
absolutely that's well I could stay talk
to you about this forever because it is
such a fascinating talk but I do want to
make a hard left and do a completely
different topic here because I know it's
something we're both extremely
passionate about you're going to Auburn
you being in the southeast and that's
football and one of your recent articles
that you posted on all we conservative
it was also on Fox News it's really
about the
hundred million dollar shakedown that
the players you just put together for
social justice so give me your take on
it
forgive me if I repeat some of my
talking points from Fox yesterday but
this basically was a bartering mechanism
for the NFL I think it was almost an SL
giving the players and out because the
players know that if they stop kneeling
that you know and there's not really any
impetus for that that they'll just kind
of look like idiots so I think that this
was a bartering tool but also the NFL
kind of throwing a bone to the players
saying okay well we'll give you know
eighty nine million dollars if you guys
will stand and it clearly didn't work
because 25 of them were still kneeling
on Sunday so they basically were like oh
yeah we'll take your money and then
we're gonna use it as a knee pad when we
kneel but so 50 let's see I think 50
million of it is going to go to the
players coalition which is dispersed
among various other of course
liberal-leaning charities then the other
half is going to be split up among dream
Corps which is a pet project of Van
Jones from CNN very very convenient
timing for him since he has a book out
right now and the other 25% goes to UNCF
which is United Negro College Fund but
you know as I talked about on air
yesterday and larry elder talks about
this a lot then this Prager talks about
this a lot a lot of black conservatives
talk about this a lot about how you know
the problems that the liberal the
liberal ideology focuses on within the
black community you know right now the
trending thing to talk about is black
lives matter and it was based off the
false premise of hands up don't shoot
which was unequivocally and evidentially
disproven in court and yet this I
literally I still see t-shirts to say
hey hands up don't shoot I'm like you're
such an idiot
but anyway see how strong that narrative
was but I can't get anyone to see it the
other way out here you have the
president and the United States talking
about it in Rose Garden it's hard to
erase it um so but anyway um so you've
got that issue that the NFL has latched
on to these players
this this notion of alleged police
brutality but it's ironic because you
have this professional demographic of
NFL sports professional athletes who
commit violent crimes rape assault
robbery at a higher rate than other
professional demographics and I'm not
specifically talking about one racer
another I'm saying within that
demographic they take it off easy a lot
so it's very it's very rich to me that
they're the ones who are talking about
this but at any rate so that that is how
this all started within the NFL but
that's not that that's not the problem
in the black community the problem in
the black community is three out of four
kids growing up without a daddy or mommy
high school dropout rates that are you
know in up in the freakin ether compares
other demographics black on black crime
nobody ever wants to talk about that
keith ellison doesn't want to talk about
it Rahm Emanuel just doesn't want to
talk about that Jerry Brown doesn't want
to talk about that those are the
problems that need to be fixed in and
and I think that if we can do that then
we can actually kind of shift that
entire demographic that entire racial
demographic out of the plantation
mentality that they have because you've
got baby momma's and in Chicago who are
having children and are married to the
government because they are continually
getting funds from the government for
every child that they have and you've
got and and this is something I said on
Fox News the other day Tupac did an
interview in the 90s where he said you
know if I had grown up with a father I
would be a much different and better man
and people in the NFL celebrities love
to hold each other up as heroes and and
it's like you know all right here's
somebody from your own community
there's Tupac Shakur admitting that that
was like probably one of the biggest
indicators in his life that directed his
career the way that he did the things
that he rapped about the subject matter
that he talked about in interviews that
was like a deciding factor for him in
his life was have the presence or lack
of presence of his father yeah and I do
hate like you said for this whole movie
based on a lie
that is even a statistical lie because
according to John Jay College or more
statistically likely to get shot if
you're white than a black man and it's
in a similar situation which yeah in the
2015 this is this is an FBI crime stat
this is not something from the NRA or
Breitbart wealthy nine percent of
individuals killed by cops from summer
of 2000 Hertz came to summer of 2015
forty-nine percent were white thirty
percent were black now the inverse to
that statistic that drives at home even
more is that black statistically not
based on feelings statistically are more
inclined to commit violent crimes so any
reasonable person would deduce that that
means that cops are actually more
hesitant to shoot black people than they
are white people all right 50 percent of
the murder rate actually in that
community which is devastating and I
thought it was so full it killed me
because it was so frustrating so I'm
like this is the one thing that unifies
people with sports in general like from
a god I did college sports at Florida
Georgia no one cared as soon as you step
on the field if you're that quarterback
to them if you're black white asian
whatever we were rallying behind we want
you to succeed it's just this unifying
thing that removes politics and yet they
somehow managed to get in there and ruin
and I thought it was a fantastic study
almost though as far as the way the
capitalist system should work because if
you do that first of all the bosses have
the right once you put on the uniform
this is what you're supposed to do and
your personal life you can do certain
stuff but when you're wearing our
uniform these are the rules they can
impose whatever rules they want it's not
being a plantation owner for you to say
that if I'm working at Papa John's I'm
wearing your Jersey and I decided to
take a knee and not deliver pizzas it's
like well you can get fired and it's not
social justice it's just it's ridiculous
these are privately owned businesses if
you don't abide by the rules you get
fired right and then and then the
viewers are the buyers and if they're
like you look we don't want you you know
disrespecting our flag that we can just
choose not to tune in or follow a
different team and it would have bounced
to self out but it was just this crazy
storm of just like racism and just
you're a horrible person if you disagree
or this is not about the flag even
though if I was protesting like the
minimum wage or something at the the
Martin Luther King memorial and it was
throwing sticks at and like well that's
really raises for you to throw it stick
at the statue like no this is nothing to
do with Martin Luther this has to do
with minimum wage and like no you can't
do that you can't just take a need
during the national anthem and say this
is nothing to do
with America rules room and everything
liberals you know they ruined Christmas
they a Ruben Callum
Queen the kind of cultural appropriation
they ruined sports liberals literally
they are the wet blanket of everything
they've ruined everything
I was absolutely I believe but I really
hope we get our football back and I hope
that they just stop showing these guys
on TV because it just regarding
Christmas and the reemergence of the
phrase Merry Christmas I was walking up
on Hollywood Boulevard up near you know
Chinese theater and all that stuff and
as I'm sure you know there are guys out
there with pamphlets for celebrity tours
and there were two guys that were
working in conjunction with each other
and I was approaching them and I heard
one of them saying tours tours you know
a celebrity tours well taking all the
stars houses love
all right thanks Merry Christmas and
then he turns to his friend and he goes
I can say that now right and the other
guy goes yeah thank God
Merry Christmas I was like yeah it's
happening Trump and it's and it's not
because I don't recognize Jewish
holidays or you know any other religions
holidays it's not because I don't
recognize that it's because I celebrate
Christmas and I'm celebrating my
Christmas cheer with you if I say merry
Christmas to you and in response you as
a Jewish person say Happy Hanukkah I'm
not gonna be offended I'll be like yes
Merry Christmas Happy Hanukkah I don't
care it's but you know over the last
eight years we have been trained to look
for reasons to be offended and we need
to go completely in the opposite
direction and thank goodness because
Trump seems to offend people every day
hey I think that we are finally is
shifting the pendulum in the other
direction I totally agree I think the
conservative nature is just hey you do
you I'm gonna do me all right we're all
gonna be good it's great well it's a
wrap up because if we do do a lot of
movie reviews on here I'm curious since
you're in Hollywood your opinion on what
your favorite film so far of 2017 was I
can't actually remember the last movie I
saw in a theater Oh Blade Runner
I saw blade runner' in the theater it's
pretty good yeah um my boyfriend tried
to make me watch the old one before we
went to see that one and I fell asleep
like 20
I I'm such a bad movie watcher I'm like
I'm the same way in the car if I'm in a
car longer than 10 minutes I'm asleep
like no question about it same thing
with movies especially if you go if I'm
like laying down on a pillow like to the
degree that my boyfriend's like Amanda
sit up and have to sit up I tell my wife
to say if they were watching one of
those movies I'm like if you lay down
you know you're gonna fall asleep you
got a second I'm like I'm the worst
person to be married or to be dating an
actor because it's like this is what he
does this is what you do and yet I don't
know I don't know what it is it's not
that I find it an interesting or
anything like that although the old
Blade Runner I was kind of like this
it's just stupid but but even like the
weird I can get on board with what's his
name David Lynn like some nice stuff
like it's super weird but it's
entertaining
but you know some of my favorite movies
have fall asleep during some of the most
exciting things I fell asleep during the
last mission possible so and that was in
the theater with like surround sound
hurts it's just the thing for me I would
much rather read yeah well of you and
your boyfriend figure out what it is
that makes you guys go to sleep please
let me know so I can figure that out so
I can tell my wife's how to keep awake
but I totally agree Bladerunner 2049 I
think is the best movie of the year
thing was fantastic the original one is
also great if you see you see the final
cut without the voiceovers if you guys
do that but anyway yes Amanda thank you
so much it's been terrific talking to
you and we could do it again soon
absolutely all right if you like this
video and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
