political correctness has infected
government academia the workplace you
name it but can you believe it as Kevin
Hart recently found out even stand-up
comedy is now beholden to the
soul-destroying virus that is political
correctness
well the perpetually offended are now
deeply offended by Kevin Hart's very
offensive Saturday Night Live monologue
last week here's a snippet women I give
you so much credit like you guys do so
much I will you know why because when it
comes to putting structure in a child's
life when it comes to bathing feeding
take me kid to school from school you
guys do that you're responsible for that
you know what I applaud you for that
but the one thing that you're not the
one thing that you're not is fun now I
know when you first hear it I know
you're getting the attitude already what
I'm fun that's a lie
you alive I'm fun no you're not you're
not you've never heard a kid say I can't
wait to get home and play with my mom
yeah what he said what heart said moms
aren't fun that kids would like to play
with their fathers instead of mothers oh
the horror the misogyny the hatred and
in this day and age of post Harvey
Weinstein how insensitive
I mean what Kevin Hart said was
essentially exploiting a stereotype no
sir you can't do that not even if you're
a stand-up comedian just check out the
meltdown in the Twitterverse from
Deborah DG woman of SNL cast how the
hell did you allow that awful sexist
Kevin Hart monologue to happen really
from rabbi evelyn baz 2017 has seen
incredible progress for a woman Kevin
Hart's opening monologue belongs in 2016
disappointed an NBC SNL for sexist
opening monologue and from TV critic
Daniel Feinberg given the recent
problematic specifics of Kevin Hart's
personal life this would not have been
the monologue direction I'd have taken
by the way that last job was in
reference to Kevin Hart cheating on his
wife so I guess the rules are if a guy's
unfaithful he can no longer make jokes
about that involved woman now Wow by the
way Hart isn't the only one feeling the
wrath of Generation snowflake when it
comes to comedians
member the outrage that erupted in
certain quarters when Chris Rock hosted
the Academy Awards last year and made
that incredibly insensitive Asian joke
result of tonight's Academy Awards have
been tabulated by the accounting firm of
Price Waterhouse and Cooper
they sent us their most dedicated
accurate and hardworking representative
so much EDA please welcome Ming Zhu Bao
Ling and David Moskowitz you know all of
my Asian friends found that joke to be
hilarious alas some members of the Asian
community were horrified including
director Angley actress Sandra oh and
mr. Sulu they called the joke tasteless
and undignified all of which makes
Rock's jokes racist I guess and in the
aftermath the Academy issued a Creveling
apology for this comedic day of infamy
well wait a minute let's stay sect
Rock's joke here essentially the gag was
portraying children of Asian and Jewish
descent as being overachievers the kids
are elementary school-aged yet they're
so smart that they're already working at
a prestigious accounting firm is that
where we are now that you can be
crucified for offering praise to a
specific group of people oh and by the
way why is there been no outrage from
the Jewish community given the third
accountant was david Moskowitz met in
this business of offensive comedy it's
so complicated isn't it and as I
reported earlier this year certain
people are completely unhinged that the
brilliant Curb Your Enthusiasm is back
on the air after a six-year hiatus the
Toronto stars media connoisseur Johanna
schneller slammed the return of Curb
noting that the world has moved on since
2011 and that the lack of PC sensitivity
and Curb makes the show embarrassing to
watch in 2017 actually what's really
embarrassing is reading columns by
self-appointed media connoisseurs as far
as I'm concerned show me a politically
correct stand-up routine and I'll show
you 20 minutes of soul destroying or
look at the end of the day Kevin Hart is
not a head of state he's not an
ambassador he's not a Supreme Court
justice he's a comedian he specializes
in telling jokes you know a short story
with a humorous climax and like it or
not very often the very best jokes push
the envelope of taste and civility and
yes so many lol jokes are perish the
thought
sexist and racist in nature that's the
way it is and if that reality check is
offensive to you my little social
justice warrior snowflake then please do
us all a favor and go take your
humorless selves into a quiet corner and
let the rest of us have a hearty laugh
oh by the way it was only joking for the
rebel dog media I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies like what you just saw
them please check out my new show rebel
roundup right here on the rebel dot
media
you
