alright so this video of Ted Cruz and
his wife being chased out of a
restaurant has gone viral but if you
remember a few months ago my
congresswoman mad Maxine Waters gave a
speech where she told other supporters
to get out there don't these Republicans
go to restaurants they ain't gonna be
able to go to gas stations you're gonna
go out there and harass them well now we
get to see the results of this played
out so let's check out the video and
play a little game of spot the fascist
you ready let's do it
okay so we're jumping into the video
here so this must been going on for a
while I'm assuming Ted Cruz didn't just
see people walk up and he immediately
wanted to leave his restaurant the
middle of the meal with his wife no this
is probably going on for a while people
shouting him down so whoever is running
this restaurant needs to be fired
whatever employees let this happen
because you had paying customers all
around who had their entire dinner
ruined just so they can let this charade
play out for these people that should
not have been allowed to do this not
just harass someone I mean like if
that's insane that you let that happen
even if you disagree with Ted Cruz you
still don't do this like even this was
if this was happening to Bernie Sanders
I would have been upset if you'd if I
was in the restaurant wouldn't be the
guy guys leave the dude alone he's just
sitting there eating but anyway whatever
continue spot the fascist right
obviously the Channing that's because of
Kavanagh because the woman that accused
him is apparently a survivor even though
she doesn't know the time the place who
was there story's changed multiple times
anyway if they ends up being true then
great then Cavanaugh was a bad person
but how is Ted Cruz gonna know someone
who has to wait for evidence to come in
if he's like no I'm gonna support the
guy until he's proven guilty it's just
like it's so stupid
these people like look at a mirror like
unbelievable you just if I was in the
restaurant be losing my mind right now
it's so frustrating
hey Cruz is he pushing for any policies
that are like hindering gay people is
there any legislation he's pushing for
were policies he's trying to enact I
don't think so just shouting that out
does not mean you're right just trying
to act and pretend to be virtuous while
you're harassing people in public when
they're out to dinner it does not make
you virtuous these people are absolutely
insane and this is the base of the left
this is the cloud they gave themselves
in their back like no one in the
restaurant is like hey great job guys
that was brave that was amazing it's
literally just their little paws he's
like we did it what it's like no one
likes is this it's unbelievable because
they posted us okay this dude is such a
okay now now they have to leave the
premises because it's a private space
like do you see the line he's trying to
tell here it's like okay apparently
whoever wasn't the manager or the
employees they allowed this to happen
but so but they wanted they I guess they
wanted Ted Cruz to be harassed and they
okay but we're still gonna look good at
the end of this but we're gonna now you
guys gotta leave not we've allowed you
to harass our paying customers like
whoever these people are like you should
be fired immediately or don't go to the
restaurant or something
on the leave Abul okay obviously what
they want to happen is Cavanaugh break a
baton not to be allowed to go through
and move forward in the Supreme Court if
you have to resort to this if you have
to resort to harassment shutting people
down shutting down speech
it means you would lose in a debate
you're on the wrong side of the argument
you're on the wrong side of history and
when they show themselves like this
using these kind of tactics
you know who's wrong like even if you
can just be objective for a moment you
want to be like somewhat centrist you
can clearly see if you have to resort to
these kind of tactics then you're wrong
if you had to be like Maxine Waters
and have to shut people down harass them
to the point where they want to give up
or something or decide to go along with
you because it's easier for them then
you're the fascist you're wrong and your
arguments are terrible what you believe
is wrong and these kids are absolutely
stupid for doing this the restaurant who
are the employees and the minotaur were
cowards and I'm glad Ted Cruz showed
himself to be an upstanding guy with
some morals and character on the way out
anyway that was great so he gets it and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel and take me with you
wherever you go to get exclusive content
and the entire rebel lineup
you
