as its name suggests the Hill Times is a
newspaper for Canadian political
insiders on Parliament Hill some news
lots of gossip lotsa who's-who vanity
stories it's extremely expensive to 399
dollars a year for a subscription to a
weekly newspaper with a website but look
no one in Ottawa uses their own money to
pay for anything they expense it to you
the taxpayer just like you pay for every
boozy lunch they have to so if
Parliament Hill is a private club the
Hill times it's like the club's
newsletter in their articles they
literally put people's names in bold
letters because they know so many of the
readers are just scanning the newspaper
to see if they're in it and once a year
like any club newsletter they have a fun
gossipy year and issue for the hill
times it's a survey of Parliament Hill
MPs and staff and politico's to ask
who's the hardest-working MP who's the
best MP who's the worst MP until very
recently they used to have a vote for
the sexiest MP but I guess they dropped
that in the age of Harvey Weinstein but
they take it seriously they even had a
polling company called forum handle the
survey and statistically weight it by
party affiliation and whatnot
over a hundred political insiders voted
it won't surprise you to know that
Justin Trudeau won the survey as the
most valuable MP I mean it's a liberal
town he's their boss and he's their meal
ticket so yeah pretty much guaranteed to
win but it's also probably true I mean
do you think for a moment that the
Liberal Party would be in government if
their leader had been anyone else
and because these survey takers are
anonymous they can be honest about who
they don't like like the worst
politician in Ottawa they chose Bill
Morneau the unethical Liberal finance
minister who has brought so much scandal
with him hiding his assets and numbered
companies keeping his villa in France a
secret lying about putting his company
in a blind trust things like that so
even though it's a clubby gossipy survey
dominated by liberals it's also honest
because it's secret right and you see
what I mean about all the names being in
bold letters there you can just imagine
every MP on the hill looking to see if
they were voted as smart or sexy or
whatever I won't lie it's interesting I
mean aren't you
curious about what Parliament Hill
insiders think will be the most
important issue in 2018 I am
they say NAFTA om that was their top
answer for the survey which is probably
right someone's just plain fun like
where their favorite happy our place is
in Ottawa that's actually useful for
lobbyists to know and lobbyists read
this newspaper very closely who is the
most approachable cabinet minister sorry
the folks who voted for Kent hare the
one who told falooda my victims to suck
it up and stop with their sob stories
I'm going to dispute that survey result
him coming in the top three for that but
maybe can't hair just told his staff
their jobs dependent on this so they
better get Kent hair mania going but
still it is what it is you may disagree
with these survey results but they are
the survey results of Ottawa insiders
look at this look at this which talking
head would you most like to silence and
there I am
rebel media's as relevant by far in
first place thirteen point four percent
the second-place finisher was rosemary
Barton in the CBC at seven point five
percent here's the text of the article
quoting the pollster who runs for him as
for the talking head voters most wanted
silenced rebel media's Ezra Levant
topped the list he's a little out there
for a lot of people mr bose enough
mildly put it so what do you make an ad
let me tell you what I make of that
first of all I think it's extremely
weird than a newspaper of any sort would
want to ask the government who they
would want to silence and sensor why
would any journalist ask that it's
creepy for a journalist to do a survey
of any group of people about who should
be silenced but to ask people who work
for the state for the government who
actually had the power to silence people
isn't that not just weird but contrary
to the very foundations of the
principles of journalism oh and if you
care about such things isn't it also
contrary to our laws and our culture our
Charter of Rights and Freedoms the
guarantees free press and freedom of
speech it's not which journalists do you
think is the worst they didn't ask which
journalists do you disagree with
most or which journalist gets it wrong
the most that's all fine that's what
they asked about each other right who's
the nicest MP who's the worst MP they
don't ask which MP should be silenced or
jailed or something like that because
that would be creepy you don't silence
an MP need a beta more you ignore him or
you vote him out you don't silence
journalists you criticize them or you
ignore them who's the weirdo who's so
weird at the Hill Times who would ask a
question what journalists want silence
and who are the weirdos on the hill who
would answer that question if you ask me
who the worst journalist in Canada is
I'd give you a list of 30 names but if
you asked me which journalist I'd most
like to silence I'd say no one I don't
want a silence and I don't want to have
to pay for journalists I don't like but
that's not the same as gagging them but
gagging silence I mean that's the
language they used that's what the
survey asked and that's what was
answered I'm sorry but that is evidence
of a sickness in our political culture
having a fun poll about who should be
silenced everybody you can't vote about
which MP is sexy anymore that's morally
too far for the hill times but you know
even if it's the stuff of a lot of the
gossip on the hill but gossiping about
which journalists you'd like to silence
isn't that something more suited to a
Russian newspaper or an Iranian
newspaper no that's in Canada's media
political capital
I'm act by it only in that it
Telegraph's to the government that they
could probably act on their obvious
desire to censor us they would have the
support of the rest of the media party
and the political classes including the
hill times and that is a real issue
right now as you know the Pakistan born
Muslim MP Achra halide who introduced
emotion called m103 that would bring
Pakistani media values to Canada not
Canadian media values calls for the
quota elimination of what she calls
Islamophobia it's not a Canadian way to
do things
by the way Islamophobia don't even
define an emotion a whole-of-government
approach that's in the motion to
eliminate ideas which obviously would
include censorship so this isn't an
academic debate this is really happening
literally right now a Canadian
parliamentary committee is considering
the very subject of silencing
journalists and the hill times and it's
survey answers and its readers are
excited about that but here's what this
also shows it shows how effective our
tiny little operation is we really are
tiny
you know the CBC gets 1.5 billion
dollars a year from the government our
entire annual budget it's a fraction of
1% of that the CBC burns up our annual
budget literally in a few hours the CBC
is also forced into everyone's home in
the country through mandatory carriage
in your cable package and yet we and me
loom so large in the minds of liberals
The Insider Ottawa clique that they hate
us and hate me more than anyone else
little us so maybe we're small but we're
not ineffective if we're on their minds
maybe we're raising issues that the
liberal insiders don't want us to talk
about whether it's our friend Sheila GaN
read and her skeptical point of view
about the theory of manmade global
warming
whether it's our criticism of Trudeau
picking a trade war with the United
States whether it's our criticism of
Trudeau's open borders weirdness with
illegal immigration and you know they
hate it when we do things like when we
rented this big billboard truck saying
fire more no which is weird because they
all said he was the worst MP didn't they
oh they hated that truck now it's almost
the end of 2017 the rebels almost three
years old now our birthday is just a
month and a half away in February we
have made our share of mistakes in the
past three years but we've had our share
of successes too maybe more than our
share we've done a lot right and our
videos have been watched hundreds of
millions of times and we have thousands
of grassroots supporters who crowd fund
our cost for us because we don't get a
dime from Trudeau when we wouldn't take
one and to me that's what this malicious
hill Times poll shows we are the one
last free independent media company in
Canada we're not owned by the government
we're not reliant on the government or
regulated by the government which is
exactly why they want to silence what we
say who knows what 2018 will bring
maybe those Parliament Hill insiders
will get their wish maybe they really
will come to silence us but as long as
we can we will keep doing our journalism
we will keep fighting to tell the other
side of the story and it keeps standing
up for millions of Canadians who want a
voice and will not be silenced thank you
for your support this past year whether
it's as a premium subscriber for $8 a
month or if it's as a crowdfunding donor
when they say they want to silence me
they really want to silence you to let
us not be silent let's keep fighting for
freedom and Canadian values like a free
press that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
