hey guys I'm Kristen Tate with rebel
buzz Christmas is finally here I love
the holidays
it's the one time of the year when
everyone is a little less cringe like
and a little more joyful it's a time
when we can all come together put our
differences aside and focus on what's
really important in life
friends family giving and for many
religion during his presidency Barack
Obama injected the nation with plenty of
political correctness in order to
promote so-called inclusion not
surprisingly it didn't take long for the
PC culture to spread to Christmas many
of the Christmas traditions that we hold
dear have been under attack under the
guise of a well-meaning efforts to not
offend anyone this is how the term war
on Christmas was born on Christmas it is
December and that can mean only one
thing
it is time for the war on Christmas a
bill grabs his musket and bravely
sallies forth to fight the war on
Christmas what do you think about this
one Christmas is really all about as you
sit there in your holiday regalia this
is another example of just trying to
rile up the base and what might
otherwise be a joyful season the term
war on Christmas might sound a little
dramatic to some but it can't be denied
that many of the aspects of Christmas
that Americans love most have been
eroded in the past decade all in the
name of political correctness
now that Trump is in office some of the
Obama era shackles are finally being
removed from our beloved holidays now
let's take a look back at five of the
most insane examples of the bohr on
Christmas over the last couple of years
cities banned the term Christmas tree
the city of Boston was one of numerous
large municipalities to officially
renamed the giant spruce tree in its
city a holiday tree instead of a
Christmas tree really
a holiday tree is ridiculous this is the
Christmas season not some general
feel-good period of time besides we
should be celebrating our religious
diversity not covering it up with bland
titles like holiday tree grade schools
band Christmas concerts and festivities
one recent incident happened in
Pennsylvania where school canceled its
decades-old annual performance of a
Christmas carol the beloved tradition
came to an abrupt end and many parents
believe it was because of a line in the
play that mentions God now the school
principal said that the decision was
quote rooted in a desire to be
respectful to the diverse student body
hmm apparently in order to be tolerant
and diverse schools must eradicate any
mention of God companies felt the war on
Christmas heat to Starbucks revealed its
new holiday cup which isn't very holiday
like at all
traditionally the company had released
cheerful and festive Christmas cups in
December people would look forward to
them but their new politically correct
versions are nothing more than a simple
red design lacking any holiday symbols
now to be fair Starbucks is a private
company they can do whatever they want
but it seems like the company is bowing
to pressure from social justice warriors
and sucking the joy out of our morning
coffee in the process hey it's the
little things folks holiday parties
became increasingly less festive the
University of Tennessee posted a list of
suggestions for hosting a workplace
holiday party the University instructed
students and staff that holiday parties
should build upon workplace
relationships with quote no emphasis on
religion or culture and sure your
holiday party is not a Christmas party
in disguise if that doesn't get you in
the holiday spirit I don't know what
will towns tore down Christmas displays
public holiday displays give people
cheer but many have been removed during
recent years one small town in Minnesota
was forced to tear down its
and 40 year old life-size nativity scene
after facing pressure from an atheist
group this particular story has a happy
ending however setup residents responded
to the atheist group by blanketing the
town with hundreds of nativity scenes of
their own here's the bottom line working
to create an environment of inclusion
during the holidays is a good thing but
politically correct efforts to sanitize
Christmas have started to suck the joy
and Cheer out of the holiday season
there should be a time where we can
celebrate our differences and come
together we should encourage more
celebration not less America could use a
little joy right now especially during a
time when we remain so divided I'm
Kristen Tate and thank you so much for
watching rebel buzz have a Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year
