I'm sure you've heard by now Justin
Trudeau accepted a massive personal gift
from someone he barely knew the gift was
a luxury vacation for Trudeau his family
and other liberal insiders on a private
island in the Bahamas owned by a
billionaire religious leader called the
icon and then shortly afterwards Trudeau
was doing favors for the Agha concen
cluding cutting million-dollar checks to
him from the Treasury for the icons
oh and Trudeau and his staff illegally
hid this from the ethics commissioner
and lied about it to journalists
outright lied about where he had
vacationed so it all finally came out
yesterday the ethics commissioner
released her report on the subject
guilty as charged
well guilty is a word we reserved for
the criminal courts and charged again
that's a word we associate with police
and crimes
Trudeau hasn't been charged criminally
yet he's only had the lightest of wrist
laps from the gentlest little lamb
called the ethics commissioner let me
tell you what sections of the law
Trudeau violated the law is called the
conflict of interest Act
it's Canada's basic anti-corruption law
Trudeau is the first Prime Minister in
Canadian history to break that law I'm
going to read directly from the ethics
commissioners report now then I'll show
you Trudeau's reaction to it then I'll
show you the media's reaction to that
then I'll tell you a bit more about
Sophie true now and how she just wrung
out the Agha Khan for free stuff for her
and her celebrity friends while the Agra
con was lobbying Justin Trudeau for
millions and then I'll ask you a
question so there's a lot to cover let
me get straight to it let's start with
the ruling yesterday Trudeau broke the
law he broke the conflict-of-interest
Act let me quote from the commissioners
report that she titled the Trudeau
report section 5 of the law requires
that a public office holder arrange his
or her private affairs in a manner that
will prevent the public office holder
from being in a conflict of interest
I found that mr. Trudeau failed to meet
the general duty set out in section 5
when he and his family vacationed on the
AG
an island pretty straightforward taking
$100,000 private island vacation it's
probably what that would cost in real
life taking it from a billionaire who
was lobbying the Canadian government at
the time that's a conflict that's
crooked of course it is
next subsection 11 1 prohibits a public
office holder or a member of his or her
family from accepting any gift or other
advantage that might reasonably be seen
to have been given to influence the
public office holder in the exercise of
an official power duty or function
paragraph 11 to be provides an exception
from this prohibition where the gift or
advantage is given by a relative or
friend but I found that the personal
relationship between mr. Trudeau and the
agakhan did not fit within the concept
of friend as contemplated by paragraph
12 to be I'm almost done here I found
that these gifts could reasonably be
reasonably be seemed to have been given
to influence mr. Trudeau in the exercise
of an official power duty or function
and therefore the mr. Trudeau
contravenes subsection 11 1 when he and
members of his family accepted the Agra
cons of hospitality and the use of the
private island okay there's a lot there
but it was important that I read that
too you see Trudeau claimed that he was
old friends with the avocado yeah I knew
him from decades when he was a kid and
it's true I mean if you were friends I
mean let's say you had a millionaire
friend that you've known since you were
a kid and you would always vacation at
his summer place and your families were
friends and they'd come over for
Christmas you go over over New Year's
and he had a close relationship should
you really have to stop visiting your
friend at his beautiful house just
because you come become prime minister
one day no that wouldn't be fair so
there is a true friends exception to the
rule because that your already existing
friends but let me quote to you what the
ethics commissioner said about friends
this is very important let me read it to
you
the evidence shows that but for the Agha
Khan tendance and mr. Trudeau's father's
funeral in 2000 mr. Trudeau had no
private or personal interactions with
the agakhan between 1983 and the fall of
2013 a span of 30
as well there was no evidence that the
alga con ever tried to contact mr.
Trudeau in those thirty years including
when the agua con made official visits
to Canada while mr. Trudeau was a member
of the House of Commons nor is there any
evidence that mr. Trudeau's mother or
brother had except for the funeral any
personal interactions with the agakhan
nothing they were not friends Trudeau
Madame when Trudeau was a school boy
then I move in a handshake at his dad's
funeral that was it he was a lie by
Trudeau to get around the fact that he
and his grasping wife were milking the
Agra conference it was not the Agra
condon mind one bit by the way when
you're trying to get fifty five million
dollars out of the Canadian government
you'll let the Prime Minister's vayne
wife party at your Bahamas house for a
weekend sure you will I'll tell you more
about Sophie Trudeau in a moment I'm
emphasizing her because she has a
special place in this story you could
only imagine what she's like when she
wants a vacation now
and I know the good will prevail and I
could conquer the world without a love
that I feel when you smile back at me
when you smile back at me
I think she thinks she's Celine Dion in
real life a celebrity
imagine her unleashed on a billionaire
who really wants something from her
husband's government
I bet Sophie Trudeau forced all the
staff at the private island to listen to
her karaoke and to applaud her what a
weird gold digger her in her vain
husband I'll explain why I'm emphasizing
her in a minute but back to the law
here's the next part of the law the
Trudeau broke section 12 prohibits
members of ministers and members of
their family from accepting travel a
non-commercial chartered or private
aircraft unless certain exceptions apply
namely travel required as part of the
Prime Minister's official duties in
exceptional circumstances or with the
prior approval of the Commissioner I
found that mr. Cook Trudeau contravene
section 12 what he his family excepted
travel provided by the avocado on
private aircraft the travel was not
required as a part of his official
duties the circumstances were not
exceptional and he did not seek the
prior approval of the commissioner oh I
mean Donald Trump has his own private
jet
at private helicopter but he pays for it
himself when someone lets you fly on
their private plane a private helicopter
it is an enormous luxurious personal
favour again such a vanity move such a
fake celebrity rich move it has no
purpose other than to butter someone up
someone who's so narcissistic again if
they were old friends who always partied
like rockstars this way the law grants
an exception but they weren't it's just
the Trudeau's feel entitled to live like
billionaires and the Otacon was fine
with that
you could almost say that the AG economy
into living like the Kardashians pretty
easy to use that personality quirk to
get things that you want from them don't
you think I mean if you were asking the
Canadian government for a check for
fifty five million dollars look at that
you see that maximum contribution 55
million one hundred and fifty thousand
you see it there for their foreign
project and you're asking for other
favors along the way you throw a few
hundred G's that the Prime Minister's
grasping
- you bet you would frankly that's a lot
cheaper than hiring a fancy lobbyist in
Ottawa and you'd know how to manipulate
that corrupt regime from now on just
give the wife baubles since she'll Lobby
her husband for you okay back to the law
section 21 requires that public office
holders recuse themselves from any
discussion decision debate or vote on
any matter in respect of which they
would be in a conflict of interest
I found that mr. Trudeau contravene
section 21 when he failed to recuse
himself from two discussions which he
had an opportunity to improperly further
the private interests of the global
Center for pluralism that's owned by the
IRA Cohn
shortly before mr. Trudeau's family had
vacationed on the AG economy Thailand
now let me tell you about the AG economy
is no fool he's 81 years old he's the
spiritual leader of 25 million people he
is a billionaire he is a businessman he
is a philanthropist a diplomat of sorts
I rather like him I've never met him
he's the most liberal progressive
peaceful Muslim leader in the world very
Pro Western it's the smiley Muslims so
I'm a fan of the avocado I'm just saying
he's not interested in partying with a
juvenile Justin Trudeau and Sophie
Trudeau he's 81 he's just interested in
getting his fifty five million bucks
or something for the Agha Khan
foundation or whatever let me give an
example of house how a serious man in
his 80s operates again this is from the
report yesterday in September 2016 the
Agha Khan made a telephone call followed
up with a letter asking to have mr.
Trudeau intervene as Prime Minister in a
diplomatic matter involving a Canadian
corporation and a foreign country the
avocado with a wish that he and mr.
Trudeau could soon meet on his island
that's how you do business when you're
an 81 year old billionaire it was
business he wanted something from
Trudeau he wanted a favour for a
corporation in the foreign country oh
and come by my place and let's meet in
the Bahamas in the same phone call the
AG economy how to operate Trudeau push
the vanity button put the luxury push
the luxury button judo loves taking
vacations his wife is a straw
gold digger who thinks she's Celine Dion
that's how you get to Trudeau one more
quote from the report it in my view the
evidence clearly shows that there was an
ongoing official business between the
Government of Canada and the Agha Khan
at the time each invitation to visit the
island was accepted and the mr. Trudeau
as Prime Minister was in a position to
be able to advance some of the matters
of interest of the Agra cotton whether
he did so or not this leads to the
conclusion that the gifts could
reasonably be seen to being given to
influence mr. Trudeau in the exercise of
an official power duty or function
unquote of course it wasn't just one
vacation they partied there on the
island in Christmas of 2014 then in the
Mart in March of 2016
Sophie Trudeau herself just called up
and asked if they could party in the
island let me quote from the report in
February 2016
miss Gregoire Trudeau reached out to the
avocado daughter and discussed the
possibility of miss Gregoire Trudeau
vacationing on the island during the
month of March a March 11 2016 miss
Gregoire Trudeau a friend of hers and
their children arrived on the island for
a week-long trip mr. Trudeau did not
take part in that trip in a written
submission to my office the agakhan
stated that neither he nor any other
member of his family was present on
bell's k at that time that's the name of
the island so a week-long trip for the
whole family and friends of the family
and and what's the point of a trip of a
lifetime if you can't have it again and
again in your lifetime on command let me
read more from the report in mid-july
2016 this is just a few months later in
mid-july
miss Gregoire Trudeau contacted the IVA
Khan's daughter and inquired whether her
family would be able to vacation on
Bell's K at Christmas mr. Trudeau said
they chose to vacation of bells K as it
offers security and privacy for himself
on his first family the Agra concert all
miss Gregoire Trudeau that she and her
family were welcome to vacations on the
island and informed her that she and her
family might be there as well later on
miss Gregoire Trudeau asked if they
could invite friends to join them on
them Island and the ague Khan's daughter
agreed to this ok enough from the report
from now but but you have to see how
much it was how often it was how
entitled it was how greedy it was how
narcissistic was how the Trudeau was
side was all about being grifters and
the other con side was all about oh I
don't know getting their 55 million
bucks from the Canadian government or a
diplomatic favor they weren't even there
it's a pure bribe they're not friends
the Agha Khan shook his hand once in 30
years and Trudeau lied about this of
course he did you know our friend Joe
Warmington broke this story a year ago
he heard that something was fishy so he
kept asking the Prime Minister's office
where is the Trudeau family where is the
Trudeau family and they kept lying to
him
look what Joe tweeted last January this
is from January 2000 like almost a year
ago the PMO said he was flown to NASA
he is taking private time with his
family in the area there was an email
they sent to Joe
I guess it's technically true in the
area but he really wasn't flown to NASA
he was flown to there and then on to the
AG economy island called Bell's Kay they
were hiding this fact of course they
were hiding and because the rules
you see they only apply to the little
people chill Warmington knew something
was up he kept digging
you know Gerald Butz Justin Trudeau's
principal secretary tried to tell the
media to shut up all there's nothing
here nothing here to see this is what he
tweeted in May said MPs from all over
Canada finally get a chance to ask the
Prime Minister a question they all asked
about the Christmas vacation it's May
well the grifting had gone on for years
though hadn't it but Betts thought that
I don't know maybe there was a two-day
expiration date after which you can't
ask about ethical breaches and they lied
enough to get by Joe Warmington for a
little bit and to get by the media for a
little bit because it's a bit tough to
talk about helping the middle class if
you're partying on a billionaires
private island at all let alone when
that billionaire is lobbying for money
and other favors and the Prime Minister
is in on the decisions for that and your
wife just won't stop asking at for
or and I know who the good will prevail
and I could conquer the world without a
love that I feel when you smile back at
me when you smile back at me Oh darlings
you mind if I come by for another vacay
I'm so tired can I come by for a week
with my family my extended family my
in-laws and my friends and their friends
huh that's just sure absolutely cheaper
than hiring a lobbyist so why did Justin
Trudeau have to say about all this he's
the first Prime Minister in history to
be found to have broken a federal law
four times a law against bribery and
corruption literally called the conflict
of interest Act listen to this stumbling
bumbling buffoon that not have occurred
to you with all due respect you were
gonna take a free holiday from someone
you consider a friend but obviously you
have a different definition of a friend
than the commissioner you knew that they
had a lobbying registry that they were
set up to lobby the government how could
it not have occurred to you that that
might not have been okay but the fact is
we work the saurian we just try to
reorder reorder the thoughts we
worked with the the lobby
conflict-of-interest commissioner on a
regular basis on a broad range of issues
when the issues come up on this issue of
a family vacation with a personal friend
it wasn't considered that there would be
an issue there obviously obviously there
was a yeah of course he's corrupt
of course he's entitled maybe he doesn't
even realize it because that's sort of
how he always is that's all he's ever
known
he always just takes what he wants
because he's a true doe because people
will give it to him for various reasons
his whole life you know he's a
trust-fund kid son of a trust-fund kid
never did an honest day's work in his
life always had someone else picking up
the tab all we said someone else
cleaning up the mess and people were
always happy to pay because they got
something in return access prestige
whatever but that doesn't go when you're
in charge of the public trust when when
you just got played by a foreign
billionaire who cracked your code pretty
quick oh this guy's a grifter just give
him and his wife whatever they want
luxuries just spend a few on a grand
private jets he'll give you tens of
millions of dollars in return
Trudeau's stammers in his press
conference and his written response
wasn't any better let me read these two
tweets his first was today's report from
the conflict of interest in ethics
commissioner makes it very clear I
should have cleared my family vacation
and dealings with the agakhan
I'm sorry I didn't and in the future
I'll be clearing all family vacations
with the commissioner's office all right
so so is he going to pay back the
billionaire for his personal luxury
vacations or are you just gonna bank
that I mean we had a multi-year trial
over Mike Duffy's expense account which
by the way was actually paid back by
Nigel right Trudeau just gets to keep
the gift here he gets the vacation
doesn't have to pay for of course he's
true though here's the second part of
Trudeau's tweet he said I've always
considered the AG economy friend that's
why I didn't clear this family trip in
the first place
given the commissioners report I'll be
taking all precautions in the future
don't lie you
here you met him once in 30 years you
never called him he never called you you
were not close family friends you're a
liar and the ethics commissioner said so
in a devastating way but that phrase
I'll be taking all precautions as if
accepting a bribe
were something done to him as if his
wife was trapped as opposed to this
being done by the Troodos they're so
crooked big story huge story
the ethics commissioner was kind enough
to Trudeau to wait until Parliament was
over for Christmas so no prickly
question period hey thanks ethics
commissioner you took 12 months to do
your report you could have come out with
it a couple weeks earlier or who knows
it could have been released in the after
the Christmas break but release it in
the dead zone of Christmas sylphs and
right after the recent by-elections in
Canada - if we don't want those people
thinking Trudeau's a crook that's an
inside job wasn't it is this a big story
what do you think of course it is but
let's look at some front pages from
across the country let's start with
Montreal a second largest city in Canada
Trudeau's hometown front page of the
Montreal coz that can you spot the story
there
it's though it's six tiny words on the
left hand side you see it there Trudeau
broke ethics rules watchdog fines that's
it the Calgary Herald biggest pay Oh
destroy the shoots me the Chronicle
Herald the biggest paper in the Atlantic
which of course is 100% Liberal MPs
including Seamus O'Regan who took a free
trip with Trudeau to the island not one
word about it on the front page not one
word Toronto's son my favorite newspaper
in Canada no one worried about it on the
front page Vancouver's son third-largest
city small box in the top right you see
that watch dog bites PM vacation broke
ethics rules okay I guess that's
something not a word though on the front
page of the other Vancouver newspaper
not one word it wasn't a total blackout
The Globe and the post had it on the
front I will grant that funny enough the
Toronto Star had it talked to the page
great clear headline looking right there
PM's private island trip violated ethics
rules got to give credit to the star
even though their Trudeau lovers that is
an
honest and clear headline if it were
Stephen Harper who was convicted of four
breaches of the corruption law of taking
bribes of lying about a friendship to
bring out gifts and grifts if luring
Harper were the first lady that was
revealed to have been a striving
grasping gold-digging prime minister's
wife ringing out registered lobbyists
for her lifestyle for her fake
Kardashian friends do you think that it
would be the front page everywhere do
you think the calls for Harper's
resignation would be endless until it
happened certainly Tilly paid back every
cent do you think the RCMP in fact would
be pressed to lay actual criminal
charges if it were Stephen Harper oh but
you know the answers already my friends
you know the answers but I said I'd end
with one more question and it's this do
you still wonder why Bill Morneau
thought his corruption was acceptable
why he could lie to the ethics
commissioner why he could lie about his
villa in France why he could lie about
his blind trust you still wonder how
that can happen Justin Trudeau has
brought back the culture of corruption
lebra knows style it's not just him and
his staff it's the whole rotting system
of fish rots from the head down which is
why half the media in the country are
already burying it and by January
they'll be calling this boring old noose
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
