we're seeing the negotiation tactics of
the good folks in Gaza and the West Bank
using violence to sort of get their
point across but I think in the end even
though there are threats of war and
threats of violence this will be Donald
Trump's peace through strength moment
that he is telling those sketchy Arab
and Muslim nations that they shit that
you know the line is in the sand and
that if they are going to do something
in the region they will be up against
the United States once again uh-huh
well dr. Mordechai kadar who's a
professor of our Elon University here in
Israel I I know him I met with him when
I was first here in October he he speaks
Arabic anybody want to look up once look
up his videos on YouTube they're very
very good um he said this the same thing
like it's that the show of strength will
actually bring more peaceful resolutions
now I seriously doubt there will ever be
a two-state solution so to speak because
neither do I yet it's completely
ridiculous and there already is a state
and it's called Jordan as far as I'm
concerned I mean that's what he created
a long time ago but as for that these
radical Mahmoud Abbas the Palestinian
Authority and Hamas I they will never
want to have peace because they're just
part of the global jihad but on the
ground the the average Muslim many of
them just want to live normal I mean
they do live with us here in Jerusalem
in very normal circumstances we all take
the buses together they work in
restaurants they do you know we just
have to we deal with each other on a
daily basis within cafes and whatever
and many many of them want to have
Israeli citizenship and live here under
democratic Israeli rule rather than
under the corrupt Sharia governments of
a Hamas or Palestinian Authority so I
think there are
different solutions for this I don't I
mean as it is the global jihad and you
can see what's happening around the
world these people don't want peace so
to speak because it's not in their
vernacular but there is a certain aspect
of coexistence that can happen and there
are lots of different ways of doing that
and one of the things that dr. kadar has
actually brought up to was giving the
tribes like they live in a tribal
mentality no way of living you know
giving the tribes jurisdiction over
certain areas that they already have in
in the so called West Bank Judea and
Samaria dr. Martin Sherman says hey some
of these people who are non combatant
types to move elsewhere you know there
there are many different solutions that
could be put in place that have nothing
to do with a two-state solution that's
an excerpt from my weekly full-length
show the gun show on my show I take on
the issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
