the Obama administration allowed a major
terrorist organization to operate as a
global drug and weapons cartel former
CIA station chief and congressional
candidate Scott you'll endure joins me
to discuss so when I read this political
piece called the secret back story of
how Obama led Hezbollah off the hook now
the Obama administration just overlooked
Hezbollah being one of the largest
cocaine and wemp weapons trafficking
cartels in the world there's one guy I
had to speak to my good friend Scott you
linger former CIA station chief and now
candidate for US Congress from
Pennsylvania's 15 congressional district
Scott how are you my friend fine fine
everything's great John this this story
blew my mind and I sent it to you and
you read it and you came back to me and
I know you you felt it was incredibly
comprehensive and that what was laid out
in the story seems very accurate correct
with the way these investigations would
typically happen from your experience as
a CIA case officer and then station
chief this this seems to hold water
investigatively for me it certainly does
right exactly I mean and then right
there's this kind of an Intel piece to
it and there's a law enforcement piece
to it too so like the two of us together
you can certainly see the nuances just
as well as I can that's right but it is
it's you know it's very troubling stuff
but when you look at you know previous
actions of the Obama administration to
suppress things that go against their
narrative then maybe this isn't
surprising it's just more discouraging
news on the you know on the
international policy front listen I
wasn't surprised by any of it I mean
nothing the Obama administration did
with regards to bad guys with regards to
Isis they essentially allowed IFAs Isis
to proliferate because they didn't want
to crush them so seeing that they they
allowed Hezbollah to become essentially
one of the largest global crime
syndicates wasn't surprising to me when
you look at it and understand that they
did it to placate Iran now one of as a
matter of full disclosure for the
audience Scott and I worked together on
his congressional race but that's not
well I've had him on the show today I
once got on the show for these matters
because he really is the most know
eligible gyno and his experience with
this one is on point because he ran us
operations against Iran and Iranian
assets let's got the gist of the story
is and I'll and I'll keep it pretty
simple for the audience that the DEA the
Drug Enforcement Administration and and
let me just say that the DEA and I'm
sure you've seen this during your career
with CIA the DEA has an incredibly
robust intelligence infrastructure and
in certain parts of the world it rivals
any other global intelligence service
especially Mexico and Central and South
America where they've been operating for
so long would you agree with that yeah
that would be true definitely okay so
the CBI the DEA in cooperation with I'm
assuming CIA and they said 30 other
global agency ensure FBI was involved in
ATF because there were guns and that's a
foreign liaison services liaison
services right globally they they
discovered that Hezbollah was not only
an ideological religious and political
organization but in reality was funding
its its terror acts its support for
terror its terror recruitment efforts by
running cocaine and guns worldwide and
this reads almost like fiction there's a
central player in all this on Hezbollah
side that's actually called the ghost if
you read the story it's putting
fascinating stuff so the DEA sets up a
command center in a top-secret facility
outside Chantilly Virginia where they
run these operations and the the
intelligence they gather from both a
global intelligence perspective and the
ability to make domestic law enforcement
cases against Hezbollah members and
their enablers is ironclad you read the
you read the proposed indictments you
read the letters from the US Attorney's
Office you read the statements the
emails from the from the DEA agents of
the people they were working with this
was cut and dry slam-dunk one of the
best investigative jobs I've ever seen
comprehensive well done the Obama
administration blocked them at every
turn and it appears the Obama
administration blocked them did not
disrupt Obama's policy of appeasement
with Iran and he's incredibly stupid
Iran deal so Scott did I leave anything
out no you didn't really that's that
really is the is the is the heart of the
matter the you know Obama showed many
other signs of going way too easy on
Iran to get to conclude this disastrous
quote treaty on
quote that we're now stuck with I mean
the main thing that comes to mind was I
think in 2010 the there was kind of an
uprising of a lot of university students
in Tehran right and and basically Obama
sold them down the river he did not
support them you know from the bully
pulpit which would have been which would
have been instrumental in making the
regime very uncomfortable he didn't do
that he sold them out because he wanted
to conclude a deal deal with the mullahs
and this is just you know point and
parcel of it it's kind of funny that
this operation was called Operation
Cassandra which according to you know
right which is according to Greek
mythology the prophet who was wood was
doomed to walk the earth
unbeliev that no one would believe them
so unfortunately was an appropriate name
because they were not believed or they
were suppressed by the Obama
administration it's an unfortunate irony
so let's get into the weeds a little bit
for the others let's talk about you you
worked in some pretty hostile places for
nearly 20 years on behalf of this
country you recruited spies in places
that were you could have been killed for
doing so tell the audience what
Hezbollah's trafficking as what was
bringing you Hezbollah rau that was
bringing in about a billion bucks a year
and the article says roughly half a
billion of that was profit they brought
in a half a billion through various and
sundry Anthony's that were profit about
a billion a year gross tell the audience
what a group like Hezbollah uses that
money for
I mean Hezbollah is basically functions
almost as a nation-state at this point I
mean it has a political policy it even
has social welfare policies in places
like Lebanon it is basically the
functioning government it functions
better than the Lebanese government
itself but they're also totally tied in
to Iran and their intelligence structure
is very similar to that of Iran and
they're very formidable they're even
very formidable from the seei point of
view in other words trying to penetrate
these organizations to learn more about
them they are very sophisticated and and
can identify spies in their myths when
you when you say CI you're talking about
the counterintelligence point of view
our inability to infiltrate these
organizations right they're savvy and
they a firewall exactly I'm not mistaken
there has actually been one or two
Americans who have been who've been
thrown into
for spying for Hezbollah not a
nation-state as we understand it but
Hezbollah itself and you know so my god
let me let me stop you there because you
say something very very interesting so
so john brennan Obama's former CIA
director the guy who was tried to throw
Trump under the bus with this bogus
Trump Russia collusion John Brennan
while this operation was ongoing this
operation operation Cassandra started in
2008 started right before Obama took
office and and Obama took office January
2009 obviously and that's when the
roadblock started John Brennan in 2010
knowing full well that Hezbollah was a
global crime syndicate bringing tons of
cocaine in the United States monthly
running weapons around the world John
Brennan downplayed this threat according
to the political piece and and
encouraged encourage nations in the
Middle East and our own government to
allow Hezbollah more prominence in the
Lebanese political process that's about
one of the worst things I've ever heard
come out of the CIA that's right that
and that's another typical right and
it's you know Brennan was a total
disaster as an advisor that president in
as a CIA director because he's just
incompetent the but this is illustrative
of the problems we have we can have in
u.s. foreign policy this idea his idea
was oh we need to strengthen the quote
moderate elements of Hezbollah and and
so we should you know we should just
break relations with them we need to
speak to them but this is the same
illusion that has our people for 20
years seeking out moderate elements in
the Iranian regime well we can sorry
moderate elements right are their
moderate elements within Hezbollah I
would not think there are modern they're
orange they're not and just as there are
not in the Iranian regime but you know
this is mirror imaging in the Intel
world very very dangerous thing to do
you you think that they're you know that
they're structured like thing of the US
government there are no moderate
elements in Iran all of them say death
to America just some of them raised
their voices more than others so that to
fool yourself into thinking that
Hezbollah or Iran that we can talk to
certain people in there because and and
and moderate them is an exercise in
folly but typical of Brennan
that's exactly right and that was the
Obama administration's entire feckless
foreign policy right and an intelligent
policy they believe that bad guys would
be turned into good guys you prostrate
yourself to the bad guys
that's right whether it was China or his
below or Iran that's right that's the
same with same disastrous policy
worldwide now I've spoken to some of my
friends in ba down here in Miami and I
want people to understand this this
operation operation Cassandra the
intelligence gleaned pulled us something
very scary these operators the Hezbollah
operators in this global cocaine and
weapons trafficking network were not
limited to the Middle East they weren't
only doing this out of places like Iran
and Lebanon this came into the Caribbean
Venezuela has long been even before the
Maduro regime screwed everything up and
and and Chavez before that Venezuela has
long been a drug trend shipments enter
the island of Aruba has long been a drug
trend ship and sent it right off the
coast Cuba has been a drug transit man
center now these bad actors these
Hezbollah actors were incredibly active
in Central and South America use red
using points up two hours from the US to
two hours by air in some clay cases even
less Cuba for example is thirty five
forty minutes in a small jet from Miami
Ortiz rest they were using noses jump
off points to get the drugs to get the
weapons in in the US this was not only a
Middle East operation this was a global
network utilizing bad actors from the
narco terror world in South and Central
America as well all of that was
overlooked they were given a pass as
well because your bomb administration
didn't want this to come back to Iran
that's right I mean right people have to
understand that this is these are
transnational problems because this
network of fundraising you know the
Hezbollah use was buying used cars in
the United States exporting them to
Africa using that money to finance
Hezbollah programs in Lebanon and all
the while they're also you know and then
and then bringing drugs back to
Venezuela
I mean Venezuela is the perfect example
of you know it was totally in your face
illegalities I mean the president Maduro
is just totally cooperating with Iran
there are literally flights that go
directly to Iran from Caracas and they
load up on drugs and weapons they bring
back back in codes force and IRGC
you know basically the the Iranian SS I
like to call them bring them back to
Venezuela where they can wreak havoc all
over the place in fact one of the guys
was one of the people that was mentioned
in the one of the bad actors in the
article is mentioned as there's an
outstanding warrant for his arrest for
conspiracy to kill Americans and this
had to do with a conspiracy to kill us
advisers with dealing with FARC in
Colombia well let me let me tell you why
this is so so terrifying and for people
that watch the show who aren't here in
South Florida the waterways between
Venezuela and South Florida or are
outside of hurricane season pretty calm
waterways you can take it you don't need
a ship to get your your terror actors
here you don't need a ship you can use a
large sport fish a 15 70 foot sport you
solo and come across the Caribbean it's
very very calm water friends of mine and
I we jump on boats go out to the Bahamas
all the time and and in in the season it
now we're at a hurricane season now from
now to may very very easy to make that
crossing when you've got a complicit
government in Venezuela not just
complicit but they're partners in the
crime scene cooperatives cooperative
partners that they're they're part of
the cartel now at this point right these
people were very easily able to get into
the u.s. we have plenty of small marinas
here without a customs presence in fact
our border security we talk about the
southern border southern border I know
you know this Scott but I want the
audience to know in South Florida alone
there are dozens upon dozens upon dozens
of marinas that you can come into with a
sport fish and your customs check-in is
essentially voluntary if the Coast Guard
isn't popping a hit on your boat and
sending ice or CBP or the Coast Guard
assets over to check on you it's really
an honor system to check in with customs
let them know you're coming very very
easy to unload some guys in a raft on
the beach come check in with all the
contraband and the bad guys are off the
boat you let him off a few miles out
very small very hard to pick up on radar
that's how terrifying this was this is
what the Obama administration overlooked
and with the car deal he had 30 car
dealerships in the US a network of 30
dealers that were taking these cars and
sending them over to Africa right under
the nose of the federal government
and allowed to act with impunity I mean
this to me is you know every day it
feels like we have we can say well that
was the greatest scandal in American
history and it all ties back to the
Obama administration that's right
it's lievable it's true it is even there
was even almost a throwaway line in the
article that III you know honed in on
and it talked about the essential one of
the guys who they were looking at who
they had decided to quote let go the
quote was a central player in a u.s.
cell I saw that of the Iranian yeah yeah
yeah but now that's unbelievable so
they're saying okay so there are the
codes force is basically like a
paramilitary special forces that Iran
uses so they're they're saying in the
article that they were there were known
irani and members of this group that
were operating in cells in the United
States probably dropped off on a small
boat like you said in southern Florida
and we just decided to like drop the
entire investigation so you know we
talked about the southern border and
security and Hezbollah or or other
people amongst us people who are like if
they get to get go they can just shoot
up a mall or blow something up well
they're obviously they are amongst us
right now and the Obama administration
chose to do nothing well you know there
was there was another piece and I think
was a Fox News piece and I've referenced
it on the show a few times mmm but but
the the data was from from Department
Homeland Security we talked so much
about security on the southern border
and we worry about people coming in from
Mexico and Guatemala from El Salvador
and as 13 what we don't talk about are
the 300 nearly 350,000 illegals have
come across the southern border from 34
nations of terror concern and now we're
finding out they might have also been
coming in through our waterways through
our marinas on the east coast of the US
on the on the west coast of Florida at
least close to the US but on the Gulf
side and on the Atlantic aside so so
this our borders are not just porous
Obama it seems he opened them up and put
out a big neon welcome sign for the bad
guys that's right
that's right and it's it's all very
troubling uh like I said the it is in
the ghost you mentioned the ghost you
know a supplier of chemical
happens to Syria and a cocaine
trafficker I mean is there is there
anything you could think of that could
be worse than that but they you know but
they close this investigation down now
hopefully the Trump administration can
resurrect it but I mean you know better
than I do I mean this this was dropped
several years ago and to pick up the
pieces it's gonna be very difficult we
tried to keep the operation running but
at a low level but I think eventually
that Peter that the money ran out
well even even harder now though Scott
now that now that the assets are burned
and the operation is public these guys
are gonna go deeper underground and
they've been very successful at staying
underground they've got to nation states
that are complicit to nation-states that
are actively shielding them Iran and
Venezuela you know the UN are gonna step
in and shield and the UN is gonna
roadblock anything that we try to do
internationally against us they there's
not an organization in the world that
loves terrorists and bad guys and narco
traffickers more than the UN and so
you're right weird so let me ask you the
question
you're a case officer let's say tomorrow
President Trump calls you he says hey
you linger forget that congressional run
I need you have deputy director I need
that you as deputy director of
operations back here at CIA run in two
years
I want to task you with with starting
this investigation again what do you do
Scott where do you go I mean I mean the
first thing obviously you go back to the
original investigation knowing full well
that a lot of those leads will be dead
but you basically have to do a lot of
studying and homework to identify the
nodes that you have to then work toward
recruiting I mean it wouldn't involve
I've had to do things like this we're
like thick cold cases so to speak I was
able to resurrect but it was because I
put considerable effort into under into
research and understanding you know
where all the nodes were and who to
contact and also it can be done but
you'd need a huge team to do this I mean
this is anyway it would take years it
would take two years I just make two
years that's what I was gonna say about
two years to just get back to where you
left off there's no question let alone
making a dent it's really I hope Pompeyo
well there's rumors he's gonna now move
over to state potentially there's a lot
of shuffling I think I'm here I'm
hearing some rumors from the
administration although I won't talk
about him until they're if they're
confirmed but that there's gonna be some
shuffling going on in senior cabinet
positions but if somebody's looking at
this writing thing about this article I
like to is it
describe the tension that can exist
between law enforcement and intelligence
organizations you know it's said you
know the DA is very good at certain
things but when it comes to other things
they are and an article accurately
represented this they're regarded as
sometimes a little cowboy ish by the CIA
which is generally more measured and
careful but it's soso basically you know
law enforcement once prosecutions an
intelligence wants to continue a flow of
information and and those things often
act in opposition you know yeah right
right there on perfect you got it
straight compromise right I mean I've
worked with the FBI much more than the
DIA and there's and there's always a
tension there because you have slightly
different goals but but in the end of
the day you need to sit down and look at
you know and in the case this was
spelled out pretty well that okay the
CIA could justify maybe not going after
certain individuals based on we need to
collect further intelligence on them
however when I read something about you
know a codes force u.s. cell operating
in the United States okay at the end of
the day you know the CIA should be
dedicated to action okay we collect
intelligence we learn as much as we can
but there's a certain time when you have
to fish or cut bait and if there's a
u.s. codes for cell right then you need
okay you gather your Intel but then you
need to go in there and break that door
down
well you look it's very similar it's a
macro example of a micro law-enforcement
example right if you're going after la
cosa nostra mob guys wise guys you want
information to flow so you're not gonna
burn everybody who you have a you know
wire up on right but if you know there's
a hit team out there looking at whack
rival Capo's you're gonna go shut them
down you're also not gonna let that's
returned right I mean and there's a
wizard there's a way to do that without
different without burning the asset
without without burning the surveillance
and so what they did here this it seems
to me anyway that the Obama
administration purposefully with intent
didn't go after it was a clear president
imminent threat to US citizens by
breaking up those cuts for sells in the
u.s. I mean it distress did piggyback on
what you said earlier this is equivalent
to a Delta team operating inside of Iran
with the knowledge of the Iranian
government and the Iranian government
doing nothing about it it would never
happen that's actually that
that's your exactly right John that is
exactly what it is equivalent to that's
right the and right and and X Obama
administration officials have not
admitted to this they they don't really
want to discuss it we contacted Brennan
right but there were revelations some of
the former officials involved there was
a Katherine Bauer who was involved
she was an Obama Treasury official and
she and her quote was under Obama the
investigation was tamp down for fear of
rocking the boat with Iran this was in
sums like testimony read so it is out
there even they themselves knew what
they were doing even though they deny it
now I read it that made my blood boil
because you know there was such apathy
to public safety from this
administration and he really I truly
believe that Barack Obama fundamentally
hated the United States he hated
American exceptionalism and he wanted us
to be on par with the lowest common
denominator third world countries he
went out there to did a damn good job of
it he did a damn good job of it he went
out there on an appeasement tour with
people that wanted to kill us basically
saying we agree with you we should be
killed for the horrible things we did
how do we make it better
did we be good Demi should we get on our
knees and bow down to you what should we
do what will make you like us how much
should we appease you it was so
reprehensible what he did to the image
of the United States globalist and now
we know they went look I said this I
tweeted to Eric Holder the other day on
Twitter I said you know you used to only
be a gunrunner now you're a drug dealer
well now he's a gunrunner a drug dealer
and he and able to guy to deal chemical
weapons to Syria because Eric Holder was
the Attorney General for most of this
right and this is there's all these
things that you know make your blood
boil make any Patriots blood boil this
is a reason why I'm running for Congress
because I feel compelled to do something
about it I have the skillset that I can
try to do something about this and I'm
determined to do that because it's it's
disgusting what we're saying and the
more every day there are more warts
revealed from what we already knew as a
disastrous foreign policy but now we're
seeing the grant you know it's a
granularity of just how bad it actually
was yeah I mean look I don't think Bill
Clinton and even Jimmy Carter the
world's most jellyfish spine tupiza
would have ever allowed at global crime
say well let me take that back from Bill
Clinton they are a global crime
syndicate
Jimmy Carter I don't this should have
been competition for them yeah this
would be competition for the Clinton
would have eliminated already been
whacking each other left and right yet
Hillary would have been there with the
cigar and the machine gun the old combi
gun Bob Bob Barker Clinton but but I
don't think a Jimmy Carter would have
done this I don't think the old school
Democrats whatever ya have allowed a
global crime syndicate but Jimmy Carter
was spineless but the man was a roll or
two hero he was a patriot he was just
misguided on how to go about handling
bad guys but I think the rule of law
meant something the guys like right and
this just shows you this is another sign
of how left the the you know Democrats
have a lurch that you know they no
longer even believe that you know
America is the most decent country knew
well they in fact think quite the
opposite it's like the worst country in
the world where the worst country in the
world's got my buddy my friend it's
always it is such an interesting time
with you
unfortunately we're out of time how can
people find out more about you and your
congressional run well um the I'm on
Facebook
Scott Euler for Congress people can
certainly like that and that would be
gratefully received and then also the
campaign site is Scott for for-4 PA com
on Twitter that Twitter AMA at the
station chief Scott you at the station
chief right at the station chief on
Twitter
Scott fo RPA on the web and Scott you
linger for Congress on Facebook Scott as
always an absolute pleasure we're gonna
do this again next week so I'm sure
something else is gonna break thanks my
friend thanks incredibly interesting
stuff isn't it and I want to keep
bringing it to you so please subscribe
to our premium service w-w-w dot the
rebel dot media forward slash shows
you're already a subscriber thank you so
so much I'll be back with you tomorrow
thanks very much for watching
you
