it's special counsel Robert Muller
improperly use attorney-client
privileged emails from the Trump
transition team well it appears that he
did I'm gonna cut through the fact and
the fiction coming from both sides well
by now you've seen this story lawyers
for the Trump transition team which is
now called Trump for America most
notably attorney Cory langhoffer are
claiming that Special Counsel Robert
Muller improperly obtained emails from
the General Services Administration that
were being stored for the Trump
transition team and that's where the
story starts so let's first the bunk all
of the bad information coming from both
sides from the right they're saying that
the Muller Motors team had no right to
those emails because they were trunk
transition emails and they were after
the election therefore he was
investigating Trump Russia collusion
during the election and the emails are
irrelevant that's what the right is
saying and that Muller had no right to
the emails in any situation any case any
way shape or form that's on the right on
the left they're saying Muller had full
right to the emails because those emails
were maintained on government Services
Administration GSA servers and because
they were on GSA servers they were the
property of the federal government and
they're posting all of these terms and
conditions from the GSA and because
Muller is an investigator that that was
that was appointed on behalf of the
federal government to look in a trump
brush of collusion he's allowed to look
at those emails no matter what well both
sides are very very wrong let's start
with why the right is wrong the right is
wrong because Muller obtaining the
emails in and of itself is standard
investigative practice if I were on
Mulder's team I'd want to see the emails
as well you want to see all information
pertinent to an investigation so that's
where the right is wrong saying that
it's egregious and and wrong and dirty
in and of itself and Muller to even have
tried to obtain the emails the right is
wrong they're sound investigative
practice to try to obtain the emails
legally and lawfully we're going to get
to that in a moment
the left is dead wrong and saying well
they were on GSA servers therefore the
property of the federal government and
Muller have a right to them dead wrong
because the presidential transition act
as well as memos Jeff
rated by the chief records officer of
the United States government made and
make it very clear that presidential
transition team communications and
records are held to a much different
privacy standard they are the property
of the presidential transition team now
called Trump for America any waiver of
that information being released or
privileged information contained therein
must come from the owner who in that
case was the transition team from for
America that was never done now the
Trump transition team owned those
records that GSA did not the people that
are putting out out these images of GSA
terms and conditions are really
misunderstanding what they're putting
out there those terms and conditions
well they pertain that GSA government
Services Administration employees if I'm
a GSA employee and I make an off-color
joke maybe it's a racist joke maybe it's
a sexist joke maybe I'm talking about
the commission of a crime maybe I'm
talking about using drugs on the weekend
on my GSA email well no warrant is
needed I'm an employee when I when I
sought employment and when I signed my
employment paperwork I acknowledge that
any email communication on their servers
on any texts I sent from a cellphone the
government might give me is the property
of the government it can be used against
me whether to fire me or civilly sue me
or criminally prosecute me well that's
where the left is wrong the Trump
transition team were not employees of
the federal government the GSA was
simply lending them equipment on which
to communicate on which to store their
data until they were moved into the
White House during that short transition
period the equivalent and I'll give you
a very simplistic equivalent is you rent
an apartment you rent an apartment
that's owned by your landlord but
everything in the condo and entry to the
condo is under your control the
apartment is under your control your
landlord can't enter and give away your
furniture your television set your
landlord can't give the police consent
to enter your dwelling your home without
a warrant or your consent that's what
happened here the presidential
transition team now known as Trump for
America never gave consent from Muller
obtained emails now could Muller have
gotten a warrant sure we don't know if
that's the case but it would have been
relatively easy for Muller and his team
to say well we've already got charges
pending against General Michael Flynn
interview that happened during the
transition your honor so we have
probable cause to believe there might be
pertinent information material
information in the transition emails can
we please have a warrant that would have
been fine so obtaining merely
obtaining the emails providing it was
done legally now if Muller went to the
General Services Administration over to
GSA and strongarm them or
GSA willingly gave Muller the emails
well that's very problematic because
they weren't GSA's to give and they
weren't molars to request that would had
to have been done with the express
consent of Trump for America what the
transition team is now called they would
have had to have said sure you can have
those emails but so the emails
themselves if they were obtained legally
are not the problem if they weren't they
become a secondary problem the real
problem here is what attorney langhoffer
is claiming that Muller's team
inappropriately improperly and
potentially illegally never notified the
the Trump transition team now the Trump
administration or their attorneys that
attorney-client privileged emails or
among the emails requested from GSA are
provided by GSA under warrant and that
those attorney-client privilege emails
were not quarantined they were not
firewalled they were read and they were
viewed by Muller's team now that well
that's a dagger in the heart of our
judicial system that's a dagger in the
heart of due process if you can expect
confidentiality when communicating with
your attorney well that's a very very
big constitutional problem now there are
those armchair lawyers on the left you
say well privilege isn't absolute
there's a crime fraud exception look up
the crime fraud exception well there is
something called a crime fraud exception
but that pertains to you communicating
with your lawyer but the intent of
getting out of a future crime or or your
lawyer Co conspiring with you to help
you get out of a crime it's not the
crime fraud exception rather doesn't
apply if you simply lawyer gives you
advice and says okay you're going into a
meeting with the FBI you're required to
discuss this
however statute and case law say you're
not required to discuss this so you can
certainly refuse to answer that question
that's standard typical lawyer client
advice which is privileged but if
team used those types of conversations
to elicit pleas and to strong-arm
witnesses and in strong armed suspects
while man the entire investigation needs
to shut down and Muller and his team
need to be investigated now Gregg
Jarrett did an outstanding piece in on
foxnews.com where he laid out some of
the statutory problems Muller has Gregg
goes on to he first says that what I
said a little bit earlier the
presidential transition Act states that
all records of transition operations are
private and confidential as a matter
where they reside does it matter if the
servers are our own and controlled by
the Department of Justice by the General
Services Administration my Social
Security Administration matter the
presidential transition records are
private and confidential Gregg Jarrett
then quotes case law he quotes case law
and the cases United States v Taylor 764
vote an attorney who receives privileged
documents has an ethical duty to cease
review of the documents notify the
privilege holder and return the
documents in other words when Muller's
team got the emails from the General
Services Administration they were
legally bound once they saw that there
were emails say hypothetically between
Michael Flynn and his attorney general
Flynn and his attorney cease reading
that email quarantined that email
notified Trump for America the
presidential transition team say hey we
messed up we've got this email we didn't
read it
we quarantined it we secured it and
we're sending it back to you
but Muller's team never did that in fact
it appears they continued to read and
use those emails
Brett Jarrett says did Muller do this
meaning that he notified he quarantine
that he returned the privileged
documents apparently not he never
notified PTT the presidential transition
team when his staff of lawyers
encountered the privileged documents and
he compounded his violation of the law
by possessing and accessing them for
months
he goes on to say and I'm gonna read you
this it's very important only the owner
of such materials can waive the
privilege that protects them since the
General Services Administration does not
under the law on the records only the
transition team can make such a waiver
it did not remember my analogy it's the
apartment your landlord can't give your
furniture away your landlord cannot let
the police into your home to search it
without a warrant and that's precisely
what Muller did a Jared who's a pretty
talented lawyer continues and says hence
if any illegally obtained documents have
been used in the Trump Russia case then
the results are tainted and invalid this
is a well-established principle of law
he goes on to quote some other cases Ben
V Shiller what courts have frequently
used their supervisory authority to
disqualify prosecutors for obtaining
materials protected by the
attorney-client privilege equal to
statute 5cfr two six three five point
five zero one government employees
including prosecutors or prosecutors are
directed to take appropriate steps to
avoid an imporant and appearance of loss
of impartiality in the performance of
his or her official duties and that's
precisely what Muller's team did not do
now this combined with that first case
the US v Taylor where the attorneys who
access privileged information have an
ethical number that an ethical duty and
notify the privilege holder the
quarantine the information to return the
information combined with all of the
other problems run Muller's information
Bruce or a DOJ prosecutor's wife Nellie
you are working on the Trump Russia
dossier Weissman one of Muller's top
prosecutors telling a fired Sally Yates
he was in awe of her defiance of
President Trump Jeannine region Irie who
worked from Muller's law firm defending
people like Ben Rhodes in the Obama
administration in the Benghazi hearings
Peter stroker we know interviewed
general Flynn Peter stroke who
interviewed many many people and now it
might turn out that Peter stroke had
access to privileged attorney-client
attorney-client privilege emails before
conducting the interviews with the
people who were discussing privileged
things with their attorneys this is
incredibly incredibly problematic this
is incredibly the
sterben and that's the crux of the issue
see the crux of the issue isn't that of
emails or obtain like I said err order
that's fine that's standard
investigative protocol I've got no
problem with that but if Muller's team
on the heels of Andrew McCabe and all of
his conflicts of interest on the hills
of Muller's own conflicts of interest
because of his relationship with James
Comey on the heels of finding out that
James Comey altered a memo exonerating
Hillary Clinton before he been
interviewing her and knowing that the
president can fire call me if it's
Tuesday and raining and he doesn't like
rainy Tuesdays but he fired call me
because he lied because he did those
things on the heels of knowing that
Peters stroke Peter strokes and
thousands of anti-trump text messages to
his mistress Lisa page an FBI lawyer
that he spoke about an insurance policy
against Trump winning that many suspect
to now be but a bunk dossier that he
spoke about being the only person in a
position to protect the nation I'm
paraphrasing who could stop Trump on the
heels of all of that impropriety to find
out that lawyer-client privilege emails
might have been read and utilized by
Muller's team this is far and away the
dirtiest investigation I've ever come
across and I've been in law enforcement
in the private sector working with law
enforcement or analysing law enforcement
on air since 1992 25 years that's my lot
but more than half my adult life more
than half my more than half my life most
of my adult life I have never seen
anything that's bad and I'm not saying
that cuz I'm political partisan you know
my political stance you know I'm a
conservative I'm very Pro Trump but I'm
also a very objective guy when it comes
to law enforcement matters I started
this segment by telling you why the
right is wrong
I started this segment by telling you I
don't mind that Muller obtained the
emails that was good investigative
tactics I don't mind that but because he
he then access privileged emails and he
hid that he hid that from the transition
team he never got their consent he never
got a waiver their lawyers never knew
that he was reading they're privileged
communications well that is about the
worst thing I have ever heard someone do
and it's quite frankly terrifying
because if it can happen to a a now
sitting president and then a
president-elect
my god it can easily
happened to you and I without that power
without those resources but more
importantly Muller appears to be acting
unchecked unsupervised it is
unconstitutional that any one person
should have this much unchecked power or
a system of checks and balances but
Muller operates unchecked and now it
appears that he feels he can break any
rule so that he can find people fit the
crimes he wants to prosecute this is
really really important content really
important content considering all the
bad information out there and I want to
keep bringing you these explanations
these clarifications every day and
please help me keep doing that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.uvu.edu/library
