well 2017 is coming to a close and it
has been chock-full of both hope
optimism hate and horror as the year
comes to an end I thought I had seen it
all but silly me
he'll must have frozen over because I'm
about to agree with Matt Damon
that's right Jason Bourne has been
attacked like a Buffalo Wild Wings in
the vegan neighborhoods of San Francisco
what is his crime you ask well he had
the audacity to suggest that there's a
difference between touching a woman's
butt and rape or child molestation what
a monster I mean really and then will
hunting went on to suggests that we
should have a fair trial for anyone
convicted and hear both sides of the
story as if people's lives shouldn't be
ruined by a guilty verdict given by a
mob on Twitter I mean you think we live
in a country that gives you that right
to a fair trial or something after
getting back from Las Vegas robbing a
casino with Danny ocean he said there's
a difference you know between patting
someone on the butt and rape or child
molestation right both of those
behaviors need to be confronted and
eradicated without question but they
shouldn't be conflated right I can
barely sit in my seat that statement is
so misogynist like me other celebrity
feminists were outraged going
immediately to the highest court in the
land Twitter to bring righteous judgment
to this horrible misogynist Alyssa
Milano said quote I have been a victim
of each component of the sexual assault
spectrum of which you speak they all
hurt and they are all connected to a
patriarchy inter wine with normalized
accepted even welcomed misogyny end
quote
I think Matt Damon's getting a red pill
before our very eyes oh this is insane
all jokes aside Matt Damon is a
wonderful actor even though I disagree
with him on politics he is still an
American with rights and those rights
include due process and Alyssa Milano's
case I feel for it she's been a victim
of any type of sexual assault and I do
hope she gets justice for any crime she
was a victim of but when you say this is
all connected under the umbrella of
patriarchy than me as a man I'm in the
same category as a child molester a guy
that stares at a woman too long is
somehow in the same category as a rapist
this is insane
we cannot conflate awkward or rude
behavior with atrocities deserving of a
life in prison
in doing so injustice for the wrongfully
accused occurs desensitizing to the
actual crimes becomes prevalent and once
again these monsters blend into the
crowd of everyday people I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood
all right if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
