but here's the news today here's the
news today look at this this is an
attestation that all employers must sign
in order to receive a job grant from the
federal government to hire people for
this summer so an employer must swear
that and I'm quoting here you can see it
for yourself
both the job and the organization's core
mandate respect individual human rights
in Canada including the values
underlying the Canadian Charter of
Rights and Freedoms as well as other
rights
these include reproductive rights and
the right to be free from discrimination
on the basis of sex religion race
national or ethnic origin color mental
or physical disability sexual
orientation or gender identity or
expression but hang on I just took you
through the fundamental freedoms of the
Charter and rights first of all the
Charter of Rights just to say it again
it's meant to limit the government's
power over us it's a shield for us to
use against the government not a sword
for the government to use against
private citizens and to blacklist
private citizens from getting government
grants if they have wronged think so a
job or a company must have a core
mandate that complies with Trudeau's
politics a construction company your
tree-planting company a paint company a
newspaper delivery boy that's so weird
but we just went through the fundamental
freedoms I ran them to you from the
Charter lots of talk about being free to
be yourself without government
interference free to have your own
opinions and beliefs you didn't see
reproductive rights in there did you
what does that even mean
Trudeau's adding reproductive rights
that's not in the Charter that's a
political position on abortion different
Canadians have different views on
abortion what on earth does that have to
do with getting a government grant to
hire a student for a summer job in fact
doesn't this so-called attestation
attestation doesn't that violate the
Charter section 2 a freedom of
conscience and religion and section 2 B
freedom of thought belief opinion and
expression why
should you have to conform to and
confirm Justin Trudeau's political
opinions before you can get the
government grant but but here's the part
that refers to Bill 660 right at the end
you must believe in that's what an
attestation is you're testifying it's
true the you support gender identity or
expression so Paul whilst so this isn't
about protecting Paul Wolf's from being
beat up it's not about the criminal code
this isn't protecting someone from
genocide that was part of C 16 it's not
even about stopping discrimination
against the Paul Wolf's of the world you
have to swear that in your heart you
believe in these things you have to
positively testify in an attestation
then you support Justin Trudeau's point
of view on these subjects even if it's
got nothing to do with the person you're
hiring you just have to say I believe in
this list of Trudeau's values and if you
don't you will be blacklisted from any
government grants that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch The Daily Show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
