it was a big win for Jason Kenny this
week taking nearly 72 percent of the
vote and that has got to mortify Rachel
Notley and her NDP the newly elected
United Conservative Party leader crushed
annihilated really all of his
competition in the December 14th Calgary
Lougheed by-election now that my
election was triggered by the selfless
sacrifice a former United Conservative
Party MLA Devraj knee he stepped aside
resigning his seat so that his party
leader could run in his riding and get a
seat in the legislature to take on
Rachel Notley face to face now let's do
a quick rundown of some of the numbers
they tell a real story United
Conservative Party leader Jason Kenney
swamped the riding with 71.5 1% of the
vote now
Calgary Lougheed is a conservative
stronghold and of course Calgary is a
very conservative city but something
really incredible happened in this
by-election if we take a look back at
the 2015 election and we combine the
Progressive Conservative votes with the
Wildrose Party votes those two parties
votes combined amount to 63% of the vote
enough to win handily of course but
Jason Kenney has added nearly another 9%
on top of that to his victory what this
means is Jason Kenney has done more than
just unite the fractured conservative
movement in Alberta by uniting the two
parties but he's kept every single one
of those votes and he's created new
conservative voters and a brand new
enthusiasm to get rid of Rachel Notley
in 2019 now let's see what Rachel Notley
and her awful policies of attacking
farmers running coal-fired electricity
under the province chasing off oil and
gas investment and carbon taxing us into
the poorhouse has done to the NDP vote
the NDP candidate who is some sort of
doctor activist type named Philip van
der Merwe
garnered a whopping sixteen point seven
nine percent of the vote who knew there
were so
many union activists in Calgary Lockheed
anyway
the NDP got nearly 28 percent of the
vote in 2015 and in this 2017
by-election they were only able to
garner almost 17% of the vote after
throwing everything and the kitchen sink
ad Jason Kenney in the final days of
this election they only finished with a
little over half of last elections vote
tally now it's really no wonder that
Rachel Notley had to be shamed into
calling this by-election before the year
was out I mean really who would want
this very public rejection of the last
two years of her government laid bare
this way we didn't just see a
by-election happen in Calgary Lougheed
we saw the Jason Kenney electoral
juggernaut on its way to the Premiership
in 2019 and we saw the people of Calgary
lauki get as close as they are ever
going to get to a referendum on Rachel
not least carbon tax and the people of
Calgary Lougheed have spoken loud and
clear for the rabble media
I'm Sheila Gunn read it is the Christmas
season a time for friends and family
here in the Western world but Christians
are still the most persecuted religious
group on the planet now we're doing
something to help we are raising money
to help persecuted Christians in
northern Iraq you've helped us raise
close to a quarter of a million dollars
if you can help us this Christmas season
go to save the Christians calm
