in an exclusive Freedom of Information
request filed by the rebel dot media it
has been uncovered the partisan twitter
troll blogger and Pride Parade
gatekeeper Michael Morrison has been
receiving thousands of dollars every
month from Rachel notley's NDP
government illegal immigrant advocate
bike lane obsession ax stand as we've
recently learned a paid propagandist
Michael Morrison has been the
beneficiary of a political patronage
contract with the government of Alberta
worth tens of thousands of dollars in
monthly installments Morrison has in
fact been paid for years to vacation
around the province on the taxpayers
dime the contracts which started with
the Alison Redford government and were
renewed under Rachel Notley just
happened to expire around the same time
as the NDP's electoral mandate is
expected to according to Morrison he has
not been paid by the government in some
time as he hasn't done word for them
recently but he did not go as far to say
that the contract had been terminated
prematurely the contract which
explicitly states Morrison will act on
behalf of travel Alberta and the
government of Alberta it goes on to say
that Morrison quote must not compromise
the integrity of or damage the
reputation of either travel Alberta or
any other government body remember this
was I'm going to come back to it the
contract also stipulates that he need
not be vulgar on twitter and use
expletives but as you can see that
clearly has not stopped him from the
Rocky Mountains to Drumheller a
socialist activist is expensing his
meals up to 30 bucks a pop and getting
paid quote a dollar a word for whatever
he types on his personal blog man I
would love that job now I'm not here to
say that this job is a waste of
taxpayers money I think the evidence
speaks for itself here but what is clear
is the Morrisons relationship with not
only does not end here while lots of his
time is spent on fairly innocuous
activities like email employers of
people on Twitter who he disagrees with
fighting to segregate the Calgary Police
Service from marching in the Pride
Parade a large amount of his times spent
as a talking head with the mainstream
media Morrison has been featured in
almost every single media outlet the
Calgary has to offer and it will be no
surprise to you to learn that the state
broadcaster the CBC is his biggest fan
what's so concerning about this is that
each and every time he's fee
the mainstream media fails to disclose
that he has a signed contract ensuring
that he'll be a cheerleader for the
government in turn Rachel Notley pays to
keep his lights on we send a handful of
questions to Morrison asking if his
contract was a result of the ideological
similarities between himself and
government and he sent us this following
response or Rita hope to you thank you
for your email my business relationship
with travel Alberta started in 2013
under the PC government I was last paid
by travel abroad in June 2017 and have
not worked for them since with them
since I do not know how to travel
Alberta or other government agencies
determine the influencers they work with
I suggest you contact them with any
questions around that process
transparency in presenting my views is
always very important to me
unfortunately Mike actions speak louder
than words and I've not found a single
instance of you being properly
identified as a whipped government
contractor Morrison recently wrote an
article in the Calgary Herald that I'm
that I want to talk to you about
it's where he defended the Gary pride
parade organizers in Maine decision to
exclude the United conservative party
and their gay and lesbian supporters
from marching in the parade apparently
your membership to the LGBT community is
only valid if you're also an act of
socialist there's one line in in the
article it really struck me speaking
about the leader of the official
opposition Jason Kenney after he
characterized him as a homophobic
villain Morrison said and I quote it is
actually easy to show your support for
the lgbtq+ community just ask Rachel
Notley of course he conveniently
neglected to mention that she was his
boss any reader the Calgary Herald would
assume that Morrison is a well-meaning
Calgarian with no agenda other than the
gay one now look nobody's blaming him
he's an sjw blogger and of course he's
going to jump at the chance to
manipulate the large readership of the
Carey Herald of course the five figure
contract with his NDP heroes made his
mouth water the failure here lies solely
on the shoulders of the Kaveri Herald
and other mainstream media outlets who
let him get away with it like the CBC
the media hasn't an absolute
responsibility to disclose bias and
provide
texts for the content that they serve
the public the Kyrie Herald failed to
even write a small blurb that Morrison
is on notley's payroll in turn they
betrayed the readership now here at the
rebel were committed to shining the
light on the other side of the story and
picking up the slack so often left by
the mainstream media we're gonna uncover
exactly how much taxpayer money Rachel
Notley has been funneling to her friends
in low places over the course of her
tenure the Rev will reach out to travel
Alberta for comment but they did not
return emails much to our surprise for
the rebel dot media in Calgary Alberta
this is key in Beck's team
you
