hey guys I'm Kristen Tate with rebel
buzz here are some of the most
outrageous US stories to hit the media
this week on Monday morning an
isis-inspired terrorist suspect named
Akihito ax attempted to set off a large
bomb right in the middle of New York
City now in the aftermath of this
terrifying event CNN decided to dedicate
airtime to president Trump's television
habits and his love of Diet Coke yes
really
shortly after law enforcement confirmed
to reporters that a man had a bomb
strapped to him when it went off in a
New York City subway platform CNN
decided it would be a good idea to air
segments about Trump's diet coke
consumption check it out a New York
Times report gives fascinating insight
into president Trump's TV viewing habits
the paper says the president watches at
least four hours of television a day and
drinks 12 cans of diet coke a day just
when we all thought CNN couldn't get any
worse they surprised all of us and outdo
themselves the decision to air the Diet
Coke segment during the aftermath of an
attempted terror attack speaks volumes
about CNN's agenda to think that a major
news network would neglect to cover such
a major event like this would be
hilarious if it weren't so troublesome
if those plans had been executed
successfully countless people could have
ended up dead it's entirely possible
that some CNN viewers who only tuned
into the network for a few minutes that
morning were left in the dark about this
event they had no idea what was going on
so here's the bottom line
cNN has become so flagrant in its anti
Trump stance that it could no longer be
trusted to prioritize breaking news
stories apparently including terrorist
attacks right here in the United States
and now for the latest Hollywood
insanity in the newest episode of Sarah
Silverman's Hulu show the left-wing
comedian said she felt scared and shaken
when a former boyfriend put up an
American flag in his front yard
I had a boyfriend many years ago he was
my first boyfriend who had his own house
and one day I went outside to see what
he was doing and he was a hoist ting an
American flag up the flagpole in his
front yard and I instantly felt very
weird it didn't make sense but I felt
this feeling of like I felt scared I
guess patriotism is just too much for
this snowflake to handle the left has
deemed it offensive and even scary to
show above for our own country
Silverman said that at first she wasn't
sure why she felt so upset by the flag
but then she realized it's because she's
Jewish
and seeing patriotism which includes
raising the flag scares her because it
reminds her of Nazis but simply
Silverman is equated patriotism to
nationalism and nationalism to Nazi
fascism many Americans are sick of
watching wealthy Hollywood types just
like Silverman portrayed patriotism has
a bad thing look our flag represents the
freedoms that we hold so dear
in the lives that were lost to protect
to those very freedoms nobody is forcing
Silverman to hoist the American flag in
her own front yard
but why suggest that patriotic Americans
who do choose to do that are similar to
Nazis and finally some good news
during President Trump's first year in
office illegal immigrant apprehensions
at the us-mexico border have dropped by
24% new report from US Customs and
Border Protection suggests that Trump's
hardline immigration policies in
rhetoric are having a real impact fiscal
year 2017 marked the lowest level of
illegal border crossings on record now
according to CBP this reflects the new
administration's commitment to enforcing
the rule of law meaning we're just
enforcing the rules we already have
during Obama's two terms illegal
immigration continued to plague the
southern border during the summer of
2014 hundreds of thousands of
miners entered the US illegally many of
these miners were then relocated in the
continental US and got to remain in the
country even though they didn't follow
immigration law during the 2016 campaign
then candidate Trump surged in
popularity when he made illegal
immigration one of his top priorities he
gained even more popularity from his
supporters when he suggested putting a
big wall along the southern border to
curb illegal immigration further now
Congress has not yet given money or
funding to Trump's wall but the
president continues to promise that it
will be built eventually and that Mexico
will pay for it but for now it seems
that President Trump's hardline rhetoric
along with the hiring of some more
Border Patrol agents and crossing
hotspots is having a real impact I'm
Kristen Tate and that's the buzz thanks
so much for watching
