not five minutes goes by that we don't
have a new slew of sexual assault
allegations against a public figure or
politician well now one of those accused
has killed himself
Kentucky State Representative Dan
Johnson shot himself in the head after
he was accused of molesting his
daughters then 17-year old friend has
happened a few years back it was alleged
that he entered a bedroom where these
girls were sleeping and began engaging
in inappropriate behavior with the then
17-year old friend of his daughter now I
don't know if the allegations against
this guy are true but to me they hold
water it's been my experience
professional experience in law
enforcement that when a suspect commits
suicide it's typically because they're
guilty he left a rambling John's left
the rambling suicide note about being
innocent and how these allegations
haunted him and and I'm paraphrasing he
also discussed a little bit about PTSD
post 9/11 now I haven't been able to
confirm whether or not he was a first
responder so I have no idea what he
means about that I also like I said
admitted to inappropriately chatting up
young girls on Facebook now he wasn't a
wealthy man he wasn't a particularly
famous man and seventeen year old girls
while now she's in her early 20s girls
that age typically don't lie about this
kind of sexual assault it's embarrassing
it's embarrassing it's a tragic
situation though in my professional
opinion again we have no idea
a guy is not alive to defend himself his
lawyers probably aren't gonna be
speaking on his behalf anymore because
he's dead we don't know what happened I
suspect I give weight to the allegations
I suspect they're true because the
victim had no motivation a lie now
contrast that with another big one
that's breaking Russell Simmons the rap
mogul a guy who created Def Jam Records
brother of Joe Simmons run from Run DMC
a pioneer in rap music and hip hop and
who a guy who's if not a billionaire not
over a billionaire then very very close
to it a very very wealthy very powerful
very very famous guy he's being accused
now by nine women of sexual misconduct
four or five of them are accusing him of
flat-out rape now these allegations are
twenty and thirty years old again and
the B's I am
Specht look russell simmons may very
well be a serial sexual predator i don't
know but it is concerning to me in one
case we had a seventeen-year-old who
immediately came forward and then the
allegations surfaced again several years
later but a few years this is going back
i believe the incident was alleged to
have happened between 2013 and 2015 a
very recent case with regards to that
now deceased kentucky state rep but in
russell simmons his case it's similar to
roy more similar to the allegations that
were leveled against donald trump these
are 20 30 year old allegations
allegations that at the time were never
leveled allegations that at the time
never warranted police reports or civil
lawsuits and against a guy who's very
famous very rich and very powerful in
the music business but we have to ask
those questions because when we don't
start to ask questions of these accusers
who come forward decades later we
diminish the credibility of the 17 year
old victim who immediately came forward
we also tax law enforcement resources
I'd like to see a civil statute of
limitations on sexual assault claims at
around 10 years if you were a victim of
child sexual abuse we can extend that to
50 years oftentimes people go to therapy
later in life when they were molested as
children and and they find the courage
to come forward much later that's a
different category of crime there's a
different pathology of the offender and
it warrants a bit more flexibility with
the statutes but I don't like this new
precedent that anyone can come out of
the woodwork accuse a well-known famous
wealthy person and or all of the above
and we assume that the default reaction
is automatically going to be making that
public figure that wealthy individual a
pariah it shouldn't be everyone is
entitled to due process people shouldn't
immediately be fired from their jobs
look what happened to a Harold Ford jr.
the former rep from Tennessee our left
Democrat I'm no fan of the guy but he
worked with one of the big banks one
allegation unproven and he was
essentially tossed out no he tossed out
the door tossed out on the sidewalk over
one unproven allegation now I suspect
the bank might have had some more
information that we didn't see but Ford
is fighting it Ford is pushing back we
saw this happen at Charles Payne at Fox
Business with Scottie Nell use full
disclosure
no Scottie I haven't I think she's a
very nice woman I know Charles he's a
great guy but Scottie no use accused
Charles of sexual harassment Charles
Payne to be very unusual very
interesting and actually very effective
step of releasing all of their text
messages he admitted that yes they did
have extramarital affairs both Scotty
and Charles were married girls released
the text messages which showed that
Scott email used was a very willing
participant in the extramarital sexual
affair girls pain is back on Fox News he
worked this thing out beautifully he's
back on television because he met the
allegations head-on and he disproved
them but he was almost a victim of this
smear campaign he was suspended luckily
wasn't fired this is what I want to see
more of these people do but how do you
diss more of the those accused who are
innocent but how do you disprove
something that didn't happen if it
didn't happen how do you disprove a
sexual assault that didn't happen if you
had no prior relationship with the
victim you've never texted the victim if
you had no incriminating text from them
that's what's very dangerous to me
that's what sends the red flags up for
the cop in me our system is supposed to
be innocent until proven guilty not
guilty until you prove your accusers
wrong especially accusers who come out
of the woodwork 20 30 years later and I
need to note and I need to really really
impart that the law-enforcement
community would have an incredibly tough
if not impossible time ever prosecuting
one of these cases in fact I don't know
if there were no statute of limitations
I don't know of a prosecutor in the
United States who would have taken the
case of the Roy Moore victims and let's
talk about the Roy Moore victims there
were more accusers I should say Beverly
Nelson the woman with the yearbook to me
was incredible from day one the woman
simply was not credible
the yearbook looked like a child wrote
it the woman's tears were fake her body
language indicated that she was lying
and worst of all she had Gloria Allred
as her attorney whenever I see Gloria
Allred I immediately doubt the victims
and that's a very problematic thing
because victims court legitimately
abused deserve to be heard they deserve
to be treated with priority but these
grandstanding attorneys like Gloria
Allred and her daughter Lisa bloom who
have been caught time and again
fabricating witnesses fabricating
evidence but never doing
to the point where they can be disbarred
well they're hurting women everywhere
who are legitimate you legitimately
abused because we're automatically now
we're defaulting to a position where if
the the person is accusing someone
wealthy someone famous and it's 20 years
later we're automatically saying okay
put the brakes on there's gotta be a
motive behind it it's got to be
political it's got to be for their 15
minutes of fame it's got to be or a
payday in a civil trial or hopefully a
settlement to go hush-hush that's very
troubling very troubling look I'm never
a fan of government intervention I'm
never a fan of imposing legislative
solutions on social justice or criminal
justice issues but in this case we just
might have to in the form of tort reform
because these people are being
incentivized to falsely accuse now I'm
not saying Russell Simmons accusers are
lying they may very well have been raped
he may be a serial predator should be in
jail I don't know because all we have
are their words and when the guy is a
billionaire when the guy is very famous
the guy is very powerful in the music
industry and many of these women didn't
make it in the music industry you have
to ask questions as to are there other
motivations behind the allegations and
hopefully law enforcement will look into
this and hopefully they'll do a better
job and they get on Harvey Weinstein we
know Manhattan district attorney Cyrus
Vance really looked the other way on
Weinstein because Weinstein was such a
large Democratic donor Cyrus Vance in
the New York Democratic Party the powers
that be that keeps Cyrus Vance the
Manhattan da as a Democrat with a wink
and a nod encouraged Vance and not go
too hard on mega mega donor and and
buddy to Obama in the Clintons
Harvey Weinstein we saw how that worked
out so I do expect law enforcement
agencies to become a bit more thorough I
do accept prosecutorial agencies
District Attorney State Attorney's
attorneys general to become a bit more
thorough on this but until they do I
would caution us the public and not
knee-jerk react to these allegations now
when you've got allegations like
Weinstein where where victims did go to
the police and the Manhattan da
essentially went soft on him because of
political concerns well then we have
every right to vilify the person being
accused but when you have these these
allegations essentially existing in a
vacuum
with no paper trail no history no proof
that anything was ever done about them
at the time I just caution let's treat
those accused like we'd want to be
treated if we were falsely accused let's
treat them as innocent until proven
guilty and let the system run its course
you're like this content please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.wgal.com
you
