I will always call my black woman
students first other people of color get
second tier priority white women come
next and if I have two white men now is
this individual a bigot or a teaching
assistant at an Ivy League university
trick question she's both let's check it
out
Stephanie McAuliffe is a history TA at
the University of Pennsylvania who
apparently uses a method called
progressive stacking when she calls on
students in her classes now what is
progressive stacking the Wikipedia page
Michela plinks describes it as a
technique used to give marginalized
groups a greater chance to speak the
Occupy Wall Street movement used it and
a Barden Hinkle at the Richmond
times-dispatch
said that lining up speakers by race and
gender might not seem fair on an
individual level suggesting that the
concept pertains to class more than the
individual because yes this is a Marxist
phenomenon McAlpin sista that she was
using a very well warned pedagogical
tactic which includes calling on people
of color but that's a bit disingenuous
she wasn't simply including black
students but actively prioritizing it
anyway there's reason to believe mikkel
isn't just trying to ease oppression but
actively dislikes white people for
example can you imagine this tweet being
made about any group other than white
man here's apparently how stephanie
ended one of the classes she talked at
the end of the semester in the slavery
class I asked who is racist and said all
the white folk in here shook them but
learned them now Stephanie may not like
whitey
but don't doubt her expertise about the
building blocks of America you know like
the Quran it's completely natural for a
feminist to be excited about Islam so
empowering and Western Stephanie
announced this month that she's not
teaching courses next semester which is
a shame because I was really looking
forward to forking over seventy thousand
dollars in tuition for the chance at
being discriminated on the basis of my
race and sex but the grad student said
it was because she had to take exams not
because she got fired and hey why should
Nick help get fired she's not the only
Ivy League teacher using progressive
stacking look Harvard's doing it too
usually take the lead in that in part
because I am very intentional about the
about making sure that I call on people
in equitable ways and I will sometimes
wait if they're three male hands up I
will wait for a woman's hand to go up
then I'll call on her to do that
particularly a class like this do that
with respect to racial identities and I
think identities and try to not call on
a whole bunch of white people all at
once and make sure that that people of
color and white people are having an
equitable distribution of of comments
you know Timothy and Stephanie are
making great progress but it's just not
enough while the students you guys are
calling on may not be a hundred percent
white the teacher in each of your
classrooms is a hundred percent white I
demand you both resign from your
positions and a point in your place the
most dark-skinned people you can find or
else all tell black lives matter you
have one hour for campus unmasked I'm
Rob chip shop if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
