there are very large free speech clubs
emerging in Canadian universities I
think the one at the UBC for example if
I have this correct I think has more
than a thousand members makes it by far
the largest club on campus this is
happening and if you look at what's
happening in the so called new media say
with YouTube which I think kind of leads
the leads the the PAC YouTube plus
podcast is that the support for Lindsay
Sheppard's stance say in my stance and
and programs like Dave Rubin and steven
crowder and Joe Rogan it's that the
support is absolutely overwhelming so so
I think this is already happening and I
think what I'm hoping is that instead of
a move to the radical right with its
identitarian Paulette politics which I
see as a variant of the postmodern game
like the right-wing identitarian
basically say okay well if we can divide
everybody up into their identity groups
based on race ethnicity sexual
proclivity asset etc and that's their
defining characteristics that I'm going
to identify with people who are like me
say white heterosexual and often male
and if we're gonna play a power game
we're gonna play it for our people and
we're gonna win which is a perfectly
logical response to the postmodern game
because what the hell are you gonna
expect you're gonna expect people
defined by the racial group to pay play
the game to lose yeah
like and if everything's about power
well then well I think that's a disaster
it's just the right-wing disaster
version I'm hoping that people take a
path towards responsible individuality
which i think is the right way forward
and that's the sort of thing I've been
trying to promote yeah I think you're
exactly right I've often criticized
black lives matter and other race-based
groups especially who import racial
grievances to Canada where traditionally
we haven't had them and we were the
destination of the underground railway
from the south we were part of the
British Empire that abolished slavery
and hunted down the slave trading ships
so to import a grievance culture to
Canada so artificial but your
the alt-right racism which which it sort
of justifies itself as a mirror image
response to black lives matter I don't
think that that works for anybody well
it works if your goal is divisiveness
and conflict yeah yeah that's a good one
lots of people's goals are divisiveness
and conflict because they're irritated
with the structure of being and would
like to see mayhem break for well and
and and they're comfortable and happy in
some sense when that happens but but
that's not it that's not a road I think
that we want to go down that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
