what are your predictions federally for
2018 what do you see coming down the
line at us from Justin Trudeau in his
liberal well I just hope they can
maintain their clumsiness at this level
and don't do anything
too dire or further damaging I mean
they've already done damage the carbon
tax will be damage to the small business
tax is damaging all these things are
damaging but let's just hope that we can
contain all of this so that in 2019 we
can definitely go to the polls and
effect change you know that's what I
wish as a present for Christmas is that
we can contain the damage that our
governments are are causing to our
province and country and then we need to
we also need to we have a lot of work to
do we have a lot of work to do in
preparation for 2019 both provincially
and federally and your prediction for
Alberta and what what does Rachel Notley
have to throw at us in 2018 well you
know I think what she's gonna be doing
is oil prices have have stabilized and
they could go up she'll try to well
they're going to try and spend and buy
more votes so they're going to say it's
not as bad they're gonna throw you know
money everywhere they're going to do the
same thing that Kathleen Wynne does
which is buy votes and unfortunately
people do get swayed by money and so
it's more than ever important for
independent groups like ours to get that
messaging out there that it's our mundi
money that they're buying us with so
it's more important that we report and
you report the actual facts and we try
to remain relatively independent people
always attach us to you know unite
Alberta or the UCP well know
or not and I'm more than happy to be
that way because we don't need the UCP
to become the old PCs or the old Wild
Rose for that matter I think we both
have to see our jobs as creating better
conservatives and holding the people in
power to account exactly and I do
believe that this has to be a
generational change you know the old
boys club and the old power brokers
provincially and federally they've got
to go because that's not the way you're
going to engage new people new well
Millennials or you know grow your base
having these same old people it's not
going to work so we have to effect real
change and I do believe that that's
going to be a generational thing that's
an excerpt from my weekly full-length
show the gun show on my show I take on
the issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
