I don't think Donald Trump has ever
mentioned Justin Trudeau in a rally
before and correct me if I'm wrong he
does these big rallies so he still does
some he he rants about China he rants
about Mexico he talks about the wall
since Trump's China visit and since
Trump is working with China to rein in
North Korea Trump insults China a lot
less these days I don't know if you
noticed he needs China and they need him
you know the art of the deal Trump still
goes on about Mexico he's so tough about
Mexico and the crowds love it but last
week at a huge rally in Pensacola
Florida for the first time I can recall
Donald Trump started riffing about
Canada and Justin Trudeau and trade here
let me play a full minute of it take a
look we have a trade deficit with Mexico
of 71 billion nose we have a pretty good
trade deficit with Canada they were
saying we have a surplus with Canada I
said no and I like the Prime Minister
very much Prime Minister Trudeau nice
guy good guy I like him but we had a
meeting he said no no you have a trade
surplus I said no we don't said no no
you have a trade surplus I say mr. Prime
Minister we do nothing he said how do
you know I said cuz we're not a surplus
with anybody we have the worst deals he
said I'm telling you that Canada has a
deficit with the United States I told my
people in front of a lot of people
I said go out and check and he was right
except he forgot two categories lumber
timber and energy other than that he was
right when you add them all together we
actually have a 17 billion dollar
deficit with Canada right so he forgot a
couple of categories that he didn't want
to mention
you know what it's not good to be
mentioned in the speech by Donald Trump
right after Trump was finished bashing
Mexico by the way I didn't show that
part of the clip and did you see the
whole point that Trump was trying to
make there and you might not like Trump
or his style but let me decode what was
going on there pretty obvious Trump and
Trudeau were having an argument right
sort of a who's tougher moment is that a
good way to deal with Donald Trump you
think Trudeau said Trump was wrong
implying that Trump was dumb Trump
didn't accept that you heard him he
literally sent staff to check and to
resolve the argument that's how
important this moment of one-upmanship
was to Trump and indeed Trump was right
the u.s. does have a trade deficit with
us if you include oil and lumber and why
would you not include oil and lumber I
mean we sell that to the Americans so
Trump was pleased that he was right and
he told the story to thousands of people
to show that the little potato as the
Chinese call Trudeau was wrong and worse
than that he was arrogant about it
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
