big loss for Republicans last night in
the Alabama special election to fill the
US Senate seat vacated by Attorney
General Jeff Sessions I'm gonna tell you
why I'm not that concerned and why I
don't think it's indicative of anything
going into the 2018 midterms when I'm
not here informing and entertaining you
on the rebel I'm advising political
candidates on strategic direction and
communications I do that for a good
portion of my day it was probably why
Roy Moore lost cuz he didn't hire me
seriously though my opinion Roy Moore
ran a terrible terrible campaign and
that's what today's show is about we're
gonna talk about why he lost in a
predominantly red state a state that
Donald Trump won by nearly 30 points I
think Donald Trump won Alabama in the
general election by 28 points the
allegations of sexual misconduct against
Roy Moore hurt him but they started to
wane they started to fizzle out as it
turned out that the yearbook was
tampered with that accusers credibility
diminished the original accuser turned
out she had some personal problems in
the course of her life and accused other
people that her credibility diminished
so the accusations gave more a ding but
they weren't the kill shot they weren't
why Democrat Doug Jones won in a heavily
heavily Republican state it was because
Roy Moore ran a terrible terrible
campaign Roy Moore's campaign had no
organization their grassroots
get-out-the-vote and communication
strategies were abysmal look here's a
protip for any campaign people watching
it is a terrible terrible messaging
strategy to have your seven-year-old
candidate respond to sexual misconduct
allegations by saying that I did a
teenagers and their parents were cool
with it
I mean who thought of that who advised
him to do that and if he did it on his
own if he did it on his own well that
really says horrible horrible things
about his campaign team but voter
turnout was also to blame and when voter
turnout is to blame you blame the
candidate their uninspiring now Steve
bannon's taking a lot of blame banning
this and banning that and Bannon went
against the will of the President and
Bannon destroyed the Republican Party
and Bannon handed Alabama to demo
but Steve Bantam wasn't the Kennedy the
baton wasn't the general consultant the
campaign the person that runs at all the
manon wasn't the communications director
he wasn't the grassroots director he
wasn't the political director he wasn't
the campaign manager all of those people
fell down on the job Doug Jones a
radical far left Democrat but I gotta
give credit where due Doug Jones
campaigned like a pro like a madman the
guy was out there pressing the flesh
meeting voters and convincing voters why
Roy Moore is terrible now look
today's voter at this point in history
it hasn't always been this way it's
subject to change but today's voter
cares about economic and national
security populism Roy Moore ignored that
he was completely tone-deaf as was his
campaign team when voters wanted to hear
tax reform I want more of my money back
in my pocket
build a wall deport illegals who are
killing women like Kate Steinle and
being acquitted voters wanted to hear
somebody their Senate candidate on the
Republican side say I'm with you I'm
gonna fight for you I'm gonna push
through these bills I'm gonna ram them
down the establishment and the Democrats
throats
instead judge Roy Moore Bible thumped he
talked about the LGBT boogie lady boys
under the bed he it was it was just too
much evangelical social conservatism and
not enough economic and national
security populism combine that with a
terrible messaging strategy he faced an
onslaught of unspeakable allegations and
his communications team sat idly by and
did nothing
Doug Jones learned from the Virginia
race where Republican Ed Gillespie lost
the Democrat candidate there put up an
ad showing a Republican conservative in
a pickup truck who supported the NRA
running over little children of color
while waving a confederate flag Doug
Jones saw that that work and he harped
on it he destroyed more Doug Jones
became vicious he used opposition
research and destroyed more credibility
more did nothing more's opposition
research teams dug up nothing on Jones
his communications teams planted no
negative stories on Jones
there was no campaign effort on the part
of Moore and in the last week of the
campaign this past week
the time when a candidate is supposed to
be working around the clock they sleep
maybe three hours a night while Judge
wearing more when am ia Jones was
everywhere he was Criss crossing the
state of Alabama shaking hands kissing
babies and convincing people why even if
they didn't like his policies on
abortion on gay marriage on religious
liberty that he was still better then
Roy Moore now did he convince anybody
well I don't know he got six hundred and
seventy thousand votes River takes his
son in seventy one thousand one more six
hundred and fifty thousand and that's
really the story Republicans simply did
not turn out the average vote tally for
a Republican who prevails in Alabama is
about seven hundred and sixty-five
thousand that's been the median or for
the last several elections Roy Moore
missed that mark and that is that's in a
midterm that's Ana mid-year election
like this one this was a special going
into the midterms that's not in a
general election year return out is much
higher Doug Jones I'm sorry Roy Moore
missed that mark by about a hundred and
fifteen hundred and twenty thousand
votes
simply put Republican voters were not
inspired there was something off about
Roy Moore he was kind of odd he was a
hard guy to like he wasn't lovable he
wasn't fuzzy and not everybody can be
Donald Trump now that is where Steve
Bannon made a serious miscalculation Roy
Moore was portrayed as the Mogga
candidate but he used a very traditional
playbook he hired a consulting out of
Florida a guy named Brett Doster who
I've crossed paths with who was jeb
Bush's advisor he was Roy Moore's
advisor why in the world then the more
campaign use a Jeb Bush advisor when
promoting themselves as the Mogga
campaign it was a terrible campaign that
get-out-the-vote efforts speak for
themselves
a hundred and fifteen hundred and twenty
thousand less Alabama Republicans turned
out for Roy Moore than they did for
previous Republican candidates that's
very telling and that goes to the
grassroots strategy no one was knocking
on doors no one was out there energizing
voters putting palm cards in their hands
it seems like Roy Moore rested on the
fact that he got Steve bannon's
endorsement and then after the primary
Donald Trump's tepid endorsement but if
you noticed the president kept him at
arm's length
Trump didn't travel Alabama to campaign
with Roy Moore the GOP establishment
neocons they want to knock us down they
want to knock the Mogga movement down
they want to knock true conservatism
down they want to keep their Unipart e
deep state status quo in place for as
long as possible and Roy Moore enable
that so sure while Bannon showed up at
he endorsed I mean he gave a little
strategic direction
Roy Moore's campaign team that core
group of managers and advisors that were
with him daily that traveled the state
with him he's reject people these were
milquetoast people using an
establishment playbook telling him are
fun social conservatism and
evangelicalism and gay marriage and LGBT
boogie lady boys under the bed that's
what people want to hear and all voters
wanted to hear was are you gonna help me
keep my own money how are you gonna
protect my family
how are you gonna protect me very simple
economic and national security populism
now I don't think this is indicative of
anything in the midterms like I said in
my opening I think Roy Moore was a
flawed candidate from day one even
without the allegations Roy Moore was a
low-energy candidate he was an older man
he didn't have the the will to fight in
him he wasn't out there traversing the
state campaigning like Doug Jones was so
even without these allegations I think
Moore would have had an uphill battle he
would have won in such a heavily plus
Republican state but I don't think it
would have been the landslide that say a
representative mo Brooks would have
would have seen I think if mo Brooks had
been the candidate and I said that from
day one mo Brooks would have probably
won by 20 points maybe more he's a well
liked representative from state of
Alabama but Mitch McConnell and the
Democrats didn't want mo Brooks they
fought against him and Steve Bannon
miscalculated so he went against Bo
Brooks because in the general election
mo Brooks backed Ted Cruz not Donald
Trump but Ted Cruz and Donald Trump
politically anyway have made amends they
support each other's policies that Cruz
has been a good defender of the
president and Steve Bannon probably
probably should have given this one a
little more thought
I always thought Roy Moore was eight was
a weird guy I always thought he was a
flawed candidate I didn't like the
allegations against them I didn't like
that the Washington Post came in and
tried to swing and rig Alabama's special
election never was a Rob Roy ROM or guy
like I was for Donald Trump like it will
be for our great governor here in
Florida Rick Scott
when he runs for the US Senate and like
I am for many other candidates got you
Inger a candidate full disclosure that I
represent up in Pennsylvania 15 a great
candidate in Missouri for Senate Tony
Minetti a former b-2 stealth bomber
pilot really really interesting great
candidates those candidates energize me
but a guy like Roy Moore never did but
again in the final analysis my final
Cardillo his final analysis it wasn't so
much the allegations that hurt Roy more
as it was a terrible communications
messaging strategy they thought it was a
good idea but their 70 year old already
kind of creepy candidate to say yeah I
David teenagers if their mom and dad
thought it was cool that was just
bizarre
and when I felt it was the beginning of
the end zero grassroots effort in a
state like Alabama in the South where
people love their neighbors they care
very much about trust people they know
you need to earn their trust he needed
to be out there shaking hands kissing
babies and Andry earning their trust
after the allegations didn't do that
there was no get-out-the-vote effort and
republicans are terrible at
get-out-the-vote efforts here in florida
the the most important swing state
I see Democrat GOTV get-out-the-vote
efforts night and day at supermarkets at
campuses at arenas outside sporting
events outside concerts in parks at
street fairs I never see a table for the
Republicans Republicans are abysmal
at getting people out to vote and it
showed last night it showed last night
and there was no political direction for
Roy Moore last night he was picking
issues that nobody cared about and when
your political communications grassroots
and get-out-the-vote teams aren't
working with your campaign manager and
your general campaign consultant your
campaign is doomed so at the end of the
day it wasn't the allegations that
brought Roy Moore down it was Roy
Moore's presence and an abysmal campaign
team end campaign strategy I want to
keep bringing you these analyses so
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.therosarycollection.org
if you're already a subscriber thanks
very very much I will be back with you
tomorrow thanks so much for watching
you
