here's a story I don't think you've seen
because at least as of midday today it
has been published nowhere in the
English language and even in Quebec
where the story takes place this state
broadcaster the CBC or RTI as it's
called in French refuses to cover it as
at midday only the newspaper called the
journal the morale and its sister TV
station TVA has covered it here is TVA's
web site in French now for the purposes
of this conversation I'm gonna run this
website through Google Translate which
is a computer-based translator it's
imperfect but it's good enough to
understand it so here it is in English
women excluded from a construction site
near mosques here's the first sentence
of the story the leaders of two mosques
pressured an entrepreneur to ensure that
there were no women on construction
sites near his places of worship on
Friday prayers so is this in Iran or
Saudi Arabia or something no we're in
Montreal here is my favorite part the
neighborhood is called Notre Dame de
Grasse that's a Catholic name obviously
not just Catholic a Catholic woman notre
damar lady not anymore it ain't is it
not even the public streets apparently
not even the private property across the
street from the mosque no women allowed
period and the construction site
apparently complies now you might think
that there might not be that many women
doing construction in Montreal in the
winter right well here's what TVA says
the measure targets five women for
signalers and one engineer who had to be
reassigned elsewhere I love that phrase
they had to be reassigned elsewhere I
mean they had to because the guys in the
mosque said so so you gotta do it I
wonder who else would have to move I
mean if you're a Jew on a construction
site again I don't know how many there
would be do you have to move it maybe if
you look really Jewish like yet you're
wearing a yarmulke on your head how many
of you gay on a construction site I'm
not
sure how the mosque would tell but there
is that band the village people from the
1970s that gives us a bit of a hint so
that's the new law of the streets in
montreal sharia law
none of this Charter of Rights BS none
of this feminist BS Montreal may have a
new woman mayor and a feminist male
prime minister but not in this
neighborhood hey let me show you a quick
clip from TVA's video reports they went
into the mosque and I give them credit
they sent in a female reporter who did
not cover her hair
no hid jabs for her Kathleen Wynne and
Rachel Notley - so-called feminist
premiers they loved putting on his jabs
when talking about Islam but not the TV
a reporter perfect and look at this
twenty second interaction so from my
must I want to kill Ian don't talk with
me too much no I'm not doing anything
against what a belligerent little tyrant
in front of my mosque I want it clear he
said I don't think he said kill yer I I
think he meant to say clear I listen to
a few times he wants the area clear of
women
he's obviously foreign-born but he wants
Montreal women to be cleared out of his
turf and boy does he hate that infidel
reporter that uncovered woman that Haram
woman asking him questions
haha one minute one minute I don't know
what he said at the end I'm not doing
anything against Jews I listened to that
over and over again and that's what I
think he was saying but it's tough to
tell
just for fun I went to one of his
mosques Facebook pages hundreds a photo
just scroll down for a minute
this keeps rolling keeps growing keeps
growing do you notice anything in these
dozens and dozens and dozens it's
actually hundreds of photos I'll tell
you what there's not a single woman in
the photos I looked at hundreds because
women are unperson
they're non-persons in the mosque it
would be bad enough but now in the
streets women are on persons and in the
construction company under the
construction company complied now today
the mosque claimed it was all a
misunderstanding you think so the only
thing so so the construction company
complied you know who else complied
everybody
the CBC complied the Montreal Gazette
complied everybody complied the Toronto
Star complied The Globe and Mail
survived and our male feminist Prime
Minister complied think he'll say a word
about this now if this were a Christian
Church banning women from the street boy
but it's not it's a radical mosque
sweeping the streets clear of dirty
infidel women just another day in Justin
Trudeau's Canada that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
