when it comes to political correctness
pertaining to language just how insane
how goofy can it get well if you're like
me you're probably going to shake your
head upon hearing the answer to that
query came across a funny albeit
somewhat disturbing piece in the Daily
Mail the other day the story outlined
the most unbelievable examples of
leftist Newspeak pertaining to words
entitled from A to Z the most insane
examples of political correctness for
2017 the article comes across as a
forgotten Monty Python script except
that it's real not fiction
while there's no time in this space to
list the entire alphabet a PC language
madness cited by the Daily Mail allow me
to flag some of the more outrageous ones
such as a is for avoiding eye contact
Oxford University's equality and
diversity unit tried to accuse people
who avoid eye contact with others of
racist microaggression before it was
pointed out to these eggheads that such
advice might be seen as discriminatory
against people with autism who may
struggle to look others in the eye see
us for cat-sized Suffolk County
Council's stop using traditional signs
warning drivers cat's eyes removed after
fears that real cats may have been
killed to manufacture these reflective
road safety measures gee folks methinks
we also need to remove gorillas as a
descriptor for militants lest someone
think that actual silverback gorillas
from Africa have been conscripted to
carry out terrorist attacks
then there's ghiyath for genius genius
as one of the words that lucy Delap a
lecturer in british history at Cambridge
says should be discouraged as it quote
carries assumptions of gender inequality
and also of class and ethnicity end
quote well I'm calling BS here is the
professor arguing there are no female
geniuses no geniuses that have emerged
from the lower classes there are no
visible minority geniuses
history would indicate otherwise so
really when you think about it it's
actually the professor and her ilk who
are guilty of assumptions of inequality
then we have J is for Jamaican stew this
traditional Caribbean dish became a
recipe for our race rau when chefs at
Pembroke College Cambridge were ordered
to rethink the menu after ethnic
minority students complained that the
Jamaican stew as well as other dishes
including Tunisian rice constituted
microaggressions against them since such
offerings did not properly represent the
foods of their native lands gee I wonder
if that particular menu includes
Canadian bacon because then Canucks
could also play the microaggression card
even though nobody in Canada calls
peameal bacon Canadian bacon
L is for a lame lame as a word deemed
offensive by some disability campaigners
particularly when used in the sense of
being ineffectual
or unappealing lame is also pejorative
as it reinforces ableism in our culture
by reminding people that disability is
bad now I was going to make a remark
involving how lame brains on campus
cripple logic but obviously that's
clearly off the table now the list of
verboten words goes on and on and on so
much madness so little time so let's
hope 2018 is the year in which we
collectively stop acquiescing to the
lunatic fringe by making a stand to
reclaim our language is it okay to say
lunatic fringe for the rebel media I'm
David the men's I'd menzies like what
you just saw then click subscribe below
and never miss another rebel video
you
