my good friend Sebastian Gorka joins me
now we're gonna be talking the New York
City terror attack Muller is imploding
investigation and the Trump
administration's all-out
counter-offensive on fake news we saw
another terror attack in New York City
yesterday and when these incidents
happen these low-tech asymmetric attacks
there are a few people more
knowledgeable than my good friend dr.
Sebastian Gorka he joins me now so ever
want to jump right in we had another
terror attack yesterday one that could
have been far far worse far more deadly
during the very very busy Christmas
season in New York City at the very very
busy Port Authority terminal 27 year old
from Bangladesh who'd lived in the US
seven years attempted to detonate a pipe
bomb that was on his body was suicide
bomber luckily the device malfunctioned
but what really bothers me is that we've
eradicated the intelligence programs the
grassroots intelligence programs the
confidential informants in mosques the
undercover detectives NYPD detectives
infiltrating radical Muslim groups we
eradicated these programs essentially
the day Bill DeBlasio was inaugurated in
January 2014 programs that we know saved
lives and we're seeing the results of
that six weeks ago a truck attack in
downtown Manhattan a Muslim terrorist an
adherent of Isis ran over a bunch of
people killed several yesterday we see
another Isis inspired terrorist try to
blow up dozens if not hundreds of people
in the Port Authority terminal and we
found out as well one of the things
that's even more troubling than any of
this to me that we found out that one of
the people who was instrumental in
crafting the NYPD's new response to all
this the NYPD eradicating the
demographics unit and eradicating the
profiling and monitoring programs was
none other than Linda Sarsour so where
do we go from here seven we've got
liberal local administrations
following the path of political
correctness over public safety where do
we go is it a federal response or do we
have to just keep on these local
officials until they start seeing things
clearly well look as a former NYPD
officer yourself you know that despite
the insanity of the political
correctness being driven down by the
mayor's office on to the police
department the good men and women that
wear the cloth of the Republic and all
the cloth of of the NYPD and do the job
that needs to be done so they understand
what good counterterrorism is yeah it's
not just about a community outreach or
really really reaching out to fake
representatives of the Muslim
populations such as Linda Sarsour it's
really about human intelligence as
Americans we love our technology but
signals intelligence a decryption of
terrorist use of emails only gets you so
far and the NYPD understood after 9/11
that the federal government had not
served it well as a result they turned
the NYPD into literally one of the
world's best counterterrorism
organizations and a pillar of that was
the undercover assets that they put in
place in the various communities to
identify the terrorists before they go
kinetic because good counterterrorism is
not reactive it is preventative so I
expect the good men when a member of the
NYPD to do what needs to be done but we
need to see happen in New York what
really happened on January the 20th in
here here in Washington on inauguration
day we had a commander-in-chief take the
oath of office who is very clear that
political correctness gets people killed
and he will not permit political
correctness to drive either the threat
assessments that run that are the core
of our national security infrastructure
all the policies that respond to those
threat assessments so look there's an
old saying every population deserves the
politicians it elects New York chose
Mayor DeBlasio
let's
hope that his political correctness
doesn't cost lives except I'm so glad
you just brought that up because you had
said something I absolutely loved it I
think it was yesterday or the day before
on Fox News or Fox Business you said
something to me the fact that President
Trump is the kryptonite to political
correctness it was absolutely
outstanding and it was it was so so
spot-on but you make some great points
about our first responders and let's
talk about heroism for a second let's
talk about the men and women of the NYPD
and the Port Authority PD I saw one of
the most heroic things I've ever seen
right after this attack failed when New
York City of Police Department officers
and Port Authority Police Department
officers tackled the suspect they didn't
know if he had redundant explosive
devices they shielded innocence with
their own bodies they they got on top of
the suspect they put him on the ground
they immobilized him while they were
evacuating the terminal putting their
bodies between the terrorists murderer
the savage terrorists and innocence if
that's not heroism I don't know what is
and you know the rank-and-file of the
NYPD they know these programs work they
know these programs are highly effective
at weeding off the bad guys especially
the people who work in counter terror
and intelligence because they also know
that an attack like this a low-tech
asymmetric attack like this can be
plotted and carried out across a kitchen
table in an apartment there isn't a
whole heck of a lot of chatter to be
intercepted if any chatter at all so
that's why in my opinion why I kept
harping yesterday when I did a pin on
Fox Business about the intelligence
component the need for these
confidential informants of these
Undercovers why I kept harping about
that grassroots intelligence component
that is really the difference between
getting in front of these attacks and
being reactive these attacks is it not
look I am very I basically hate the
phrase lone-wolf terrorism I think that
was provided or made popular by the last
administration to make US citizens
disconnected dots so we very rarely seen
except pathetic cases like jihadi Jaime
rarely seen cases of significant danger
where one individual alone was
responsible for a significant plot or a
significant attack but even if it's a
small group of people one bomb maker or
one indoctrinated and and the person
executing the attack you're never going
to find all of those purely through
technical means it simply doesn't happen
yeah we have end-to-end encrypted
commercial communications systems that
you can download in many cases for free
so it's almost impossible to intercept
all of these technically and as a result
at the end of the day this is a form of
irregular warfare and whether you're
doing irregular warfare on the streets
of Fallujah or Northern Ireland or
whether you're doing it in Brooklyn at
the end of the day your best your very
best asset is the human being that is
part of that community that penetrates
that community that sees the signs the
flags of somebody going down the path of
jihadism and then can bring the
authorities to bear on that individual
prior to the building the device prior
to them to stealing that truck and then
mowing down people on a bicycle path so
yes absolutely we have to go back to the
old school with it whether you're
working against you know Cosa Nostra the
Mafia when that global jihad is a human
intelligence is the key except I'm
really glad you brought that up because
this is the point I raised not only on
my show here pretty much every time I
talk about profiling and monitoring but
I do it on on hit some of the media
outlets there is century-long precedent
with regards to profiling and monitoring
in law enforcement look I'm an
italian-american guy in my 40s when when
law enforcement looks at La Cosa Nostra
the Italian mob they profiled guys like
me and I want them to profile guys like
me because I fit the profile of a
mobster right Italian guy in my 40s I'm
who you should be looking at but there's
a line of italian-american detectives
and cops and federal agents who want to
work in the units that track la cosa
nostra no one finds that
nicholae discriminatory or xenophobic we
do it to blacks when we look at the
Bloods and the Crips we profile black
gangs and black detectives and agents
line up you get into those units we do
it with Hispanics we profile Mexicans
and Colombians when we look at our
conics activity we profile Asians we
look at Asian gang activity but it's
only xenophobic it's only racist it's
only racist if we apply the same sound
law enforcement precedents to Muslims
and look the NYPD's been doing this for
a hundred plus years with regards La
Cosa Nostra there were Italian American
detectives infiltrating the mob at the
turn of the century so it's already
really going to just disregard 100 years
of provable proven effective law
enforcement precedent because it offends
liberals yeah let's just be very very
clear on this point
profiling is not a pejorative word exact
profiling is a synonym for common sense
if you've got an APB that a bank robbery
just occurred and the the the person who
committed the bank robbery six foot five
Caucasian with blonde hair you don't put
out an APB for a 5-foot tall black
grandmother we have certain
jurisdictions and I'm not going to name
them right now but we have certain
jurisdictions not far from where I live
where when an intelligence report about
a potential terrorist threat comes in to
a fusion center it must be stripped it
must be stripped of any descriptors that
refer to somebody perhaps looking Arabic
or Middle East's are so ridiculous
removed ridiculous how do we keep people
safe like that
it's insane it is insane it's a great
way to phrase it said because in law
enforcement I mean literally from day
one in the Academy you're taught that
your career potentially your your
freedom you might be criminally charged
but everything depends on you accurately
identifying suspects and acting
constitutionally within the confines of
that accurate information so it is just
mind-blowing to me that
want us to have these vague descriptions
they would rather us miss identify and
stop a hundred of the wrong people
rather than use proper descriptions that
might indicate so indicate a race or a
religion or ethnicity and risk offending
the sensibilities of one but you know to
talk about accurate information and
ethics and law enforcement dovetails
very very nicely with where I want to go
next really need to jump in and talk
about Muller now it was uh it seemed
like about once a week we were getting
information that there was a conflict of
interest or some type of alleged
corruption within Muller's camp then it
seemed in the last week or two like it
was every day well now it seems like
this information this negative
information on Muller is coming every
hour I mean it sure seems to me like
it's every hour the latest bombshell
dropped by James Rosen at Fox News is
that Bruce or a DOJ official who was
demoted or interacting with Christopher
Steele infusion GPS with regards to that
fake news from Prussia clusen dossier
all turns out Christopher's wife worked
for fusion GPS while the dossier was
being created and she worked on Russia
related matters now they won't confirm
or deny whether or not she had anything
to do with the dossier but I'm leaning
toward she probably did she at the very
least knew about it so the question is
what in the world is going on at the
Department of Justice look I talked to
cops and prosecutors all day long
cops of local state and federal levels
all of them agree that if this was an
investigation that any of them worked on
I can say if it was an investigation I
worked on it would have been shut down
long ago for the mere appearance of
impropriety
but Muller seems to operate with
impunity seems to be able to do whatever
he wants which begs other questions and
and people especially in the Trump base
are very concerned and they ask what is
Attorney General Jeff Sessions doing it
appears that he's completely checked out
that he's m.i.a that he's turned the
Department of Justice over to rod
Rosenstein who in turn turned it over to
Robert Muller it seems like Muller acts
without oversight he can do whatever he
wants spend as much money as he wants go
after anybody wants an ethics
the rule of law and due process be
damned so you always tell people when
you speak publicly count to ten take a
breath everything's gonna be okay
what are we on the outside people that
don't have your your intimate knowledge
of what's happening inside the White
House those personal relationships what
are we missing here Seb no I think we've
come to a crescendo moment absolutely we
cannot go another day in the new cycle
without hearing one more fatally
compromised aspect of the mullet team
being uncovered whether it's individuals
who are in breach of the Hatch Act with
political activity individuals that went
to Clinton's you know prospective
celebration party on election night or
whether it's individuals whose wives
worked for diffusion GPS the company
that created the dodgy dossier
built around Russian propaganda to take
down Donald Trump as a presidential
candidate it's it's got to a point where
you're absolutely right it's not just
the issue of this investigation it's the
question of the probity the overall
probity of federal law enforcement this
in the Comey
was bad enough in terms of undermining
the reputation of the FBI but now we
have this DOJ sanctioned witch-hunt
of individuals who have no place
investigating anybody let alone an
individual from the other party that
they have been clearly committed to
undermining in their own personal and
public activity so yes look I I'm not
inside the system anymore
I have ties to the White House and other
places in the federal administration but
I think we're in a crescendo moment and
something has to give
whether it comes from Jeff Sessions
himself whether it comes from the
president it has to come right now and
let's just I like to remind everybody I
like to remind the DNC I like to remind
the New York Times Washington Post the
CNN in our constitutional system the
chief law enforcement officer of the
United States is not the director of the
FBI nor is it the Attorney General Jeff
Sessions the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States is somebody
called the president and right now
that's Donald J Trump so he has every
right to clean house maybe very soon he
will love that you always say that you
wanted a few people who gets that right
but the president not the Attorney
General is the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States and every
time you say you know I always retweet
you because it's such an important
distinction and it really kills me that
fake news that false narrative on the
left that the president has no right to
intervene in Department of Justice
investigations or to comment on them or
to be briefed on them it's so ridiculous
he's the commander in chief not just of
the military but of all of our federal
law enforcement agencies that's an
executive branch function now you train
FBI agent you've trained you've told me
thousands of FBI agents in your career
and I speak to agents daily and it's
very very sad because the feedback I'm
getting from the agents and I want to
stress that when we talk about problems
inside the FBI we're talking about a few
bad actors at the top of the agency
99.99% of the street agents are very
hardworking men and women doing their
job very bravely with integrity the two
points of feedback I get and I've been
getting for quite a while and I suspect
you have too but I want to I want to I
want to see if it's consistent is that
number one they're concerned for their
ability to do their job and in some
cases their safety because their
credential their ID isn't worth what it
used to be worth and what's the
incentive or up for a wise guy ala cosa
nostra capo to be compliant with the FBI
to cooperate with the FBI
if FBI bosses aren't cooperating with
the lied one guy tell me I could walk
into a mafia social club and they're
gonna tell me hey why do I got to deal
with you your own bosses are breaking
the law well who are you to come where's
your moral authority where's your
ethical authority I'm probably phrasing
a little bit more professionally than a
wise guy would but you get the point
and then number two it's it's just a
sheer morale killer no I get the
director ray when he spoke to Congress
Kristopher Ray had to say that he sees
morale at the FBI and everybody's doing
a great job and everybody's happy he had
to say that but when I speak to the
agents they tell me that morale is at an
all time
because they've spent 10 12 15 17 years
working their fingers to the bone doing
their job right doing everything by the
book following the law following the
rules and now they're tarnished they've
got to be embarrassed state what they do
for a living because of a few bad actors
with political motivations left-leaning
political motivations at the top of the
agency are you hearing the same from the
agent you speak to discuss already but
I'll say it again even if we have when
James Comey gave his infamous press
conference in which the first 13 minutes
of it was a slam dunk case against
indictment Hillary Clinton for the
mishandling of classified information
and then in the last minute the 14
minute 14th minute he irrigated the
rights of the Attorney General on to
himself and said well I'm not going to
recommend prosecution and he did a 180 I
was told by a member of the JTTF in New
York the Joint Terrorism Task Force that
his office was watching that live and
when for 30 minutes they were you know
pumping the air saying yes it's he's
going to recommend prosecution and this
person is going to rightfully pay the
price for what she did and when he did
the 180 in the last minute half of the
agents I mean the federal agents yeah
half of the FBI agents and this was on a
Tuesday if I recall a Wednesday when he
basically whitewashed the Clinton
Service scandal half of the agency in
that JTTF stood up put on their jackets
and left Chelsea left the office yeah
and didn't come back till next Monday
now think about that think about what
that means for the morale of the FBI
half of the ages simply left the
building because of what their director
had done for political purposes and we
we have to have a historic perspective
the FBI hasn't always had the reputation
it had for the last 20 years it's had a
sterling reputation reputation but let's
remember Jay
let's remember what they had to recover
from unfortunately a few people on the
seventh floor have brought it back to
that level of the COINTELPRO gather the
the the depth of the reputation of the
FBI being really you know sinking to as
deep as it can I've met thousands of the
IAS SOS is in the agents of the FBI and
I've trained them on counterterrorism
issues and I was proud to do so but how
those individuals now clip on their bad
pick up their credit and put on their
handgun everyday and then think about
what their brand means after just the
last six months I would not like to be
in that position you and I are of like
mind on the FBI that that's pretty clear
I think we're hearing the same things
from agents and and I agree that the
agency could recover let's get right
into Jeff Sessions because I would be
remiss if I didn't dig deep in this
there are a lot of questions especially
from people on social media many the
same people interact with with you and I
and they're upset the the base is very
very upset so what is it about Jeff
Sessions has he checked out is he
compromised he's compromised the guy's
been in the game a long time but I have
to ask that question is he compromised
is he overwhelmed
did he get there and say man things are
much worse than I ever thought they were
or was he a guy that existed in the
Senate that existed inside the system
inside the establishment status quo for
so long that he doesn't think it's as
bad as the rest of us do I mean what's
going on with attorney general sessions
because you know this you engage people
quite often on social media you're out
there in traditional media every day
many times a day you hear the same
frustrations I do but again you have
this deeper insight you understand the
players you personally know them you
still speak to them what is going on
with Jeff Sessions he a good guy who's
overwhelmed or easy see somebody we
shouldn't trust that should have been
replaced last week no I mean I I
sometimes really why shouldn't do this
too often but I sometimes read the
comments on you know right wing websites
and
person who gets the most I mean it's not
Hillary who gets gets pilloried the most
it's unfortunately the Attorney General
I am I made a promise to the president
when I resigned from the White House
that I wouldn't attack individual
members of the cabinet I'm gonna stick
to that but I will say I don't think
he's checked out and I don't think that
he's compromised from my interactions
with him in the White House I do truly
think that this is an honorable man
who for whatever reason may be spending
too much time in the Senate where you
know individual senators are are
respected and powerful individuals in
the city I don't think he knew what he
was getting into when he volunteered to
become the Attorney General I've seen on
his face immense frustration when it
came to the question of leaking out of
the White House and he should be
frustrated it's his job to stop the
leaking from the White House so I think
I think you're absolutely right I hate
conspiracy theories I finally meant to
think there's a reason that called
theories there there isn't a massive web
of people undermining the United States
Republic but there is a culture a
culture of business as usual and more
than that these are individuals who
think they're on biased but in fact
their de facto setting is to the left
and I just want to raise one point I
played wasn't me made have been Hannity
or somebody else everybody who's getting
in trouble in the FBI or the DOJ for the
last two years they're not getting in
trouble because of their Republican
views but that's just it right right the
FBI the intelligence community was never
weaponized on behalf of Donald Trump it
was never weaponized on behalf of
outside insurgent candidates outside or
insurgent candidates it was done
exclusively for Democrats
more specifically exclusively for
Hillary Clinton I mean these FBI agents
at the top of the agency these DOJ
officials appear to have totally
breached protocol totally breach policy
ignored their oath and weaponized their
trusted positions to legitimize fake
news in an effort to steal an election
from a constitutionally elected
president Donald Trump and thank God for
new media thank God for social media I
want to give thanks to groups like
Judicial Watch who filed their FOIA
requests and file lawsuits out
like the rebel you know without all of
us collectively without people like you
said we're willing to go out there and
speak up and speak really loudly they
might have gotten away with this but
this happened in the Bush administration
the media treated Bush horribly but his
communications team was very milquetoast
they did very little to push back it
wasn't as bad as it is with Trump but
with what they're doing at Donald Trump
is a travesty it's it's criminal
possibly literally criminal now but man
if we didn't have new and alternative
media to get the word out and Hillary
Clinton been elected I can't think of
how bad things might have been you even
under the Bush administration you know a
Democrat a Democrat leaning bureaucrat
could do very nicely for himself yeah
okay but but now that's not the case now
the rank outsider from Queens has come
in and he's busting up the monopoly or
the fake monopoly on truth that no the
swamp thinks that they have a right to
maintain so yes I think it's it's the
worst we've ever seen it for decades
such a great way to start winding down
the segment because I adore the
president's communication style as a guy
from Queens myself I grew up maybe four
or five neighborhoods east of where the
president grew up oh I get it he sounds
like my friend's dad's you know like
mine he sounds like my friend and me
sometimes and it works that's a very
effective communication style and that's
why the truck driver the plumber the cop
the firefighter the welder the people
that build America the core the
grassroots the the salt of the earth the
working people really adore this
president because he doesn't condescend
to them he doesn't speak down to them he
sounds like them and and they really
appreciate that he speaks to them
without trying to be too presidential
right easy just one guy talking to
another one guy talking to a a soccer
mom one guy talking to a working guy and
it works and it really really works I
also just adore Sarah Huckabee Sanders
she's a rock star in the press room he's
special especially when she Spanx down
the gym Acosta's of the world I mean how
dare Sara Huckabee Sanders want to
finish her sentence how dare she called
him on their fake news how dare the
president tweet how dare the president
play ball with the American public and
his tweets are the ball
throwing over the heads of the
mainstream media that's why they're in a
tizzy that's why the mainstream media is
hysterical because Donald Trump has
rendered them irrelevant
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is rendering them
irrelevant communications director hope
Hicks renders them irrelevant this is a
stellar comms team at the White House
and what I love most of all is that
they're giving back to the left with the
left has done to us for years for years
the left has shoved fake news down our
throats and expected us to accept it and
now Hickson and and Sanders and
President Trump are shoving it right
back in their faces and demanding truth
and demanding accountability and the
base loves this I mean whenever the
president tweets whenever a Sarah
Huckabee Sanders spanked somebody down
at MSNBC or CNN or NBC it's like an
early Christmas present every day to the
base they simply adore it and like I
said we're finally giving the left back
what they've been giving us for years
yeah absolutely so let me let me just
maybe maybe they just still don't get it
but but the mainstream media what my
good friend Andres Arabian calls the
fake news industrial complex
they don't understand one key issue we
have a prisoner in the United States who
doesn't care what the New York Times or
CNN things exactly that's the bottom
line and it's not just about the base so
just about the base it's about Americans
the Americans know they just it's like
the election in Alabama that's just
about to happen they you know the people
of Alabama are going to decide what's
best for Alabama that's right and they
couldn't care what an editorial board in
Manhattan things look your honor but
sound right Donald Trump couldn't care
less what the mainstream media thinks
about him but even better I love the way
he takes the wind out of their sails and
he deal in huge itemizes they're elitist
institutions like the White House
Correspondents Dinner the Kennedy Center
Honors he realizes hey I'm the President
of the United States my appearance makes
these events and if you're gonna insult
me and roast me and bash me I'm not
gonna sit through that and tomorrow
while you guys go home and you you're
all upset that I didn't show up and
you're all upset that you get to zing me
with real one-liners and you're all
dejected I'm still gonna be the most
powerful person in the world and I made
that event and if you don't mind your
manners
not gonna come next year and I'm not
gonna come the year after that I adore
that few people have ever played the
media as artistically and as
strategically as Donald Trump does I
mean he truly is a work of art it's the
only word I could think of truly is a
work of art the way he throws the
liberal media off their game
the the elite and I mean media Hollywood
the swamp the elite think they're
America but a lot of along has come a
man who's demonstrated to them no you're
not America and they just can't stand it
it's just glorious to watch oh it is
glorious to watch it's outstanding to
watch III love it I could literally
watch Donald Trump beat up on the
liberal media and liberal elitist night
and day and never never get bored 7:00
is always an absolute pleasure always
the most interesting segments with you
thanks so much my friend we're gonna do
this again real soon I hope so all the
best god bless you got it my friend
take care I want to keep bringing you
these analyses so please subscribe to
our premium service at
www.affordablecomm.com
you
