Hollywood self-inflicted wounds this is
part two of my interview with
conservative comedian Michael joiner I
do want to segue into because you're not
just a man of one talent either you did
we need to talk about the acting
producing all that stuff so let's leave
comedy for a minute and just see what
you think about Hollywood how it's going
right now specifically maybe why you
left
wouldn't pay my mortgage
well here's the thing Ben
I watched lalala and what a beautiful
film I mean great there won the Oscar
pandering lost it the Oscar I'll leave
it at that you know II know it was
ridiculous I cuz I who drove me
absolutely nuts I am a dude that only
likes action adventure movies I loved a
singing musical about two people falling
a lot because it was beautiful that well
done and you give it to moonlight that
no one liked except they got traction
when all of a sudden there's articles
popping up about whitewashing in
Hollywood and how that la Lane was
somehow a whitewashing movie so we need
to support moon line about a gay
afternoon african-american male living
his life when no one liked the movie
until Trump was doing his thing and then
like alright blah Landis Trump and white
people out of here and literally that's
fun the entire thing was oh so
frustrating you explained that perfectly
that's better than I could explain it no
it really is and here's the thing I
don't know about you but when I listen
to the music of lala land I'm almost in
tears because that's how I saw Hollywood
as man you know this is oh this is my
dream this is what I want to do and now
I've it's it's hard enough man as you
know it's hard enough making that trek
auditioning learning your craft
I mean pounding the pavement out there
and then all the others you know all the
competition it's hard enough but yet you
and I because of our political and or
Christian beliefs have to get
blacklisted on top of it and then if we
don't get blacklisted and manage to get
in there we have to be careful what we
say around our code
it's unbelievable so that dream is I
don't know what to think of that dream
anymore it's it's really a dream it's
like like something like unless
something changes I hardly want to do it
which is why I'm doing my own films you
know as you and I know also is working
in faith-based films faith-based films
and conservatives do not discriminate
we'll hire the best person no matter who
leave as long as you do a great job and
quite frankly I don't like faith based
films liberals are more talented they
study their craft from my experience
generally speaking they study their
craft they do a great job they're very
creative and clever and they they work
well for the most part so I love working
with them and I work with them happily
but let someone on a regular Hollywood
production find out what you believe oh
man you're shunned you're talked about
maybe we should get rid of him or and
it's unbelievable why should that have
anything to do with the performance and
I'm gonna give you and I managed to
sneak in I got a movie coming out or I
played an awesome role called attack of
the Southern Fried zombies I pray I play
a Mississippi mayor of this town that
gets attacked by zombies I managed to
sneak in on good people they love me
they love my portrayal but the thing is
they're liberal people and I just don't
know how much more I can do that because
they'd rather work with liberals let's
be honest live not those people but
liberal people rather work with liberals
it really is a bizarre situation because
like you said I've never I've worked on
a lot of different sets not everyone
obviously believes the same thing and
every time I hear a friend or co-worker
or whatever talking about how they're
you know pro-choice or anti-trump it's
like okay cool like no big deal like
it's it's I've never seen the venom and
vitriol in the past two years of if you
just believe this certain thing you're
an evil horrible person that we were not
going to want to work with at all like
it's it's insane the double standard
when all you want to do is be judged on
the content of your character and your
craft and are you good enough not what
did I what do I think about being you
know pro-life or pro-choice all this and
that dictates but we do live in a
subject of media where it's someone's
opinion dictating whether you're good
enough for a job like I grew up
in sports where if you ran this time you
were that good no one could say
otherwise but in this in this industry
it's someone's opinion of well maybe
he's best for the role maybe he's not
you know not always the best actor or
actress necessarily gets the role and if
it's night it's I hope that more people
realize this and people can just it's at
least more brought to light to where the
people have just best for it will get
the role but you never know like I said
there's very few conservatives in
Hollywood they kind of band together and
the little underground group even the
a-listers are a bit afraid to really be
outspoken mm-hmm Jon Voight and so on um
I was in a class the best class I was
ever in in Hollywood had some people who
worked opposite Al Pacino big work I
mean big not big names but they've
worked with the big names and I I had
audition for this class I worked in this
class I loved it
it was in a theater setting and an actor
who named Sal who worked in a lot of
movies also was the teacher and you
would get a eight page script for 25
bucks and partner you with someone and
we'd go on stage and we'd read and we
respect each other and we listened to
the advice he gave us and uh I was in
there for like three months people knew
I was a Christian they kind of knew I
was a conservative I always made sure to
give the gay guys a big tight hug but
think I was afraid of whatever that well
then then the prop 9 issue came up and I
remember prop 9 where should should we
allow traditional whatever it was in
California one yeah I remember that yeah
so traditional marriage or not and so I
got the class early as ideal I was
looking at my script and they were
talking about it and I kept my mouth
shut till they said who in the world is
for that I thought well that said I said
I'm for it Christian I believe in
traditional marriage
it confused them they wanted to say
you're hateful but my history said I'm
not hateful my history said I've treated
all of you the same I love you
I'll even hug you I'll even work with
you I've been laughs with you but from
then it caused confusion and their
liberal minds we'd want to say that
you're a hater but we know you're not
like the whole pause the whole idea of
group politics like where you can just
you want people into a group instead of
treating as an individual which is what
the left always does we do this it's
just the identity politics of okay you
must if you just grew this one thing you
must be this white cisgender straight
male oppressive environment so yeah it
does break that down and only way it can
happen is through individual
relationships because unfortunate the
media's can continue press that over and
over again so I'm only we're only
responsible for you know our
interactions and you know we're human
beings that are gonna fail all the time
but at least we can treat people the way
they're supposed to be treated and then
hopefully we can reach some real middle
ground instead of the crazy left
politics you know that it tears everyone
apart absolutely really yeah I have a
question too just for you about your
thoughts on the Hollywood lead in
general because it feels like every time
that they come on stage to get an award
it seems like they're taking the moral
high ground like they're somehow morally
superior am i am reading too much into
that or do you feel the same thing after
you get to watch out stuff
you'd have to be blind not to see if
what happened to don't alienate the
audience what happened to don't alienate
half of the their tribe um you have a
Netflix show how could you be so
presumptuous as to me and millions of
people an idiot and expect us to still
tune into your show your politics are so
strong that you'd rather and that's the
first first thing of comedy is don't
alienate half the audience by presuming
putting in your beliefs you know unless
you're Bill Maher and you know who's
shown up you can definitely pigeonhole
to one specific area you want to but a
mate major movie stars you're trying to
get as many people in the box off as
possible yes that's it it does it blows
my mind
like it really no it's um it's it's
blind list like you know it reminds me
of it reminds me you know it like you
are read the Bible and the more I read
about the Pharisees the more I realized
especially radical liberal is the same
spirit and what I mean is this here's
Jesus calling himself the son of God so
they hate him well then he rides as
someone from the dead and instead of
going away saying maybe is the son of
God they say how can we kill this guy I
mean we proven it over and over and
here's what I say tuck Sean Hannity
always tries to prove oh he always uses
this mantra
how come liberals don't get it and I'm
gonna say Sean they get it they suppress
the truth they get it they suppress the
truth remember that there are not people
who actually believe it's okay to take a
little baby halfway out of a mother's
womb and kill it they don't really
believe that they suppress it cuz they
have a wicked edge not quite and I'm
talking about radical because as you and
I know you have some good friends who I
know this sounds offensive ignorantly
believe there's Christians who now
ignorant bully adhere to liberalism and
I want to say here's what the Bible says
how do you line that up and oftentimes
they'll go okay I'll consider that
so yeah different levels of liberalism
and whenever I speak of a liberal I'm
always talking about the most radical
far-left
they probably want you and I in Trump
dead yeah but ER
gee that's a shame but inside with their
friends they'd be doing high fives and
having tequila shots okay yeah the
hypocrisy kind of showed out here when
Harvey Weinstein the guy is on the side
like promoting in the DNC getting money
the Clinton Foundation being like I'm
for women's rights equality being one of
them like scummiest women abusing guys
ever and this is what's so funny when
that happened to I was like the next guy
is gonna be no I said it should be
Spacey but I was like I don't think is
gonna happen because no you use these
homosexual man oh he might get away with
it and that was the first that he said
so I had the conversation my grandfather
like two weeks before that happened the
first thing he said is yeah I did
but I'm gay I was just like can you be
more I'm in the ideology protect me mine
said Harvey Weinstein the first thing he
said was hey guys you know I did this
and working myself but I'm gonna spend
all my time now going for the NRA so you
better forgive me Mike plots like it
just it is crazy there's there's a know
they know their audience and I do want
to specify because like I have a tons of
friends like you said that are liberals
liberals are to me really different than
the left like liberals basically they in
general believe that no there should
there should be some type of universal
health care we want this paid for we
want you know open immigration we want
less military and so we in their mind
it's gonna make a better country in my
mind that has never worked in the
history of ever
and it and I know it sounds harsh to say
no you need to earn what you get but
it's gonna be easier for everyone if you
take out the regulations and you just
you become a man you have a you take
care of yourself kind of thing and the
electric borders and the conservative
mind said like we're going on at the
same way the left is basically to me
like communists socialists destroy it
all below the system Bernie Sanders land
and so hey I can have a great
conversation like okay this is gonna be
better for health care in the long run
if we do this but you know and do the
counter-argument they're like well we
still should take care kind of thing to
have a good conversation but yeah you
can't really have a conversation with
the ideology of the far left in my
opinion no that's a good way to put it
all right if you liked this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
