well the minister reverse his decision
to remove female genital mutilation from
Canada Citizenship guide I haven't done
that and the assertion that first of all
the the citizenship that hasn't been
written it's we're consult we're still
in the consultation stage to finish my
is it my own mr. chair can I finish
I've been asked to my answer point of
order I wasn't asking a yes or no
question I'll ask a question I'd like to
finish my answer please that's possible
fine decorum you must appreciate I have
very limited amount of time to question
the minister I'm looking for a yes or no
answer not at off the clock answer so my
I will be brief and honorable members
suggesting that I've removed something
from a product that hasn't been
completed I'd like to say that it is a
convention of this committee that they
it is the members time so I'm afraid I
do have to let her ask the question and
Thank You mr. chairman
I'm it's not so than yes or no minister
the document that was released or leaked
earlier this year cannabis citizenship
guide was that not well female genital
well female genital mutilation well
female genital mutilation be listed as
an intolerable practice in Canada
solution guide has not been written yet
we're consulting minister this is this
is a yes or no questions man female
genital mutilation affects over 200
million women worldwide we're talking
about a woman's clitoris being cut off
to remove her sexual agency this is a
practice that happens because it's
shrouded in silence and the reason why
it's in Canada citizenship guide right
now is to arm women with rights
understanding of their rights will you
commit today to ensuring that this
practice is listed as a intolerable
practice and a crime as it currently is
right now I will commit to continuing to
consult which your party and you're
going
didn't do when they were consulted on
this Minister there are over 17,000
Canadians who have signed a petition to
keep this in here I can't imagine any
group that would suggest that you should
take it out so I'm consulting with well
I'm asking you today today if you this
is ultimately this is your decision
this affects millions of women worldwide
we know that you know government we make
decisions
thank you very much mr. chair and you
asked me a question amongst Minister as
you're making a speech Minister this is
a very simple yes or no decision will
you commit including female genital
mutilation to continue to consult
stakeholders in a way that you did not
when you which stakeholder are you
consulting that is consulting experts
who just have the for a moment
I'm just being reminded that members
should display appropriate courtesy and
fairness at all times when questioning
witnesses and that witnesses are to
answer questions however if they feel
the answer has been given that is also
fair so I would ask the member to show
appropriate courtesy and fairness and I
believe the witness has answered the
question Thank You mr. chair
Minister you've suggested that you're
consulting with people on this
particular issue which groups have
suggested that this should be removed
from the Citizenship guide no one has
suggested that so will you commit today
to including female genital mutilation
and Canada citizenship I will commit to
continuing to consult Canadians on the
citizenship type and so we know from
reports this summer that practitioners
of female genital mutilation are coming
to Canada the CBSA has been put on alert
for this and we've also had a report
saying that Canada is woefully under
prepared to deal with the problem of
Canadian girls being brought abroad to
have the practice committed
them I don't understand why you won't
commit today to shedding light on this
practice as it has been done within
Canada citizenship right so I will ask
you again can you please provide
rationale as to why this would be
removed from Canada citizenship there
hasn't been any removing of anything
there's no citizenship guide that has
been written so your assertion that we
removed something from from something
that hasn't been completed is completely
false back to my previous question
I'm earlier this year in June a leaked
copy of the draft citizenship guide was
provided to the media and in that draft
genital mutilation had been removed from
the guide additionally your predecessor
had suggested that this would be removed
from Canada citizenship guide so two
questions was this draft guide not
produced by your department we have one
citizenship guide now it's the one that
exists the the citizenship guide that
we're planning to put together hasn't
been completed we are drafting it so
just to clarify the draft guide that was
released to the media was that produced
by your department we are consulting
Canadians on producing a new citizenship
so wealthy Association guide that exists
now is the one that well well female
genital mutilation be included in the
new version of the citizenship guide I
can't comment on a product that hasn't
been completed we are in the
consultation what is your personal okay
what is your personal view do you think
do you personally just remember that
we're now moving outside the skull play
believe of estimate please we're into a
policy discussion point of order mr.
chair in regards to relevancy I set out
relevancy on the front end of this there
are expenditures related to the
development of this guide and the
appropriate tests which ostensibly we
are discussing today I am trying to
ascertain whether or not government
funds are being appropriately expended
on this I've heard the point however the
minister's personal views on something I
do not believe are within the scope of
today's meeting point of order mr. chair
with regard to the minister's personal
views the minister's
views on this issue the minister is in
charge of setting policy direction this
this particular development
the citizenship guide I don't believe
requires a cabinet decision again he is
going to be providing decision on this
so his views on whether or not this
should be included is in fact relevant
to the content developed there and
associated integers and I would rule
that they're not because his personal
views do not cost money and
supplementary be estimates are with
respect to the expenditure of her
majesty's funds and therefore thus the
member to move on now thank you Minister
have you been given direction by the
prime minister's office to remove female
genital mutilation from Canada
citizenship guide no so is the Prime
Minister's office have you heard from
the Prime Minister his personal opinion
on if you believe already answered that
question I have not received direction
on this from the prime minister's office
will you advocate to the Prime Minister
to keep the female genital mutilation
within Canada citizenship guide I have
not received direction from the Prime
Minister's office regarding this matter
and just to clarify the giraffe that was
released to the media earlier this year
was that or was that not produced by
your department the Honourable member
should know that what we're doing is
what you didn't do which is consult
experts on what should go into the
citizenship guide that's what we're
doing when the Citizenship guide comes
did you see what's in it and what's not
stir chair I'm asking a very simple
question there's been a lot of debate in
the House of Commons on this I would
like an answer from the minister was the
draft that was leaked to the media that
did not include female genital
mutilation to develop you know I'm going
to direct it to the Deputy Minister
Deputy Minister the draft of the report
the fiar the citizenship guide that was
leaked to the media earlier this year
was that developed by your department
we're in the active process on
consulting and there have been multiple
drafts of the citizenship guide as we
consult with various stakeholders and I
can't comment on any particular document
that was unofficially provided this
female Jennifer West is female genital
mutilation included in the most recent
draft that the department is working on
we're in the process of consulting on
that document and it will be released
when the document is final and ready for
a deputy minister have there been any
that have advised the department to
remove female genital mutilation from
the citizenship guide we are converting
quickly rather than define a ferret with
a very wide range of groups on a whole
range of issues related to the consider
sonship guide and that's consult
consultation is active right now
you
