no soup for you
or coffee I guess if you dare to support
Trump in this coffee shop called
Republicans got kicked out of Rodriques
coffee at Fordham University for wearing
make America great again hats a store
owner said these lads had five minutes
to leave the place
take a look left us want to have their
coffee and drink it too
you better bake that cake for a gay
couple but when we own the store you can
get out if you have the wrong political
views that document was apparently
Rodriguez safer space policy he's I
guess the regular safe space wasn't safe
enough the shop owner said that Magga
has violated this policy which reads do
not make assumptions about someone's
gender sexuality race class or
experiences blah blah blah be aware of
the boundaries of other space physical
or otherwise and respect their consent
house they called Republicans violate
that and actually it looks like the shop
owner violated this student space by
taking by trying to take his hat without
his consent
okay Magga hats have been controversial
since Trump announced his candidacy in
2015 so maybe it was only the hats that
were problematic right well the make
America great again hats for the ones
she said represented fascism however
after they said that they did attack
this American flag hat which I'm holding
up saying that we were affiliated with
they make America great again people and
therefore we had to leave as well make
no mistake this is not just an attack on
Trump this is an attack on America by a
small but shrill faction of progressive
virtue signalers or true believers in
academia in the media who value
platitudes and emotion over actual
empirical reality so what does Fordham
University have to say about this
incident
Rodriques is a student-operated part of
our student led Campus Activities Board
and advised by student affairs staff
there is no university safe space policy
nor one that excludes any members of the
Fordham community from any public spaces
on the basis of their political views
House said that Fordham values of
diversity of opinions and said the
university is still looking into the
occurrence and will appropriately
sanction students who may have infringed
upon the school's code of conduct the
coffee shop hasn't done or said a peep
since the scandal except make its
Twitter a safer space but good luck with
those google reviews Rodriques it's
going to take an awfully long time for a
local coffee shop to recover from that
but good it should for campus unmasked
i'm rob shamrock
