it's just another active asserting
colonialism over indigenous peoples to
constantly like devalue them even in
sports teams it's kind of like Canada's
version of Washington Redskins if you
will yeah post Grey Cup is there
anything left to be said about the
Canadian Football League well actually
there is the Edmonton Eskimos Football
Club continues to be pressured to change
its nickname some consider the word
Eskimos to be a slur for Inuit even the
Prime Minister himself Justin Trudeau
has weighed in saying it's time for
Edmonton to get a new nickname and what
do the members of generation Trudeau
here at Ryerson University have to say
about this one well let's find out we're
asking people about the Edmonton Eskimos
Football Club the team is under a lot of
pressure to change its nickname people
are saying that Eskimo is a slur term
for Inuit so we're just trying to get
you know people's opinion on campus well
how they feel about this okay you're
from out of town then but then again the
word Eskimo isn't really a term which
should be used in this day and age
because I heard that it's heard
sentiments and stuff now so it's like
using other words like Red Indians or
the n-word
I I don't know to be honest I'd you'd
have to probably ask an actual any but
first um some people are pressuring the
football team to change the name they're
saying that Eskimos a slur word for
Inuit even the Prime Minister weighed in
last week and saying it's time to change
so we're just trying to get the mood on
campus how people here feel about the
club changing their nickname ya know I
think definitely that like I don't know
much about the situation in general but
I think like using slurs as sports teams
is a terrible thing to do because
indigenous peoples have been here and we
we colonized and have treated them
terribly for so so long and it's just
another active asserting colonialism
over indigenous peoples to constantly
like devalue them even in sports teams
it's kind of like Canada's red skins if
you will yeah I think so if it's
offensive for them then I think that
they definitely should and I don't think
the original the conception was to be
offensive but I think that at the time
we're in right now if it is offensive
enough it is putting that group in a
place where they feel uncomfortable then
it may be time to change the name well
you know they've done some focus group
testing and they've come up with three
nicknames that begin with the letter e
cuz their primary logo is too stylized
these so we can get you to weigh in on
which one you would choose so science
fiction's big they have the amitin
enterprises the Edmonton elephants with
inclusion they're all that the Edmonton
everybody's like which one would you go
with you want the Edmonton everybody
yeah we live in this sound whoo
everybody's like that there are
different kinds of people and different
culture and this is perfect everybody's
on everybody then how about yourself
because Canada is cultural have a
diversity people size for us is for the
city I think diversity is our strength
right you sir elephants enterprises are
everybody's identity also yeah if they
use this one and they change their image
the doramas it's like it's kind of like
inclusive right yeah I think so yeah
honestly none of the three gets you it
no I like my thing is more like I am
doing an Indigenous Studies minor and
like so it is so I don't actually know
anything about this because but you mean
the Eskimos controversy or Oh
I don't follow sports but I do theater
but ya know in general it's just wrong
to use slurs as ways of binding colonial
people together it's awful the second
one honestly
oh the elephant that's because there's
elephants in India right there is that
an African elephant or an Indian
elephant is because of the diversity
I'll choose this one
oh the Edmonton everybody's na okay then
everybody sad yeah okay then diversity
is our strength they say right elephants
like the elephant there's like a tide
elephants in Edmonton then or no it's
just random a little bit more creative I
guess the elephants
yeah animal that's a sports team II
thing it's powerful I mean I I don't I
never really associate elephants African
animals with the City Madman but but you
go with the elephants in yeah yeah you
in the enterprises yeah you like the
everybody's you know all the different
races and that's good you know like
diversity and inclusion and all that
messy too busy the logo or you're
sticking with the everybody I like both
we can combine the two logos you know
all the everybody standing on the
elephant's back me I think Peter would
be upset by that you think of another
nickname that would begin with the
letter e that you would choose for
Edmonton Football Club really on the
spot here I have no idea you're gonna
take a knee on this in it yep
but there with the men's ointment is for
rebel dot media beautiful
you
