check out the first ad for Mattel's
barbie-doll way way back in 1959 well
when it comes to head wear that was then
and this is now because Barbie has just
traded in her hat for a hijab well who'd
have thunk it that the Mighty Mattel toy
company would embrace diversity and
inclusion and feminism all rolled into
one by releasing a hijab clad Barbie
doll and just in time for Christmas I
mean this special time of year
turns out he jab Barbie is based on u.s.
elite fencer if - Muhammad who donned
our he jab at the last Olympic Games
Mattel is holding up miss Muhammad as an
inspiration for little girls which is
curious given that America's first hijab
clad athlete seldom misses an
opportunity to bash America primarily
for what she considers to be anti-muslim
sentiment in the u.s. although that
viewpoint seems somewhat bizarre given
that she was celebrated for making the
US Olympic fencing team then again let's
not have the facts interfere with a good
fable pertaining to perceived victimhood
in any event Mattel's viewpoint that the
u.s. bashing Muhammad is a whiz-bang
inspiration for little girls dovetails
quite nicely from a marketing point of
view given that the toy maker also
believes that Barbie dolls are
inspirational for little girls - the
vast majority of whom will never be able
to attain Barbies body dimensions then
again not being able to be a Barbie in
real life might actually be a blessing
in disguise in 2013 researchers
concluded that if a real woman had
Barbie's body her bones would be so
frail that she wouldn't even be able to
walk upright and her 16 inch waist would
only leave enough room for half a liver
and just a few inches of intestine oh
well
better to look good then feel good I
suppose but because it's 2017 diversity
is the name of the game so Mattel is
going in a bold new direction no there's
still no such thing as plump Barbie
rather Mattel's moneymaker is now
sporting Islamic head wear naturally the
usual idiots were quick to approve the
move hey even philosopher queen Miley
Cyrus applauded Mattel by stating quote
yay Barbie one step closer to equality
we have to normalize diversity end quote
but you have to wonder if the former
Hannah Montana knows exactly what it is
that she's signing up for I mean in a
fundamentalist Islamic regime could miss
iris get away with donning this look
even if it was confined to a closed set
sorry Miley but a young woman embracing
her sexuality in such a fashion just
ain't gonna fly in most of the Islamic
world should you require proof please go
visit an Islamic Republic of your
choosing oh and you need worry about
purchasing return airfare by the way and
in the Department of damned if you do
damned if you don't
isn't that bizarre that al-jazeera is
actually giving the thumbs down to hijab
Barbie al-jazeera contributor chanela
koja more gee notes the following quote
let's not be too hasty and celebrating
such moves by for-profit corporations
what Mattel and other companies are
selling is an imagined feeling of
inclusivity to Muslim girls who often do
not experience it in their daily lives
this form of tokenistic inclusion often
does more harm than good
end quote interestingly chanela avoids
the dark side of islamic modesty
clothing and the dire repercussions that
can result for those Muslim women who
have the temerity to reject wearing it
while some women may certainly adhere to
modesty dress by choice what of the
multitude of others who would prefer to
the freedom to express themselves
outside those confines makes you kind of
wonder if this is indeed the sort of
diversity the likes of Miley Cyrus are
clamoring for for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's I'd Menzies like
what you just saw then click subscribe
below and never miss another rebel video
