fires have you RuPt it in Los Angeles
leaving many afraid and confused left
supporters Chelsea Handler hosted the
Chelsea Handler's show and near a tendon
president of the Center for American
Progress have been working tirelessly to
put these fires out that they had
started via Twitter through ill-advised
tweets one a wish thank God Rupert
Murdoch's house burned down
also there are actual fires wreaking
havoc on the community here in Southern
California but if you hate Trump and his
supporters there is no tragedy or crisis
great enough to not use that to lash out
at President Trump and his supporters
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
with multiple fires still burning many
people forced to evacuate and the Thomas
fire already consuming 65,000 acres my
thoughts and prayers truly go out to
anyone who has been affected by this
tragic event no matter your political
leaning including Chelsea Handler who
was forced to evacuate her home now the
reason for the publicity fire is that
Chelsea Handler is currently trying to
put out is because of an ill-advised
tweet blaming President Trump for the
loss of property in life quote it's like
Donald Trump is setting the world on
fire literally and figuratively stay
safe everyone dark times unquote former
Clinton adviser and current president
for the center of American Progress near
attendin tweeted out response to Rupert
Murdoch's house burning down quote
there's a God and she's unhappy unquote
Wow she has since deleted her tweet and
apologized
honestly this frightens me when we as
people as Americans cannot put aside our
political leanings during a sign of
crisis it shows that we here a truly
lost and whether the apologies and
removal of the tweets were because of
just social backlash or it was because
of a genuine regret because of an
ill-advised ill-thought-out tweet I know
the lessons are learned and then we can
all focus on putting out the real
threads instead of hoping that these
threats destroy people we disagree with
I'm Ben Davis this is pure Hollywood all
right if you like this video and others
like it please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
