yeah I mean Trudeau's he's on the other
side he's bringing in an Orwellian anti
Islamophobia policy to stamp out any
political objections to Islam a
purposely vague catch-all to ban critics
of Islam
Islamism terrorism open borders whatever
you can't talk about it now and of
course as you know Trudeau's
parliamentary secretary for Foreign
Affairs on the consular side is Omar
algebra who used to be the president of
the Canadian Air Federation that is an
extremist group that called for the
legalization of terrorist groups Hamas
and Hezbollah oh my algebra hates Israel
he literally cost for boycotts of Israel
he D legitimizes it as a country and
he's true no his right-hand man when it
comes to getting out of the Muslim vote
in Canada so ya know Canada is not gonna
follow Donald Trump's footsteps no
chance Trudeau wouldn't follow Trump's
footsteps anywhere he viscerally hates
the man but on Israel never okay fine
well what about Andrew Scheer he says he
supports Israel and I think he does his
caucus does most of them served under
Stephen Harper who was praised as
probably the most pro-israel leader in
the world
Harper merely reflected Canadian values
though Canadians support democracies we
don't split the difference with
terrorists we don't accept anti-semitism
or any other racism even if it calls
itself oh I'm not anti-semitic I'm just
a nice honest none of them Harper was
great so what's up with the party of
Harper the party of pro-israel where are
they on this embassy issue well here's
the probably traveling headline the
National Post conservatives won't say
whether or not Jerusalem should be
recognized as Israel's capital and let
me be the the sub headline there while
the u.s. decision is currently driving
the conversation O'Toole said he wants
to take a more thoughtful approach
that's Erin O'Toole the Foreign Affairs
critic for the conservative more
thoughtful approach is it thoughtless to
move an embassy to a capital city is
there a lot more thinking you have to
think on this how much time you need to
think about it
because Israel's capital city
has always been jerusalem since ancient
times and since its founding again as a
modern state in 1948 that's almost 70
years ago now you need a lot more time
to think about it that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
