hi guys I'm Kristen Tate with rebel buzz
the holiday season is upon us it's my
favorite time of year but for the last
decade or so many Americans have watched
in horror as political correctness has
eroded many of the traditions that we
hold dear
offensive Christmas trees have been torn
down in town squares elementary schools
have canceled their holiday concerts and
officials have directed us to wish our
neighbors happy holidays instead of
Merry Christmas
well now that President Trump is in
office all of that may change during his
2016 presidential campaign Trump
promised to get rid of the political
correctness that is slowly sucking the
joy out of the holidays that we love
here in America something I said so much
during the last two years but I'll say
it again as we approach the end of the
year you know we're getting near that
beautiful Christmas season that people
don't talk about anymore they don't use
the word Christmas because it's not
politically correct you go department
stores and they'll say Happy New Year
and they'll say other things and it'll
be red they'll have it painted but they
don't say well guess what we're saying
Merry Christmas again so far it seems
like he's sticking to his word and Trump
is also shown that he's not afraid to
openly celebrate the religious aspects
of our holidays a couple weeks ago
during his Thanksgiving address Trump
mentioned God
nine times now that's a stark contrast
to President Obama who only mentioned
God once during his 2016 Thanksgiving
Day address now that Christmas is around
the corner it seems like Trump will only
continue to defy the outraged culture
the Trump family Christmas card was
recently released and it proudly wishes
Americans a Merry Christmas
it did not say Happy Holidays which was
of course the Obamas preferred greeting
if you'll remember during his first year
in
this President Obama and his wife
Michelle also considered removing the
nativity scene from the White House as
to be more inclusive the trunk family
has taken a completely different
approach they recently showed off their
White House Christmas decorations and
the family selected the theme of this
year's decorations as time-honored
traditions it's meant to pay respect to
hundreds of years of holiday traditions
in this nation the decorations are
stunning and yes there's even a nativity
which serves as a reminder of the reason
for the season for so many Christians
this all comes as a welcome surprise to
many Americans who have watched on over
the last decade as u.s. holidays like
Halloween and Christmas have been
completely stripped of any religious or
traditional meaning as to not offend
anyone now of course a level of
sensitivity towards other races and
religions is a good thing but when does
it become too much the holiday season is
supposed to be one of joy and hope it's
supposed to be a time of celebration and
yes a time to appreciate other religions
while you practice your own I grew up in
a rural New Hampshire town it was a
mostly Christian town but there were a
few Jewish students at my school so we
always sang a couple of Hanukkah songs
during our holiday concerts that was an
enriching experience for me in our
country which remains incredibly divided
we need more joy and celebration not
less it's political correctness
continues to go unchecked eventually
we'll all be living in a colorless
cultureless society where nobody can do
anything because someone is always
offended
bottom line part of what makes America
so great is the freedom we have here the
freedom to speech the freedom to
practice any religion and the freedom to
celebrate any holiday for far too long
these beloved freedoms have been eroded
in the name of political correctness
it's time to make our holidays great
again and maybe Trump is the one who can
do it I'm Kristen Tate and this is rebel
buzz thank you so much for tuning in
