I've got a petition I'd like you to sign
to move the Canadian Embassy in Israel
to Jerusalem the capital right now our
embassy is weirdly in Tel Aviv
we're not recognizing reality we're not
respecting Israel's democracy the
petition is that move the embassy dot CA
you can go there right now to sign it or
if you need convincing here's my best
argument the last three US presidents
all promised to move their embassy to
Jerusalem but they always broke the
promise when in office Donald Trump just
went ahead and did it we will move the
American Embassy to the Eternals capital
of the Jewish people Jerusalem it is
time to officially recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel and you know
what happened nothing no war broke out
I'm sure the terrorist group Hamas
called for an uprising against Israel
but they say that every day that's their
terrorist job description there was some
small-scale riding for the benefit of
the cameras in the Palestinian city of
Ramallah and there were some street
protests in Iran and in its colony Syria
but those were very small and clearly
orchestrated they don't have freedom of
assembly in those countries and that's
pretty much it most Arab leaders were
pretty quiet a few warned Trump that it
could raise tensions that's really it
frankly the most extreme reactions were
amongst liberals in the West who were
just appalled that Trump didn't listen
to their advice to continue to appease
terrorists I actually think the left is
sort of disappointed that there hasn't
been a war or a massive Intifada
uprising as a result so they could say I
told you so it's the opposite everyone
who is being so afraid of moving the
embassy to Jerusalem for so long
suddenly looks pretty foolish and Donald
Trump looks bold and confident and
strong and like his word means something
when he makes a foreign policy promise
look in 2017 Arab leaders have other
more important things to worry about
than listening to the gangsters who run
the PLO they're worried about Isis even
though its so-called state is
obliterated it's still conducting
terrorist attacks around the world
that's a
threats so is Iran's nuclear ambitions
so is the price of oil which is too low
for the likes of many OPEC countries my
point is there are bigger issues afoot
than where Donald Trump builds an office
for his diplomats in Israel's and nobody
really thinks that a peace deal with the
Palestinians is imminent and that this
will somehow knock it off a sense of
negotiation track
I think people aren't that naive anymore
so it worked and almost immediately
another country followed suit a small
country but still Vanuatu announced its
plans to move its embassy to Jerusalem
to tiny country but it has one vote at
the UN right oh and look at this here
are two more countries considering
following suit the Czech Republic and
the Philippines there's ten and a half
million people the Czech Republic a
hundred and three million people in the
Philippines so now we're really cooking
our way it wouldn't surprise me if other
Eastern European countries move their
embassies to maybe Hungary Austria
Poland and it wouldn't surprise me if
India made the same decision India and
Israel are getting closer
both are democracies in dangerous
neighborhoods both deal with Islamic
terrorism and India's case mainly from
Pakistan but even if no other countries
followed suit isn't just the right thing
for Canada to do I mean don't we believe
that Israel is a democracy and if it
chooses its capital city who are we to
say otherwise
why would we split the difference with
the terrorist group why would we reward
violence or the threat of violence just
morally speaking isn't Israel an ally
sharing our values but aside the Jewish
thing it's just a little democracy
sounded surrounded by enemies shouldn't
we stand by it for that reason alone now
obviously that's not gonna happen under
Justin Trudeau's he's the pro Isis prime
minister that's literally welcoming back
Isis terrorists to Canada giving them
poetry and art classes he won't even
take away their citizenship as you know
before Trudeau was even sworn in as
Prime Minister he announced he was going
to pull out Canada's cf-18s from the war
against Isis and you probably know
Trudeau's parliamentary secretary for
Foreign Affairs and consular duties is
Omar algebra who used to be the
president of the Canadian Aero
Federation they are an extremist group
that actually called for the legal
nation of terrorists like Hamas and
Hezbollah he hates Israel he literally
called for boycotts of Israel he D
legitimizes Israel as a country and he's
true to his right-hand man when it comes
to getting out the Muslim vote so ya
know Canada is not gonna follow Trump's
footsteps
I mean Trudeau wouldn't follow Trump's
footsteps on anything he viscerally
hates the man but on Israel never ok
fine but what about the conservative
leader Andrew sheer sheer says he
supports Israel and I think he does his
caucus does most of them served under
Stephen Harper who was probably the most
pro-israel leader in the world
Harper merely reflected Canadian values
though we support democracies we don't
split the difference with terrorists we
don't accept anti-semitism even if it
calls itself something else like
anti-zionism Harper was great so what's
up with the party a Harper the party of
pro-israel where are they well here's a
troubling headline in the National Post
conservatives won't say whether or not
Jerusalem should be recognized as
Israel's capital and let me read some
more while the US decision is currently
driving the conversation Aaron O'Toole
said he wants to take a more thoughtful
approach at Aaron O'Toole is the Foreign
Affairs critic for the Conservatives a
more thoughtful approach isn't is it
thoughtless to move an embassy to a
capital city is there a lot more
thinking that you need to do about this
how much time you need to think about it
because Israel's capital city has always
been Jerusalem since ancient times and
also since its founding as a modern
state in 1948 that's almost 70 years ago
so so what's really going on here and
who is making this decision the caucus
as a whole
O'Toole or Shearer I think it's a good
idea to involve the caucus and for the
Foreign Affairs critic to have input but
at the end of the day the leader needs
to lead what will Andrew shears decision
be I think I know I think he will be
risk-averse he's not really used to
tough political fights for a decade he
was the Speaker of the House of Commons
a nonpartisan friend to all
he doesn't like fighting against the
media he's like the Cowardly Lion from
The Wizard of Oz who needs courage
so right now he's not saying he would
move the embassy he's not saying he
wouldn't fact he's not saying anything
he's bravely letting Aaron OH - we'll do
the talking so in other words and your
shear is not going to move the embassy
how do you feel about that I mean if the
guy won't make tough decisions now in
opposition how could he possibly make
those tough decisions if he becomes
prime minister I was thinking let's get
a petition together at a press Justin
Trudeau to support moving our embassy to
Jerusalem but that's clearly a waste of
time Trudeau doesn't like Israel much
and whatever he feels about Israel is
surely eclipsed by his political
alliance with Islam but what if we had a
petition asking conservatives to press
Andrew Shearer to adopt the policy of
moving the embassy to Israel I think she
needs a push he needs to be reminded of
what the party thinks remember he was
hardly a popular or even a well-known
candidate to win the conservative
leadership on the first ballot he didn't
even get 22% of the vote
it took him 13 rounds of voting to
gradually inch his way to first place he
won the thing 51 to 49 landslide Andrew
he's already reversed some of his
campaign promises on global warming on
free speech on universities he's silent
on open borders about islamification I
think he's a bit of a Cowardly Lion but
I don't think that's the nature of
conservatives in Canada what do you
think I think Andrew Shearer could show
some spine here I think that would
probably get a more votes than just
being liberal light obeying the CBC if
you agree with me please sign our
petition and move the embassy dot CA
it's a simple petition it just says the
Conservative Party should declare that
it will move canada's embassy to the
capital city of israel jerusalem look i
know why hamas doesn't like the idea i
know why justin trudeau doesn't like the
idea but what's andrew shears excuse
visit move the embassy dot CA and we
will deliver the petition to end russia
r zh' office before christmas
visit move the embassy dot CA and tell
Andrew Shearer to grow a spine on Israel
you
