check out this nice festive photo making
the rounds from General Motors it
depicts a Swank Chevrolet Suburban in a
farmer's field and what's that on the
roof of the Chevy you ask a Christmas
tree nope
turns out that even the general is
beholden to mind-numbing political
correctness these days because the
vegetation occupying the SUV's rooftop
is apparently a holiday tree that's
right a holiday tree how odd the trendy
buzzwords these days tend to be
inclusivity and diversity except of
course if applying inclusivity and
diversity comes to including
Christianity the war on Christmas has
been raging for years now Christmas is
the new c-word like Voldemort from the
Harry Potter series Christmas is the
holy day whose name we dare not speak
it's out of the schools that's out of
many workplaces it has certainly been
almost totally expunged from advertising
and marketing materials and just check
out the GM spokesman on his tips for
securing a Christmas oops I mean a
holiday tree to the roof of your vehicle
hi I'm Joe from Chevy and we're here to
talk to you about how to transport your
holiday tree home you know what Joe I'm
calling BS here I think that when the
video camera isn't running there's no
way you're calling that thing a holiday
tree in fact I'd bet Santa's sack that
you and everyone in your family calls
that thing a Christmas tree look I get
it but don't like it that Christmas has
to be referred to as the holidays these
days by the PC thought squad ostensibly
because there are other holidays around
this time of year those would include
Hanukkah which my Jewish friends tell me
is very much a b-list holiday in Judaism
when compared to the big three of
Passover Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur
and of course there's Kwanzaa yeah
that's the fake African harvest festival
that was invented by an ex-con and is
something that is Nev
celebrated in Africa but here's the rub
of the matter lumping Christmas in with
everything else and calling this time of
year the holidays is one thing but it's
quite another thing to take a proper
term such as Christmas tree and rebrand
it as a holiday tree a descriptor I've
never heard anyone utter in my lifetime
put another way surely nobody would be
so idiotic to refer to the Hanukkah
menorah as the festive candle holder and
why would you those words are
meaningless now I did reach out to the
GM spokeswoman Cady MN behind the
release entitled Chevrolet's top tips
for transporting your holiday tree I
asked her simply what is a holiday tree
her answer a holiday tree is the same as
a Christmas tree however it may not be
used for Christmas specific decorations
hope this helps but that made me even
more confused so I asked Katie a
follow-up question namely I'm just
curious what faith group would use a
Christmas evergreen tree for non
Christmas decorations I thought a
Christmas tree was very much a Christian
sort of thing
so I've never come across holiday trees
before also I may be going out on a limb
here but when the vast majority of
evergreen trees being decorated around
this time of year be Christmas trees as
opposed to holiday trees and if that is
indeed the case why would GM choose to
use holiday tree rather than Christmas
tree in your communications given the
proliferation of Christmas trees versus
holidays trees and Katie's response was
the following you're correct in that the
most common use of evergreen trees this
time of year is for Christmas however
there are also instances of people
decorating trees for other holidays in
December such as Hanukkah really
what's more folks I think there was
another point to be made here who are
these people
we are allegedly protecting from being
offended by words pertaining to
Christmas time because I don't think the
vast majority of non-christians are
insulted by calling Christmas stuff like
Christmas trees Christmas tree
indeed it brings to mind a front page
National Post story several years ago it
pertained to a leaked internal memo
issued by the gap chain the memo told
its employees to avoid using the phrase
Merry Christmas when dealing with
customers well I went into a Gap store
to see how this would pan out I bought a
shirt and the clerk ringing up the
purchase wish me a Merry Christmas I
couldn't believe my ears I asked them
say aren't you supposed to avoid using
that sort of language and he replied yes
sir but this is indeed Christmas time
now here's the kicker folks that gap
employee I dealt with he was Muslim so
as we continue to take the Christmas out
of Christmas
once again I pose this question just who
is behind this and why is it being done
in the first place for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's Wade Menzies
hey folks the rebel has an all new line
up please visit the rebel dot media
slash shows and check it out
you
