obviously this tax in Alberta not even a
kooky leftist would say it's changed the
weather this is really just another tax
to fill up the spending power of an NDP
government am i right I think that's
fair yeah I mean if you look at it it's
a huge huge cash grab and it's it's come
at the worst possible time to I mean I
think you mentioned it at the beginning
Albert has gone through a recession over
the past couple of years where it seems
like we're coming out of it but there's
still a very very high unemployment rate
in this province and there have been a
number of businesses that have shot down
and they've had noted quite clearly that
government policies like the carbon tax
have just layered on more cost it can't
handle it so they close the doors and
they they unfortunately had to lay
people off at the same time yeah and the
thing is there are some rebates that the
government has engineered mainly for
massive emitters and I recall when for
the largest oil sands companies went on
stage with Rachel Notley to announce his
carbon tax I was shocked shell Synovus
Canadian natural I thought what are they
doing they're gonna be hammered the
hardest well no they got their lobbyists
deal so they actually will wind out wind
up neutral here it's gonna be small
businesses and ordinary people who bear
the burden here am i right Colin yeah
for the most part it is the smaller
consumers the smaller businesses that
are feeling the impact and the
government says well you know they
produce the small business tax and so
business small businesses should be
happy and you know it was a good
decision to reduce the small business
tax that's good but the bottom line is
that if your business that's struggling
and you're not making any money you're
not paying the bit small business income
tax rate so it doesn't help you give
what the government has done is they've
just layer it on another cost and like I
say I mean it's come at the worst
possible time I mean we've heard from a
lot of businesses that are struggling
we've heard from a lot of families that
are struggling like you said it's the
government's offering some rebates but
for a lot of people it doesn't help
because if you're a rural Alberta and
you have to drive a long distance well
guess what you're gonna pay a ton in
carbon tax and you're not gonna get that
money back from rebates
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
