while Washington DC seems to be
embroiled in multiple sex scandals with
Democrats resigning almost a daily
occurrence let's take a closer look at
the real political scandal that's been
brewing this past year and no I'm not
talking about Russian collusion but the
Obama administration's alleged spying on
their political opponents involved in
the Trump campaign and Trump transition
team let's quickly refresh what we
already know fusion GPS is a political
consulting firm run by two former Wall
Street Journal reporters who the Hillary
Clinton campaign and the Democratic
National Committee paid to compile the
fake news Trump dossier you know the one
that BuzzFeed published with all those
salacious and false stories about the
president and what he did in a hotel
room in Russia that the Obamas allegedly
previously stayed in the dossier was
compiled by Christopher Steele a former
British spy who used unverified Kremlin
sources to complete the dossier well if
you recall President Trump without this
widely mocked tweet on March 7th quote
terrible just found out that Obama had
my wires tapped in Trump Tower just
before the victory nothing found this is
McCarthyism unquote what we now know
nine months to the day after that tweet
is in his final days in office President
Obama signed three executive orders that
allowed the intelligence community
greater ability to share information we
also know that the fake news steel
dossier was used by the FBI to further
their investigation into the Trump
transition officials including Carter
Page as both CNN and The Washington Post
reported back in April now according to
The Washington Times just this week
Blackwater founder and short-lived Trump
paint campaign adviser Erik Prince told
the House Intelligence Committee that he
was put under illegal surveillance by
the Obama administration during its
final days and all of this is part of
the same investigation triggered by that
fake news dossier so with at least two
US citizens under investigation and
placed under surveillance who were
involved in the Trump transition or
Trump campaign
the FBI has still not explained to
anyone
nobody why or if they paid for this
steel dossier now new FBI director
Christopher Rea was just on the hill in
front of committee today so just watch
as Ray tries to explain to Florida
congressman Ron De Santis why he won't
reveal why or hound the FBI used that
dossier there are some topics where even
though the information is classified we
can and do and will share with the
committee's in an appropriate setting
and then there are some topics that goes
straight to even it's not just a
question of classification that goes
straight to access to sensitive sources
and methods which is something that all
of us as Americans have to take very
very serious air mman of the
Intelligence Committee has a right to
that and you still you won't even
produce it to the chairman of the
Intelligence Committee so here's the
problem
whether stroke was involved in this that
needs to be disclosed to Congress
whether the dossier was used to generate
surveillance with the FISA Court on a
trump associate that needs to be
disclosed to Congress I don't care about
the sources of methods BAM we know where
the sources and methods it was the
Democratic Party pay infusion GPS to get
the the dossier so we know that the
question is how did your organization
use it
you weren't there during that time but
if they were getting this information
from a political party and then using it
for surveillance against an opposition
party candidate that's a problem do you
agree that that would be a problem for
the American people i I do agree
congressman that any inappropriate use
of the FISA process for political
purposes is something that we should all
be very concerned about and take very
serious so we need the answers to that
it's very very important it's hard to
know if Ray is going to clean up what we
now know to be serious bias within the
top levels of the FBI and those who are
heavily involved in not only Special
Counsel Muller's Russia probe and the
FBI's own Russia probe but also the
Clinton email investigation our own John
Cardillo has reported on just how
corrupt both the Special Counsel
investigation and the FBI look at this
very moment something that is well worth
the watch if you have the chance so
right now as we see it the only hope is
that
maybe some of these Republican members
of Congress like DeSantis like trey
Gowdy and Intelligence Committee
Chairman Devin Nunez to get to the
bottom of all of this Nunez has been
using his subpoena power to compel the
FBI and the Justice Department to reveal
their motives why did they launched this
Trump Russia investigation to begin with
and what if any role did that fake new
steel dossier have in that investigation
and the surveilling of American citizens
citizens through FISA warrants the
investigation was launched in July of
2016 by the Obama administration and
still nearly a year and a half later we
have no solid evidence of Russian
collusion with the Trump campaign but
what we do have is plenty of evidence
that the Democrats spied and surveilled
their political opponents and the
special counsel and FBI are becoming so
partisan and maybe even corrupted by
anti-trump pro-clinton sentiments right
at the top for the rebel media I'm
Christopher Wilson you just can't rely
on the fake news media to give you the
truth about the Russia investigation or
the FBI paying for that steel dossier so
make sure you click Subscribe on revel
media's YouTube channel never miss an
update
you
