president Donald Trump won big Lee on
immigration this week and the left is
losing its collective mind yesterday the
Supreme Court announced its ruling that
it was upholding Donald Trump's travel
ban and extreme vetting policies the
left is losing it I was reading stories
from Reuters from the New York Times
from CNN they're beside themselves and
even worse the vote was 7 to 2 in favor
of upholding the constitutionality of
the ban and slapping down the activists
lower courts Obama's friend the judge in
Hawaii the Ninth Circuit liberal Ninth
Circuit liberal Fourth Circuit this was
a massive win now the left is trying to
make it seem like Trump is trying to ban
every Muslim the countries affected by
the ban and I know how many people
you've met from these countries walking
around your neighborhood or Chad Iran
Libya Somalia Syria and Yemen
not exactly vacation spots not exactly
places you want to eat the kids
it's a big win even elena kagan and
stephen breyer to reliable liberal votes
voted to uphold the ban because the ban
is constitutional there's case law on
his law on the books on this it's in the
US code I'm gonna read you the US Code
section a little bit later on in the
segment now the ban of course was
challenged by the state of Hawaii
Obama's home where his buddy the judge
tried to unconstitutionally break it
down and by the ACLU the ACLU is crying
they only reject code from the ACLU in a
Reuters piece boat president Trump's
anti-muslim prejudice is no secret he
has repeatedly confirmed it including
just last week on Twitter ACLU lawyer
Paul more yet wat said that Trump
tweeted three videos code Muslims
beating up disabled people busting up
statues of the Virgin Mary says left
doesn't like when video is used to
debunk their false narrative we're
seeing that now and local law
enforcement black lives matter in groups
like them also now hate these body cams
because they debunked the narrative but
let's stick with immigration there's
video of Muslims doing this thing
there's video of Muslims from some of
these countries doing these things
Donald Trump's ban was more than right
it was needed to protect Americans we
see the rape crisis in Sweden we see
what's happening in Britain we see
what's happening in France we see with
happening in Germany we see what's
happening to all the EU countries pretty
much except Poland that aren't sealing
their borders and worrying about their
own first that are bringing in these
Muslim migrants at least rapists these
criminals and of course Reuters
predictably really really upset the ban
also covers people from North Korea and
government government officials in
Venezuela but that provision was already
upheld that wasn't argued before the
Supreme Court a lot of information on
this I'm going through and tried to give
you the bullet point now the Supreme
Court said the ban will stay in effect
regardless of what the appeals courts
rule because the Ninth Circuit and the
Fourth Circuit are about to hear the
challenges for this from the ACLU in
Virginia and the hawaii state of hawaii
up in the ninth circuit ACL u--'s
virginia challenge will be held in the
Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals the
Hawaii challenge in the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals but you know what and
they're gonna hear this challenge is
actually the
tomorrow the ninth circle here the
challenge is tomorrow in Seattle and the
fourth circuit will hear them in
Richmond it won't matter
bringing court already ruled it's the
law of the land this is just a bunch of
liberals having a hissy fit they're
hysterical because the band was put into
place now what I love even more is the
acting chief of the US Immigration and
Customs Enforcement Tom Hogan Thomas a
home in I'm sorry Tom Holman has been
around a long time this guy started
under Reagan you people know more about
border security policy than Thomas
Holman universally well-respected in law
enforcement community let me read you
what he said about Donald Trump quote
this president has done more for border
security and public safety than any of
the six presidents I worked for he
worked for Obama he worked for Clinton
he's not a partisan guy this guy is a
cop who cares about protecting Americans
not agenda-driven he's not politically
driven he goes on to say just since his
leadership in January border crossings
ready 45 year low now that's not a
coincidence he's that's because this
president has let the men and women of
border patrol and ice do their job he's
right look anecdotally I've got a very
good friend down here in South Florida
who's a deportation supervisor for ice
he said to me at dinner
not long ago business has never been
better he's swamped he's the guy who
actually drives the illegals to the
airport and waves goodbye as they get on
the plane and he said they are just
hacked their holding facilities their
cells their parole offices are simply
packed because Trump is letting the
rank-and-file agents do their job and
that's all he's doing
he's not giving down directives he's not
being heavy-handed he's just simply
telling him men and women of ice and
Border Patrol hey you have a mission go
do it now Holman goes on to say that
actually in 2016 June 2016 home and
testified that deportation numbers were
not down because there was no one at
deport but because the Obama
administration had an opposition to
carrying them out the Obama
administration wouldn't let the agents
apprehend and deport the suspects during
the Trump administration's first 100
days more than more than 41
and illegal immigrants were arrested
this is exactly why Americans voted for
Donald Trump this is outstanding public
safety but it never should have gone at
the Supreme Court it never should have
gone to the Supreme Court because there
is law there's established law on this
there's there's multiple multiple
statutes as case law and now there's
Supreme Court precedent but let me read
you a very simple one eight US Code 1182
14 F suspension of entry or imposition
of restrictions by President whenever
the president finds that the entry of
any aliens or any class of aliens into
the United States would be detrimental
to the interests of the United States he
may by Proclamation and for such period
as he shall be necessary to spend the
entry of all aliens or any class of
aliens as immigrants are non immigrants
or impose on the entry of aliens any
restrictions he may deem to be
appropriate it doesn't get any more
absolute than that in short the power to
decide who is and isn't allowed into
this country rests with the President of
the United States Supreme Court saw that
even liberals Elena Kagan and Stephen
Breyer saw that they voted appropriately
travel ban is now the law of the land
next stop expanding it to many many more
nations help me keep bringing you this
really interesting content please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.ablenetinc.com
you
