Newfoundland and Labrador schools will
no longer be participating in Operation
Christmas Child shoebox program because
those same schools think Samaritan's
Purse is some sort of homophobic
organization Operation Christmas Child
is a project of the nondenominational
Christian charity Samaritan's Purse
headed by Franklin Graham and he's the
son of America's pastor Billy Graham now
Operation Christmas Child started way
back in 1990 and in 1993 it came under
the umbrella of Samaritan's Purse as far
as Christian charities go it's as
mainstream as it gets and Operation
Christmas Child is a neat little program
that a lot of schools and churches all
over the world participate in shoe boxes
are filled with hygiene items school
supplies small toys and books these
shoeboxes are then sent to children in
need in the developing world in war-torn
countries and in places stricken by
hunger disease and even famine now
here's the most important part the
shoeboxes are given to children
regardless of gender race or religion
remember this for later we're going to
talk about it again
according to Samaritan's Purse Operation
Christmas Child has distributed over 135
million shoeboxes worldwide in 2016
Canadians alone donated six hundred and
sixty four thousand shoeboxes I love
this program it serves two purposes not
only does it provide much-needed
supplies to children desperately in need
but it reminds those same children that
they're not forgotten that someone half
a world away who has never met them and
never will still cares about them in
fact when they were in northern Iraq
helping Christians our rebel team saw a
box from Operation Christmas Child in
one of the churches they were touring
those are the kinds of children
Operation Christmas Child helps every
single year now who could possibly be
against Operation Christmas Child
well the Newfoundland and Labrador
English school district is
they oversee 259 schools with 67,000
students and they've recently terminated
their participation in Operation
Christmas Child because well I guess
because Samaritan's Purse
is an advise a ssin Samaritan's Purse
makes its volunteers sign a statement of
faith affirming their beliefs are in
line with the infallible Word of God
for example Samaritan's Purse believes
that human sexuality should be expressed
within the context of a marriage
Samaritan's Purse also believes in the
traditional definition of marriage and
that life begins at conception the
school district CEO Tony stack told the
CBC this organization is on record with
its statement of beliefs that requires
its coordinating volunteers to sign
statements of faith that are in direct
conflict with our inclusive philosophy
particularly as it pertains to the LGBT
community it's funny these people always
use the word inclusive but they don't
really know what that word means because
in their quest to be inclusive the
school division is expressing a lot of
anti-christian bigotry that Christians
can't possibly help people in need if
they are in fact Christian this morning
I fired off an email to that same man
Tony stack I had a few questions I
wanted answers that I didn't see him
answering in other media reports for
example I wanted to know if a complaint
actually came from the parent of a child
who had participated in this program or
was this strictly a board driven
busybody decision to virtue signal about
their own tolerance but were the number
of complaints and who made these
particular complaints I asked this
because I didn't see where it's being
reported that anybody ever claimed a
complaint was even made about Operation
Christmas Child to the school district
itself I also wanted to know what the
school board plans to do instead of
Operation Christmas Child that will be
equally as impactful for these same
suffering children half a world away if
I ever hear back from Tony stack I'll
let you know
but in
meantime let's all call this what it
really is little kids in war-torn famine
and poverty stricken places in the third
world will get nothing no small but
meaningful reminder that someone anyone
cares about them because the
anti-christian bigots at the English
school district are intolerant toward
the beliefs held by evangelical
Christians to put it another way the
activist decision-makers at the English
school district can't put aside their
own discomfort about evangelical
Christians to ease the suffering of a
child if just for a day and those
evangelical Christians a school district
is calling homophobic while they help
everyone remember I told you that
Samaritan's Purse gives shoeboxes to
every child that they can regardless of
their religion race or gender in
northern Iraq Samaritan's Purse treats
Christians and Muslims and Yazidis in
the same field hospitals they don't
check for religious or political
affiliations at the door likewise when
Samaritan's Purse was on the ground in
Houston they certainly weren't turning
Democrat voters away when they were
rendering aid and offering hurricane
relief there because unlike the English
School District Board Samaritan's Purse
is called by their religious faith to
help everyone in need the English school
district board only wants suffering
children to be helped by people with
political and religious beliefs that
they agree with and if children suffer
in the meantime well that's just the
cost of social justice I guess the
Newfoundland and Labrador English school
district is so caught up in the throws
of social justice activism that they are
placing the hurt feelings of privileged
first world activists over the real
needs of starving and impoverished
children in the developing world it's
awful now if I ever get a response back
to my email to the school district and
when and if I receive more information
about this story I promise
I'll update you and let you know and
next year I'm packing two shoeboxes one
for myself and one for
the Newfoundland and Labrador English
school district director of Education
Tony stack for the rebel dot media
I'm Sheila Gunn read at the rebel thanks
to your generosity we've been able to
raise nearly a quarter of a million
dollars to help save Christians in
northern Iraq now it's the Christmas
season and many of those same Christians
don't have churches left to worship the
birth of Christ in to help in our
humanitarian efforts go to save the
Christians calm
you
