I want to talk a little about the
unconscious now the concept has probably
been ridiculed in psychology circles
especially psychoanalysis which is all
about how our unconscious our primitive
instincts and drives determined so much
of our behavior now you've heard
probably and had a laugh of say Freud's
theories like penis envy and the eatable
complex but those theories relate to the
unconscious are making a comeback but
it's happening through human resources
departments and into the workplace the
idea of unconscious bias comes from
American social psychology departments
almost 20 years ago it's basically a
therapy sounding term for prejudice its
focus was automatic negative judgments
made against Blacks well-known studies
include the greater difficulty that
resumes with ethnic sounding names had
in securing interviews programs teaching
it to workers have swept the corporate
world making it an eight billion dollar
industry in America anti discrimination
campaigners campaigns like it they can
replace the emotional language of racism
or sexism with the cooler business
friendly rhetoric for valuing workplace
diversity but I hate to break it the
theory is mostly wrong particularly when
it comes to predicting behavior
professor Philip tetlock of the famed
Wharton Business School says says of
this theory that there's never been a
more psycho psychological construct
that's been so popular yet so most
misunderstood and lacking in
psychological payoff the Australian
government has a behavioral economics
team that applied the resume resume test
with public sector workers this year
guess the bias they found it was the
exact opposite to what the theory of
unconscious bias teaches instead of
favoring white males the workers favored
minority groups and females even the
test creators psychologists banaji and
Greenwald admit that its findings
haven't even been validated properly
before caught fire in the public and in
the workplace this there is a great
example of questionable science being
elevated as sacred because its findings
are politically attractive it's
intuitively satisfying and a way for
corporate leaders to signal that they're
serious about redressing inequalities
it's also difficult to argue against
something we're told we're not even
aware of the CEO of JB where Australia
Justin Khurana said unconscious bias was
a reason to bring in more quotas to
ensure there were more women in finance
for example lawyers representatives in
Australia gave the issue front cover
status in a recent journal to its
members telling the country's lawyers
that that it was the main reason for the
poor representation of women and ethnic
groups at the top of the best law firms
look these are initiatives are good
intentioned it makes sense that
countries like Australia or Canada with
their skilled english-speaking and
multicultural workforce have advantages
in the global economy especially in
engaging with the asia-pacific for
example no doubt more can be done in
representing women and minority groups
at senior levels but promoting
unconscious bias with a religious
fervour is misguided and misses some of
its more sinister undercurrents the
ideas ridden assumptions that a lack of
ethnic or gender representation at all
organizational levels is caused by
institutional discrimination that a
person's group membership determines
their outlook and that current measures
of merit are made by and for white males
it says it's all as automatons to unseen
power structures and undermines the
application of Reason in decision-making
its anti-western in many respects
because the theories are a veiled form
of contempt for the individual but this
is not easy it's not easy speaking out
about ideas that carry a feel-good
quality just ask the fired Google
executive James d'amour who dared to
suggest the possibility of biological
differences between the sexes being a
factor in
technical aptitudes for computing what
sustains movements around diversity and
programs relate to race and gender or
what economists team or Kanaan calls
preference falsification this refers to
the social pressure that's applied to
have people publicly praised ideas which
they privately disagree with underground
resentment will grow when seen in
combination with trends of sake concept
creep which is about how the definition
of terms like prejudice abuse or
violence keep getting diluted a good
example in Australia is the growth of
terms like casual racism or casual
sexism the measures of which are pretty
weak the risk is a greater hyper
sensitivity in the workplace intense
linguistic policing and accusations of
your inappropriate behavior becoming a
growing weapon against rivals I do think
we can better incorporate math
psychology in the irrational into how we
think about human behavior but while
there are structural and cultural
barrier barriers influencing inequality
the answers don't lie in our unconscious
if you like this video please subscribe
to revel media
you
