barely a week goes by in which yet
another male celebrity or politician
isn't outed for sexual harassment
so naturally the conclusion one must
draw at least according to a New York
Times calmness is that being an abuser
is an inherently male thing whatever
happened to that old chestnut of not
judging an entire group based upon the
actions of a few
so in the context of Weinstein Cosby
Spacey etc etc etc Steve Marsh penned a
whopper of a column in the New York
Times recently here's the crux quote
acknowledging the brutality of male
libido is not of course some kind of
excuse Sigmund Freud recognized the it'd
and knew it as a chaos a cauldron full
of seething excitations but the point of
Freud was not that boys will be boys
rather the opposite the idea of the
Oedipus complex contained an implicit
case for the requirements of strenuous
repression if you let boys be boys they
will murder their fathers and sleep with
their mothers end quote
oh how jolly then again Marsh is a male
calmest who seems to buy into the
radical feminist agenda that all males
are or have the potential to be rapist
in fact after dining out on Freud Marsh
goes on to champion the paragon of
feminist wisdom Andrea Dworkin quote for
most of history we've taken for granted
the implicit brutality of male sexuality
in 1976 the radical feminists and
pornography opponent Andrea Dworkin said
that the only sex between a man and a
woman that could be undertaken without
violence was sex with a flaccid penis I
think that men will have to give up
their precious erections
she wrote end quote speaking of flaccid
do you know what Marsh goes out to do a
bit of virtue signaling in what seems to
be an attempt to separate himself from
the great unwashed herd a potential male
sex offenders quote I live in Toronto a
liberal city in a liberal country with
Justin Trudeau for prime minister a half
female cabinet and an explicitly
feminist foreign policy end quote
as for the ongoing sad parade of
celebrity sex offenders Marsh goes on to
lament that quote men arrive at this
moment of reckoning woefully unprepared
most are shocked by the reality of
women's lived-experience end quote
no Steve the reason most men are shocked
to hear about the abuse of women is that
the vast majority of the 3.8 billion men
on the planet don't govern themselves
along the lines of Franken and Weinstein
and all the rest the vast majority of
fathers and grandfathers and brothers
and uncles and sons are not and never
will be sex offenders you can't judge an
entire group based on the actions of the
ones and twos who carry out egregious
acts gee isn't that what you
progressives have always preached or
does the narrative somehow suddenly
change when it comes to the politically
correct blame game of male bashing for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks the Breville has an
all-new fall lineup please visit the
rebel dot media slash shows and check it
out
