Kurt Richter is joining me to discuss
the miscarriage of justice in the Kate
Steinle murder trial and this bogus
charge against General Mike Flynn
joining me now is social satirist
extraordinaire and a trial lawyer in
California because I really need to talk
about this asinine Kate Steinle verdict
mr. Kirk Schlichter Kurt I looked at
this verdict last night and I was
incredulous I was out at a dinner
meeting my mind was blown and it seems
to me and I'm gonna come right out and
say it like the prosecution threw the
case like there are political factors at
work that caused the prosecutors in San
Francisco to go light on this guy they
hardly what I'm hearing they didn't even
bring her name up or hardly brought up
Kate Steinle name in their closing
arguments they didn't bring up illegal
immigration the jury wasn't allowed to
know about his violent criminal history
what the hell is going on in California
yeah really a normal American that's
what it was yeah I said that this
morning to someone here at the rebel yep
yep how do you lose a case where you've
got a illegal alien it's the gun and you
probably can about six hours have you
ever seen us since our spontaneously
my duty gun with a Sig Sauer p226 I have
I have extensive experience with Sig
Sauer pistol actually I collect them I
own nine of them it is a is a double
action initial trigger pull it is
impossible for that gun to go off you
have to if any of you want if that gun
if you want the lighter trigger pull you
know how this works you're in the
military you have to cock that trigger
that hammer and you have to engage that
trigger six hours have internal
redundant safeties that prevent even if
that hammer is cocked prevent the gun
from going off accidentally if it's
bumped or drop so the entire case was
bogus and I don't think the prosecution
entered any of that into evidence no and
you've got the you know never trunk crew
I read one article from
but you know trying to explain how you
know six hours are responsible for uh
you know uh negligent discharge because
you know there's been ten in New York
over five years and I'm thinking let's
see ten thousand cops over five years
and there's ten negligent discharges
that's pretty good rate not only that
can I just tell you the key is negligent
right not only that that's human that's
human error
yeah that's human error because I'm play
ever I'll tell you a quick side story
when I left the NYPD
I sent my gun to say the NYPD takes guns
from sig sauer and they convert them to
double action only and they put in a
mainspring that makes the trigger pole
pretty much impossible or a small guy or
a woman when I sent my gun back to sig
sauer to have it we converted back to
the way it was intended to be my trigger
pole was fourteen and a half pounds that
gun wasn't going off accidentally no no
all right but what do you think look
look this had to be the prosecution not
providing in a presenting and aggressive
case I mean this guy had a public
defender he's a dirt poor criminal
illegal alien he's got a public defender
though I think it's twofold I think you
had a prosecution that wasn't aggressive
and you had a jury in San Francisco
right that was given a big middle finger
to America I don't think they would have
convicted this guy if there was video no
they they wouldn't look I I grew up next
to San Francisco my mom was a district
attorney and a judge in the county next
to San Francisco no one is second to my
contempt for San Francisco's DA's yeah
they're a bunch of political hacks and
there's just and I have no doubt that
they are delighted now legally legally
what can the DOJ do here right double
jeopardy apply so they can't try them
for murder no they can't run for murder
and I'm not a big fan of the DOJ coming
in after a stay cool I neither might try
somebody I I think that you know I'm not
willing to throw a double jeopardy out
the window for this piece of human
debris yeah I'm not a big fan of those
second bites at the Apple myself I think
they fly in the face of the way our
systems intended to be but there's got
to be something done for the guy
multiple-- violating our immigration
laws multiple
and he can't just skate on that let's
guy can't we'll just walk around now and
if we deport him he's gonna be treated
as a hero in Mexico well of course he is
if any good comes out of this nightmare
its first of all the clarification of
what liberals think of us our lives are
meaningless to know that our deaths are
acceptable collateral damage in their
quest to create an electorate that's
more amenable to progressive fascism
rightward they don't like normal
Americans so they want to import a
replacement electron it's just that
simple
but but you're right you were saying
that that be if there's a silver lining
in a really dark cloud it's that this
this will ultimately crush the left
narrative on-dock on the dreamers and I
would hope I would hope we could get
meaningful immigration legislation
passed and by that I mean building a
wall and if I had it my way creating a
federal deportation force that isn't
gonna happen though when you still got
Jeff Flake John McCain bob Corker and
all these guys that are leaving when you
still got them sitting there for another
year
they're not gonna go in there they're
gonna they're gonna go hard left now in
the other direction of course I mean
right now we're you know it's corker and
flake and we're about to stop tax or yes
they are buzz because they're there
they're angry at Trump their future oh
yeah yeah you know I keep hearing about
conservative principles from these
Everett Trump guys and then it always
turns out that the conservative
principle is to have a teenage girl
hissy fit yeah cuz Trump was mean to you
and inside when the Democrats really
really the Democrats principle yeah but
but it's interesting you bring that up
right because we will switch gears now
and talk about another trending story
and that's the apparent and imminent
might be happening as we speak
plea deal that Mike Flynn is supposedly
going to make on the one charge of lying
to federal investigators now the the
crux of this thing is that he claimed he
didn't discuss sanctions with kiss Lee
act the Russian ambassador I believe
that's who was on the other end of the
phone the FBI said well they had wires
up they were up on the conversations and
the conversations indicated he did know
I was told by a very very good source
this morning
that there was not consensus among the
agents but Andrew McCabe pushed have
Flynn prosecuted and mccabe in
mccabe-grey and hate each other McCabe
and Muller are tight the entire thing
stinks but it seems very political as
well why dropped the story why dropped
the plea deal and scheduled a hearing on
the heels of Kate Steinle on of this
terrible verdict on the heels of the Dow
hitting 24,000 and on tax reform
possibly passing but for Corcoran flake
that sure seems political to me well
everything about this charade is
political this is another Scooter Libby
Martha Stewart there was nothing there
murder Libya they managed to get a walk
yeah they actually get they managed to
get somebody you know maybe life this is
why you never talk to the FBI you don't
grow to the ecology app for your lawyer
it happens every single time you don't
do something you're innocent and then
you say something and it gets twisted
into a lie and suddenly you're jammed up
on this don't talk to the FBI what we
hear I'm not a lawyer
right I'm not a lawyer but here's the
way I see this Mike Flynn was tasked
with being the national security adviser
to me and maybe I'm completely ignorant
I thought I was pretty well-versed on
this stuff wouldn't the National
Security Advisor elect be the guy who
would call the Russian ambassador and
discuss what the policies might be why
is that even remotely improper from a
legal standpoint wouldn't that be his
job yeah that's what I'm saying why you
ain't bi why even question him on that
that's my point they know they can't get
you anything else they want you to say
something that they can make a lie and
then they got and that's the thing right
I mean beat these people Glenn and
Papadopoulos are pleading guilty to
charges that would never have been
crimes had Muller not been appointed
they committed no crimes in the real
world they only committed crimes in
Muller's little special counsel bubble
that is why I despise special counsels I
mean why have a Department of Justice
with a jet fighter fired Muller months
months ago and why do we have a deal Jay
Muller is now the shadow AG unconfirmed
runs without oversight does whatever he
wants and and is running rampant has an
unlimited budget apparently there's no
cap on what he can spend how couldn't
even be constitutional and these these
things have been found unconstitutional
before look this is I mean this is just
the deep state fighting back it same
with the consumer finance protection and
toward yeah that that was my favorite
designed to be completely unaccountable
to any elected official that's quick
not only that the lawsuit thank god this
is a republic yeah thank God the judge
tossed it I mean you have an executive
branch appointee saying that the
president can't hire and fire executive
branch appointees I mean it this is mind
blowing Lee asinine stuff well you know
it was a trump a trump appointed was the
judge that's the important God you know
if you if you have judges who will hold
this and you will because they don't
care about the Constitution they only
care about liberal power the only thing
that marisol liberals is liberal power
and the only thing that marason never
Trump errs is selling out you know Cruz
cabins on the lead he's doing a good job
exactly
Bill Kristol on the Lido deck he's gonna
be singing show tunes with Marv Alberts
thrown out there but but but I am
encouraged about the judges down here in
South Florida in the Southern District
we have five judicial vacancies and the
list went up yesterday or the night
before of the ten who the vetting
committee what is the Judicial
Nominating Committee to JNC sent up to
the president unfortunately it has to go
past Marco Rubio first but I happen to
know two of them I I know very well the
only woman and and she's hardcore she
was a national security prosecutor at
DOJ she's a conservative she I was
really happy to see that some of the
names they sent up to the president yeah
I mean I look I think Donald Trump is
doing a great job with his judicial
appointments I think once you get
through a Rex Tillerson II can start
doing great job with his State
Department appointments yeah I'd like to
him to get rid of sessions and do a
great job at the DOJ you know really set
if sessions leave
he can put in you know somebody normal
that guy can fire more I'd like to see
Ron de santis and the reason I'd like to
see Ron de santis number one he's a
hardcore guy he was a he was a Jag
officer with Joint Special Operations
Command down here in Florida more
importantly though I like how he called
that Paul Ryan basically said I wanted
to investigate all these people Paul
Ryan wouldn't let me that guy would be a
powerful Attorney General he is
absolutely the worst so so what's what's
next Kirk was running out of time you
have what would give us a hint into
where your mind is for your next Town
Hall column you know I think I'm going
to revisit our friends that never Trump
and talk about how principle is so
pliable when it applies to these guys
how how they can lecture us about
principles principles principles and
they as soon as it comes to putting them
into effect suddenly they're a wall
they're gone they're absent without
leave it's over it's all done ah you
torture me you torture me I can't wait
to read these things anyway my friend
thanks for being here have a great
weekend hey thanks you got a brother if
you like these interviews please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.fortuigence.com
you
