what's so interesting about the world
last night is not just that the liberal
lock on Atlantic Canada is now being
broken but that the old two-party system
for so long dominant in the Atlantic
especially is broken too and not by the
NDP this time the NDP just got 5 percent
of the vote last time not even one seed
so much for jag meat sing having
coattails in any province I know it's a
different party provincially but still
the NDP got crushed in New Brunswick
their vote shrank from 13 percent last
time down to 5
a lot of that obviously went to the
Greens who grew in almost the opposite
direction
they had 6% last time and they got 12%
this time but can I point out the most
interesting result to me it's this
People's Party business 13% of the vote
up from just 2% last time here's a party
platform it's a little bit homemade but
I like that it feels friendly and
neighborly and antics not too slick they
do have one video on their website that
sort of slick here take a look at is 30
seconds do you ever wonder why your
taxes are so high successive governments
have raised taxes year after year while
also borrowing money and running huge
deficits your hard-earned tax dollars
are used to subsidize big corporate
interests at political projects and
unnecessary dual services the People's
Alliance will take a different approach
by abolishing the double tax and
eliminating corporate welfare
we will also end duality saving millions
and bringing our cultures together to
find out how you can help visit us at
People's Alliance dot CA I like that and
did you get that not-so-subtle point at
the end there against the bizarre New
Brunswick conceit of having double
everything as a form of affirmative
action for the French language minority
but it's friendly it's not mean about it
is that it talks about unifying the
community not having linguistic
segregation I really like that that's a
cultural messages and not just a
financial message these guys came in
third with one point five percent of the
vote by the way if you add up the three
smaller party parties the People's
Alliance the Green Party and the NDP you
get about 32 percent of the vote which
is what the winning conservatives got
that's in the old mold
wouldn't you say and I can't help but
thinking perhaps the the name is so
similar maybe that's why maybe Maxine
Bernie's federal People's Party this is
this a crazy idea after all if the
People's Alliance party did well in New
Brunswick out of the blue I mean in fact
maybe people are getting a sick of the
Tweedledee and Tweedledum of the
old-line parties and yes I have to tell
you that the federal Conservative Party
renders here is absolutely an
establishment party risk-averse party
these days absolutely I was involved
with the populist old Reform Party back
in the day that party is a hundred
percent dead and so as much of the
flavorful conservatism of it
I wonder if this New Brunswick result is
a bit of a premonition that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
