is it okay to be white even in a
predominantly whitish kind of place like
Saskatchewan apparently not well at
least not according to the tall white
foreheads running the University of
Regina so there were these posters
popping up on the campus of the
University of Regina the other day
the posters simply stated quote it's
okay to be white end quote
and everybody went eyes and that sweet
diversity is our strength and all that
stuff Oh actually no they didn't say
that at least not the ansi
administration types they had those
posters torn down because they think a
phrase that states it's okay to be white
is well not okay in a press release you
of our president V n Timmins stated
quote simply put these signs have no
place at our University end quote G does
that mean then that it's not okay to be
white and she noted that an
investigation has been launched to see
if there was a potential violation of
the respectful university policy
whatever that is whoa an investigation a
that sounds serious but think about that
allegedly egregious slogan for a second
it's okay to be white I don't know about
you but it sure doesn't sound like a
battle cry emanating from the likes of
the KKK or the Aryan Nations I mean
using the descriptor okay hey if you
subscribe to white supremacy wouldn't
you say White's rule or whites are the
best as opposed to whites are okay you
see it seems that to me if you're in the
white supremacy business you wouldn't
adopt okay as part of your branding
because the problem with okay is that
it's just okay which is to say okay is
the very definition of unexceptional in
fact you could even make the argument
that these posters are anti white like
what race strives to be merely okay
that's lame
in any event under the University of
Regina is discrimination rules the
posters would appear to be offside
because the university's policy states
that practices incited by another
person's ancestry color race or
perceived race nationality place of
origin are not well okay but if things
like race and color are problematic
wouldn't posters proclaiming black lives
matter also be in violation of the U of
ARs discrimination policy - hey lot's of
luck tearing down those posters for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's I'd
Menzies hey folks the rebel has an all
new fall lineup please visit the rebel
dot media slash shows and check it out
