I just launched a campaign called jail
engine I'm calling on the British
government to send Anjem Choudary back
to prison to serve his full prison
sentence at least and not long after I
released that campaign I read that Anjem
Choudary
is to be given his very own safe house
and benefits once he's released from
prison seriously so after being jailed
for five years back in 2016 for urging
support of Isis and Jim Chowdhury is due
to be released only next month after two
and a half years and that's after he's
spent more than 20 years radicalizing
what appears to be hundreds of people
lots of young people if not more many of
whom have gone on to commit terrible
atrocities and even murder one of his
disciples killed Lee Rigby and to top
off his early release the government's
going to provide him with his very own
safe house somewhere that he can go and
live in peacefully and without fear
while he plots more schemes with his
radical friends he's also going to be
able to claim benefits once he finishes
his jail term which as I say is coming
up next month now I understand this is
normal process but shouldn't this be the
kick up the backside that the government
needs to realize maybe this system
doesn't work maybe there's a problem
here that we need to address maybe we
need to look at laws that stop people
like this going on the streets
radicalizing people creating monsters
and then claiming oh well I didn't
actually do it myself there's no doubt
that Chowdhury once he's released he's
going to continue his hate campaign in
fact the Sun newspaper revealed in a
recorded interview in 2016 the hands of
Chowdhury said that upon his release
from prison his life will simply
continue as before this is what he said
it's just a gap isn't it all the things
that we were doing before there is no
reason to stop them because we were not
doing anything illegal
the police have really chanced they're
armed with this which is really just a
freedom of speech issue if they fail
there is no reason why we cannot
continue you have the double jeopardy
law anyway don't you you can't be done
for the same thing again can you we can
republish those speeches as they are
fine and start circulating them again
this isn't a freedom of speech issue
saying Britain's rubbish is freedom of
speech saying that you want a new kind
of government in Britain is freedom of
speech but radicalizing children and
creating terrorists is quite evidently
not freedom of speech is it in my books
that's aiding murder it's as bad as
murder and despite this clear and
obvious threat and the fact that Anjem
Choudary has previously called
Jobseeker's Allowance jihad seekers
allowance the government still isn't
stepping in to do something it's crazy I
want the government to do something for
once so I'm gonna ask you for your help
again I'd like to do a few things here
first of all let's sign a massive
petition to the government to say that
we want to jail Anjem and I hand that
into number 10 myself if they let me
believe me I'm gonna try I'll hand that
in to number 10 myself if you sign it so
please sign and share secondly I want to
Commission a professional public opinion
poll because not only will we have the
petition we can prove that the British
people want to see this man behind bars
if we use a professional opinion polling
company this approved to the government
that the good people of Britain Britain
want him locked up
and finally if we can raise a bit more
money I suggest that we publish a
massive billboard in central London I
want a billboard that says jail Anjem
and I want is close to Westminster as
possible because I want every single
politician
to see this billboard I want them all to
know that we want them to jail Anjan I
want the government to hear us they have
to act so we must act we must tell them
to act will you help me with this please
head over to jail and Jim calm and let's
get this monster locked back catch up
with all the rebel stories on our brand
new app which you can download now from
the Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
