we're told there's an ongoing crisis
occurring in Burma regarding the
nation's Muslim minority such a pity
that we can't seem to ask some tough
questions about this conflict though
because apparently doing so is akin to
committing an act of Islamophobia
dr. mogs Arnie's Canadian tour dropped
by Toronto City Hall last week the goal
was to bring public awareness to the
alleged genocide of Muslims in Burma or
minima as the nation is called today
doctors Arne contends that what's
happening to Burma's Muslim minority at
the hands of the Buddhist majority
qualifies as ethnic cleansing and indeed
this is the narrative that is being
reported by most Western media outlets
but there are others who believe the
vilification of the country's Buddhist
majority government is an elaborate PR
stunt one that depicts Muslims as
oppressed victims and Buddhists as
oppressors when a case can be made that
it is Muslim militants who are
responsible for the bloodshed and
carnage in Burma and things certainly
got heated at City Hall when an activist
for a Burma's Buddhist Rick heisman
interrupted doctors Ernie's presentation
in an attempt to offer such a contrarian
viewpoint six weeks
yeah you should get out
tempers continued to flare and heisman
was eventually escorted out of city hall
by security guards it was outside that
we caught up with Heisman to get his
side of the story regarding the alleged
ethnic cleansing of Muslims in Burma my
first question I simply wanted to find
out what was behind his outburst you
know we had a pro rahega group there and
you know not that many they're
considering the size of the panel
actually but you know there's telling
absolute bullshit and lies and
misinterpretation and they want the
total destruction really of Burmese
people and Buddhism in general as far as
motivation heisman says he's an admirer
of buddhist culture and he has been to
Burma 28 times typically spending more
than a month each time and he's also
been able to access Burma so called
ground zero ground zero means manga and
booty tong provinces in which total
atrocities happens such as such as the
type that those people in that room
don't want to hear they don't even want
to know
and they won't believe it because
they're Muslim or Muslim sympathizers
but on the night of the jihad with so
many coordinated simultaneous attacks
there were villages such as a Hindu
village a Hindu minority village in
which 92 people of a hundred and two
people were killed and eight of them
were spared only because they were
good-looking young women and they were
forced to convert first of all they were
forced to watch them knife their
husbands and sometimes even babies to
death and then they were forced to
convert to Islam or die and they were
then married to older men they did had
not even seen yet and they were taken
into Bangladesh and they they were they
thought their life was over and somebody
discovered that they were not the
Bengali Muslims they're bengali Hindus
and they were rescued out of there okay
now in that village 92 people died one
person survived I interviewed her two
and believe me those kinds of interviews
are pretty hard to do I also asked him
about the contention which is rarely
reported that the Muslim minority has
brought this crisis upon themselves
given that some allege that the Muslim
minority started this conflict going
back some 75 years ago in 1942 there's a
well-documented Massacre called the Mong
da Massacre where they rose up with
world war ii weapons
killed 30,000 buddhists in Hmong town
alone since a hundred thousand or more
into fleeing for their lives by burning
400 plus Buddhist villages they simply
think they have the divine right to kill
anybody that is not Muslim to them other
people are like cutting grass or
something you can just simply do it we
have video tapes from this recent
episode from captured terrorists or dead
terrorists from their cell phones we
have videotapes of them training them
putting their black hoods on grabbing
their weapons lining up ready to march
to a Buddhist village to kill everybody
we have videos of kids probably five
years old with big old machetes smiling
and saying we want to kill Buddhists we
want to chop the heads off Buddhists we
want to do that so if what heisman is
alleging is true is this another case in
which Muslims are winning the PR war
okay first of all in Asia the press is
much different than here and I was just
a nazar for six weeks the Indian press
is extremely good and it's in English
most of the time so you can get it
without translation for that matter
Indian press very good and they are very
concerned in fact they're talking about
expelling all of the Rohingya illegal
refugees who are in India anyway they
just simply don't like them they want to
get rid of them they have their own
Muslim problems China presses support of
Thailand and Sri Lanka very supportive
because they have their own issues with
Muslims doing the same sort of things
the Muslim world in the Muslim world the
media is even more eschewed that it is
in the Western world the Muslim world
it's like stories circulate around that
you know that millions of you know they
they say milli
even beyond the population number
millions of Muslims are being murdered
all the time in ba bla bla
and there's riling up the whole Muslim
world for a jihad now as we showed you
heisman wanted to make these points
inside City Hall but he was prevented
from doing so so I asked him what his
response was to the response he received
in which he was labeled everything from
a Holocaust denier to an islamaphobe
oh I'm very Islamophobic I mean I am
fearful of Islam because of what it can
do in the world aren't you - I mean I'm
proud to be Islamic phobic as well
heisman maintains that the true end goal
of the Muslim minority in Burma is to
transform the nation into a Muslim
majority country and he points to
neighboring Bangladesh as a grim
cautionary tale there's two agendas here
we have the short-term agenda is to take
Rakhine State well just like Muslims
took a Bangladesh at one time
I mean Bangladesh itself was a Hindu and
Buddhist kingdoms for 2,000 years and
then became Muslim and and there's still
1 percent of the population is Buddhist
but they are eliminating that as fast as
they can so they they basically they
want to take Rakhine State well what is
next is Burma and this has been a
continuation ever since Islam started to
push out and annihilate every Buddhist
culture they encounter and they have
finally I wanted to get Huysmans take on
the Toronto City Councilor who served as
the emcee for this presentation namely
Kristyn wong-tam after all miss Wong Tam
is openly lesbian and we know how well
people of different sexual orientations
are typically received in Islamic
society well I come from San Francisco
so I understand the gay or lesbian blah
blah blah groups and so on and I'm
astounded at how stupid they are about
Islamic terrorism and so on like if you
brought up you know something okay you
know we're having a protest against
Islamic terrorism here can you gag rupes
join us oh no you know they're in other
words they're all pro
Islamic because you know what's in their
head I don't know they don't even if you
tell them hey you know if you were to
walk any Street in Iran or so you're
gonna be executed if they know that
you're gay I mean kill push off of a
building is the typical thing it's
astounding how how Islam Trump's
everything online obviously the debate
will continue to rage regarding what's
going on in Burma today but is there any
tolerance when it comes to allowing both
sides of the story to make their
respective cases Rick heisman simply
wanted to make his viewpoints known to
those taking in the Toronto City Hall
presentation but apparently when it
comes to any sort of narrative that
depicts Muslims as victims a contrarian
opinion is opinion non grata even in a
Western democracy such as Toronto
I wonder why for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has an all-new fall lineup
please visit the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
