so tell me what I want to do is allow
the viewer to come on a journey with you
and I think what matters first up is to
hear why you got to a place that you
were at the court that day in Leeds that
led to your arrest so take me to you
growing up where did you grow up so I
grew up in Luton Town it's a it's a
working-class town with a very diverse
population and it's gone from so I was
born in 1982 when I was born 1982 we had
one loss now we have 35 so I've watched
that change in the town just so people
understand Luton was the launch place
for seven seven bombers it was the home
of the fertilizer bomb plot it's in fact
so many terrorist atrocities are being
linked to learn how much Verdean who are
now proscribed terrorist organization
Omar Bakri
Abu Hamza who's in prison in America
their head office was in Luton so Luton
Town for you was home you grew up there
your mum I think she lives or she you
grew up with your mum there everyone mom
yes my mum come from Ireland cuz she
come from Dublin when she was six or
seven of her family and then like most
people in Luton if you line up my thirty
threads very best friend yes we are all
sons of immigrants pretty new and you're
a sign of an immigrant everyone from the
sons of immigrants really in Luton and
I've seen the town so that's never been
a problem
everyone's got on fine and integrated
fine assimilated fine but growing up I
was trying to understand there was
something very different about what I
saw as which I first thought was a
Pakistani problem or so the Pakistani
community showed a hostility towards
everyone he wasn't Pakistani and then
only food growing up and learning Islam
I understood there was the segregation
and separation talk to them through it
for Islam so in Luton growing up you
know you're there you're growing up as a
young lad and you're seeing that there's
all these different people you're all
mixing fine but there seems to be this
one population the Muslim population of
those that believe in Islam that don't
want to belong don't want to integrate
if I just put into basic terms if you
went into the school dinner
in my school mistakes go in a snowless
school in an Amish school you'd have
white sin with black saying with some
Chinese saying with some Indians
everyone sitting in a grader their
tables in the corner of that dinner hall
you'd have a tables of Muslims separate
separate in everything I never
understood this I never understood until
I read the Quran I never understood
until I read so many passages and some
universities saying do not be friends
with the Christians and the Jews and
that's the first it was like I had so
many light bulb moments in my life that
were just like now I understand now I
get why this we have this whole
segregated Sharia community that are not
in the gray in there are not now are
hostile as well that are hostile towards
us and that's not all of them because
even in school I would have made friends
with Muslims let me ask you some
questions about growing up in Luton and
the separation so the separation of
financing the separation of policing how
does that work in Luton so another
example again I'll give to leave them
when we formed the where I formed an
organization in 2009 which to try and
hide I heard a lot of these problems and
when a journalist first come to see Mia
I took them up to be a state that I was
originally grew up him as a child I said
look at that Park that Park is from the
1980s and then we drove down to the
Muslim community so look at that Park as
a stay at the are 350 thousand pound
Park you want to know why we're
frustrated and we're frustrated because
all of the funding all of the everything
has been given and handed and the
organization towards the Islamic
community everything and and that's not
me I'm not saying it's the Muslim
community's fault so for clarity the
funding so government funding coming
through to councils because it's how
it's worked in the UK we have councils
you had you see labour councils and
they're pushing funding to the Muslim
community presumably because that's
where the votes coming so in in lumen we
have as I said is thirty forty percent
of the town is Muslim
when we have our elections that 30 40 %
is enough to win the focus the majority
people aren't voting now so if they do a
deal and we've learned this for years
the Luton council of mosques which was
that the lead I would coordinate all the
mosques together that sit down with the
council they'd do a deal
they'd then be told specifically told
who to vote for and how to vote and
they'd regain their power and as someone
from a white working-class background
we've simply were forgot forgotten and
neglected and that's and that's a
feeling that we're looking at the Labour
Party who have gone all out and given
every other community everything and
that's why even currently why working
class children are the biggest
underachievers in Luton we have a the
Luton Islamic centre which is a mosque
which was where surely the most recent
westminster bridge the man lead their
terrorist a deterrence mr. funny attack
there he was a paid a teacher for that
mosque the further Stockholm bomber was
from them was Luton Borough Council fund
from our taxpayers money that mosque and
I think you said that 9/11 bombers were
celebrated in Luton could you explain
that so just so people understand this
would be the when I start I formed an
organization called the English Defence
League in 2009 its Defense League in
2009 that wasn't just a
spur-of-the-moment thing
that was a build up of watching my town
decay what should it be taken over
essentially watching us pour Veneman
hatred go unchallenged against everybody
and
so people understand on September 11th
after September 11th we had posters and
I'll give it you can talk show you how
posters were put on all the phone boxes
all the shop windows magnificent lining
a celebration of the nineteen suicide
bombers so magnificent nineteen the
nineteen suicide bombers launched
against America 9/11
they were celebrated in the town of
Luton that you grew up in the are men
were getting phone calls that the
college had been all Cheers in the
college while as a reaction to at the
age of 21 growing up in this town you
created something called the English
Defence League no so first of all I
tried to I tried to first raise my head
about it
age 21 where I organize a demonstration
called ban the lumen Taliban because a
group headed by Omar Bakri in Abu Hamza
who's ever Hamza has the hook he's in an
American prison now a group their head
office was in my town they were sending
people to fight for the Taliban I
organized a demonstration to oppose
against them and from that I I was
attacked and target and I kept my mouth
shut then for five or six years and then
but then there was a soldier's
homecoming parade where our soldiers
were attacked and spat upon again by
this same group that's when I fondues so
soldiers coming home from fighting the
Taliban soldiers coming back there was a
homecoming parade those soldiers I
remember the footage of this watching it
those soldiers were spat on there were
protests there there was a big Muslim
gathering essentially that were abusive
and horrific to our British troops
that's that was the trigger that caused
you to finally set up the English
Defence League and actually position
yourself then as a target yeah that was
the trigger and because of what had
happened when I was 21 I was now 26
because when I was 21 that's why I
decided to try and cover my face and try
and use a different name because I knew
what's coming and then take us from this
21 year old and then a 26 year old with
the English Defence League take us to
the Tommy Robinson stood outside court
so just to explain the thing that led to
your arrest
there was a Tong it's an ongoing court
case so we still have to be very careful
it was broken into three parts one part
was done this was the second trial of a
group of men accused of grooming and
trafficking young girls you were stood
outside the courts on the day of the
trial correct me if I'm wrong on the day
of the trial had finished so the trial
had finished and the jury were there to
give their verdict so the trial had
finished and obvious sit down that day
and that and the reason I stood on that
day is what I've tried to do since from
the English Defence League I've traveled
the country and I've researched and I've
spent on their families and I've seen
the true extent of this what is called
grooming which is more of a rape jihad
or quote across our country and I feel
that things are still being hidden and
the public are not really aware of the
size of this problem for example we have
young girls that have been murdered and
chopped up and paint a kebab minces and
no one knows that we have young girls
who have
Ben had hot iron rods with the letter M
and and branded branded on their back
and no one knows but you standing there
that day you have your camera what sort
of camera if you've got an iPhone I just
went with my I had my iPhone what were
you saying
I was just detailing the men's names so
before I went there I had researched and
I'd looked at their contempt of court
laws which I was always aware of and I
was also aware that the judge has no
power to pay any reporting restrictions
on any information that's in the public
domain and the BBC our British state
news broadcaster they had already
printed I'd seen them I think I tweeted
them the names of the individuals that
was already in the public domain all the
information I gave was already in the
public when he was standing outside the
court were you right outside the door
were you inside the door where were you
had you asked someone where you could
stand yeah so that morning I've gone
into court to try and get the full
details of their reporting restriction
there's so many guidelines that they
have to have for example on the screen
where the men the defendants names are
listed it has to say they're there of
the reporting restriction it didn't I
have a photograph of that screen it did
not there was nothing on the door so I
then stood outside and obviously I
presumed that the report restriction can
only be for the verdicts because and for
the specific detail from in that trial
it can't possibly be for any information
that's already on linemen and outlets so
the trial was the trial it finished
12:00 finish you were stood outside yes
you repeated information that was
already in the public domain names did
you film any of the men going in the
defendants who were walking to court yes
I filmed them I made sure not to film
anyone but them so there was Muslim
women walking into court I turned the
camera away from them I was fully aware
that you couldn't record jurors
witnesses or anything like that but
defendants on trials as anyone would see
of any case across the UK every time
I've ever gone into court on
photographed and I'm filmed so I filmed
them I wasn't aggressive towards them I
asked them how they felt about the
verdict that was coming because it was
their getting the verdict that day I
asked them simple question and I was
very calm and reasonable and polite I'll
make sure of that
did anyone ask you to stop filming did
anyone tell you to go away
I actually asked the police officer if I
was okay to be filming where I was
filming to which I was told yes what
happened next
next I was arrested and I could see more
police come in no one warned me no one
said this is no one said anything
actually on I saw the judge up at the
window with the same the police officers
and then all of a sudden I was
handcuffed I was arrested I was told I
was being held on breach of the peace
and then a boys corner the first thing I
say again is I need to speak to my
solicitor you can't speak just ELISA
there's no facility for you to speak to
your sister I said I need you to get a
message to my solicitor then again I
could know then said then I'm on there
I'm taking up before the judge with
mostly sir no lawyer I'll take before
the judge we're five minutes of an hour
long video is played five minutes and
then he says your video of my video that
I made outside court so then I'm told
I'm taken back down to the cell where
I'm taken down to the so a lawyer though
is by the state is produced and it's
produced for me and I say I want my
lawyer I won't speak to my solicitor he
says you can't that's not going to
happen and then he's and then we take
him back up to court again with him
present and this is one of the main
reasons why I was released why the the
top judge of this country absolutely
slammed what had happened in Leeds call
I'm saying when I got to prison I'm
saying reading all these reports that I
pleaded guilty to contempt of court I
wasn't even asked to plead guilty on
oculi and no point did I stand up and
say Gilly he sentenced me to 13 months
of contempt of court he then enforced a
reporting restriction yes so we weren't
allowed to tell the story of you then
being arrested and charged and being
sent inside for 13 months we weren't
allowed to write that up as I normally
would have because there was a ban on me
or anybody reporting and indeed people
had already written a report removed
their reports and apparently it's it's
disband the section for that apparently
I've been sent to prison for breaching
this reporting restriction now as you've
said some newspapers run stories
Breitbart others of course and then they
had to remove them they done they breach
the same law that I've
just been sentenced insane multiple now
if you read the law this is where it
gives when he sends me 13 months if you
read contempt of court law the judge is
not allowed to issue a report
instruction the reason for this is under
contempt of court you don't have a
jewelry so you have a judge who is that
he arrests you and he's the executioner
he he arrests you and he sentenced you
he hears you he tries you he can fix you
now how much power that puts in the
judges hands to be able to send you
without anyone else that's too much
power that by law he has to instantly
let the public know anyone can read
these laws it's I've gone through
everything when I was in prison
let's move to prison how does prison
work when you get to prison first of all
you're walking in just as you are what
happens to you I was booked into
reception and I was put on an induction
wing go on a wing of prisoners probably
a hundred prisoners free levels and I
was putting myself describe to me the
cell describe what I'm seeing the cell
is a just a bit a mail frame bed with it
and there's none it's not mattress it's
like a blue oh those blue squishy little
pad really but they've been the prison's
cells they're about that thick and
they're white clean up there then yeah
that sweaty stuff and you're given a bed
sheet and you're given a the same blue
mat like that as a pillow rock cod blum
blum at you given that then you give
them a plate and and a TV so when you
first went to prison after you'd done
your time on the induction wing they
moved you to the hospital which actually
was a relatively safe and secure
environment for you the the main
induction wing there were Muslims on it
but you have to understand that in the
demographic of the area of the country I
was in prison only seven percent of that
population within the prison were Muslim
prisoners but then but then so then I
had my first legal visit in the prison
where then we booked a visit for the
Friday where my QC was going to come and
we were going to discuss on my appeal
and to appeal the conviction and appeal
of the sentence now days before that
appeal
in the morning my door opened they said
you'll go in and I said where am I going
I said why am I going and I'm reading
also confused is that they had me in a
position where I was fine it was very
easy for that prison because it could
manage you easily in the hospital
there's no Muslims it's no Muslim
prisoners so moving us along you were
moved to a different prison tell us
about the new prison I was moved I was
taken to from hatin behold to HMP only
and then when you get to a prison you
have an original meeting with the prison
start where they talk to you and he said
we'll look obviously you were aware that
there's a large Muslim population in
this prison I said yes because it's a
London prison so are those in only it's
a London prison so the population of
London when they go to jail they go to
certain prisons so it's a London prison
so obviously we know what the population
is going to be okay and he said like you
should self isolate and now
self-isolation would be if I was a
prisoner and I wanted protection or I
was scared what I'd say is I'm not
coming out much now come out myself so I
said I'm never going to save herself
Eisley and he said well it's going to be
dangerous I said so no I said every time
I open my front door is dangerous so the
government the government to lift you
out of the prison where you were being
held and were relatively secure in terms
of your safety and felt your well-being
was relatively managed and lifted you
removed you to the prison with one of
the highest Muslim populations therefore
putting you most at risk whole prison
was a prison that was governed by the
prison staff I was moved to a prison
that was governed by the prisoners did
they ever give you a reason while they
moved you from H affirmed how I asked
ahead governor of the prison who has
brought me here
he said he's above my paygrade okay
who's above his pay grade is the
government you're now doing in your head
thirteen months you've got to be an
isolation you've been put in the block
he's on a mattress tell me about your
day how many hours a day are you in that
square room you're in there 23 and a
half hours a day
and and then we so you have this the
prison cells say here and here and then
for 30 minutes you did they take you out
and they put you into a cage that's
looked upon by all of the cell window so
you're put in a cage like a little
animal you're putting a cage for five
minutes where you were you can then walk
around for your exercise now within
minutes of me being put down the block
there were frets and screams and shouts
because the prisoners and the Muslims
had seen as I'm getting bought in and
the words what I didn't realize which I
was told was the chopper complaining
again was that the prison Imam had been
telling the prison for days before you
were coming days coming was there an
instruction against job no no given
people a pre warning on coming to a
prison means that they possibly could
get one chance I hear me and once I've
done that I'll then be put down the
block now I wasn't going to self isolate
they're probably no unknown selflessly
that gives them opportunity to get nice
to get blades to make to make weapon
that's be prepared so we are then put
this in or putting a complain saying how
is the prison in mom telling people I'm
super paranoid or Scott I know what's
going on previously in my previous
prison sentences I wrote a letter to my
wife and it it was a detail in there
it's alright this is your letter to your
wife from prison what did you say to
make sure they understood why I do what
I do there's me believe in that the
worst will come that you will die in
jail worse will come and I want my
children to know that we haven't yeah
this point we'll know what they're gonna
do I believe they're gonna do and I know
no one can tell me why I was brought to
that prison on me no one can tell me so
I know intentionally and previously I've
been locked in rooms with Muslims in
prison so I believe that and then in
that first week in the block I'd then
been told I'm getting moved and then and
I said I said to my wife I'm getting
move nothing from the outside from no
Pearson these are lower than these UK
making comments to make sure I'm safe I
knew that nothing had been done to do
that
so you're sat down writing your letter
to your wife and your children and what
are you telling them I know by doing
what I do
that that women will come and anoint
under and I've chose that and you want
your children to know that you didn't
choose it over them sorry details my
wife it's not about them it's not about
our children it's about every child
every once
I'm not apologizing because my four I
mean I'm sorry for I've done I'm
apologizing for what's caused just tell
us a little bit because many of us won't
have heard about the calling the
shouting the window so from the first
minute I was put in there one prisoner
in the soundex or spends six hours all
night tried to remind him using a prison
so you can't kick through the photo
about the food I'm the food so all the
servery it's Muslim each of the wings is
Muslim they're in control of the mail
during English food that my food has
been taken to my sit on a specific tray
that they know is coming to you they
know it's coming to you your name on it
so they know and they say did you enjoy
to enjoy you do anything can get present
smuggled into prison yeah
prisoners again mobile phones this begin
to get something that peak whether it be
a drug or a poison or anything they want
their to put into a dinner it's gonna be
easy so I don't want to give that
because you're if you're gonna die
you're not going to go out there tell me
about the window in your block like
sorry you really do it yourself then
yeah it took I took about a week before
then it's a bit through the window yeah
shit going through when they're throwing
they're throwing fresh human feces their
own this is probably keener in prison so
people understand prisoners through shit
human feces prison officers faces so
this is you and this is the physical and
mental torture let me ask you one last
question on this you knew you were gonna
die you'd already you reconciled that
this would happen and you'd written your
letter to your wife and children exactly
and they didn't send the low they kept
hold of that letter used to send it how
did you imagine cuz I've been somewhere
near this in my own situations how did
you reconcile that you would be killed
did you did you think about how it would
happen and that it would hurt and that
you would accept that pain how did you
where did you go with that I just
believed that there I was gonna be moved
prison again that's what I was told so
in my first week in my house down the
block I was told that they'd be moving
me again so I would knew that they'd
give one opportunity where they they
have an opportunity to get me which has
happened really what I'm only gonna get
moment be God all I wanted to tell my
children is the reasons why make sure
they understood that I done this because
I love you that's why I thought you
currently as it stands you are going
back to face another judge that's
correct isn't it I'm about to face
another trial to this point right now
here I still have no idea what is that
I've said I also cool that they're
saying has reached a restriction because
bearing in mind we know the law states
they can't have reported fictional
information that's already in the public
domain let's just so people understand
reporting instructions are regularly
breached okay
people gets more fine now it's only the
fact that I was talking about Muslim
paedophile gangs those resulted in me
being in prison for fame
okay so let's get put you now you're
going to be in front of the judge let's
put you in there in the Old Bailey tell
me what's gonna happen okay
I'm gonna be convicted I'm gonna be
found Curie and put back and prove
you're gonna be found guilty I know now
when I come up to this case I'll be
offered a deal you'll be offered a deal
but what deal do you think you'd be
offered to if I plead guilty that they
will give me time served and I will go
home will you plead guilty what I've
said to my wife which I need to know I
have my wife support my family support
as I said that I never ever ever the
last thing I would ever want to do is
bring down a court case that could
indicate that goes against everything
I've ever stood for so I could never
accept that anything I said because I
know it didn't prejudice that trial
because I know it did him we know it
didn't because the trial went ahead so I
said to my wife if I was offered this
jail if if I was like I can't and then
she just she said I'll still be here
when you get home so in the early years
of my activism my whole family you were
begging me to stop and trying to make me
stop I think that they're not fully
aware that no that that's not going to
happen and I think that the government
in if this is intentionally done to
break me or silence me or stop me surely
by now whoever's behind these little
decisions so every layer you realize it
hasn't and it won't and quite now my
voice coming out of prison whether it be
if you send me back to prison when I
come back out it will be some more
accepted voice a more respected voice
more people will listen to me than they
ever have and people right now are sin
disgusted astonished shocked for your
wife to stage you know what Tommy I'll
still be here when you come out will you
stand there and say not guilty is it is
everything is it all of Tommy Robinson
but willing to face it again that
brutality the the razor blades the shit
thump through your window are you
willing to do that again because you
repeat
you're pure authenticity that what you
did was not wrong yeah it's not why it
is not it's not just why I did was not
wrong is it's what it represents it
represents far more than Tommy Robinson
what currently this has happened where
I've been in prison is a movement that
has created there is not solely about
Tommy Robinson it's a movement of
feeling from people in this country who
feel that they're not being represented
and that's not even about my story on me
personally this is people see hold on no
if their attempts to silence me it's to
silence you it's the silence the public
it's the silence if they don't if they
want and we've seen this that's going on
across the world the D platform in their
taken away of social media platforms and
then the government and the oppression
and the arrests and all of these things
are happening it's not just if they saw
that's why I say this one is what you
hear and I think it's gone so far and in
fact if I if I say which I said to my
wife if I if I say I'm willing to die do
you run and do you hide and the main
thing that right now is really eating me
up is that I like to fight and if
something is in front of me that I can
battle I'd stand in for you but what
they've managed to do and what they've
done cleverly is to to cause me damage
that is hard to fight if for example in
these cases there were reporting
instructions the last five major Muslim
grooming gang conviction cases have had
these reporting restrictions if there
wasn't every single day we were hearing
on media and online then the public
would read every day of the horrific
sadistic sickening disgusting barbaric
things that were happening to these
children we'd hear of the comments made
to the children the racial comments
there are religious comments we'd hear
it day in day out now by plane report
restriction and saying they'd to
maintain a fair trial then what we get
at the end of at the end of a year-long
trial of whether it be 30 men or 40 men
and they're always you'll get one day's
news and if you missed that one day's
news then it's gone and I think that
that's what these report restrictions
are doing if I stood outside caught and
nothink I said could could prejudice
that trial
then why am I being imprisoned for it
and you're willing to die for what you
believe in if someone has to fight let
me fight not my son and where we're
headed as a country our next generation
will look us and they will never forgive
us from then in the current situation
going Tommy Robertson thank you very
much indeed for your honesty for sharing
a level that's quite extraordinary and
thanks I'm sorry
I know thank you for everything you've
done thank you that was Katie Hopkins
interviewing Tommy Robinson Tommy is
heading back to court on September 27th
the government is making him go through
the whole thing all over again and so he
has to hire lawyers all over again
if you can help him cover the costs
which will surely be tens of thousands
of pounds please go to save Tommy calm
the government is trying to break him
physically psychologically and
financially let's help him fight back at
least with that last part please chip in
at save Tommy calm
you
