today I'm gonna be digging deep into the
professional background of Special
Counsel robert muller and debunking the
narrative that he's this rock-solid man
of integrity now I've been very
disappointed with Special Counsel Robert
Muller for a long time essentially since
the day he was appointed because it
appears his investigation is being run
through the lens of bias and
predetermined outcomes but I've been
digging into his background I've been
really looking into this guy who is he
we've always heard that he's this great
law enforcement guy just rock-solid and
temporal his prosecutor he's flawless he
makes no mistakes
everything Robert Muller does has done
perfectly well backstory tells a very
different story a lot of information on
this guy so let's go back to 1979 where
the troubles begin well back then Muller
was a prosecutor in the US Attorney's
Office up in San Francisco he actually
led the US Attorney's special
prosecutions team and back then in 79
there was a federal trial against 33
Hells Angels Muller is running the unit
that's prosecuting he's prosecuting
these 33 Hells Angels considered so
dangerous so scary where the Hells
Angels and their associates their
friends their colleagues at bulletproof
glass how to be installed to surround
the judge that's how dangerous these
guys were you know what happened in this
case in the first trial are 18
defendants all but five were convicted
and those five all had their convictions
overturned on appeal the Muellers team
completely botched that case Muller then
took over the actual trial piece of it
this is this is mind-blowing and when he
took it over
he dropped most of the charges including
those against Ralph Sonny Barger the guy
who's made the Hells Angels what it is
today
you know Hooper Sonny Barger is you've
seen him on Discovery Channel The
History Channel he had throat cancer he
speaks with the Box in his throat he's a
pretty remarkable guy very unforgettable
guy and a guy who's kind of unabashed
about criminal activity Muller dropped
the charges against him he then led a
team of four prosecutors Muller did in
court for the second trial with eleven
defendants that Knapp began in October
1980 but after four months the jury was
deadlocked
the judge declared a mistrial and Muller
did not seek retrial so he completely
failed 33 gun-running drug trafficking
murdering assaulting bombing vile and
Hells Angels walked free
when Muller ran the investigation
instills confidence in him as Special
Counsel doesn't it
and about a year after it collapsed the
US attorney in San Francisco replaced
muller who had been on the job for a
year with someone with more experience a
guy had been in the job for a year was
inferior to somebody new coming into the
job what does that tell you about Muller
I mean I've always found to be a very
pompous elitist kind of guy similar to
John Kerry and interestingly we find and
this is all from an LA Times piece
entitled as he investigates Trump's
aides Robert Muller's record shows
surprising flaws
turns out he went to same private prep
school as John Kerry they look alike
they sound alike they have that same
elitist arrogance and air about them now
Muller also has a history of botching of
botching a major case we all know about
and I didn't realize just how badly he
botched this one he botched it alongside
Comey and we're gonna go in-depth with
this one in just a few moments I'm gonna
tell you about some more things that
happen while he was a DOJ including a
particularly egregious situation but
Muller severely botched the anthrax case
that happened right after 9/11 back in
2001 when letters with anthrax were sent
to politicians like Leahy and and
Daschle and the FBI had that case for
seven years Muller botch did so badly
that the FBI had to pay a misidentified
suspect five point eight million
taxpayer dollars and we'll get into that
but let's go into a couple other things
first because the thing that bothered me
the most that I found out about Muller
was that he would cover up his own
failures at the FBI by putting the fear
of God into his subordinates and this
this is really interesting I'll read you
one quote about the anthrax case from a
former official at the FBI work with
Muller but I think he was personally
embarrassed I would assess him as
someone that can't accept the fact that
he screwed up and groped and that was in
response to Miller not attending the
press conference but having his
subordinates take the media hits for the
bureau's failures in the anthrax case
not the bureau's failures the agent did
well but when you read the backstory
it was Comey and Muller directing them
and sending them in the wrong direction
the agents did their job Muller gave
them terrible terrible direction and
when it all hit the fan he made them
take the hit in the media that's not
leadership that's weakness that's
cowardice
but this is most troubling this goes to
the heart of Muller covering up his own
failures while magnifying everyone
else's in 2011 in 2011 just as the
Senate was considering Barack Obama's
request to extend Muller's terms FBI
director
the FBI's Inspection Division which is
their in-house internal affairs
conducted a review an inspection not a
review an inspection that's gonna become
an important nuance in a second of the
FBI's intelligence director at a unit
Muller created in the wake of 9/11 but
he was shifting the FBI's focus from
criminal investigations to
counter-terror letting other federal
partners state local agencies handle the
criminal investigations alongside the
FBI while the FBI tried to stop more
terrorist attack here in the homeland
and interdict them abroad and it made a
lot of sense I don't fault him for that
but the report the inspection report
said quote well here's what an official
familiar said but they inspected it and
they wrote the inspection report and it
said the whole thing's broken set it on
fire and start from scratch
now Muller's intelligence directorate
his own internal affairs said the whole
thing's broken set it on fire and start
from scratch that inspection report was
supposed to go up to Department of
Justice's Office of Inspector General
and then be released to Congress the
Senate for oversight right right a
review and commentary and and suggestion
nope Muller's aides and this story says
something interesting at FBI
headquarters protecting the director
from embarrassment was ingrained molars
aides kept the report in-house so the
report never went to DOJ oh I J Office
Inspector General note was kept at the
Hoover Building in DC it was kept inside
the FBI and how was it kept there by
tweaking its language how egregious is
this quote anywhere it said inspection
they changed it to review I've never
heard of anything like this this is
really bad you cannot just change
internal affairs language to keep
reports in-house that's essentially the
definition of corruption but under
Barack Obama it didn't matter
it didn't matter he was never gonna have
a scandal inside the FBI with his
hand-picked tenure extended FBI director
also on the Edward Snowden case Muller
was tasked with negotiating with a guy
named Alexander bortnikov the head of
the FSB Russia's counterintelligence
service bortnikov treated Muller like a
nobody
short of no respect Muller was calling
and calling bortnikov never took his
call ignored him and they granted
Snowden asylum fact one official
familiar with it said quote and Muller
just kept calling over there like
begging the guy to talk or to calm never
even took his call ignored him every
single time so he didn't even have the
respect of his international colleagues
all that hype all that PR about him
learning to really fall apart isn't it
at the anthrax case let's go back to
2001 I didn't even know how bad this was
the Orange County Register had a great
oppan written by a guy who detail this
case the anthrax case you remember that
somebody was anonymously sending letters
laced with anthrax to politicians like I
said Patrick Leahy and Tom Daschle
time Democrats and other public
officials and the FBI jumps on the case
they immediately focused on a guy named
Hatfield
a guy named Steven Hatfill because they
felt that he worked in the facility was
an army and infectious diseases facility
and he was the suspect and the only
reason they thought he was the suspect
they had no real evidence against the
guy we're gonna get into that the only
reason they thought he was the suspect
because they were quote bullied into
focusing on the government scientists
had filled by Democratic Senator Patrick
Leahy and were duped into focusing on
him by two other sources a conspiracy
minded college professor with a
political agenda who'd never met had
fill and Nicholas Kristof who put
conspiracy theories in the media while
mocking the FBI for not arresting had
fill the more didn't care about the
evidence he cared about the public
attention he cared about Democrat swamp
dwellers condemning him for not
arresting the guy they wanted arrested
that's not how an investigation works
politicians don't dictate who you arrest
you go where the evidence is but no they
publicly made it made it known that
Hatfill was the subject of an
investigation turns out the guy who
really did it was a guy named Bruce
Edward Ivan's a guy who the evidence
showed that Muller ignored because he
was personally running this case now he
had no evidence against Hatfill I'm
gonna tell you what flimsy evidence he
had but here's the evidence they had
against Ervin's Ervin's shared ownership
of anthrax patients Hatfield had
fieldwork nowhere near anthrax
urban was diagnosed as having paranoid
personality disorder he had a habit of
stalking and threatening people with
anonymous letters including the woman
who tipped the FBI off to Ervin's being
the killer they ignored all that
which piece goes on to say and I'm
laughing it's not funny they did this
guy so what evidence did the FBI against
Hatfill have against Hatfill there was
none but the agency did a Hail Mary and
what they did this is mind-blowing to me
they brought in two bloodhounds because
they claim the handlers claim these dogs
could smell Hatfill scent on the letters
and envelopes in which the anthrax was
sent but they bring the dogs two hats le
pets the dogs their cute lil bloodhounds
the dogs get all happy and start wagging
their tails and their handlers say yep
they indicated Hatfill sure guy now what
the FBI didn't do was what a local
journalist from California did do
researched the credibility of those dogs
and handlers well it turns out but they
had none in the state of California in
fact a California judge tossed out a
murder conviction that was obtained on
the use of those dogs calling the dog's
handler has bought quote as biased as
any witness that this Court has ever
seen in other words the guy made his
dogs right with his testimony because he
wanted to be in the good graces of the
FBI so when the FBI said to him hey hey
wink wink that fills our guy right
aren't your dog saying that the dog
merely wagging their tail was an
indication that Hatfill was the guy it
was insane how do we know hatful wasn't
the guy well seven years later in 2008
when Urban's bruce edward Urban's found
out that it was gonna be arrested for
sending the anthrax anthrax he killed
himself he killed himself and the FBI
had to subsequently pay Hatfill 5.82
million taxpayer dollars to settle their
complete botching of the case and who
was Muller's partner on this well call
me was when he was a senior guy over at
DOJ call me went as far as to say as
they were absolutely certain it was had
Phil they weren't making a mistake
a lot of speculation that he and Muller
briefed both the president and the
Attorney General to that effect
now remember I told you Muller made his
subordinates take the hit for this one
in pressors
that's even worse when he was finally
confronted by a reporter he said I quote
do not pologize apologize for any aspect
of the investigation adding it would be
erroneous woat to say there were
mistakes think about that hit a pay guy
five point eight million in taxpayer
dollars he ruined the man's life by
identifying him as a terrorist killer
but he said there were no mistakes in
the investigation you won't apologize
for any of it that's the kind of guy you
want a special counsel but don't take my
word for it now I can I can opine all
day on the way I've seen investigations
run and how irregular this is how scary
it is that is a team of seventeen bias
Hillary donating donating prosecutors
Hillary donors that leaks are coming out
of his his office but they only seem to
be damning to team Trump no leaks about
Tony Podesta Hillary the email scandal
nothing don't take my word for it take
the word of Andrew McCarthy who knows
Robert Muller who knows James Comey a
former DOJ official what's that
outstanding pieces I'm not a fan of
national review unless it's Andy
McCarthy's pieces he's great
he writes quote in a piece entitled
Muller scorches the earth whoa they
proceeded to secure the premises of a
man they are reportedly investigating
for tax and financial crimes not gang
murders and mafia hits by drawing their
guns on the stunned couple apparently to
check their pajamas for weapons and what
Andrew McCarthy is talking about is the
absolutely draconian way Muller's team
raided Paul Matta for its home it's
unheard of in a white-collar case a
no-knock warrant they picked the locks
in the wee hours of the morning and put
senior citizen man affort and a senior
citizen wife at gunpoint to frisk their
pajamas for eleven-year-old financial
fraud allegation that's an intimidation
tactic not the way law enforcement is
supposed to work in the US for
especially for white-collar crimes
a cart that goes on to say quote
Muller's probe more resembles an empire
with 17 prosecutors retain on the public
dime so what exactly is the crime of the
century that requires five times the
number of lawyers the Justice Department
customarily assigns the crimes of the
century no one can say no one can say
this is out of control
McCarthy then finally says the way it's
supposed to work the Justice Department
learns of a crime though it assigns a
prosecutor the contrary this Justice
Department assigned a prosecutor make
that 17 hyper-aggressive prosecutors and
unleash them to hunt for whatever crime
they could find if you sense that this
cuts into the presumption of innocence
you're onto something I mean it's really
really that bad when you combine that
with the leaks leaks that we know
Muller's office already engages in
because you got to pay five point eight
million dollars of taxpayer money to
settle the defamation claims a picture
starts to emerge doesn't it but don't
take my word my empirical experience
don't take any McCarthy's word how about
former FBI assistant director in charge
James Kallstrom a guy universally
regarded globally regarded as a
consummate law-enforcement professional
as one of the greatest law enforcement
executives in my lifetime you ran the
first World Trade Center bombing and had
a sheikh abdul-rahman identified and
apprehended within weeks
hallstrum is outstanding outstanding he
says I think there's a huge conflict of
interest Muller and Comey are close
close friends and the conflict their
interest is so apparent what crime are
they going to be investigating there's
not even an articulated crime these are
all James Cal strands words in an
interview with a Laura Ingraham he was
really surprised he said I was really
surprised I mean that Bob Muller and I
was on his Advisory Council for almost a
decade I was shocked that he would
actually accept it the role of special
counsel because of his conflict of
interest Kallstrom keeps going on and on
and on and he questions Comey says Comey
should have resigned the day Loretta
Lynch asked him to change the Hillary
investigation from investigation a
matter but why would that matter do a
guy like Muller right he's not gonna
look at that because he changed the
internal investigation that painted him
as flawed from inspection to review it
all ties together it all ties together
kostroma ended his interview by saying
something and I think it's a really good
way to end the show today he said it's
really time for the leadership
Republican leadership in the Congress to
say enough is enough
how more and many more witnesses have to
come forward and say there's nothing
there
how many more innocent people have to be
bankrupted with legal fees
how much more time does the public have
to waste how many more false fake news
hits does the president have to take
about non-existent Trump Russia
collusion before Muller's arguably
unconstitutional far outside its scope
exorbitant ly expensive witch-hunt is
put a bet if you like this content I
want to keep bringing it to you please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
you
