it's one thing to look a gift horse in
the mouth it's quite another thing to
kick its teeth in the metaphorical horse
I speak of his President Trump the guy
performing the Bruce Lee style drop kick
to the jaw is Lavar ball someone who has
instantly redefined the term ingrate
probably know the story about those
three UCLA basketball players who were
caught shoplifting some high-end the
Louie Vuitton merchandise in China
shoplifting is taken very seriously in
China and these three stooges could have
faced years in a Chinese prison for
their alleged crimes
well enter president Trump applying his
art of the deal tactics Trump was able
to negotiate the release of these three
knuckleheads for these kids and their
families this was really akin to winning
the lottery given the bleak consequences
they faced but because Trump is Trump
even this act of graciousness must get
politicized thanks to those on the Left
who hate the President on a visceral
level even when the president is
orchestrating a minor miracle case in
point
Lavar ball the father of one of the
students li angelo ball hasn't even
bothered to thank the president or even
give the president credit for his son's
release this despite the fact that li
angelo potentially faced incarceration
and no likert of mba contract to fall
back on either father ball whose eldest
son Lonzo plays for the LA lakers has
repeatedly minimized trump's involvement
in getting the three students out of
china he had this to say on CNN quote if
I feel nobody did anything I don't have
to go around saying thank you to
everybody
end quote yeah nobody did anything your
son was just magically released from a
Chinese jail by a passing leprechaun
perhaps what a prick indeed how bad is
lavars ingratitude well here's a minute
of that CNN interview with Chris Cuomo
now when the likes of CNN go to bed
for Donald Trump you know a line has
definitely been crossed did he help the
boys get out I don't know why do you
don't know if I was gonna thank somebody
all right I'll probably thank President
Z President Xi oh thank you he's in
China he's the head he's a true the
president in China true and the
president of the United Nation
somebody can make a suggestion and
somebody could do something you got
people that make suggestions you got
people that do things
use the saying I have some things done
I'll talk to some people to do some
other things too and it's like I said
people trying to it doesn't matter I
mean it's not big names like you're
thinking of yeah mr. ball you definitely
are not one of the other guys you are a
classless ungracious ungrateful jackass
you are a despicable role model for your
sons and can anyone blame the president
for voicing his displeasure over the
elder balls reaction
check out the tweet he sent out on
Thanksgiving Day quote it wasn't the
White House it wasn't the State
Department it wasn't father lavars
so-called people on the ground in China
that got his son out of a long term
prison sentence it was me end quote
bottom line mr. ball man up apologize
for what you said thank the president
for what he did that would be called
doing the right thing I won't hold my
breath waiting for you to do that for
the rebel media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks the rebel has an all
new fall lineup please visit the rebel
dot media slash shows and check it out
you
