did I on Mark Latham I'm here at the
National Conference of the Australian
Christian Association in Sydney on
Saturday we've been talking about how we
can protect and preserve our Western
civilization I've been here with my
outsider colleague Ross Cameron we're
going to give you a seven or eight
minute package of highlights from our
speeches and it makes the important
point this fight is so vital we've got
to ensure that libertarians and
conservatives and traditional Social
Democrats and Christians all unite to
fight as hard as they can for Australian
values against the left here's what Ross
and I had to say political correctness
come from the social engineering the
identity politics the cultural Marxism
all the madness we hear on a daily basis
in our institutions where is it coming
from
and what can we do about local to you
three motives or reasons why this
madness is brings Australian public life
the first is the very worst thing
happens the web between politics and
that is they got wealthy if you see the
head lift a set of politics joining the
labor party out of Green Valley at
people out of poverty we have to try in
socio-economic disadvantage now you know
here the Labour Party with greens or
lefties talk about all people anymore
you know we don't achieve the before the
Berlin Wall before they are saving that
probably had a sense of complacency that
we've seen the Marxist project off in
fact we know he's seen on part one half
of Marxism was about economic control
can they control the means of production
distribution and exchange and that was a
wretched project that collapsed in on
itself because in human nations they
want to complete they want to excel they
don't want to work hard and then be paid
the same as someone else's just liking
all the system people believe in
incentive and entrepreneurialism and
having a go and the same ways you fell
over for that reason and we're going to
be complacent and all of us in devices
will never hear of that again but there
was another perhaps more insidious part
the Marxism is now on the march and in
large part is capture the majority of
Australia's public institutions and we
call that cultural Marxism because still
the leftist impulse is always to control
my psyche schools is the best
demonstration and the fear silenced
annual or cultural Marxism is about yes
I suppose was supposed to be a nurse
bullied program nothing to do with that
whatsoever it's all about teaching
people there's no you fix the gender or
sexuality or biology in the world is
actually an anti education program for
young boy you can be a bill tomorrow and
a boy
everything should be hypnotized by
capitalist propaganda and hegemony
you should understand if nothing is
sustainable and reliable in our society
and you should think of everything has
been open and variable and fluid and
it's designed to confuse young people
about their sexuality and she said in
part of the neo-marxist program to get
young people so and your tailor tonight
I'm feel about their place in society
I'll join this cult but it's the
existing order the third aspect the
third related aspect of the Weibull neck
that we bracele food policies and
methods is called post structuralist
Marxism and it was prominent in Europe
in the late 1960s its attitude is that
all of history all of our knowledge all
of our values allow understanding and I
believe in the bootleg burn is all
fabricated as a capitalist constructs
but there's no such thing as beeps
knowledge in our society we can laugh
but this is what these runs believing
it's unbelievable but but they think
that everything we know learnt at school
our parents any part of society is in
fact the response crack means blinking
eyes to get us we sit next accept the
existing social order of capitalism and
free enterprise a good point I'll make
sure to conclude what we're going for as
it before the old Soviet Union there's
something more powerful the left of
leftist politics in a human nature I'll
say be new you fell down people like
competition and selling and
we're going to now hope that it's
essential to human nature people believe
in freedom they believe in marriages
they believe in the excellence of the
West they believe in rationality
knowledge reason educating the values of
their lives and you can try and
brainwash these kids in the schools and
universities but human nature will push
through and I'm going to say politics
aside and the power of government side
of always ability of the human nature
will push through and revival so I might
further institutions of the growing more
valuable particularly through human
being as a human in the world of the
internet which is the freedom on this
stuff and I take inspiration from them
don't assume for a moment mrs. have been
hypnotized in schools and universities
they kind of fall for this nonsense
human nature will work through an
innovative 15 years by that rebellion we
people a demanding freedom merit reason
knowledge and respect for our
civilization it would be gathering pace
and starting to push back the forces of
darkness then the the deep state will go
out of its way to prosecute and destroy
someone with a dissenting opinion again
there's no interest whatever of the
speed of travel of the morning people
are excited care that we make we find
that is deeply intensively concerned to
curate the sexual development of our
children in schools but it has no
concern that every year we call the
further behind in literacy and numeracy
and pushing for what is the deep state
is this a kind of conspiracy that you
are imagining Ross I am the last one to
believe my conspiracy
my problem is that last 20 years all the
conspiracies have turned out to be true
that is the big problem and I say that
the indicia of the deep state it which
is a kind of compact a sort of New Deal
which has emerged between the be
institutions of government the
government departments semi government
agencies then the non government
organizations who George Soros funded
once were charities now are just keeping
organs of political correctness they and
then you get the masthead media which is
effectively receiving over Melbourne age
CNN New York Post innocently see the
Australian Broadcasting Corporation the
persecution like mark and the
persecution that lays them is this sort
of twitching irritation the bird in a
saddle on this deep state coalition of
government of media of corporations
which have all sold out we are you are
effectively making like the Christians
in the catacombs and the sound of around
soldiers you know matching other bhakti
we don't really have the luxury to be
rushing around
for the problems in each other's eye I
still say that they say funny it back in
and I am NOT going to die line down I
giving in hoisting up a white play when
we've been led by a batch of if you
liked that video please share it with
all your family and friends on social
media and to subscribe and to our shows
and support the mark Latham's outside is
rebel australia platform please have a
look at the rebel dot media slash shows
you
