mr. Trudeau do you plan to offer an
apology for the hee-jae have hopes to
the Asian community well I'm at the
Chinese cultural center in the centre
Anto anxiously awaiting the guest of
honor that would be Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau would love to ask Justin
Trudeau a couple of questions
particularly questions that affect the
Asian community such as is the Prime
Minister ready yet to apologize for the
hijab hoax he was so very quick to
accept the illusionary rantings of a
young Muslim girl but never said sorry
to the Asian population once the hijab
cutting which turned out to be a hoax
also this is the prime minister who said
he would take personal responsibility if
you recall two years ago for those
Syrian refugees coming into the country
and of course 28 year old ibrahim ali
stands accused of first-degree murder
killing 13 year old marissa shen last
year in burnaby i'd like to see what he
has to say about that how he plans to
take personal responsibility for mr. o
ali's alleged actions and what he has to
say to the shan family so hopefully
we'll get a chance security's little
tight we're kind of persona non grata
here but we'll give it a good old
college try we will always defend in our
core values like the fact that Canadian
Canadian in the Canadian
they're more to see you thank you so
much but to see you everyone so what do
you have to say to the family of Marissa
Chen whose daughter was Marie murdered
by a allegedly by a Syrian refugee
Lucent Rudolph you pyrazine apologize
for the know what we're doing our job
you're not gonna go and disrupt their
motor Keith I'm gonna do something one
more question
well he's getting more kick no mr.
Trudeau do you plan to offer an apology
for the hee-jae have hopes to the Asian
community
we're trying to let you in with Venu
I'm just hi ask questions well fair
enough yes you're not - it's busy
leaving we get to the motorcade it's a
safety one last time look we have free
country why can't they just ask you a
simple question could ask as many
questions as you want
well I can't obviously all the muscle
we're moving yes well there's a reason
why well I was in the building
losing thank you for cooperating
appreciate it there's nothing moving now
can I offer a question what he's in the
vehicle so no
well folks this is freedom of the press
in Canada circuit 2018 there's just no
time to ask questions if those questions
are deemed to be impolite and as you can
see he dispatches the muscle the guys
with the suits and the weapons and we
tried to ask those questions but it's no
comment both for not apologizing to the
Chinese community for the hijab hoax
accusations and apparently has nothing
to say to the family of Marissa Shen the
13 year old girl who was murdered
allegedly by one of his Syrian refugees
mr. ibrahim ali for the rebel dawn media
I'm David Menzies hey folks are you sick
and tired of the double standard when it
comes to the prime minister regarding
who he will apologize to well please
sign our petition at apologize now
dot-com
you
