so after naming crybaby quarterback
Colin Kaepernick as its citizen of the
year
what does GQ magazine do for an encore
how about urging its readers to rune
Thanksgiving if they have any family
members who happen to be Trump
supporters
reading the most recent GQ column by Joe
Berkowitz one must ponder the question
just how low can the mainstream media go
in its vilification of President Trump
the headline says it all quote it's your
civic duty to rune Thanksgiving by
bringing up Trump end quote
this is accompanied with the subhead
this turkey day consider making life
hell for a few of your relatives
meanwhile check out the accompanying
photo illustration it depicts Trump as a
human turkey who is about to endure
multiple knife wounds GQ is free to run
such an egregious cartoon of course but
could you possibly imagine the outcry if
a right-of-center magazine ran the same
photo illustration except that the
turkey was Hillary Clinton I can already
hear the screams of misogyny and vast
right-wing conspiracy anyways like a
Yoko Ono concert the column begins badly
and then proceeds to get downright
horrid it stated first of all that
Thanksgiving is a celebration of
community and gratitude where we
reconvene in our nostalgia drenched
hometowns and perform time-honored
traditions such as almost sleeping with
your highschool crush and going around
the table to say what you're most
thankful for and where you were on 9/11
Wow you know if they call them just
oozes with contempt and even though it's
been some 16 years since 9/11 it makes
me cringe whenever I hear someone employ
a mocking tone regarding this most
horrific terrorist attack Berkowitz then
goes on to refer to Trump's cabinet as a
collection of quote White House monsters
each one a direct fu to some beloved
ideal there was the EPA chief who
doesn't believe in climate change the
labor secretary who opposed minimum wage
increases be flagrantly Islamophobic
National Security Advisor who might just
be a foreign agent end quote Wow
a single paragraph that encompasses
everything from locker room talk and
Islamophobia to conspiracy theories
and this is what passes for journalism
these days and they suppose at highbrow
mainstream magazine the whole column is
unfunny and downright cringe inducing
just a sort of spirit one one ones to
embrace around Thanksgiving day but I'll
cut to the chase Berkowitz passes along
this bitter advice to his readers quote
if you're headed home to a household
that still thinks a sex offending
gameshow hosts in rapid cognitive
decline was the best choice for a
president it is your civic duty to
filibuster Thanksgiving end quote
but aren't holidays like Thanksgiving
all about getting together and enjoying
the company of family and friends isn't
Thanksgiving all about giving thanks I'm
not against talking politics at the
dinner table and there's nothing wrong
with having a feisty debate but where's
the logic in embracing a scorched-earth
policy like this why would anyone want
to ruin Thanksgiving simply because
others at the table Harbor differing
political viewpoints and say whatever
happened to that left-wing mantra of
love Trump's hate because all I see from
the left these days is sheer
unadulterated hatred political discourse
that is now so spiteful so infantile and
with this turkey of a column you have to
wonder if the people running GQ magazine
even understand the very meaning of
Thanksgiving for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's Wade Menzies hey folks
the Breville has an all-new fall lineup
please visit the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
