story character and careful preparation
are key elements to any great movie but
let's talk about Suicide Squad these
surprise superheroes smashed it
box-office success of 2016 why it is
such an interesting case study into the
incredible dangers of giving in to
social and political correctness for a
movie as well as studio meddling and the
fragile art that is movie making and
also why difficult Eames always work
really well on camera
I've been Davies this is my review of
Suicide Squad
now Suicide Squad came to theatres
August 4 2016 it was made for 170
million dollars but it grossed 740
million dollars worldwide BAM now this
movie was directed by David Ayer and let
me say David Ayer is a great writer and
director he's written and directed on
tremendous projects like fury end of
watch and training day ok Greg guy I do
not put all my problems with this movie
on him this is an example of Studios
listening to social and political
climate stuff changing movies and
stories and characters to fit what
people think they want to see on screen
even though it hurts the story that's
for later let me set the movie basically
a group of unlikely villains are brought
out to save the world we're gonna have a
few bad people do some good for us kind
of thing
yeah that sums up the movie let's get
into my viewer review I'm gonna give it
a three out of five I know why Ben why
you give it a three out of five you said
it was so bad well there's a few reasons
why people will still enjoy this movie
this movie is very unique and
interesting throughout as far as the
characters you would never see these
people normally on screen together this
unlikely band of heroes the music is
surprising and unique the way it's shot
is very unique the visual special
effects are fun to watch scores cool
it's just like kind of a WoW kind of
movie but what really makes it special
for people when they sit in the theaters
are two performances by two terrific
actress specifically Margot Robbie is
Harley Quinn she takes a character that
is potentially useless on screen she was
literally a deranged clown that is
supposed to save the world and makes it
the most fascinating and captivating
part of the entire movie so much so she
may even get her own individual spin-off
that's how good Margot Robbie was this
character that is a literal cartoon
barga is a powerhouse literally the new
and maybe even better Charlize Theron
where every role she takes is unique her
presence is palpable and her preparation
is unprecedented and any example of this
is an interview she did with Jimmy
Fallon where there was one scene of the
movie that she had to perform underwater
and just this one scene she went to work
with a specially trained deep-sea diver
so she could hold her breath for five
minutes just so she could do some extra
stuff underwater to make it even more
impressive on screen that is a master of
your craft that is the work that goes
into it Margot Roby's fantastic hope she
books a lot of stuff another thing that
people are gonna like when they watch
the movie is dead shot because Will
Smith plays that shot he is one of the
most charismatic actors in Hollywood and
his performance is no different as
Deadshot
he is fun to watch his interesting
- on camera become like the through line
of the story and people can be drawn
entertained by those people in the
spectacle and enjoy the movie
now for my critic review I'm gonna give
Suicide Squad a 1 out of 5 because there
are so many parts of this movie that
drive me crazy and that worries me about
film and how it can be completely ruined
by outside pressure this is gonna be
more of a rant so bear with me for a
second but the first problem that I have
with the movie is all the things that's
trying to do there's almost there's
three stories really going on you have
Harley Quinn and the Joker trying to get
together give you the backstory to care
about these two people it's like their
own sideshow of a movie then you have
this weird mob world that they're in
that's also tied in there with Batman
everything going on then you have all
these new characters they're throwing
together trying to save the world
there's like three things smash together
and a lot of that is well we have this
set up always their storylines and then
they did research because they feel like
you might care about these characters
more they want to highlight certain
things it's become a nightmare and a lot
of these chains were made because of the
social climate going on screenrant's a
leaked list of changed themes and
elements and scenes the movie that were
switched later because of various
pressures going on specifically when it
comes to abuse and relationships as well
as the unfun things that they were
worried about and so they changed the
characters around these lists of things
they're worried about from social
backlash basically and when you do this
when you take out certain elements or
backstories or character motivation you
don't believe any of it all of a sudden
all the things they do on screen you're
just like why did they do that nothing
happens because it's justified or it's
earned or because you understand what
they're going through it's just like I'm
gonna all of a sudden be good or be bad
or do this do this do this and it's just
like it's madness
one of the relationships that was hurt
the most by this is the complex one that
is originally done between the Joker and
Harley Quinn in the cartoons even in the
kids cartoons that we all grew up with
you could see the abusive relationship
that she's in she's not in it with the
Joker because he's a great guy really
good-looking or even that wealthy she's
with him because he's manipulative he's
abusive and it's a terrible relationship
that he controls her in and that's what
they're gonna grapple with in this movie
you never know why she's really with the
Joker you don't believe why they'd be
together just flashes so quick because
like oh we have to take all these scenes
out where you see him being abusive
verbally physically manipulative trying
to like control her in every possible
way oh because there was like oh we
can't bring that to screen because we
might start some controversy but it
would have shown the evil that goes on
in these relationships you could have
believed
that you could understand the motivation
as well as it would have been a great
commentary on how people should get out
of these relationships are bad and toxic
and here's an example of it but instead
they back down and decide to make any
loving relationship which made no sense
and it was just so weird to see them on
camera together and it was it was like
flat just stupid the structure and
situation of the movie itself though
sometimes unbelievable is not the most
distracting part of the movie and it's
not what hurts me the most when I watch
this it is that the changes they made to
make every character more political or
change screen time or trying to make a
point
Bruins it none of the moments and
changed in the characters make sense I'm
not talking about like plot holes where
it's like oh I believe this character
but how they get there that fast or how
did they know ahead of time like those
are plot holes these are character holes
that make zero sense because you can't
there's no motivation or reason for them
to do it and we give you a few
situations specifically where it shows
this okay so this specific scene takes
place right at the halfway point in the
movie where there's no turning back
moment these villains are all villains
been doing bad stuff for a long time
they're all called out and forced to be
on this mission to say people against
their own will they don't want to save
anyone okay now the leader is Deadshot
his whole backstory is somewhat noble
where he's doing everything for the sake
of his daughter then at the halfway
point Harley Quinn abandons the entire
group these random misfits and know each
other for about six hours she's running
away and Amanda Waller comes up and say
okay Deadshot if you shoot her I'll give
you your freedom your daughter can get
whatever you want
even in that moment decides not to shoot
her why ah so your whole point is to
save your daughter in this moment you
can by shooting a criminal and you Dolph
and then boom rain turns to me is like
yeah good on you mate which makes no
sense either for his character in his
opening sequence he kills his criminal
partner he kills his partner which
Harley Quinn is his partner in this
because he wants more money and yet good
on you mate for not killing this girl
when we needed to get out of Seoul
situation why and you'll see this happen
throughout the entire movie where they
tried to change the situation to make
the villains are not actually bad people
though they do bad things they kill a
bunch of people and they steal and Rob
they're good people but the good guys
are bad guys please care about the
villains is basically they're trying to
do the entire time now yeah so for my
favorite view I'm still gonna give this
movie a 2 out of 5 biblically speaking
we're never too far away from redemption
you see these criminals in this
that have done some really horrible
things but they came they can be
redeemed there is hope and the biblical
sense you can never be too far gone for
the Lord not to bring you back and this
movie definitely has some elements of
that see romans 23 3 for all have sinned
and fall short of the glory of God and
we are all justified freely by His grace
through the redemption that came by
Jesus Christ now one of the only
emotional elements of this movie that
lands is Deadshot's character that they
reshot to give a more backstory you see
him struggling to take care of his
daughter he wants to be there for her
but because of his life and his mistakes
he can't quite be there for her yet
but he surrenders himself to try to be a
good example to his daughter he then
uses his gifts that he was using for
evil to protect other people to save the
world as well as take time off his
prison sentence and protect and take
care of his daughter in the future
however Diablo is the best example of
this a man with a lot of power and a lot
of corruption loses control kills his
entire family and because of that he
never wants to use his powers again he
knows he can't undo the past and he
lives with that shame however he also
finds Redemption and this protects him
from enchantress at one part in the
movie enchantress is manipulating people
trying to make them see what they want
to see everyone falls for this except
for Diablo cuz in his dream he sees his
family alive that's all he wants but he
knows it's a lot he can't change the
past he can't change what he did but he
can change the future and what he does
is he sacrifices himself for the others
and he finds Redemption now this really
worries me I hope other movies don't
fall into the same traps this movie did
were they trying to change characters
and back stories that would make them
more complex and believable because of
political correct reasons it is still a
fun movie to watch however it could have
been a lot better and yeah let's hope it
doesn't happen in Justice League we'll
find out in a week well we I'm Ben
Davies for the real rubble review if you
liked this video and others like it
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you'll have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
