Trudeau and geudael say that Canada is D
radicalizing terrorist but that's that's
not true here look let me quote here but
the government doesn't know how many
radicalized people are actually being
spoken to or who they are
Public Safety Canada says it can't
provide statistics because the Canada
Center does not directly intervene with
radicalized individuals
moreover the group's the center funds
tend to focus on research over action so
the Canadian government is spending
money publishing research papers about
terrorists sorry how is that stopping
the 60 or is it 600 Isis terrorists from
committing a murder or a rape in Canada
doing research in a university how does
that stop a murderer on the street one
group that has received hundreds of
thousands of dollars from geudael and
Trudeau to handle these terrorists is
called Project someone here's how their
boss described their work running what
we're doing with the analysis that we've
conducted is in fact build a series of
podcasts and counter narratives through
art based pedagogy and poetry to empower
the broader population and understanding
how Isis is using and abusing religious
interpretations that's your big plan to
protect us from the 60 or 600 terrorists
you've got actual murderers and rapists
walking our streets and you're working
in a university somewhere coming up with
poetry and art therapy for these guys
we're gonna be killed but but hang on
what about the law this is a law called
the foreign enlistment acted as a
Canadian law let me read section for any
person who being a Canadian national
leaves or goes on board any conveyance
with a view to leaving Canada with
intent to accept any Commissioner
engagement and the Armed Forces of any
foreign state at war with any friendly
foreign state or whether a Canadian
national or not within Canada induces
any other person to leave or go on board
any conveyance with a view to leaving
Canada with a like intent is guilty of
an offence we translate that into plain
English
it's against the law to go overseas to
fight against Canada or our allies it's
against the law that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
