get a on Mark Latham and today I'm going
to show you the world's most surreal
most bizarre anti racism at well in
Australia we've got a thing called the
Human Rights Commission we've got a race
Discrimination Commissioner called Tim
soutphommasane here he is this guy suit
former son aunty specialising in wasting
our taxpayers money with the weirdest
anti racism agile ever see recently he
had one about taxi driver and another
one about an elevator door closes a
white guy in the elevator he's in there
with a white woman and the beautiful
black woman walking towards the elevator
who lets the doors plays what a load of
baloney now is try and loca do that he'd
let the beautiful dark-skinned woman in
so he's in there with two beautiful
Sheila's good swords hooli burly who
wouldn't do that
come on Australian men are better than
that suit former Sam you really got to
pull your head in and now he's been at
it again over the weekend he's released
an anti racism ad supposedly about rugby
let's have a look rugby union let's have
a look how it starts up yes I'm
Australian but yes I go for the All
Blacks yes you can call me the black
shape you put my foot in it they're
denied have some lamb chops tonight and
then people just assume that I'm New
Zealand are they don't ask what I'm
wearing all of these Jersey and I know
I'm Ozzy I'm born and bred the old
blacks decay ways they're just such a
powerful side you know they've been
reigning supreme for decades now how can
you not want to jump on a bandwagon and
support a team like that I guess each
today and but still I don't think
Colin's got too much to crow about well
is there anyone out there you look how
what the hell this thing is about it's
just weeds Ville it's as strange as
you'll ever see and it gets even weirder
full
giggles and weirdness apparently you've
got a guy there in the All Blacks rugby
Jersey who's really an Australian and on
the other side of the wall a fellow who
looks like a Kiwi but he's at Australian
wearing the Australian jumper can you
figure out any of this crap
that goes on let's have a look if our
countries were to go to war which what
uniform would you put on a carry one or
an Aussie one Oh
to be fair to be fair I think it depends
depends in the moment and what's going
on in the game I think oh you just let
him have it rub the salt in the wounds
try after try and oh did you see that
fair game
slaves of them all in good nature though
I think that's the key sometimes things
have said lucky in the head at the
moment so not meant
words that just throw down left right
and center and like no one really cares
but if you sit down and think about what
we actually say it probably affects
somebody in some way so what's the point
they're making here sledging at the
rugby good-natured barking affects
everyone what's sheep jokes about the
Kiwis or convict vote its convict jokes
about the Aussies it doesn't affect
anyone they're just that the rugby this
suit former so you know the left they
think everything's political
everything's got an intense political
message obviously he's been to some kind
of rugby match and it's freaking out and
he thinks it's all political suit for
masala it's not you imbecile it's just
the game of footy mate it's just the
game of footy and the good-natured
barking doesn't count for jack shit
anyway the ad goes on again at taxpayers
expense let's have a look at it through
to the ending you have to be socially
aware now of what you're doing what you
don't say and what you can and what you
can't say
hey all right good how are you that's
what yeah yeah you know there's uh glee
as I thought you were well that's how it
ended up and that's how it was billed
it's called stand up to racism rugby
separated by a wall two opposing rugby
fans talk racism sledging and trade jobs
find out what happens when the wall that
divides them comes down well I had a
look at that nothing happens nothing
happens when the walls comes down I know
what the racism is in any of that all I
can say to you soot homicide stop
wasting our taxpayers money and make
whatever you're smoking I'll have a kilo
of it if you liked that video please
share it with all your family and
friends on social media and don't forget
our campaign against law fair against
the anti-white racism staying with
Latham comm stand with Latham calm
you
