what does justin trudeau truly stand for
well apparently that all depends on the
time of day where the interview is being
conducted and who's asking the questions
just check out Justin's inconsistencies
when it comes to those refugees
he's recklessly allowing into Canada you
know there used to be a saying back in
the days of vaudeville namely when
you're in New York you'd give them the
Big Apple stuff when you're in Chicago
yeah give them the Windy City stuff in
other words you tailor your message to
the audience you're addressing the
vaudeville days are long gone but the
cosmic clown act known as the Justin
Trudeau show well that continues
unabated even if fewer and fewer
Canadians can stomach it
case in point - you remember Justin's
pledge a personal responsibility should
any of his Syrian refugees fail - whoa I
don't know follow the law of the land
and do something really heinous and do
you remember what Justin told Lara Logan
in a sixty minutes interview back on
March 3rd 2016
he stated that letting in 25,000 Syrian
refugees was a safe and even a Canadian
thing to do check it out
I am more than comfortable that doing
what we've done accepting in 25,000
Syrian refugees does right by both the
safety of Canadians and by the values
that define us as a nation
fascinating first off this business of
taking in refugees being a Canadian
thing to do yeah like in 1939 when more
than 900 Jews were fleeing Nazi Germany
and liberal Prime Minister Mackenzie
King refused to let the msync Lewis dock
in Halifax all of which resulted in the
death of more than 250 Jews when the
ship was forced to return to Germany oh
and by the way that great progressive
Democrat FDR he also refused the ship to
dock in the US but gee what happened to
the Liberal government's refugee
friendly policy some 80 years ago
and those Jews were real refugees
fleeing real tyranny not a bunch of
parasites gaming the system sort of like
we have today and as for this open
border scheme being a so-called safe
thing well try telling that whopper with
a straight face to the family of Marissa
Shen the 13 year old who was brutally
murdered last summer earlier this month
28 year old ibrahim ali was charged with
this despicable crime and Elias you
guessed it one of Justin Trudeau's
fun-lovin Syrian refugees but then again
cut mr. Ali some slack will you the day
Marissa went missing she was prancing
around in shorts as opposed to being
entombed in a burqa so I guess the devil
made Ali do it but hey don't expect this
guy to adopt Canadian values overnight
do you you know what's really perverse
about this ghastly crime if mr. Ali is
indeed found guilty the life he shall
continue to experience in Canada behind
bars at a Club fed prison will still
resemble a life of luxury compared to
living in the shade whole country he
left behind talk about a win-win eh but
back to the CBS interview Trudeau was
also asked this what of one of his
refugees perish the thought
misbehaves would you be just as
comfortable if there was a terrorist
attack carried out by someone who came
through as a refugee ultimately being
open and respectful towards each other
is much more powerful as a way to defuse
hatred and anger then you know layering
on you know big walls and oppressive
policies yeah that's the spirit sure an
Islamist might decide to murder real
Canadians but it's important to be
respectful when dealing with soldiers of
Allah because well terrorists have
feelings too you know but hey that
interview was way way back in 2016 we
may as well be talking about the
Jurassic era in terms of a political
timeline here because here's what Justin
Trudeau said to Paul wells of Maclean's
magazine earlier this month
a lot of people say that some people say
that if it hadn't been for the surge in
Syrian refugees after the 2015 election
guys like this guy would not be here I'm
not one of those oh just look at the
smugness just look at the lack of
empathy for the Shen family who had to
burry the 13 year old angel last summer
just look at how it is impossible for
this shameless shyster to admit he's
made a mistake oh don't get me wrong
folks I'm not saying Justin Trudeau is
completely void of empathy and
compassion he had empathy and compassion
galore back in January for poor little
Cola nomen remember this crime victim
joining me and my brother were walking
together to school and sadly someone
insulted me by cutting my hair job two
times it's my fault really scared and
confused because I didn't feel
comfortable that people are doing this
and oopsie yeah what you just witnessed
there folks was yet another heaping
helping of 100% halal certified takea
delivered by another adherent to the
religion of peace this so-called crime
would go on to be known as the hijab
hoax but once it was revealed that
Justin had been hoodwinked like so many
other political figures and the
mainstream media did he apologize to the
Asian community oh not a chance folks he
actually doubled down on the slander
because the PM said that well the hijab
cutting fable was indeed a hoax there's
still plenty of Islamophobia infecting
our great Dominion which is why we need
free speech restrictions such as the
anti Islamophobia motion m103
what a gutless spineless coward a
man-child who is incapable of
apologizing to the asian community for
maligning them a man-child who will not
issue an apology to the Shen family for
their tragic loss and yet this is the
very same manchild who had no issue
whatsoever in cutting a 10.5 million
dollar check for convicted terrorists
Omar Khadr an Islamist who is nothing
but contempt for tane daeun values this
is the same manchild who cleared his
calendar to meet with Joshua Boyle the
convert to Islam who now faces multiple
criminal charges including beating his
wife meanwhile for anyone wondering how
it is that our appalling prime minister
acquired the nickname jihadi Justin well
you need wonder no longer for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
