nostalgia that is a formidable opponent
especially when you're trying to remake
an academy nominated movie the ax Murder
on the Orient Express came to theaters
November 10th forty-three years after
the original classic so is this movie
better than the original or did a
nostalgia beat the remake also why you
can only handle so many political
elements in a movie and is there ever
true justice I'm Ben Davies this is the
real rebel review
murdered on the already expresses grows
over twenty million dollars currently
but it was made for over fifty million
dollars so we'll see how it does on the
box office scales critically this movie
did about half as well as the original
classic from viewers and critics alike
but let's get in some elements of why
this could be difficult for a movie to
do anyway it is interesting because of
how critically acclaimed the original
movie was and is always very dangerous
to touch especially the original
powerhouse cast including Ingrid Bergman
Sean Connery and Lauren Bacall all being
stars in this movie I mean it is when
you go through it it's amazing that the
kind of stars are in the original and
because this classic movie that did so
well at the box office and the Academy
is based on a world renowned book Murder
on the Orient Express by Agatha Christie
in 1934 there's a lot of steps you have
to climb to try to meet the standard
however 20th Century Fox did not back
down putting together a powerhouse cast
basically an entire row of the Academy
Awards in this movie
Wade Dafoe Judi Dench Johnny Depp Daisy
Ridley just to name a few it is crazy
you're gonna recognize everyone in this
minute
alright spoilers ahead sorry I had to do
this on a mystery movie but I can't talk
about these topics that I'm getting it a
little bit quickly the movie is about a
world-class detective who was on a train
the train gets stuck while he's on the
train there's a murder and there's only
12 people they're all completely
different that could have murdered this
guy and the whole movie is him just
trying to figure it out okay nothing
that okay now so the most interesting
part about this particular movie well
relates to two parts but the performance
by Hercule what that's his character
named Hercule I can't even say his last
name performed by Kenneth Branagh now he
has a character that's fascinating to
watch he balances comedy with intense
reasoning throughout the entire film and
his thought you can't look away because
on screens fantastic great care to the
movie also the directing of the film is
phenomenal when you're on a train
there's only so much you can do but the
way he shoots it the way he changes the
camera shooting on seventy millimeter
films also phenomenal the colors of
contrast everything direct orally was
stunning and beautiful an interesting
it's the same guy Kenneth Brown L was
the lead and directing the movie I can't
imagine the nights of sleep that he lost
trying to prep for this but hats off to
you man you did a terrific job on this
film
alright buckle up view review for the
Orient Express I'm gonna give it a three
out of five
murder mysteries are always captivating
to me I mean I love these kind of movies
and you can see this in a lot of serial
dramas on TV as well
there's nothing like sitting down and
being like alright I'm gonna figure this
out everything on screen you pick apart
you look at each character do I trust
and do I not you saw you see like any
performances or quirks you like okay
maybe that's a clue maybe it's not also
was this person just leading me astray
it's really fun just to sit back and
enjoy the ride when you're trying to
piece together the mystery thriller of
the movie and this movie does it mostly
I mean and a lot of the movie is really
fun Express in the first half you're on
this like timepiece exotic thrill ride
on this train it's like it's old it's
interesting all the characters do a
beautiful job for the time they get
on-screen and the performances each
person really has like their own kind of
monologue the only problem with this is
there's so many characters try to pack
together in two hours that you get such
a few moments of screen time that you
really only have six suspects you only
really buy that six people could have
really done it because the amount of
screen time that they get like they're
trying to like throw you off some other
ones but it's like they're not there
enough for you to really care or believe
that they could have done the murder and
because of this in the second half the
movie it really slows down the first
half is fun and interesting you're
starting like okay whodunit who doesn't
we've done it by the you know second
half the movie you're like well there's
only a few who done it and now we're
just kind of watching and waiting like
come on come on come on and because it's
two-hour run time it really starts to
lag the last 45 minutes unfortunately so
as a viewer you might get a little bit
bored but you're gonna love the first
part of it however is still beautiful
stunning the score is tremendous and
it's a fun still fun kind of mystery
thriller now my critic review is also
gonna be a three out of five what this
movie did well it did very well the
shots trying to contrast it with the
colors and then setting up the scenes in
the mood with the different weathers
that you'd go through on this train it
was really great the way they did that
there's a lot of symbolism a lot of
interesting cameras to kind of give you
an assessment of where there's a
distress in the scene who has power in
the scene with the camera moves like I
said beautifully shot critically well
done the music score and everything
here's where the movie started to fail
and it really comes down to the
characters they chose to focus on and
those the two characters played by Daisy
Ridley and Leslie Odom jr. these
performances are great Daisy did a great
job Leslie did a terrific job at this
role and I would have loved to see their
two characters in a different situation
on this train however when you're just
trying to find murder mysteries and pick
apart everything and you try to get 12
people's screen time it's hard to have
another narrative right in the middle of
it now obviously the story takes place
in 1930 civil rights is not where it
should have been it was a terrible place
for a lot of people especially African
America
and Leslie is an african-american man
who served in the military and he and
Daisy's character have a romance now if
you just had them on screen and said
they were a couple and you know knew
about like the trials they'd be going
through that's fine it's already kind of
imply we know about it but they choose
to really explore it and even set it up
in the beginning of the movie there
weren't the only two characters that get
their own specific screen time when
they're traveling with Hercule in the
beginning of the movie so you're already
attached and kind of know the backstory
you know they're lovers and they're
trying to hide it because of social
stigmas which is a really interesting
story that I would love to know more
about except for on this train where
it's just distracting because you know
neither one of these people can also be
the killers it would have been really
uncomfortable for either one of them
have been the killers and the bad people
in this movie and because they really
want you to understand that the climb
and the difficulty of what this would
have been like in the 1930s most their
dialogue is just like exposition
specifically with Leslie Odom where he
has to give his entire backstory and
Exposition in a very dramatic scene like
their story was the most interesting in
it except you know it can't be them and
it takes him about 45 minutes in the
movie which is why it slows down a lot
during the second half because she's
like well it's not really another
whodunit now a lot of movies fall victim
this they're trying to make points
throughout it like being in Christian
movies myself and many of them a lot of
times they do this with a force
characters in to make a point you don't
believe it and you know it's out of
place and distract from a story and this
this happens in a lot of movies like
this is just one of those cases where I
loved it but it was kind of in the wrong
place the wrong time so now for my faith
and values review I'm gonna give it a 2
out of 5 in the beginning Kenneth's
Master Detective makes a statement where
there's only black and white good and
evil there's no gray in between well
this is something I also believe this is
the first trial given to man in the
Garden of Eden there is a spectrum of
gray if you're unaware however in
Genesis you see Adam and Eve even the
tree of the knowledge of good and evil
and because you are now aware you know
what good and evil is therefore you are
accountable now Kenneth Branagh's
character the master detective makes a
statement he believes every person is
inherently good and evil are only the
rare outliers I would say biblically no
and even in the Lord of the Flies sense
just take a look at what happens when
you lead people to their own devices and
try letting people live with no
consequences and see what happens
children need boundaries
adults need order to be productive and
need guidance like the perfect example
of Jesus Christ and even then we're
still gonna fail which is what grace is
for check Ephesians 5:1 now you're not
Christian or believed in any of the
biblical truths and that's totally fine
to me getting some of the political
elements of this that it can kind of
lead to a slippery slope
which is what I'm seeing also of some
the politics going around today law and
order is very important in any society
you need a higher standard to live by
that is inarguable it gives you the
rights to life liberty the pursuit of
happiness because if you have that no
one can take that away it's not an
arguable thing it is a higher thing than
you are all accountable to unless you
physically stop me from doing that and
in which case you lose your right to go
to jail you know I mean it's a spoiler
because I haven't given way the Indian
till just now but I think this is really
important to talk about now Kenneth's
character finds out they're all guilty
and they're all broken and her because
of what this man does he still says look
I cannot tell a lie so I'm gonna tell
the police unless when he old kills me
however the woman that orchestrated this
entire elaborate plan to take down this
terrible person and have the 12 people
that were hurt by him all stab him and
kill him
she pulls the gun on herself instead of
shooting her cool because she thinks
she's responsible and because this act
her quest to go back in the side okay
now what do I do he decides to lie to
the police and let all the people go so
they can heal now magically because this
guy is dead people that were addicted to
drugs people have heard oppressed people
that were miserable all of a sudden
healed because this one guy has been
killed I argue that would not happen but
obviously this killer deserved to die
for what he did but when you use the
point where you say I found hurt enough
I'm offended enough even though he
didn't attack me necessarily if I'm just
affected enough and I have the right to
kill this person that is a dangerous
slope to go on think about the debate
we're having right now with free speech
if enough people are hurt by your speech
and all of a sudden you lose your right
to not because the law says so but
because enough people's opinions sway if
the law bends too subjective reasoning
and subjective morality and that ball
continues to roll you lose your
inarguable rice because now the argument
is not the law that is inarguable now we
are all subject to the mercies of the
mobs opinion and that can be a dangerous
place to end up I'm Ben Davies with the
reel rebel review if you like this video
and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
Linna
you
