hey guys I'm Kristen Tate and here are
three stories that you probably didn't
see in the mainstream media this week we
all know that political correctness
continues to spiral out of control in
this country but this week the
bureaucrats in New York City get the
award for taking PC craziness to an
insane new level officials in the Big
Apple have removed ladies and gentlemen
from audio announcements on the city's
MTA subway system why because it's
offensive
MTA personnel have additionally been
ordered not to use the term instead
they're supposed to use inclusive terms
like everyone or passengers according to
the do-gooders running New York City the
term ladies and gentlemen is a trigger
for anyone who doesn't identify as a man
or a woman now if we think the city
won't be enforcing these new rules think
again MTA managers and train supervisors
have been ordered to actively monitor
subway workers to make sure they don't
slip up and say the offensive phrase
don't these bureaucrats have anything
better to do with their time there is an
evidence of even one person actually
being offended by the term ladies and
gentlemen that didn't stop them from
creating these new rules anyways this is
just the latest in a national trend when
will the madness end I mean our society
has become so obsessed with inclusion
that we now have taxpayer subsidized
city workers tasked with being the PC
police to look out for anyone who might
unknowingly offend people by saying the
term ladies and gentlemen rather than
focusing on issues that actually affect
everyday Americans like taxes in the job
market many on the Left continue to
pander to low information voters with
silly social issues like transgender
bathrooms Confederate statue removals
and gay wedding cakes these new MTA
those are just the latest example of a
well-meaning measure to promote
political correctness that does nothing
but waste taxpayer dollars and distract
from the pressing issues affecting
millions of New Yorkers every day gun
violence continues to plague the city of
Chicago but the mainstream media never
wants to talk about it last weekend at
least 18 shootings occurred in the Windy
City two men were killed and at least 16
more people were wounded the weekend
before that five people were killed in
24 more were wounded in city shootings
now the left continues to ignore this
tragic carnage because it doesn't fit
their narrative Chicago is home to some
of the strictest gun laws in the u.s.
yet it still continues to be plagued
with deadly shootings these shootings
often happen in broad daylight and they
show that stricter gun laws don't always
lead to fewer shootings
after several tragic mass shootings in
the u.s. like the most recent one that
occurred in a Texas Church the left
frequently demands more gun control the
politics and emotion must be put aside
to objectively assess the effectiveness
of strict gun laws and the data
overwhelmingly suggests that stricter
gun control doesn't yield lower pry this
is clear when you compare Houston and
Chicago who stood in Chicago are
America's third and fourth most populous
cities and are home to nearly identical
demographics and populations both cities
struggle with drugs and human
trafficking yet in 2016 there were only
three hundred and two murders in Houston
fewer than half of Chicago's 762 murders
now Texas has relatively lacks gun laws
compared to Illinois and the state
allows concealed carry bottom line
criminals in Houston know that wherever
they go
many citizens are probably packing heat
for self-protection now admittedly gun
control advocates do have good
intentions but ultimately good
intentions don't always yield positive
results how many more people need to die
in Chicago before these well-meaning
legislators recognize the hard data now
I thought I would end today's show at
the story that's particularly unusual
even in the current news cycle a white
Florida man named jadoo says that he
identifies as Filipino according to
jadoo who was born with the name Adam
he's part of a growing group of people
who identify as trans racial now
transracial refers to someone who is
born with one race but who identifies as
another jadoo says he grew up enjoying
filipino food culture and events he says
he feels like he's in his own skin when
he's immersed in Filipino culture no I
bet you haven't heard of this guy that's
because the mainstream media is avoiding
this story at all costs because they
don't know how to react to it the left
has been pretty quick to embrace the
choice to be transgendered
yet seems to completely shun the choice
to be trans racial do you remember
Rachel Dolezal she was a white woman
living in Washington State who came
under intense scrutiny when she was
revealed as being trans racial for years
Dolezal had fool people into thinking
she was a black woman sheet and her skin
she combed her hair she even led the
local n-double-a-cp group as its
president when the public found out that
she was white the media freaked out
Dolezal and others who identify as trans
racial infuriate the mainstream left and
are frequently accused of appropriating
culture a lot of people are wondering
why is it appropriation when a person
wants to live as a different race yet
it's completely accepted when someone
wants to live as a different gender
it can actually be argued that it makes
more sense to identify with different
races because races are you know
intertwined and associated with a lot of
cultural aspects of life like food music
and traditions things that can be
enjoyed by almost anyone now it's still
not clear if the attitudes towards the
growing transracial population will
change with time but for now
jadoo should prepare himself for being
accused of the high crime of cultural
appropriation if he gets treated similar
to how Rachel Dolezal did won't be a
pleasant ride for jadoo thanks so much
for watching I'm Kristen Tate and that's
the buzz
