I'm here at the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany now I'm not
allowed inside the building behind us
because the UN banned me for reporting
last year I asked a Canadian delegate a
question I asked her if she was with the
Canadian delegation the UN said that was
harassment so they banned me but you all
signed this petition there are 12,000
signatures on here and I'm going to
hand-deliver it to the UN and hopefully
they'll let me in next year let's go I
just went in to the UN complex as far as
I could get and I tried to hand-deliver
your petition your lettuce report
petition the petition reads we demand
that you the United Nations and their
blacklist of Canadian journalists who
don't agree with their climate alarmism
there are 12,000 signatures here and
with 25,000 people here and endless
amounts of UN bureaucrats milling about
I can't find a single person to put this
in their hands so I'm going to do the
best I can do to still get this petition
inside the UN complex I can't get into
the UN complex I can't get anybody who's
working at a desk in a UN complex to
take your petition I guess they don't
care and they don't want to hear from
you so I thought I would do the best
that I could do get it close as I can to
the UN building that's just behind me
and I'm going to shove it under the
fence they say welcome but they don't
mean me forth rebel media I'm Sheila
Gunn read it's been a really crazy week
here in Bonn Germany at the UN climate
change conference to see all of my
reports go to rebel UN calm
