Wonder Woman our favorite Amazonian
princess is about to return the big
screen in the Justice League so let's
take a quick look back at Wonder Woman
what made this movie good the crazy
obstacles they had to overcome why she
is such a great christ-like figure and I
was the best feminist movie because it
is not a feminist movie and didn't
listen to any of the political correct
nonsense leading up to it and then Tavis
is the real rebel review
Wonder Woman was released worldwide June
2nd 2017 directed by Patti Jenkins who
is about to get paid apparently she has
just complete her negotiations for
Wonder Woman - and will be the
highest-paid female director ever good
for her she did a great job in this
movie I will say I'm a little bit
worried because every time this happens
in the second movie where all the actors
and directors do a good job everyone's
pays go up production has to be lowered
to offset cost and writing and story
kind of fails hopefully that doesn't
happen in the second movie but I digress
now the movie was led by gal gadot who
played one woman and was written by
Allan Heinberg it grossed over eight
hundred twenty million dollars worldwide
and exceeded everyone's expectations so
first let's take a look at some of the
crazy obstacles that patty Jenkins Gail
and Heinberg had to go through to get
this movie to happen first off the
script originally Joss Whedon had taken
a few passes the scripts only had been
passed around Hollywood for a long time
fortunately those movies never made it
to the big screen because allegedly I
haven't read the script but Josh Whedon
scripts and other scripts were all
garbage and this one was actually very
very good another obstacle was casting
actresses as Wonder Woman the most
iconic female superhero in history
there's so much pressure on that hand
originally there were names like Lindsay
Lohan and Mischa Barton thrown around to
play Wonder Woman thank goodness that
never happened another obstacle this
movie had to overcome was a limited
amount of theaters worldwide because
some countries were banning it including
Qatar Lebanon and Tunisia they ban the
movie from being shown because first
they said the movie was unrealistic what
other reports show that they were being
banned in these specific countries
because gal gadot is an Israeli woman
who served in the Israeli Special Forces
and they're not a big fan of Israel
fortunately this movie didn't need you
anyway because it still crushed the box
office is one of the top-rated movies
ever I think the biggest obstacle to
overcome were feminists in general that
were really wanting this movie to be
their version of what feminism is a lot
of people wrote that this was fat
shaming that someone like Gail who is a
runway model and in great shape was
playing Wonder Woman as well as other
people complaining that she didn't have
armpit hair and how this is anti
feminism because she would normally have
armpit hair or whatever also the fact
their marketing protein bars it was just
crazy
all the stuff
we're saying about the movie and
complaining about it fortunately patty
Jenkins Heinberg and Gayle ignored all
this and made a great move can you
imagine what one of them would have been
like if they listened to all his input I
mean I would have been crazy but because
of the great pressure in the movie
because they knew they had to pull this
off right I think they made the best
version of her they ignored what
everyone thought one woman should be and
they decided to make her who she is she
is a powerful loving and compassionate
person in the movie which is why we like
her why she's such a great christ-like
character my viewers score of this movie
was a 5 out of 5 one of the reasons it
was so great was because this movie had
it all had something for everyone had
the romance if you wanted that it had
some the comedy it had the action the
adventure the spectacle also the
characters change and grow through have
you seen you get to watch them be
dynamic and not static and I'll stay the
same they learn new things about each
other and relationships change and it's
great to watch unlike movies like Thor
Ragnarok were was just one note all the
way through where it's like set up jokes
set up jokes set up joke this movie
changed was dynamic throughout it now
the best part for the viewers is going
to be gelded those version of Wonder
Woman Diana Prince as the Amazon and
I'll say this this is the best cast
superhero lead since Robert Downey jr.
was cast as Iron Man which fighting out
was almost Tom Cruise the most wanted
Tom Cruise in the movie but they went
with Robert Downey jr. thank goodness
they Danielle did such a great job of
literally walking the tightrope of being
this loving caring compassionate yet
strong courageous unwielding person and
she navigated it flawlessly just like
she did the runways when she was an
international supermodel but let me go a
little bit further it is not always the
best actor which obviously she was great
actress in the movie it's not always the
best actor that is best for the role not
always do you embody the character for
example Tom Hiddleston is a fantastic
actor who brings Loki to life every time
he's on screen and Thor was originally
tested for the role of Thor himself but
even though they knew he was a great
actor he just wasn't quite the character
he didn't embody Ben what didn't have
the physicality didn't quite look like
him gal is a terrific actress and she
completely embodies the strength and
care that needs to be done in Wonder
Woman she herself certain the Israeli
military and you can believe every time
she comes on the screen and yes she
could be this Amazonian warrior princess
that we love I also got a brag on her
too because she performs some of the
scenes the movie would
was five months pregnant and had a green
screen over her stomach absolutely crazy
she did fantastic job in the movie
another great surprise in this movie was
an element that I thought they would
completely ignore because I thought they
want to make it a feminist movie where
no woman needs anything to do with a man
to do what she needs to do and doesn't
care from at all but in this movie the
romance is fantastic Chris Pine this
movie really brings Steve Trevor to life
and his chemistry on camera with Diana
is absolutely palpable you love watching
them in every single scene but what is
so great about the relationship it's not
just two good-looking actors and
actresses you know are gonna get
together in the movie it's because it is
earned and it's based on mutual respect
for each other a great example is this
Steve Trevor and the bow with Diana when
he did refuses to lie down because no as
an honorable man this has got to be
saved for marriage and you're worth more
than this and then shows a great respect
and admiration for her she appreciates
that and this is a common theme
throughout the other scenes leading up
to it he protects her from other men
they're being too flirtatious he tries
to protect her from the world around her
that she's not used to as well as him
laying his life on the line for even
though he is the immortal in these
situations even though she is a goddess
she sees so much admiration respect and
honor for the man that he is because
he's willing to put his life on the line
to protect her constantly and this
earned mutual love and respect is done
brilliantly by these two actors on
screen and it's awesome to watch it's a
great romance now for my critic review
and give this movie a 5 out of 5 because
of the characters and the writing done
in it and why this is the best of
minutes maybe because she is not a
feminist there's two things about Wonder
Woman's character that is so great how
she is loving and compassionate and her
strength now her loving and
compassionate character is shown
brilliantly in the London scenes you get
to see her ghako her children and really
care for these people as well as just
her personality where she loves ice
cream and joking around the shops
getting dressed it's like dad's kind of
things that make her relatable and fun
doesn't take herself too seriously and
she is not too big to be compassionate
caring nurturing and maternal to the
people around her that is a huge source
of her strength that helps her bring
down areas in the end anyway
also her strength her power and the way
that she wields it the best way patty
Jenkins in Heinberg did this was they
made her powerful and in my herbal
without putting the people down around
her to do so and the fact that they did
not put down these awesome characters
around her to make her
look good but rather made them great
characters that are strong and
interesting and the fact that she could
still separate herself made her that
much more awesome and that much more
wonderful to watch one of the best
scenes of this is in the trenches the no
man zone and this scene could have gone
a completely different direction in this
scene Diana knows she's got to go save
this village across no-man's no-man's
land in World War one they're like no we
can't do this you understand we cannot
cross this this is no-man's land
no man can cross this field and I was
just sitting there been like please
don't do it don't do it because I
thought at this moment she'd be like
well I am no man and she goes out and
they're like I guess we can go now but
no she doesn't do this she turns and
focuses on the obstacle at hand and all
the men are inspired and follow her for
that not because she put them down but
because they see her putting her life on
the line and showing her strength in
spite of that she takes down the
villains on the other side and they end
up saving this entire village is a
beautiful moment that packaging is
including the movie where you get to see
her walk out of the trenches in full
glory of Wonder Woman it's awesome great
scenes maybe I want to go into
everything but there's some really
interesting elements that's moving when
Yuri watch it themes of good and evil
black-and-white realities other shades
of grey in the midst of it all so the
plague of living in a fallen world
because at the end of the day choice is
such a huge aspect of the human
condition where you can choose to do
great evil and great good which kind of
leads me into my faith rating I'm gonna
give this movie a four out of five one
woman's back story is pretty biblical in
a sense Diana is the daughter of Zeus
brought to earth to be the savior of
mankind she sacrificed herself for the
men who do not deserve her and her
greatest weapon is love at the end of
the movie however I think one of the
most interesting aspects of the movie is
not the christ-like symbolism of Diana
but rather the way Heinberg and patty
Jenkins portrayed human beings in the
movie these people that were created in
Zeus's image who he loved dearly are not
controlled by evil they are influenced
by the infection of Ares on the world
who is influencing them to do evil
things Ares is jealous of the way that
Zeus saw these creatures and want them
to destroy themselves and turn away from
him every single human has the capacity
to do great good and also has the choice
to do great evil it is up to them and
there it goes around secretly
influencing them while hiding in the
shadows I think it is also very
interesting that Ares is disguised as a
British Parliament leader of peace he's
the one that is
pushing this armistice to lay down their
arms but secretly going on the war the
Germans are all about to lose the war is
about to be over if they continue to
snuff out evil if they continue to
defeat evil and stop evil where it lay
is it's gonna be fine however under the
guise of peace and equality and hope
he's like no no let's just all lay down
our arms and these people will all be
fine knowing that this war will always
continue it's always gonna happen and
they're still gonna destroy each other
all in all this movie was fantastic and
if you have not seen this movie I really
encourage you guys to do so it's much
deeper than even the beautiful spectacle
that is on screen I think you guys will
really really really enjoy it and I hope
they continue the same themes of Wonder
Woman in the Justice League and other DC
movies to come but well at the
wait-and-see I've been Davies with the
reel rebel review if you like this video
and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
