how's this for the definition of irony a
conference about free speech on campus
was cancelled by a Canadian University
fearful that a discussion about free
speech might offend certain people who
find the concept of free speech
offensive
so there was this summit scheduled to
take place at Toronto's Ryerson
University last August entitled the
stifling of free speech on university
campuses but at the eleventh hour a
conference about a certain freedom most
reasonable people cherish and champion
was apparently too hard to handle for
the politically correct wimps running
Ryerson yes I repeat a panel discussion
consisting of esteemed academics
regarding the ongoing clampdown a free
speech on campus was deemed
inappropriate by a university in a
Western democracy thanks to a vocal
minority who espoused veiled threats of
violence but as the saying goes the show
must go on and on it went indeed the
fine folks at Canada Christian College
made their facility available last
Saturday for the conference it's the
same venue that has hosted rebel events
in the past thankfully there are still
some people who care about freedom of
speech and freedom of expression and
freedom of assembly people who won't be
intimidated by thugs to shut up
pack up and shut down it should be noted
that with the threat of violent
disruption looming from the likes of an
tyfa there was a large police presence
at the college meanwhile inside the
venue guards performed airport style
security searches on the 1500 plus
attendees it might have been annoying to
get frisked and surrender ones water
bottle true enough but it was worth it
given that no amount of intimidation by
leftist thugs was going to sabotage this
event on this day at this venue and so
it was that the stifling of free speech
on university campuses went ahead
featuring free speech champions such as
GAD sad or an Amity and Jordan Peterson
the event was moderated by Serena Singh
who describes herself as a recovering
social worker and with good reason
Singh noted that she used to proudly
label herself as a feminist and a social
justice warrior indeed she told the
audience quote once upon a time
I would have been pissed off about an
event like this end quote
so what changed well after working for
more than 20 years in the Social Work
field a grim realization began to sink
in for Singh namely she concluded that
her industry is corrupt if you deviate
from a Marxist feminist transgender etc
philosophy you will be demoted or fired
Singh realize that the left which used
to fight for free speech has now on a
crusade to stifle free speech if free
speech means that some people are made
to feel uncomfortable or if free speech
runs contrary to the narrative of
political correctness God saw it agreed
pointing to a sign he once happened upon
at a university campus that read quote
we condemn freedom of speech that hurts
other people's feelings end quote sad
noted that universities are now becoming
intellectual echo chambers social
justice feelings tolerance and ideology
is all more important than the truth and
perhaps most sadly of all he pointed to
a study that noted that more than half
of the students on university campuses
today say they practice self-censorship
simply to avoid confrontations and this
climate of censorship as mandated by the
thought police is spreading sad has had
YouTube videos demonetised he's been
temporarily banned from Twitter and he
said stories that were to run in
publications devoted to psychology
spiked outright and again the censorship
of sad has never been about libel or
defamation or slander rather it's about
espousing viewpoints that are not deemed
to be politically correct which again
might be viewpoints that are potentially
offensive to someone somewhere
University of Toronto professor Jordan
Peterson noted that not only are certain
students taking part on a witch-hunt
against him these days but even U of T's
Faculty Association is going after him
the climate on campus he says has
shifted so far to the left that the left
doesn't seem to support what they once
believed in indeed he labels
social justice warriors as nothing more
than intellectual terrorists and
Peterson feels we've reached a true
transition period things can go
spectacularly good or spectacularly bad
but if a glimmer of hope abounds it is
surely this keep in mind there is no
critical mass of students on campus
behind the ongoing jihad against free
speech as Peterson notes they don't have
the numbers they just have to be noisy
this is what's known as the tyranny of
the minority and the speakers noted it
is now incumbent upon the silent
majority to step up and reclaim our
diminished freedoms or risk losing those
freedoms forever in the long run the
price one pays for speaking out is far
less of a price one will eventually pay
for not speaking out this is precisely
what the late great Ronald Reagan warned
of in a speech about Liberty quote
freedom is never more than one
generation away from extinction we
didn't pass it to our children in the
bloodstream it must be fought for
protected and handed on for them to do
the same or one day we will spend our
sunset years telling our children and
our children's children what it was once
like in the United States where men were
free end quote for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey folks
the rebel has an all-new fall lineup
please visit the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
