the woman he's groping and it's just as
bad because she was serving our nation
she's a KABC reporter out of Los Angeles
named Leanne I'm looking at on my screen
here Leanne tweed in' she was passed out
from exhaustion because she was on her
ninth USO tour meeting with and
entertaining the troops and when she
passed out from exhaustion Frank had
moved in and she's written a scathing
account on her website of what Franken
did to her in 2006 this is ear if it
looks whenever my law enforcement I form
a law enforcement hat on for a second
this is arrest of all this is
irrefutable evidence you've a very
credible complaining Vic and
photographic evidence it doesn't get any
better than this
for investigators and prosecutors yeah
it's a very good point and thank you for
the factual Corrections I literally just
saw the photo moments ago and wanted to
jump in on the conversation thank you
for correcting me so you're right this
woman was not a service woman in terms
of she was not a soldier herself but in
a way what she was doing was just as
noble she was going on tours and
entertain the troops and keep morale
high
that's quite that's just as noble isn't
it John oh absolutely and listen if you
speak to some of these entertainers I've
got some friends who are celebrities who
have toured with the USO they're not
they're not back behind the lines
oftentimes they're right there and it's
very easy for a mortar attack or a
sniper to hit where they're performing
so they're putting themselves literally
in the line of fire in that context
they're serving our nation as much as
the troops are watching them you know
for those for that hour or two hours
they're here this is this is a very
commendable thing what Frank and did is
despicable yes and and even if it had
not been a noblewoman who would who is
literally passed out from exhaustion
entertaining the troops even if it was a
nobody that you know Al Franken thought
it was appropriate to go in for a grope
it's and and to take a photo of it like
a victory shot I wonder how many other
photos in Al Franken's secret album he
has and I wonder if he thinks about it
when he's written one of his hundreds of
statements over the years about what a
feminist he is and what a brute that
Donald Trump is and I mean I'm not
saying
that only leftists are pervs and creeps
I'm not saying that but there's an
awfully high correlation between men who
publicly preen how sexually enlightened
they are and how they actually live
their life that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
