consumers still thrive on the Internet
of course we do because we've been
blacklisted from the legacy media from
the mainstream media so there was this
false perception out there that
conservatives just didn't exist the
whole world was liberal but now when
anyone can become their own publisher
virtually for free on Facebook from the
webcam on the computers on their phone
whatever well I guess it's necessary for
social justice warriors to take active
measures to stop people I mean internet
democracy sounded cool in Silicon Valley
when they thought only their fellow
liberals could do it they're appalled
but the unwashed masses on the right
might have their own ideas too
look at this announcement from Facebook
Facebook to add three thousand to team
reviewing posts with hate speech crimes
and other harming posts that's on top of
the 4500 people Zuckerberg already has
doing censorship of your posts that's
what they're censoring they're are not
doing news stories they're going after
what you write on your own Facebook page
but look at how Zeki Berg phrases it he
starts talking in his this is from his
own Facebook page he starts talking
about people who live streamed violence
on Facebook and we can all be against
that but then he just slips in political
judgment calls these reviewers will also
help us get better at removing things we
don't allow on Facebook like hate speech
and child exploitation well hang on a
second those are pretty different things
I mean what is rape one is pedophilia
the other is having a strong opinion
making fun of a Hollywood actress or
mocking Hillary Clinton or supporting
marine lepen all of which the Left calls
hate speech is much different than a
real crime and you see what they did
there oh we have 7500 censors now sure
it's to go after child predators and
hate speech really what do you think the
bulk of those 7,500 people are gonna be
doing they're gonna be shutting down you
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
