today on Mark Latham I'm here in front
of the federal court buildings in Sydney
fighting hard standing up against Osman
Farouk EES anti-white racism well
earlier today we had the first hearing
in this case the law fair by Farooqi
against me and mark Latham's outsiders I
can't show you what was said inside the
federal court room itself but I can show
you how I presented my side of the case
to the assembled media pack this is what
I had to say anyone
and I'm gonna stay cool for town then
we're gonna might live in a democracy in
I don't see the difference you know
think we shouldn't be attacking
dark-skinned people because of their
skin color and so to be attacked quite
simply how this talk about any place in
our democracy can our society but
unfortunately Osman Farook is overdosing
on this but he's totally obsessed by
people with white skin color and they're
denigrating
and bang that he was
take terrible
i-i-i criticize his auntie wide racing
saying my
besides other forms of rice is common in
the public this document you're
attacking licenses in their entirety I
tried again generic parenting Bob
Michael Edwards and I don't see now
widely
so we know what Farooqi is up to this is
lawfare he's trying to break me
financially he's trying to crush mark
Latham's outsiders he's trying to wipe
us out of the political debate in
Australia so I can get away with ante
wide races and this guy's forum has just
been dreadful he's obsessed with white
people and they're denigration he's
trying to remove me as an obstacle
someone who's been standing up to him
now what we found out in the federal
courtroom is that they've set out a
timetable for extensive litigation and a
trial with this matter the the lawsuit
against me by Farooqi and Josh Bernstein
at Morris Blackburn set out the
timetable for 2018 very very expensive
stuff very very expensive stuff I
appreciate our greatly value the support
people have been providing through our
campaign stand with Latham calm but we
now know the expenses will be even
greater we've seen what they had to say
in the courtroom if you can provide that
support
it's truly appreciated stand with Latham
calm this is a big big battle not just
for freedom of speech in Australia but
saying that anti-white racism has no
place in our nation no place in our
political debate stand with Latham calm
I thank you so much and if you like this
video please share it with all your
family and friends on your social media
and support us 100% if you can really
appreciate it
you
