well you'll never guess who feminists
are glamorizing is the women of the year
they're role models well it started with
hid jab Barbie I'm not making that up
Mattel this is not some aftermarket
modification Mattel itself has rolled
out an official barbie wearing the head
jab the this is actually an image from
Mattel I wonder if they're anatomically
correct in terms of their female genital
mutilation that's a horrific joke I know
but it's not really a joke because of
course that is part of the same sexual
submission of women to radical Islam at
the same time Mattel is is llama fiying
girls toys and normalizing the
subjugation of women Glamour magazine
has decided to make Linda Sarsour the
hid jab wearing leftist anti-semitic
feminists as you can see her third from
the left they're one of their women of
the year do you really think that
anti-semitic Pro terrorists far-left
hate in the form of Linda Sarsour and
her hijab is glamorous is a role model
well if you don't you're clearly an
islamaphobe joining us now via Skype is
someone who I sure will have a lot to
say about this our friend Pamela Geller
who is the author of the new book fatwa
hunted in America
Pamela great to see you again what do
you make of the fact that glamour which
is about women being free and sexy and
hair flowing in the wind and Sun in your
face and doing what you want to do is
now holding up a head jab wearing racist
as a role model and little girls are
being taught hide yourself under a under
a face mask or a hijab at least that's
the way well when Glamour magazine named
Pro Sharia Proterra anti-semite Linda
Sarsour one of the magazine's women of
the year it was indeed a turning point
to the left a point of no return
glamour vogue Bazaar these are the
longtime standard bearers of fashion and
beauty
but submitted like like the mother the
Muslim mother holding down her young
daughter for the ritual cut the female
genital mutilation the icons of beauty
are now telling us telling women that
subjugation gender apartheid creed
apartheid honor violence arranged fourth
marriage which by the way sauce sauce
marriage was arranged Jew hatreds and
Sharia of which sorcerer has vocally
supported the Saudi Sharia isn't is now
the new the new radical chic and this is
you know exemplar of an era in which
good is evil and evil is good ugly is
now beautiful know what has Linda saw
saw it done for Muslim women living
under the boot of Sharia what has saw so
done for Muslim girls here in America
who don't want to wear the hijab but
live under constant threat from their
families I mean it's incredible that
glamour would honor a woman as ugly on
the inside as she is on the outside just
look at our tweets Sharia law is
reasonable she says in her tweet about a
couple those tweets here and she is so
extreme here she says ten weeks of paid
maternity leave in Saudi Arabia yes paid
and you're worried about women driving
puts us to shame there's Linda starts to
are literally saying that Saudi Arabia
here's another one nothing is creepier
than Zionism challenge racism normalized
justice check out this video and and
basically oh here's one more talking
about judeo-christian values she says
genocide and slavery as if those are
judeo-christian values
how ironic of course the Muslim world
still has slavery I see in the news
today Libya has new slave markets of
course they're Muslim slave markets back
to you Pam I just wanted to show
something that you mentioned her tweets
I wanted to show them back to what you
were saying yeah no I mean there's so
many I here you know we I have them
you'll know you're living under Sharia
law if suddenly all your loans and
credit cards become interest rate I mean
what they don't charge it for money of
course they do they just do it
differently they don't call it interest
if you're still paying interest then
Sharia law hasn't taken over America
and of course what she said about a yawn
here CLE a woman who suffered under the
boot of the Sharia who had female
genital mutilation who had a
clitoridectomy she says about her what
is ayaan Hirsi Ali see when she looks in
the mirror I pity this woman and she
calls about how vagina to be removed and
she should have an ass woman this is
what Glamour magazine is holding up as a
role model now glamour America magazine
should have held up a yawn hair see Ali
or Nonie Darwish or Waffle town these
are great brave women but they're
holding up Linda Sarsour and honestly I
don't know if you saw her at the gala
and I am fashion girl oh yes I am
fashion girl but she was wearing it was
like a failed parachute I don't know
what it was but it was frightening
it was scary this is the new icon of
beauty then I have to tell you the West
is finished or at least it's finished in
the hands of the elite and we need a
revolution of the mind we need a
revolution of the elites because this is
really scary stuff because this is what
our young girls are being taught yeah
you know what I was in Iraq northern
Iraq and Kurdistan in July and what was
interesting to me is that the Kurdish
part of Iraq at least the parts we were
we were only there for a week how much
women loved their hair they were hair
salons on every block and we ducked in
for a minute to one of them for just to
pick up some TV makeup and all these
women spending so much time on their
beautiful beautiful hair in Kurdistan it
was a freer one of the freer parts of
Arabia
hair met glamour vogue Cosmo all these
women's magazines one of the things they
talked about his hair and showing your
face and being beautiful and now imagine
saying no no no no no the true way to be
beautiful is let's never see your hair
again and that whole part of your look
and your and yours image it's just
obliterated and really how much longer
till the full ninja and you know no
makeup because makeup is haram and the
idea of being assertive and a free woman
and going on dates itself would be haram
like
when you obliterate a woman's hair how
can you call yourself a fashion magazine
in America in in Kurdistan let alone in
America it's insane it is the definition
of anti glamour that's my view well you
know when sauce sauce says I believe
wholeheartedly that we must fight
injustice and inequality
it is Orwellian wars peace and you know
ignorance is strength and all that if
she really believes in fighting
injustice inequality why doesn't she
fight the creed apartheid the gender
apartheid the Islamic you hatred the
misogyny the honor violence the sanction
wife-beating the forced marriage or
child marriage it's all part of Sharia
governance and mores why hasn't sauce or
stood up for the victims of honor of
violence or planted a grove of trees in
their memory as my organization did but
I can assure you we get no accolades we
are demonized marginalized sneered and
rendered radioactive in this world that
the left has completely taken control of
and look what they're doing with it you
you brought up earlier the new Bobby
doll that was modeled after a failed I
failed American Olympian whose only
claim to fame is that she wears the
hijab I mean what next a click cut Bobby
Bobby job right where is the Hindu Bobby
wear it where is the Baha'i Bobby where
is the Jewish Bobby
although Bobby's inventor was Jewish
just a little trivial information there
I mean this is this is this is Sharia
under it under Islam Muslims are quote
unquote the best of people and this is a
form of supremacism
I mean why a Muslim Bobby has anyone
even looked at her vile tweets who was
modeled after it was modeled after empty
Haj Mohammed and she has tweeted out
angry armed and white this is the
typical profile of America's most
violent extremist and don't even ask me
to go into her nasty anti-israel
anti-jewish tweets this is what Mattel
this is what Mattel is holding up as
exalting as iconic simply because she
wears a garment
that is anti-woman it is misogynist the
idea of job and Cobb and and burka is
covering up women why why are they
covering their hair because it might it
might incite men to rape really is this
is what is this one Mattel and glamour
is it this is the narrative they're
advancing it's shocking to me yeah well
it's shocking to you and shocking to me
but it's shocking but no longer
surprising I'm afraid Pamela go it's
great to see you again
Pamela's new book is called fatwa hunted
in America is at the subtitle it is
hunted in America it's not just my story
of being the target of multiple you know
jihad attacks and you know I don't know
if you were aware of it but last week a
leader of a Muslim group who was
plotting to behead me was convicted on
all charges the reason why should be
required reading is I am but a proxy in
this terrible long war Ezra what happens
to me is what happens to every American
or Canadian who stands in defense of
freedom it really is essential reading
thank you so much for having me was
great to see him by the way our own
terracotta we see news that would-be
assassin was arrested by police in India
for plotting to kill him for speaking
out against radical is I'm Tareq fat of
course himself a Muslim of the
progressive variety that he dares to
challenge the more extremist in
interpretation of his faith he was
marked for death and that wasn't just
verbal it was an actual assassination
plot it's true and we're glad you're
safe Pam the great to see you again
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
