great news UCLA basketball fans the
three student-athletes who were detained
in China for allegedly shoplifting from
a Louis Vuitton store in Hong Joo
when they were visiting for an early
season tournament in the country have
now been released and arrived back home
at LAX safe and sound
the trio included Lee Angelo Bal the
younger brother of LA Lakers 2017
first-round pick long zou ball the balls
are a fairly famous family beyond their
basketball infamy thanks to their father
Lamar and is a big baller brand which
has hit the sports landscape with much
fanfare so the fact that member of the
ball family was caught up in all of this
certainly brought attention to the
matter but it was the timing of the
shoplifting incident it occurred the day
before president Trump arrived in China
for his meetings with President Xi now
that is what may have saved these three
student athletes serious jail time China
and I know I'm not breaking news when I
say this has a very strict criminal
justice system crimes that may result in
a slap on the wrist back home in the
States can result in serious jail time
in China such was the case with these
three UCLA players because the value of
the allegedly stolen goods was so high
the three could have faced up to ten
years in a Chinese prison for the record
China's justice system tends to have a
near-perfect conviction rate so should
an indictment have been drawn up they
would almost certainly have been thrown
in jail enter president Trump according
to multiple press reports including the
New York Times
Trump's staff saw a report of the trio's
arrests on TV right before Trump's
dinner with president G after returning
home General John Kelly the president's
chief of staff described to the New York
Times how Trump secured the release of
the three athletes quote our president
said 2g do you know anything about these
knuckleheads that got caught allegedly
stealing the president was saying it's
not too serious we'd love to see this
taken care of in an expeditious way
unquote ji who was not familiar with the
incident at the time sent an aide
according to The Times to find out more
within hours the trio was released and
the charges were dropped it's the art of
the deal folks and I'm sorry but for all
the efforts of the professionals at the
State Department this
is only a thing that gets done because
the president directly raised it was she
no wasting times with diplomats are
using official channels and in that
Trump did these young knuckleheads a
real big favor but you'll need to
forgive me as I'm highly confused as why
Donald Trump would even do this for
months we've been told by all the
official people from CNN MSNBC even the
CBC the Democrats and pretty much all of
Hollywood that there is a white
supremacist in the White House so why
would a white supremacist go out of his
way to secure the reefs of three young
black college basketball players could
it be that Donald Trump isn't actually a
racist and simply did what any good
president should do and look out for US
citizens caught up in legal issues
overseas or even worse when they're
kidnapped
maybe after eight years of Obama
completely failing on this front from
otto warmbier to James Foley Americans
became complacent but I do think the
contrast on how Trump builds personal
relationships with world leaders is
something we should all note here
remember in late September at the height
of of the anthem kneeling controversy
NBA superstar LeBron James called Donald
Trump a bum yet in the days after Trump
secured the release of three basketball
players possibly future NBA heirs LeBron
is dead silent not to mention not a
thank you nada
even the UCLA Chancellor today put out a
statement that completely omitted
thanking the president look I'm not
gonna go plead with anyone to stroke the
president's ego but come on in this case
there is no doubt Trump personally save
these kids from the inside of a Chinese
prison which often includes forced labor
so you know what the like president
Trump Norris policies but decency
suggests you should say thank you and
that's what these three students did
today in their first press appearance
since they returned home they apologized
for their actions and thanked the
president right on for the rebel dog
media I'm Christopher Wilson you know we
here at the rebel think we do a better
job covering president Trump honestly
and give you the facts rather than the
hearsay and the rumors and the palace
intrigue of the media party and the
mainstream media in the States so make
sure you click subscribe on the rebels
youtube channel
you
