for the rebel dawn media I'm as relieved
and I am standing in the precincts of
the mother of Parliament's here in the
United Kingdom and standing with me as
Lord Pearson of ranek what a pleasure to
meet you in your home turf you know the
owner is entirely mine welcome nice for
you to say what was so interesting to me
is that you're appear you're a member of
the House of Lords and yet you are
friends with someone that some would say
is on the opposite end of the spectrum
from you in many walks of life I'm
talking about Tommy Robinson how did
that unlikely friendship come about I
remember now how Tommy and I met I was
asking one of my questions in the Lord's
really trying to talk about Islam and I
was trying to find out I asked publicly
whether to talk about Islam to try and
understand Islam the tenets of Islam and
all that constituted hate speech and
Tommy heard about this and so he decided
to come and listen yeah and he was
supposed to go into the public gallery
as I understood it but of course he met
up with some of my friends and before we
knew where we were he was in the
distinguished visitors gallery in the
front row in front of the Liberal
Democrat Party who all got extremely
jumpy about the whole thing and then I
had such a rough ride in that particular
question which I think has gone on
YouTube and that sort of thing that wind
Tommy came to him and said I'd like to
enter I said yes Tommy come on let's do
an interview so we went and did an
interview together which isn't very good
but it's got some good parts in it and I
met him and I met a most remarkable man
I I met someone who's not at all what
the mainstream media and the idiotic
political establishment Irving would
would have you believe I met the man of
his I don't know his speech to the
Oxford Union I've read his autobiography
enemy of the state and I've also it's
such a work of Muslim Islamic
scholarship that I couldn't possibly
read it but I have looked at his book
which he co-authored with Peter
McLaughlin for Hammonds Iran in which
is a terribly important book because it
attempts to put the Quran into
chronological order and if you don't you
can't understand the basic and
terrifying Muslim tenets of abrogation
whereby the later verses of the Quran
outweigh and cancel the later violent
verses of the sword the versus post
Medina cancel the earlier verses of
peace if you don't understand that you
can't really begin to understand Islam
it's a hugely important book so I met a
most exceptional man and I didn't give a
damn where he comes from and he doesn't
give a damn where I come from we made
friends and it's as simple as that your
observations about Tommy I share them
and other people share them but
typically I find in the United Kingdom
especially in politics in the media in
polite company
people may think those thoughts but if
they dare say them out loud they're
marginalized yeah and deep unperson is
it only because you have the unshakeable
seat in the House of Lords that you that
you can say these things with impunity
yes I think some of the things I've said
in the laws which I say under privileged
parliamentary privilege I can't actually
be arrested for what I say the Lords but
when for instance the other day I have
made the simplest of comments I said the
house was fallen I just said my lord
since nowadays most terrorists are
Islamists and the place erupted but
that's incontrovertible that's a matter
of ever thought but also saying pointing
out that our grooming gang scandal in
this country which is colossal scandal I
mean yesterday I challenged the
government with the fact that if you
extrapolate the times and areas where we
have official and survey official
figures if you extrapolate those figures
nationally we're looking at two hundred
and fifty thousand girls minimum raped
this
century we're looking at between five
and eight million rapes by Muslim men
okay that's the point of these girls and
some would say I don't know enough about
it they're sanctioned in the Koran by
what your right hand possesses and and
and so on I don't know whether it is or
not but I want to talk about it I don't
want it to go on being told but I can't
talk about it and as you say as soon as
you mention it in polite society or
anywhere talking to normal people they
just switch off then they assume but
this is a great conundrum they assume
that because most of the Muslims we know
we all know lots of them they're
peaceful people praying giving arms and
so because they are peaceful so must the
Muslim religion be peaceful and it isn't
necessarily the same thing at all
there's a distinction between
criticizing Islam the doc or the
philosophy religion criticizing an
individual Muslim of course I think some
people are afraid that if you criticize
the doctrine you're necessarily
condemning they always try to me they
say come on you know condemning millions
of innocent people I mean I do say
passel there are that only 8% of the
tip-offs to our police and various
programs we've got against Islam and
only 8% come within our very close-knit
Muslim communities say one does slightly
say if only one percent of these people
are the violent sort what the hell are
the other 99% doing about it what one
could ask for more of that but I have
never criticized my I've got Muslim
friends and we don't and Tommy doesn't
and John doesn't another people I don't
criticize Muslims as such I want to know
about their religion and I want to know
where it may lead when for instance in
15 years
a dozen also of our local authorities in
this country are going to be Muslim
majority because the Muslim birthrate
and I have government answers
this the Muslim birth rate is going up
at about ten times the natural birth
another non Muslim birth rate now that's
quite worrying because when they become
a majority and and all Muslims have a
duty to live under Sharia law or they
have to follow the Quran and the doings
and sayings of the property what's gonna
happen I don't know but I think it's
better we start talking about it now
well--that's house Islam is so connected
to free speech because any other
ideology with capitalism socialism
communism Christianity is open for
criticism some there's communism wasn't
one word against that eight years in the
gulag man they say you know well that's
a good point we had we had a
denazification out we didn't have a D
communist a shit out there oh yeah but
you don't even allow to are you allowed
to criticize Islam in the public square
in the United Kingdom well I don't know
but I can you name someone who does
who's not a Muslim himself
I see Majid Nawaz yeah of the Quilliam
foundation has some courage yeah do you
have to be my he's the sort of person
we'd really want to encourage and the
Quilliam if you're not Muslim yourself
is there can you name someone other than
yourself or maybe Tommy in the center of
public conversation in the public square
who can do it or are you instantly
unperson
where I'd be non personal but that
doesn't buy me if I'm unperson by this
lot I regard it as rather a compliment
he don't blame me at all but I think I
am the only member of either house of
parliament who has tried to talk about
Islam since Winston Churchill in 1896 or
something like that being unperson
retro actively is Lee yeah but what do
you had to say was actually quite
interesting and it's worth a read What
did he say somebody he said he was quite
he was quite precise and negative about
the muhammadans and that the whole
business of intial are and the rest
would lead them to be rather lazy and
not to it's worth a read it's one
paragraph but so I'm the only person
who's been doing it and I've got quite a
few people
piers and things who privately say to me
we think what you're doing is say
well thank you very much you know we're
right behind you all frightfully brave
and so on so forth to which I say well
yeah you may be right behind me but you
seem quite a long way behind me because
when I have one of these questions most
of them aren't even in the chamber a lot
of us in North America watched with
admiration as nigel farage led the
brexit referendum and it was a
premonition of the Donald Trump
phenomenon many of us think yeah I think
we all give credit to Nigel frosh for
that and say we say this is outsiders we
don't know he deserves it fully yeah he
he stays away from the Islam issue very
very assiduously is there a political
force that you said you're the only one
in either house of parliament is there a
force that will talk about these the way
they are in some continental European
countries which marine lepen or Matt t√≠o
salvini or or the alternative for
Deutschland is there a force in the
United Kingdom that will talk about
these in a responsible mainstream way
like ought to be done well we're on the
nigel point i mean i your web see right
nigel is the hero a brexit he deserves a
dukedom for what he did and it's
understandable that nigel wants to see
that through and that he sees islam as
something of a diversion which is
possibly a little ahead of its time and
he could be right about that but he and
others will get on with brexit I don't
know the Conservative Party I mean none
of them the problem is that none of her
politicians or our bureaucrats or our
political media none of them have ever
done a deal in their lives so they don't
understand how an incredibly strong the
United Kingdom's hand is in these
negotiations they don't understand that
we have the upper hand in mutual
residence because the formula to them
living here 1.2 million of us living
there and we've offered them mutual
residence the Christmas before last
and you can see what drives the
commission it's only ambition and life
is to keep the project going so turned
around to that and said we were making
its people into bargaining chips so on
mutual residence we've got the cards on
trade we've got the cards because if we
are forced back to the WTO the World
Trade Organisation instead of continuing
with a free trade we already have they
will pay us some thirty and a half
billion in extra tariffs we will pay
them five
thank you very much profit of eight
billion on security with part of the
five eyes with you will go on giving
them security which has foiled most of
the Muslim plots in and when they've
agreed all of that in the interests of
their people all that is in the
interests of people okay we got more
than it isn't asked but then we should
tell them how much money we'll give them
instead of which we've allowed them to
do it the other way around we allowed
them to start demanding forty billion
pounds to allows out of this wretched
thing and what are politicians but they
simply haven't understood what motivates
the Commission the bureaucrats the
unelected Commission in Brussels who
have the monopoly of proposing all the
laws which then go into a secret body
called Cairo / which arguable all the
laws all this in secret it all comes out
goes to the Council of Ministers and
then it's law and there's nothing this
place can do about it at all and it's
done nothing about twenty thousand laws
have been passed like that since we
joined Anna's absolutely I'm thinking
polite word nothing in this place can do
about it and we had never have and we
never will and so as they are vermin
they they have destroyed our democracy
and they are feasting on its carcass so
the word vermin is absolutely accurate
to describe the Commission in Brussels
last question thank you so much for your
time by the way and thank you for
inviting I mean to in an in every
building is were beautiful Donald Trump
beats more than a dozen primary
competitors and then he beats the entire
political media establishment and he did
a number of things that were regarded
untouchable but that were him
is there a possible
that a force could arise within the
United Kingdom it is is that you Kip is
so is there is there some way that the
European Union could be dashed that the
political correctness can be dashed that
someone can reconnect with labor voters
who have been abandoned by their own
leadership and conservative edges yeah
is it is a trump-like phenomenon even
possible here or with the system you
know I think the referendum here what it
predated Trump but it's the same
phenomenon really it's real people who
have far greater means of communication
our instant communication they're well
educated they know what's going on it is
the real people rebelling against the
political establishment and looking into
the future here I see the only vehicle
for that sort of energy and we saw quite
a lot of the energy this morning outside
the Old Bailey and so on the only
vehicle for that is actually a political
party because you can march as much as
these people have been here for months
nobody gives a damn the marches we've
have and so on a million people marched
against the Iraq war makes no difference
at all to these people we couldn't care
less we sit there in our gilded chamber
and in the House of Commons which is
what matters the only thing that matters
is votes and the only way we're going to
change the sort of tendencies that
you've just mentioned which are
extremely wiring and destructive to our
culture is through a political party and
votes at a general election otherwise
we're in Rome 400 AD this chap Alaric
not a bad fellow I've got quite a pretty
daughter
open the gates let him that's where we
are culturally I bet and and we do have
people who will fight it who have still
got the energy but that energy has to be
I mean marches a great lit has to be
channeled through a political party and
the only one the only one vaguely
insight is you keep under Gerald battens
leadership and so on and that's the only
hope I see otherwise we will go on
drifting as we are drifting and by the
time that
little establishment wakes up to the
threat from Islam it'll be too late we
will have riots no doubt about it
probably going to have riots anyway in
our Muslim which is what the football
ads and the veterans against Teheran you
know they all I'm this is the Dutch King
arriving oh that's all right god bless
him so that's my answer if no you keep
it's the only political vehicle it is
tremendous of the work you're doing I
mean you're talking about all this stuff
you're getting it out there but you
won't find any of this on the BBC sky
news I'm afraid
well I've very much enjoyed our
conversation I will talk with you all
day if I could but I well we have and
the Dutch King really is well what a
pleasure to meet you in person and I
hope man follow you across the pond will
call oh we will we've got you've got the
same problems I'm here in London
covering Tommy Robinson's contempt of
court hearing for all our videos and to
chip into our crowdfunding campaign to
pay for our independent journalism
please go to Tommy trial calm
you
