on November 5th 2017 a lone gunman
walked into a church firing at will
killing 26 people half of which were
children wounding dozens others now
there's a lot that's been coming out
from the story but there's a few things
I want to focus on specifically why it
seems like for many on the political
left thoughts and prayers are now
demonized and as a Christian I'll give
you my two cents on prayer and a time of
crisis I'm then Davies this is pure
Hollywood
now unfortunately the past few years
we've felt victim to many horrible
incidents across the world and can take
back to the Las Vegas City shooter the
Manhattan truck driver massacre the pol
City nightclub shooting and the
Manchester adriana grande concert
bombing now the common response by most
people in the media left including
Hollywood celebrities reporters and such
is always been the exact same thing our
thoughts and prayers go out to the
victims and love not hate hashtags
usually follow unless it seems the
victims are Christians the shooter was a
devout atheist and the shooting was
stopped by an NRA member Christian
church member who shot and killed the
perpetrator it would seem like in this
particular case thoughts and prayers are
worthless because these people and what
they believe seems to be to blame as
well as their politics because the
Republican let me get into it now before
we go any further if you have not heard
anything about this particular shooting
this man who I will not named had so
many red flags it's hard to believe
including escaping a mentally ill asylum
in 2012 battering his wife and stepson
cracking his skull and illegally
purchasing firearms that were never
meant to go to him in the first place it
was human error by the government that
allowed him to get guns in the first
place and the regulations would have
helped because human error is a part of
the government because the government is
human now to give you some examples I'm
not gonna focus on trolls as you know
there's plenty of avatar Twitter eggs
that just post horrible things to try to
get a rise of people and cause a stir no
I'm gonna focus on people that
specifically have a following that have
a reputation then when they tweet
millions and hundreds of thousands of
people will listen and can follow suit
Chelsea Handler 8 million followers her
own Netflix show tweeted out after this
incident innocent people go to church on
Sunday to honor their God and while
doing so gets shot and killed what
country America why Republicans after
this horrible massacre Paul Ryan tweeted
out reports out of Texas are devastating
the people of southern Springs need our
prayers right now in response
Michael Keene actor producer in
Hollywood with nearly 200,000 followers
said they were in church they had the
prayer shot right out of them maybe they
should try
something else will Wheaton three
million followers also tweeted in
response to Paul Ryan the murdered
victims were in church the prayers did
anything they'd still be alive you
worthless sack of bleep seems a bit
different right now of course people can
say whatever they want it's a free
country I can disagree with them I can
dislike what they say I can call them
out for it but they have every right to
say what they want to say on Twitter as
long as you're not calling for direct
violence towards on and I also hate
sounding like I'm using any type of
identity politics where you talk about
race class or gender before you speak
but I think in this case it's important
for me to say that I am a Christian man
that prays all the time only because I
know many people that may watch this
video are not Christians may not
understand prayer or whatever so just to
clarify this is where I'm coming from no
there's two specific things I want to
talk about in this instance one is
prayer and what it's for
second is why the response is different
now first prayer as a Christian it is
not a get-out-of-jail-free card it's not
a list of things you write to Santa
Claus that you get what you want for
Christmas every year it's not like God
as a genie prayer is a direct
communication with your Creator that
loves you and because you have this you
can find meaning and purpose and comfort
in these times of crisis you can also
pray for the people to intercede that
their hearts are healed that they find
some sort of peace in all this madness
yes there are miracles and times we've
got intercedes but that is up to God and
not us it's not like we write down a
list of things we want and we get those
so these people that have been
ridiculing prayer and commenting on it
they may not know exactly what it's for
and what it's about if they're not a
Christian to believe themselves now I
also know that many people that are not
Christians also pray you don't have to
be a Christian to pray you want
necessarily religious and pray and I
know that's what a lot of people in
Hollywood in the media are probably
saying when they do tweet these things
out thoughts and prayers with these
victims at so-and-so event or so-and-so
tragedy and love not hate here's the
reason why it's different they're
tweeting those out not because
necessarily they're praying for these
victims but because they're standing in
solidarity with them and that is the
point in this specific instance they do
not want to stand with these people
because a they're Christians and be
there most likely Republicans and it
also doesn't help their narrative when a
card-carrying NRA member and instructor
uses his ar-15 to take down this
horrible monster who's been though
down people saving potentially dozens of
more lives so basically to sum one up
there's two things I feel for this new
disdain for thoughts and prayers one
people don't understand what prayer is
to Christians especially when it's
Christians that are the victims of these
crime next it seems like these
celebrities and media personalities only
feel like thoughts and prayers are
necessary when it's viable for their
cause when it agrees with the narrative
that they are trying to perpetuate if a
Muslim terrorist shots Allah Akbar and
blows a bunch of kids that nature gana
Grande concert then we want prayers and
thoughts and no action however when is
26 Christians most of which were
children killed by devout atheist
thoughts and prayers are worthless
because these people brought it on
themselves is because of what they
believe the amendments they support the
way that they vote and the policies that
they believe in now in these dark times
there are always lights of Hope that
shine through and Stephen will Florida
completely embodies that specific thing
Stephen Wolford is an NRA member and
instructor in this Christian man when he
was at home heard gunshots and ran
towards the chaos not even wearing shoes
as he sprinted towards the church to
take on this armored murderer after
doing so and engaging the murderer he
then pursued to ensure that no one
else's life would be lost this man is a
real hero this is what America is all
about and this is why you have the
Second Amendment so I'd like to say to
Stephen Wilford and every single victim
and family member in that community of
the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church my
thoughts and prayers are with you I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
you
