being reported that Attorney General
Jeff Sessions is considering a second
special council to look into the Clinton
Foundation in uranium 1 sounds great
right well I don't like it I'm gonna
tell you why the Washington Post is
reporting quote sessions considering
second special counsel to investigate
concerns letter shows now the letter
they're talking about is sessions
response to a letter generated by
congressman Bob Goodlatte and the House
Judiciary Committee the letter from the
Judiciary Committee is great and it is
damning to James Comey let me read a
couple of excerpts quote given the
recent revelation that former FBI
director Comey had prepared a statement
ending the investigation into former
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
before interviewing at least 17 key
witnesses including the former secretary
herself
that is unprecedented beyond words I
worked in one of the busiest commands in
the NYPD one of the busiest I have never
in my life heard of an investigation
concluding including an ax suspect being
exonerated before that suspect and
nearly two dozen key material witnesses
were interviewed it simply doesn't
happen unless you don't want the suspect
to be prosecuted unless you don't want
the information that would lead to their
arrest indictment and subsequent
prosecution and conviction to come to
light that's what this says to every cop
in every prosecutor I've ever spoken to
about the Hillary email investigation
now the House Judiciary Committee's
letter goes on to say quote this is also
mind-blowing stuff among those witnesses
the FBI failed to interview prior to the
directors preparation of his statement
or Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelsson
both of whom are close Clinton aides
with extensive knowledge of the facts
now again you've got a notorious gang
leader you've got a mob boss you've got
a cartel captain you're investigating
him you conclude the investigation
before you interview him or his top
lieutenants the guys who were closest to
him you just end the investigation and
say there's no there there
before you and before you interrogate
the primary suspect and his closest
aides this is so ridiculous it would be
funny if it wasn't such a national
security and I would argue
constitutional crisis
one thing I love that chairman Goodlatte
said in the letter is
quote however as the most recent Comey
revelations make clear ignoring this
problem will not make it go away and you
see that on Twitter and Facebook when
the progressives those defending Clinton
say oh she lost the election let it go
no we don't let high crimes go we don't
let potential treason go we don't the
potential bribery that led to Clinton
approving the sale of 20% of America's
uranium supply to Russia go you don't
let that go simply because the woman
lost an election a crime is a crime it
is nothing to do with her failed
political career nothing which is why I
don't like baby of a special counsel
I don't trust special counsels special
counsels are no more than shadow
Attorney General and we have an attorney
general you have sessions who appears to
be unwilling to do his job the Jeff
Sessions has really one of three choices
do his job resign or be fired but I
don't want to see another deep state
establishment special counsel somebody
with similar 50 mile wide conflicts of
interest like Bob Muller Bob Muller's
won't want to call me as best friends
Bob Muller was the FBI director when the
Iranian one investigation was squashed
Bob Muller's conflicts of interest I've
mentioned them on this show many times I
don't need to go back through them all I
do not want to see Jeff session the
point another Bob Muller jeff sessions
that were sitting confirmed Attorney
General appointed by the President of
the United States confirmed by the
United States Senate he is the chief law
enforcement officer in the United States
of America after the President of the
United States
sessions is an executive-level appointee
the president I would argue as the chief
law enforcement officer sessions is the
chief executive of law enforcement
function in the United States he needs
to do his job but again he's passing the
ball handing it off to a third party and
that is unacceptable
I want our Department of Justice to look
into Hillary I want our Department of
Justice to look into uranium 1 so there
are no outside influences because
special counsels remember don't have to
interface with the White House and there
are a lot of questions when they do I
want the Attorney General who answers to
the President of the United States to
investigate this so there is
accountability and we don't again see
what we're seeing with Muller a bunch of
ancillary irrelevant players being
indicted taking please so that they
don't have to go after the establishment
darlings at the heart of the
investigation and I've said this many
times and I'll say it again today
if Attorney General sessions will not do
his job he needs to resign or he needs
to be fired this content gets us fired
up it gets me please subscribe to our
premium service so I can keep bringing
it to you at
www.fleursdesiametailleurs.com
you
