we're gonna be digging in at DNC
cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike and some
very disturbing coincidences now one of
the basic rules and investigations is
follow the money there's a lot here and
in no particular order I'm gonna run you
through all of the disturbing
connections I found with CrowdStrike
the DNC and people surrounding the Trump
Russia collusion investigation let's
start with following the money
now CrowdStrike got its first hit of
venture capital 26 million dollars back
in 2011 from investment firm Warburg
Pincus but why is that relevant well in
it didn't seem all too relevant to
anybody right around 2013 it started to
be coming to become very relevant
because that's when Timothy Geithner the
former Treasury secretary treszura
secretary under the financial collapse
the financial meltdown but more
importantly Treasury secretary in 2010
who co-chaired Council on foreign
investments in the United States psifas
alongside Hillary Clinton when the
uranium 1 deal was approved
well he's now at the helm since 2013 of
warburg pincus
in since 2013 CrowdStrike has received
an additional 200 plus million dollars
in funding invested into buy or deeply
assisted by Warburg Pincus under the
direction of Tim Geithner the main
investor is capital G which used to be
called Google Capital and who runs that
well Eric Schmidt the CEO of alphabet
the chairman of alphabet Google's parent
company why is that relevant
well Eric Schmidt was considered staff
on the Hillary Clinton campaign so now
you've got the former Treasury Secretary
who set alongside Hillary on psifas he
co-chaired the council when the uranium
1 deal was approved in a
multi-billionaire globalist Eric Schmidt
who runs Google's parent company
directing an investment of a hundred
million dollars twice actually once in
2015 and again in 2017 so Google has
about 200 million in the deal to
CrowdStrike the only entity ever to view
the DNC servers now there's an entity in
all this that I didn't even know was
connected but as I started to do my
homework as I started to investigate
found they're well they're really really
deeply dug in along side not just
CrowdStrike
but the globalists and it's the
globalist left-leaning
Atlantic Council now the chairman of
Americans or the directors an
International Advisory Board of the
Atlantic Council is Brent Scowcroft
Brent Scowcroft big globalist he was
national security adviser to presidents
Gerald Ford and George HW Bush Bush 41
he also backed Hilary against Trump in
the election more importantly the
Atlantic Council has a host of never
Trump errs on the board former national
head of the National Security Agency
Michael Hayden big never Trump er pushed
the Trump Rush a collusion narrative
defense secretary under obama ash carter
another guy who believes in the trump
russia collusion narrative leon panetta
never Trumper and Hillary supporter :
Powell and former CIA director james
Woolsey who quit the Trump campaign back
in 2016 when he disagreed about the
assessment on Trump Russia collusion he
claimed that Russia did help Trump's
camp and that Russia was was working
against the DNC now why does the
Atlantic Council become revenue relevant
well guess who the non-resident senior
fellow for cyber statecraft initiative
is over at the Atlantic Council it's a
guy named Dmitri Apurva CH who is a
co-founder of CrowdStrike
now think about this the point guy on
cyber statecraft the point guy at the
Atlantic Council their go-to expert who
the the board of directors of the
Atlantic Council a globalist never Trump
organization would ask hated Russia
hacked that server is a co-founder of
CrowdStrike the company the only entity
to ever see the DNC service remember the
FBI was never allowed to touch the
servers now how did CrowdStrike
wind up hired by the DNC well here's
where things get even more interesting
they were brought on by Perkins Coie the
same law firm that hired fusion GPS on
behalf of the Hillary campaign those
allegations are as follows Hillary
campaign didn't want their fingerprints
on the hire in diffusion GPS because
when you're a political campaign every
dollar you spend has to be recorded with
the Federal Election Commission so that
you mean anybody else and go to FEC gov
the Federal Election Commission's
website and researched the expenditures
we can see the line-item Hillary
campaign didn't want you to see payments
diffusion GPS but they funnel those
payments
it appears through their law firm
perkins coie through a partner there
wasn't named mark elias he was the one
who retained fusion gps well perkins
coie via a partner Michael Sussman also
a lawyer Michael yeah a partner Michael
Sussman also hired CrowdStrike
to be the only entity that was allowed
to look at the DNC servers after the
alleged back this is this is
mind-blowing this is absolutely
mind-blowing the Washington Post
reported on this and what the story in
context are these poacher in context
though it says Wendy MC leaders were
tipped to the hack they claim it's a
hack many people dispute that in late
April chief executive Amy Dacey got a
call from her operations and it was
saying how it's a call that no one wants
to get about a cyber breach and we know
all that but let me read you something
from Washington Post quote that evening
she Amy Dacey spoke with Michael Sussman
a DNC lawyer who is a partner with
Perkins Coie in Washington
soon after Sussman a former federal
prosecutor who handled computer crime
cases called Henry now keep Henry top of
your minds could become relevant in just
a second Paul de Henry whom he has known
for many years within 24 hours
CrowdStrike had installed software on
the DNC's computers so that it could
analyze data that could indicate who had
gained access when and how and think
about this Perkins Coie the same law
firm that appears to be responsible for
hiring fusion GPS secretly on behalf of
Hillary brought in CrowdStrike a firm
with deep ties to never Trump globalists
people that have very hawkish on
confrontation with Russia I don't want
to sound conspiratorial this is all
easily researchable this is all well
documented and CrowdStrike
was the only entity that was able to
embed its own software on to the DNC
servers and their reports were relied on
100% without any other independent
corroboration of what CrowdStrike
reported I remember I told you the name
Henry keep the name Henry in the top of
your mind that's who the lawyer Michael
Sussman at Perkins Coie pulled over at
CrowdStrike to bring crowds try again to
embed this software while Henry is Sean
Henry he was with the FBI for 24 years
retiring in 2012 and back in 2010 right
around the time that Robert Muller was
director of the FBI and the uranium one
case was being squashed go on Henry who
had been the a sack the sack a special
agent in charge not a sec they're called
edicts and
directors in charge or sacs special
agents in charge the Washington DC field
office the field office that was
investigating uranium one he was
promoted by robert muller he was
promoted by Muller in 2010 other guys
name is Shawn Henry to be executive
assistant director of the criminal cyber
response and services branch meaning he
was a key guy on the criminal case into
VD Makran a guy from Raza Tom the
uranium one guy that was trying to bribe
people like Hillary Clinton
the one of Muller's hand-picked
disciples who was a top guy in FBI
criminal at the time that investigation
was squashed let's recap everything he
is the president and chief security
officer of CrowdStrike
him Geithner who was Hillary's partner
in 2010 on psifas when the Iranian one
deal was approved he is in charge of
warburg pincus he's the top guy Warburg
Pincus who is given 200 million plus
dollars directly or indirectly who
CrowdStrike since 2013 this is
mind-blowing Eric Schmidt is the
chairman of alphabet core parent of
Google who also runs capital G which is
to be called Google Capital a group that
invested the majority of that 200 plus
million dollars to CrowdStrike since
2013 he was considered Hillary staff on
the Hillary campaign and the co-founder
of CrowdStrike
is his go-to expert for cyber state
crush initiative
cyber statecraft initiative at the
Atlantic Council on which
never Trumper upon never Trumper upon
never Trump or who was pushing Trump
Russia collusion bits and still pushes
Trump Russia collusion but the Shawn
Henry element now is very disturbing
because it's being either grossly under
reported or not reported at all and my
sources inside the bureau tell me he's a
very strong sources inside the FBI that
Shawn Henry Robert Muller and James
Comey are very close very very old
friends now I want to present this all
to you as I would have back in law
enforcement if I were bringing this to a
prosecutor bang hey I can see and smell
a lot of smoke here let's dig in deeper
and see if there's fire because this we
put together here is as close to
probable cause to widen and
investigation as I've ever seen
something is not right all of these
players are too closely aligned with one
another they're they're just are not
this many coincidences in life and I
really hope I really hope there are
things going on inside our Department of
Justice that we don't know about that
are getting to the bottom of this if you
find this content as interesting as I do
and as important as I do because it
really is please subscribe to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org owing
to spend more money on things you don't
need
so subscribe with us they're already a
subscriber thanks very very much I'll be
back with you tomorrow thanks for
watching
