do you remember mr. Rogers neighborhood
it was aired between 1968 and 2001 and I
used to watch it as a child it was a PBS
show primarily for young children but it
was suitable for the whole family it was
educational and featured Fred Rogers mr.
Rogers who hosted the show and talked
directly to the children through the
screen his opening theme was won't you
be my neighbor which i think is so sweet
and a great example to set for children
he was a good man who taught children
about the world how to be good people on
how to be polite
I just love etiquette it was a perfect
addition to the lessons taught by
parents it was an example of how
television could have a positive
influence on children and there's a
video of mr. Rogers giving a testimony
in the 1960s about the importance of
publicly funded children's shows I think
it's really moving and I like to share a
little of that testimony with you today
and I feel that if we in public
television can only make it clear that
feelings are mentionable and manageable
we will have done a great service for
mental health could I tell you the words
of one of the songs which I feel is very
important yes this has to do with that
good feeling of control which I feel
that the children need to know is there
what do you do with the mad that you
feel when you feel so mad you could bite
it's great to be able to stop when
you've planned a thing that's wrong and
be able to do something else instead and
think this song I can stop when I want
to can stop when I wish can stop stop
stop anytime and what a good feeling to
feel like this and know that the feeling
is really mine know that there's
something deep inside that helps us
become what we can for a girl can be
someday a lady and a boy can be
some day a man I think it's wonderful
the video went hugely viral and you can
see why I mean it made me really
emotional to watch it he testified how
these shows can be educational and
helped shape the mental health of
children they were positive interesting
friendly and set a good example and he
won people over it was worthwhile and
valuable and something unfortunately we
don't see today I can understand the
backlash against public funding of shows
these days when we look at the kinds of
shows being put out now maybe she'll
share a video of a dog or download
recipes from a food blog most
importantly she has empathy and doesn't
feel like she has to be mean whoa
she sounds content is everyone like this
on the Internet
know me Kevin he used to be nice but
then he became disenfranchised his life
hasn't turned out as he planned so he
spends all his time posting on 4chan he
frequently visits all trite memes and
thinks feminism is what ruined his dream
I mean they are going against mental
health with these kinds of things not
for it another example is Sesame Street
a classic show a legendary show that has
been entertaining children for
generations it's meant to be educational
and fun but these days it's pushing a
far left propaganda and poisoning the
minds of children ben shapiro did a
fantastic expose of this he interviewed
hundreds of industry insiders of some of
the most popular shows in hollywood
including kids shows and found top
executives who admitted the left-wing
bias this was all part of his book
primetime propaganda and in it he talks
to one of the founding executives of
sesame street mike dan dan explained how
the show had grover breaking bread with
hippies and oskar attempting to address
conflict arising from racial and ethnic
diversity Elmo the famous red character
has been used to plug Michelle Obama's
child nutrition legislation and complain
about Trump's budget cuts this is
political children's television and it's
wrong PBS isn't shy about its political
bias they might deny it but it's on
display for everyone to see National
Review discussed this when they reported
on a
Prince called the reality of 2018 and
hope for 2020 which was organized by
lawyers for good government an
organization that explicitly states they
are determined to challenge and resist
at the Trump administration's
anticipated abuses of power and attacks
on human rights anticipated at the
conference PBS vice president spoke at a
session called communication strategy in
the era of fake news in which he advised
the liberal audience how to organize
their communication in a way that
benefits of their own political bias
this is blatant and it's serious this is
how they change the world they do it
slowly and they use our children against
us long gone are the days of quality
programming for children the mr. Rogers
of the world are gone and in its place
we have political SpongeBob SquarePants
and Big Bird television can no longer be
used as a positive influence for
children if you don't want your children
learning about how evil our president
allegedly is or to be exposed to
twerking and sparkly Underpants then
don't let them watch television we are
risking the mental health of our
children and I think it's time to get
back to basics if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
