I want to talk to you about a really
disturbing trend and what we here at the
rebel are doing about it what I'm
talking about is this movement inside
corporate America to stifle conservative
speech and it's not just inside the
corporation's it's even worse in their
advertising agencies because the
creative set tends to be even more
progressive then the corporate branding
set the most recent culprit of this is
Volvo cars who is joining or at coffee
makers in pulling their advertising from
Sean Hannity's Fox News show so we here
at the rebel now have the URL WW boycott
Volvo comm I want you to go there and
sign our petition I'm gonna tell you
daily how many signatures we have in
about two weeks I'm going to personally
fly up to New Jersey and hand-deliver
the petition to Volvo's corporate
headquarters demanding hand it to their
CEO I want them to see just how loud
conservatives can get I want them to see
up at Volvo corporate headquarters that
we can get even louder than the left now
it makes no sense to me why any consumer
brand doesn't just stick to what they do
be it coffee makers or selling vehicles
I don't know why they would want to
offend the 63 million people who voted
for Donald Trump the millions who watch
Sean Hannity's television show and the
tens of millions who are like-minded but
please go to www.mobileaustinnotary.com
Soros backed groups like Media Matters
for America and all their little
satellite cronies we're sick of it
we are sick of conservative speech being
stifled and again it's Volvo's right
it's Volvo's right to pull their
advertising and it's our obligation to
get very loud in response to tell them
just how unacceptable it is and how
their financial bottom line will suffer
again please go to WWE
volvo dot-com tell everyone you know to
sign the petition I'm gonna be flying up
to New Jersey and hand delivering that
petition with your signatures to the CEO
of Volvo at their US corporate
headquarters in Volvo by the way isn't
even an American company it's been owned
by the Chinese since 2010 they don't
even have a factory here but what's most
likely happening is they're Chinese
masters their communist oppressive free
speech hating dissent hating Chinese
masters
see eye to eye with the globalist they
see eye to eye with George Soros they
see eye to eye with Media Matters for
America but they don't see eye to eye
with a guy like Sean Hannity with people
like us here at the rebel who believe in
American exceptionalism who believe in
free speech who believe in as much
dissenting opinion as possible so that
you get the full story please sign our
petition at www.movinon.com
you
