I'm here at the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany and the
entire conference is set along the banks
of the Rhine River yesterday right in
front of the conference we saw some
pretty interesting boats we saw a couple
fuel tankers going down the river we
even saw a barge moving coal down the
river and today right behind me
we found the Greenpeace boat now it's
built specially designed in fact for
Greenpeace
to look like a sailboat but when you
look up the specs of the boat you can
see that it uses low sulfur diesel those
masts there they don't really hold sales
they hold signs that's the only useful
thing that those masts do like
everything else here at the climate
change conference this is just an
optical illusion behind me
Greenpeace just like you and I need
fossil fuels to get their job done - for
the rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid I'm
here in Bonn Germany all week at the UN
climate change conference I'm going to
be uncovering all the hypocrisy that I
see like the fake sailboat behind me
from Greenpeace that actually runs on
diesel to help cover the cost of our
trip here go to rebel un com
