I'm standing outside of the UN climate
change conference in Bonn Germany now
I'm outside the conference because they
won't let me in and right beside me is
some sort of art installation I'm not a
connoisseur of fine art I don't know if
this is fine art and I don't really
understand what's going on it looks like
a collection of your standard left-wing
protest signs there's who would Jesus
bomb Oh they've dusted off though we are
the 99% from Occupy Wall Street if you
come up here there's some pretty obvious
trolling of the pro-life movement
upfront here we have some trolling of
Donald Trump with build the wall and
then the I'm with her of course a
Hillary Clinton slogan but they're using
it to direct it towards the earth as
though they're talking about Mother
Earth and then back in here it's sort of
back in the middle there's a sign that
says just suis charli and it's in a few
different languages including Arabic and
that of course is in reference to the
Charlie Hebdo attacks when we all
believed in free speech for like a day
and a half and right beside it is this
sign that says freedom of expression go
to hell and I thought that was really
weird so we sat here and we sort of
Google Image Search a similar sign and
that sign itself was used by Islamists
to protest in front of the Danish
Embassy in the UK after the publication
of the Danish cartoons of the Prophet
Mohammed so it just seems like a really
crazy sign mixed in all of these this
very blatant Islamist sign I'm here all
week there's a lot of crazy going on I'm
going to try to show you all of it for
the rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid I'm
standing beside just one example of all
the kookiness going on at the UN climate
change conference in Bonn Germany I'll
be here all this week I'm going to show
you as much of it as I can if you can
help cover our cost to be here go to
rebel un com
