I'm standing outside one of the pop-up
buildings that the UN has all over their
Climate Change Conference in Bonn
Germany and I don't know if you can hear
me over the whirring of the motors they
use to keep these things inflated and
warm and I want to know how they're
doing that so I noticed there's these
cords on the ground like the tentacle of
the UN octopus reaching into my life and
into my wallet so they're laying across
the ground let's just see where they go
so the UN climate change conference is
kept snuggly warm and inflated because
of our old friend fossil fuels if you
see there on the sign it says that these
generators run off diesel fuel so even
the UN can't keep their climate change
conference green for the rebel media I'm
Shiela gun Reid I'm at the UN climate
change conference in Bonn Germany and
I'm here to expose all the hypocrisy at
the conference for example the diesel
generators behind me if you can help
fund our trip here in Bonn and go to
rebel un com
