it finally happened thor ragnarok flew
into theaters November 3rd and the big
buzz opening weekend was this is the
best reviewed Marvel movie of all time
so did it live up to the hype why all
the anti-colonial messages and did
Disney slip in any Christian values you
can take away from it all that more
coming up
so thor ragnarok was directed by - kita
what titi I know I probably butchered
that name but this guy has done some
quality work including hunt for the wild
people and what we do in the shadows
currently thor ragnarok has grossed over
450 million dollars at the box office
and that number will continue to climb
each and every day so i can jump into
did it live up to the hype I'm gonna use
my viewer review first i'm gonna give
thor ragnarok a 4 out of 5 if you're
just a movie goer to sit in a seat and
be entertained now currently after
opening weekend thor ragnarok is no
longer the highest rated movie by
critics on Rotten Tomatoes for a Marvel
movie that title goes back to Iron Man
why watch I completely agree is a much
much better film but the reason thor
ragnarok still lands second for marvel
reviewed movies is because it is fun it
is fast paced it is funny from start to
finish and it's a visual spectacle it's
really just incredibly fast paced with a
bunch of setup jokes there's probably
more setup jokes in the movie then
Anthony Hopkins even has lines however
this movie is not perfect because it has
those things no there's some things this
movie also lacks one reason it's not
going to be 5 out of 5 or whatever is
because there's absolutely no romance
there's no emotion to this movie it
happens so fast just passes away and you
often get saturated with special effects
and jokes and personally I think Iron
Man 1 and ant-man are more funny films
but that's just me my critic review for
this movie I'm gonna give it 3 out of 5
I know what why this movie so good well
there's a few things that I think this
movie could have done better and that it
missed the mark on first off this movie
had one goal in mind it was to be fast
paced and along the way be funny with
special effects it did this but because
it was so fast paced it was one speed
the whole movie and you as a audience
member never have time to breathe and
process anything going on screen with
any of the characters the movie gets
very saturated with set up jokes set up
jokes set up jokes set up joke and it
gets very punchy and campy because of
that you'll literally find yourself
saying oh I like that guy he was funny
and you'll know nothing about him nor
his name where he's from what he's about
nothing else to like oh yeah that was
funny character and that's it
literally in this movie there were major
players that die off but you never have
time to process the weight of that for
each of the characters to add any type
of emotional connect
or have even a tear rolled on your face
similarly main players get tortured and
permanently maimed but because it's so
fast-paced they're throwing in jokes
even in the fight scenes you don't care
because of this there's no stakes you're
never really worried about anyone dying
because it's like oh I'm gonna be on to
the next joke in about five seconds
anyway and you're like that happened and
now we're on to the next thing now
everyone's favorite villain and
superhero universes are like the Joker
and Loki a--when lows Loki everyone
loves that character the complex
relationship between Thor and Loki is
fantastic to watch and in the third
movie we finally get them both together
unfortunately because they're going so
fast you never get any of the emotional
way going on and they throw in all these
new characters that are all vying for
screen time so anytime they do get the
screen is so fast and can't be that you
don't get to appreciate anything that's
been going on in the past two movies now
I'm not saying the movies bad it's very
fun to watch and everyone should go see
it in theaters it's fun you want to be
there with a bunch of audience y'all can
all interact with the jokes and the
excitement as that's going on maybe it's
good but it could have been better now
there's a few things politically with
this movie I didn't quite agree with
hella in this movie I think they were
trying to come across as an
authoritative dictator trumpian kind of
ruler where she comes back and she's
like no and make Asgard great again and
go back to our roots go back to me what
made us great and she's very much that
kind of beat you down person throughout
the entire movie but specifically when
it comes to country itself and in one
specific scene Helena literally destroys
a mural of the history of Asgard where
it shows peace and prosperity for all
the kingdoms which they are being lived
in but she tears it down to show that no
we actually were a conquering destroying
civilization then murdered all these
things and our civilization is built in
the backs of soldiers and the people
that we have murdered in the past and
we're actually a very evil society and
evil culture that we need to go back to
our old roots so much so that Thor even
accepts this and is willing to destroy
his entire country to take down hella
now a common theme in the movie was
Asgard is not a place it's a people the
people are what make it great no you can
have a great person living in Nazi
Germany and you could have a garbage
human being who's also an anti fam
member living in the United States it
happens but those individuals do not
define the society a society and a
civilization are defined by the
principles and values that it prepared
I had one of these debates with a friend
in LA and he was saying that all
Americans got so many problems America's
kind of a bad place you know I went to
Cuba recently and Cuba's beautiful it's
amazing like that is actually a great
culture that's a great a great place and
I was like yeah that's crazy I just
never heard anyone in the United States
swimming through shark-infested waters
and abandoning their family to get to
queue it because it's so great and
immediately the conversation ends
because you're right in reality that is
a total lie yes every civilization has
had blemishes no history is perfect but
what are the values and principles of
this culture that people are flocking to
where people can prosper we can be
yourself and have these freedoms to live
the life that you want to live so yes
what made Asgar great may not be this
specific location but the people there
are not just good people because they're
good people they're good people because
they're raised in the society and the
culture that helps them be that way that
gives them the opportunity and has
standards that they live by now when it
comes to faith Disney did not include
any overt Christian themes yes Thor is a
great figure he's an honorable man that
helps sacrifice himself to save people
around him that are undeserving it's a
great moral lesson it's a great person
to look up to but there were no overt
Christian messages necessarily there is
an interesting metaphor when you look at
the Old Testament though when it comes
to Asgardian people Asgardian people
become a people wandering the wilderness
without a home wandering in the space
trying to find a new land similar to the
Old Testament Israelites who are pushed
out through Babylonian rule but nothing
overt in the film but there's some
interesting parallels when you think
about it from that perspective so Thor
will be returning in Avengers infinity
War part 1 this spring beginning to see
how Thor handles that new villain and
when that comes out I'll be sure to let
you guys know what I think about hope
you guys enjoyed the film and this
review I'm Ben Davies this is the real
rebel review if you liked this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
