hi guys I'm Kristen Tate with rebel buzz
here are three stories that you probably
missed to the mainstream media this week
in the wake of the tragic shooting in a
Texas church that left 26 people dead
and more wounded the left is already
using the incident to scoff at Americans
who offered thoughts and prayers for
those affected these thoughts and
prayers were met with annoyance and
anger from many on the mainstream media
and the left take a look at what Don
Lemon have to say about it Ted Cruz
keeping all harmed in southern Springs
in our prayers and grateful for our
brave first responders on the scene
thoughts and prayers thoughts and
prayers thoughts and prayers other
celebrities and pundits are also seizing
the opportunity to mock Christianity as
a whole look it's fine to have strong
opinions on gun control but why direct
the anger at well-intentioned Americans
who are praying for the victims prayer
gives people hope it makes us feel
unified after a tragic event the outrage
at prayer just represents a larger
national trend as America becomes more
hostile towards Christianity insensitive
rhetoric towards the faith has become
increasingly acceptable ironically it's
usually the very people who pride
themselves on being tolerant who love to
mock Christianity and prayer the most
many times shootings like the one in
Texas bring out the best in humanity we
see people risk their lives to save
their neighbors we see communities come
together to help each other but other
times unfortunately tragic events bring
out the worst in politics a new CNN poll
reveals that the majority of Americans
now have an unfavorable view of the
Democratic Party only 37% of Americans
now see the party favorably well this is
exactly what happens when you
your own primary election rather than
let the voters decide last week former
DNC had Donna Brazile came forward with
bombshell claims that the DNC had handed
over control of the party to Hillary
Clinton and her campaign now the vast
majority of young Democratic voters in
this country supported Hillary's
opponent Bernie Sanders and these voters
no longer trust the party's
establishment they didn't trust it
before but now their mistrust is
validated Tom Perez who's the current
chair of the DNC can't afford to lose
young voters who have been critical in
electing Democrats to office at every
level now despite this new poll
Democrats did see some wins this week
left-wing candidates won governor's
races in states like New Jersey in
Virginia the Left shouldn't get too
comfortable in the wake of these wins
they're unfavorability ratings should
serve as a huge wake-up call to the
leaders of the party who continued to be
in denial about why they lost the 2016
election the Democrats problems go far
beyond the corruption of the DNC the
party has really struggled to come up
with a unifying uplifting message
that'll mobilize voters to go out there
and vote resisting Trump is not a
platform the Democrats want to take back
the house maybe even the presidency then
they'll need to do some honest
self-reflection about why they lost in
2016 and why despite some predictable
wins on Tuesday party's approval ratings
have tanked civil rights hero Jesse
Jackson has been accused of sexual
harassment journalist Daniel young
claims that Jackson grabbed her thigh
and made a crude comment during a
meet-and-greet for black journalists now
following Young's statements our
representative for Jackson said in a
statement that he doesn't recall the
events the allegations are damning and
they're only the latest in a string of
disturbing sexual harassment and assault
allegations and these kind of
accusations are plaguing the
entertainment news
and political industries of course it
all started out with the accusations of
sexual assault against Hollywood
producer Harvey Weinstein but since then
other ones powerful men like actor Kevin
Spacey film producer Brett Ratner and an
NPR executive have all been accused of
harassment assault or rape there should
be a time of self-reflection by many of
the nation's most powerful media and
political mughals
celebrities and left wingers loved to
rant against President Trump and portray
him as a womanizer many even accused him
of actually perpetuating rape culture
when that 2005 tape surfaced last year
in which he said he likes to grab women
by the pussy sure trumps comments and
that tapir lewd they were disgusting you
know how many we're near close to actual
sexual assault it's time for virtue
signalers to take a good hard look at
the rampant inappropriate behavior in
their own industries after smell Streep
used her Golden Globes acceptance speech
to slam Trump as a womanizer this year
yet a few years earlier she gave a
standing ovation to Roman Polanski the
filmmaker found guilty of raping an
underage girl at an awards show a few
years ago now we find out that the LAPD
is investigating claims by actor Corey
Feldman that there is a pedophile ring
in Hollywood where's the outrage from
Street and others over that it's time
for celebrities and left wingers to stop
turning a blind eye to the unethical
behavior that has victimized women by
their own peers if they're unwilling to
point out bad behavior when it comes
from their own side then their criticism
of Trump and other conservatives they
aren't valid I'm Kristen Tate that's the
buzz
