it's been 13 years since the original
saw movie that's crazy
so is this one worth the watch why does
everything have to be political are
there actually biblical truths and saw
and is this movie worth the watch well
let's find out in this review of jigsaw
now this moon was made for ten million
dollars which is crazy low for a project
like this I was blown away they made it
for that little amount of money good
news is it's already made thirty five
million worldwide it's doing pretty well
it was made by the spirit brothers who
are really good directors so is this
movie worth watch if you watch reviews
or if you own Rotten Tomatoes you have
no idea because critics hate this movie
viewers love it I'll give you a reason
why for one critics oftentimes forget
that people just want to be entertained
this movie accomplishes that and a lot
of times the viewers that are paying for
a ticket you wanted to sit there want to
turn off their brain and be entertained
for an hour and a half and this movie
accomplishes that for an hour and a half
so that's why people love it critics
didn't like it so much now before I go
any further spoilers ahead so basically
jigsaw is back or is he as four people
are trapped into a labrum of death and
must atone for their sins but what are
their sins who are these people and can
the detectives track them down in time
to save them but it is most important
during these games of death to know that
sexist comments will never be okay and
also people don't feel like doing
anything you shouldn't make them do it
I'm not kidding I was about to explode
in this movie when I saw this happening
at one point jigsaw says everyone must
atone for their sins and of course this
straight white male in the game of death
is like all right whatever one do what's
your sin what you're saying there's a
girl sitting there he's like what's your
sin honey and she's like honey my name
is and I'm like watch like that's more
important right now the delivery saving
people's lives people losing arms from
you also screaming one of the scenes one
of the girls who's obviously done
something wrong
it's her now it's her game where she has
to stick one of three needles in her
neck one needle secure one needle is a
it's nothing and one needle is going to
kill her she starts freaking out she's
like I can't do it I won't do it I won't
do it because she won't do it
they all get hung by their necks they're
all about to die and so the guy at the
last second is straight white male stabs
or the neck with all three and then
because he did it they all get free and
they can move on but then everyone gets
livid out I'm like oh dear you is her
choice it's like what guess she chose to
kill all of us so you're joking me like
that was stupid okay oh oh it even like
though the black kid comes up he's like
dude what the hell bro and it's like
what do you mean it was she was gonna do
it
didn't feel like it we're all gonna die
I mean just unbelievable anyway let's
get into my critic immune to this movie
I'm gonna give it a 2 out of 5 a problem
with this new movie was it had seven
years to recreate itself but what it
chose to do was kind of go back to the
original themes that caught some magic
while still including some of the crazy
gore that happened in the later movies -
meshed together into a better movie now
what it did was it made a better movie
than the past like three or four but it
didn't really capture the magic of the
first and it didn't recreate itself like
it could've cuz it's kind of restarting
at this point it was well shot it was
pretty well acted by at least the main
three players there were some people
that were weaker throughout it but I
thought as a whole the film was okay it
was just like yeah in that world now as
a viewer it's gonna score higher my give
it a three out of five then you can see
this from the viewer reviews that have
seen the movie if you want to just kick
back and enjoy yourself a con plug your
brain it allows you to do that because
there's enough twists and turns and
excitement in it to grab your attention
it's fun to sit with someone be like I
think it's this person this person this
person this person and you're getting
you kind of get to figure it out
together
also they give you that classic twist at
the end and nothing is better than you
get to go back and see how everything
happened without it when they kind of
tie the dots together for you unlike the
Snowman movie they actually do get the
dots for you at the end you're like oh
it was kind of cool and you can
appreciate it it was fun it was it was
short enough to where you never get
bored and they didn't have distract you
with over-the-top gore they're kind of
like took the gore and blood back a
little bit so you could think more and
just kind of enjoy the mystery thriller
of the movie itself now my faith and
values review this is actually gonna be
a three out of five believe it or not
now I'm not saying you should just go
see this movie because there's also some
horrible stuff in it but I'm saying the
original movie the reason why it did so
well is there's some truth to what it's
what's going on okay let me explain the
first movie is a great commentary on the
horrors that people are capable of like
all these people seemed nice at first
and you see that oh my gosh this person
did what and it's all disguised behind
this elaborate horrible game but the
real horror is what people are capable
of right now in these movies - it shows
that most people only face with certain
death will admit their fault and their
sins and when they confess and repent
they are now freed from it however most
people in the movies will confess after
a little while but they don't often
repent repentance means action
them fall back to their own ways where
they betray someone or try to cheat and
this ends up maiming or killing
everybody okay that's kind of the gist
of saw itself fortunately in life and in
biblical sense God doesn't give us this
labradorite to go through he lets us
make our own decisions and we sin and we
fall away from the path that he's given
us you eventually go down to it Valley
but when you freely accept Jesus Christ
you were born again and made anew
and in Saul you're never made anew
you're often you know have a lot of
problems in your mind so anyway that's
my review of jigsaw hopefully the next
movie more enjoyable and fun but until
then I'm Ben Davies and this is the real
rebel review alright if you like this
video and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
