Obama holdover political correctness and
incompetence is still infecting our
Department of Defense and this past week
well it literally got people killed and
this has been a very bad week for the
United States Air Force they have two
massive black eyes and we're gonna get
into what they are right now
the first goes back to September an
investigation was launched at the United
States Air Force Academy preparatory
school when racial slurs were written on
the message boards of five cadet
candidates this isn't the Air Force
Academy proper it's the prep school
where a cadet candidates go to see if
they have what it takes to become Air
Force Academy cadets and subsequently US
Air Force officers clearly these
candidates didn't five african-american
students claim they were the victims of
racial slur as well it turned out one of
them wrote the slurs now at the time the
Academy's superintendent essentially the
commanding officer of the Air Force
Academy Lieutenant General J Silverio
said quote it is not who we are nor will
we tolerate it in a shape or fashion the
Air Force strives to create a climate of
dignity and respect for all period very
appropriate statement it's what he
should have said at that time exactly
what he should have said at that time
but after finding out it was a hoax that
one of the black students wrote it to
frame a white student cover-up something
bad they did maybe take attention off
their subpar grades Lieutenant General
Sylvie era general political correct
they should have said sorry everybody it
was a hoax sorry for wasting your time
we've expelled the student in question
which they did by the way
that was one good move but instead of
doing that he doubled down on political
correctness he said today regardless of
the circumstances under which those
words were written they were written and
that deserved to be addressed well they
were written by a black student it was a
hoax sure it deserved to be addressed by
kicking him out and apologizing for
wasting everyone's time Lieutenant
General PC went on to say quote you can
never enter over emphasized the need for
a culture of dignity and respect
and those who don't understand those
concepts concepts aren't welcome here
how about the need to overemphasize not
committing hoaxes
designed to frame other students or
cover up your own bad behavior that's
what should have been said but not in
the age of Obama's political correctness
and lieutenant general PC here is
definitely definitely an Obama holdover
I looked up his tenure we've got to get
rid of all these people so that's the
political correctness destroying our
Department of Defense or military let's
look at the incompetence that got 26
innocents slaughtered or should say
contributed to the slaughter of 26
innocents at the church in Sutherland
Springs Texas we now know that the
United States Air Force never shared
Devon Kelley the savage murderers
conviction information he was convicted
in a military court in 2014 of domestic
violence he served a year in military
jail in a brig at the US Air Force never
transmitted his conviction info to the
Department of Justice so that they could
enter it in the National Crime
Information Center and all of the
databases that are checked when someone
buys a gun incompetence United States
Air Force twice dropped the ball here
once they blamed white students for
something they didn't do and secondly
they contributed to the murder of 26
innocents by not sharing information but
it doesn't surprise me because under
Obama the Department of Defense cared
about transgenderism NASA said its
primary mission was Muslim outreach in
fact the Obama administration spent more
energy on transgenderism in the military
forcing it down the throats of the
military for the 11 or 12 or however
many minuscule amount of fractional
fractional amount of transgenders were
actually in the military they cared
about that more than streamlining their
systems to report on convictions or
appropriately addressing hoaxes or more
importantly killing Isis so I don't know
neutralizing North Korea neutralizing
Iran instead of dropping billions off to
them in the middle of the night no the
Department of Defense under Obama was
focused on transgenderism and that
manifested itself very clearly when
Bradley Manning who became Chelsea
Manning whoa his/hers prison sentence
was commuted after committing one of the
most heinous acts of treason in United
States history
now if Manning Bradley Chelsea whatever
his her name is wasn't a transgender his
sentence probably
never would been commuted this person is
a traitor in the purest sense to the
United States of America
this person disseminated information
that helped our enemies and arguably got
our people killed and the ones that
didn't get killed put their lives in
grave risk Obama didn't care about that
Bradley Manning put on a wig James his
name to Chelsea started spewing leftist
propaganda and Obama opened up the jail
cell doors there is nothing more
disgraceful or it is there well let's
talk about Bowe Bergdahl Bowe Bergdahl
deserted the United States Army and went
to live with the Taliban six soldiers
were killed
searching for Bowe Bergdahl and what
does a military court do well they
dishonorably discharged Bergdahl and
they give him no jail time six American
soldiers killed searching for Bowe
Bergdahl you don't hear their name so
let's talk about him Staff Sergeant
Clayton Staff Sergeant Clayton Bowen 29
of San Antonio Texas private first class
Morris Walker 23 of Chapel Hill North
Carolina
let's look at a couple of others here Oh
Staff Sergeant Kurt Curtis of Murray
Utah second lieutenant Darren Andrews 34
of Dallas Texas Staff Sergeant Michael
Murphree 25 of Snyder Texas private
first class Matthew martynuk 20 years
old the kid 20 years old of the kabbala
Noi
I'm speechless six American servicemen
killed searching for the deserter Bowe
Bergdahl and a military court gives him
no jail time bradley manning shares
state secrets vol de pon volumes of
classified state secrets with enemies he
puts on a wig changes his name to
chelsea his jail doors are open he's let
out let out and now he's a celebrity on
the left the united states air force
more worried about transgenderism and
political correctness doesn't share
conviction information on a violent
criminal that they sent to jail and
dishonorably discharged who wound up
killing 26 innocents and they're
actually doubling down on political
correctness when it's found out that the
black students committed a hoax against
themselves our Department of Defense is
a mess and this mess was caused by the
Obama administration the military is not
a social experiment that's how people
get killed and Americans are put at risk
America is put at risk
we have to do something about this and
the president of United States Donald
Trump better order defense secretary
James Madison to look into this and
rectify these problems immediately if
you want to see more of this really
compelling content please subscribe to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
this
you
