without further delay let me introduce
you my friend Jordan Peterson via Skype
great to see you again professor good to
see you too Ezra
thanks for the invitation well come on
it's very exciting that you have this
book twelve rules for life I don't want
you to give away all the good stuff for
free over the video here but give me an
example of one of the rules give me an
example of the kind of rules that you
think we should follow to live a better
life well one of them is stand up
straight with your shoulders back and
that's the first essay in the so the
book is essentially twelve essays with a
with an introduction and conclusion as
well and the first rule takes us through
a journey it takes us on a journey
through dominant structures in animals
essentially going all the way back to to
crustaceans to lobsters and which is
kind of a strange strange journey I
suppose it turns out that lobsters live
in hierarchies just like human beings do
so so much for the idea of the
patriarchy let's say because it's about
a third of a billion years old and it's
certainly not a human construction and
lobster neural chemistry turns out to be
quite similar to human neural chemistry
similar enough so that essentially
antidepressant chemicals that work for
human beings also work for crustaceans
and so I take people on a bit of a
journey through evolutionary biology and
through comparative physiology to talk
about how important it is for us to be
positioned properly in in say
hierarchies of competence and how you
signal that and partly you signal that
by standing up straight with your
shoulders back that that shows that
you're confronting the world sort of
openly and courageously and it's a cue
to other people not so much with regards
to your power which is one way of
thinking about hierarchies but more with
regards to your competence consultants
or confidence I would say if with any
luck those two things unite it would be
competence inspired confidence
is exactly what you want in a useful
hierarchy like the idea that animates so
much radical left thinking is that
hierarchies are only based on power and
that they're therefore unfair in their
central essence but in a functioning
society and I would certainly put our
society in that category hierarchies are
much more predicated on competence like
your ability to do things so and your
success in our society is quite strongly
associated with your competence well
that's a hallmark of a non corrupt
society I think you're right um I'm
thinking of whenever we were kids and
and even if you look at all hierarchies
like the military it's always stand up
chest out you know so it's it's become
ingrained in our customs and our culture
at least in the West and I agree with
you that if you observe someone standing
with confidence and and ready to take on
the world you get an impression of the
person but does it also if you do that
to yourself if you cause yourself to
stand up in a certain way and this is a
funny thing because I thought you were
gonna have more philosophic
philosophical rules but for the first
rule being how do you stand you're not
slouched our parents always say don't
slouch that's another way of saying shit
stand up straight does it make us think
of ourselves differently either people
may think of us as being competent and
confident does it does it make us think
of ourselves differently if we stand up
straight well it doesn't just make us
think of ourselves differently it
actually makes us feel different because
the fundamental neurochemical system
that governs emotional regulation let's
say so that would be relative freedom
from negative emotion like anxiety and
and emotional pain is mediated by this
neuro chemical called serotonin which is
the neuro chemical that antidepressants
affect and serotonin is integrally
involved in postural adjustment so if
your serotonin levels are high you tend
to stand up straighter and look bigger
right you occupy more space and and so
but that's actually a loop system so if
you act confidently and let's say you're
doing that at the same
time that you're really trying to put
your life together then that's going to
have an effect on how people perceive
you but it's also going to have a more
direct neurophysiological effect on your
serotonergic function it'll make you
feel more well it'll make you more
confident it isn't that it makes you
feel more confident it makes you more
confident
well sorry go ahead oh yeah oh well the
chapter is about not only standing up
straight in a physical sense but
standing up straight in an ethical sense
to stand up for what you believe in and
to put those two things together and to
straighten out your life as a means of
regulating your emotions and functioning
more effectively in the world both at an
individual and at a social level and so
and that first chapter is quite amusing
because the stories about lobsters are
actually I think quite funny huh so well
I tell you I I have not read the book
yet it is not actually out for a couple
months we're giving our viewers a sneak
preview of this and thank you for doing
that
so your number one rule has caught me by
surprise but it's great it's very first
principles and you know what it's
something anyone can do you don't need
to a PhD to do it you don't need any
special inheritance or special luck
stand up straight if something every
single one of us can do it's like make
your bed it's like okay if you can do
that then move on to step two I'm not
looking for you to give away all your
book on this video but but tell me the
other kind of rules that first rule is
interesting it does sound funny that
you're comparing us to lobsters but what
you say makes a a natural sense to me
give me some of the more complicated or
thoughtful rules there other than that
first principle stand up straight
sure well a lot of them like what I'm
trying to do in the book is to her what
I did do in the book I believe is to
bridge the gap between deep philosophy
and sometimes even theology deep
philosophy psychology and everyday
practical life like I haven't written
chapters that I don't think are
practical because I now do the same
thing in my lectures I like to discuss
high highly abstract concepts usually
grounded in scientific research or often
in in mythology and and literature
but I like to make them concrete because
as far as I'm concerned and I suppose
it's part of my training as a clinical
psychologist knowledge is something that
you want to put to use so here's another
one I think this is going to be a
somewhat controversial chapter it's
called do not let your children do
anything that makes you dislike them go
ahead well so the first thing that you
have to understand if you're a parent
and you encounter a chapter like that is
that you can in fact dislike your
children and people really don't like
that idea because they think we tend to
think sentimentally and we forget the
fact that so many families are fractured
and unhappy and there may be love but
that doesn't necessarily mean that
there's that people are getting along
and and actually taking care of each
other properly there may not be liking
so this is a chapter on on proper
discipline I would say and discipline
isn't only the maintenance of of order
although it's partly that discipline is
also the process by which children are
shaped into socially desirable beings
and one of the most important things you
can do for your child especially between
the ages of 2 & 4 which is a critical
period is to help them develop into the
kind of children that adults are happy
to see and to interact with because then
they'll learn from adults but also that
really know how to play well with other
children and one of the principles that
you can live by essentially if you're a
parent is that if your child is doing
something that makes you dislike them if
you're honest with yourself then the
probability that that same behavior will
make other people dislike them is
extremely high now you know you have to
discuss that with your partner assuming
that you have one with your wife or your
husband to make sure that you're not
being overly touchy or harsh or
unreasonable but it's very important to
help your children learn to behave in a
manner that makes everyone else in the
world look kindly on them it's super
important it's it's really the most
important thing you can do as a parent
is
far as I'm concerned and so that chapter
is about the philosophy of discipline
and about how it can be applied in day
to day life so I talked about rules
derived from English common law which is
use of minimum necessary force so that's
a good guideline for per discipline well
for anyone but certainly when you're
dealing with children well let me ask
you pressure professor because I you and
I have had some interesting
conversations about being agreeable and
being agreeable means you can fit into a
culture but you yourself for perhaps
changing I we all like to be agreeable
sometimes but I feel like I'm sometimes
a dissident and sometimes disobedient
and sometimes I value being the only
person in a room with a certain position
I like being an outlier and and I think
there's some value to that so let me ask
you and I don't know if you covered this
in the chapter how because you're
talking about you know discipline of
kids and if you if they're doing
something you don't like odds are others
won't like it how much do we want to
inculcate not caring what the world
thinks about you being right if you
think the whole world is wrong and being
courageous enough to say I don't care
what the world says the world is wrong
we don't want to be too cranky in too
much of a recluse who's always on the
wrong side of things but how do you get
the balance because I don't want
completely obedient kids I want them
obedient enough what's the answer there
right well right well first of all it
isn't necessarily the case that that
purely agreeable and and obedient
children are going to be the most
popular but I or the most socially
welcomed because we also admire courage
and forthrightness and in other chapters
like chapter eight I have is called tell
the truth or at least don't lie and so
the other thing that you certainly want
to do with your kids is encourage them
to tell the truth and and but but if
they're socialized
well and they're sophisticated then they
can tell the truth in a in a manner that
causes the least possible amount of
friction which is really what you want
right you want to be able to say what
you have to say but you don't want to
make unnecessary enemies and a kid
that's truthful in
straight forward and also knows the
social rules is a really nice
combination of social intelligence let's
say sophisticated social intelligence
and diplomacy plus the ability to stand
up courageously so I don't think that
these things are opposed to each other I
mean you certainly for example don't
want your child to be the sort of child
who tells on other kids right you want
them to have enough courage to keep
certain things to themselves and maybe
even to to be able to maintain their own
privacy when that's necessary so when
I'm talking about child discipline and
not letting your kids do anything that
makes you dislike them it isn't exactly
that I'm I'm suggesting to people that
they make children obedient I'm
suggesting that they help them learn how
to be people that other people want to
play games with hmm and you know if you
think about someone who's a good
sportsman who's desirable on sports
teams I mean those are people who not
only can play the game with the amount
of skill and rigor that's necessary but
play it in a manner that takes everyone
else's interests into account and helps
develop the team you know so it's it's
it's a sophisticated look at discipline
and it's certainly not predicated only
on the idea that an obedient child is
the proper child well I tell you I can
hardly wait to get a hold of this book
you've touched on three of the 12 rules
the book is called twelve rules for life
an antidote to chaos and I think that
that's that's bang on what a great and
enchanting title I can hardly wait to
read it
it's coming out in January I hope you'll
be doing some book events across Canada
I know those would be sold out you've
certainly built up a following how long
is the book is it is it meant for laymen
I mean you're a professor you operated a
high level can can someone who's not us
not a scholar not a university style
person will they find this book
accessible yes I believe so I I would
say it's a deep book but it's also it's
written to be as accessible as it
possibly can be so I think that you know
it it's
I wouldn't call it precisely an easy
read but I think it's straightforward
enough so that anyone who applies
themselves to it is going to be able to
understand it with no problem like I
don't assume a tremendous amount of
initial knowledge and I'm definitely
trying to write to a to a broad audience
and I've had lots of help with that from
my editors and and other people who are
keeping an eye on me to make sure that I
don't that I don't get too abstract so
the whole point is to take high-level
knowledge and to make it practically
accessible to people that's exactly why
I wrote the book and I think it succeeds
yeah so I think that's your specialties
you take high level knowledge and make
it accessible and you you have a way you
found a way to connect with millions of
people I think that you are quite surely
the most widely read and listened to
professor in Canada today and I say that
based on your YouTube and Twitter and
Facebook followings and and just
watching your lectures it's great to
talk to you thank you for spending this
time with us I am going to order this
book immediately I know it won't be
delivered till January but I want to
preorder it and I think in fact there's
a good discount to do that on Amazon
we'll have a link at the bottom of this
page it's great to see a professor and
when the book is out you know let us
know if you're having any book events
we'd love to be a part of that if if
there's one the cities we're strong in
we believe in your message and most
importantly in your courage and saying
it well thanks a lot is Ron and yeah I
think that if people are enjoying my
lectures then they'll have no trouble
with this book because I think the book
is actually more straightforward than
many of the lectures so I'm hoping
that's the case anyway so well thanks
very much for the interview and and for
talking to me about the book I hope that
it has the impact that I want I'm trying
to help people figure out how to
straighten out their lives and the
antidote to chaos idea is you know
consequence of where I think we are
politically and philosophically right
now and I think there's there's a agents
of chaos so to speak spreading discord
everywhere and this is an attempt to
make the center stronger again let's
let's put it that way
outstanding well thank you so much for
this and you certainly whetted my
appetite I
you didn't give away too much but you
gave away enough of what's in the book
that makes me want to learn what all
twelve rules are and I'm sure our
viewers too great to see a professor
thanks joining us thanks all right well
what a what attack I talked to a
professor Peterson all day long and of
course if you haven't been to his
YouTube channel he has a great many
lectures length speeches there they're
worth watching that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
