we are getting there we reckon in about
a week we'll be in it and I like as
you're going to walk around it doesn't
look like we'll be in there in a week
but this all just needs clearing out
this is the editing studio we have to
buy all the equipment yet but the actual
premises the building the work you'll be
done will be ready come on in know
someone look we've got if you remember
never live remember I remember myself
but come on free we've got so she is
longing all along it
there wasn't a wall from there remember
that used to take you through into the
industrial state but there wasn't a wall
but we this is my idea I'm coming up we
want to make this into a it's not
Mohammed or cool most of all where
people are sending their pictures we do
our images and we put as a defiant
argument of free speech we'll put
pictures of my all along this wall and
then come on in there this will be I
know I know you probably thinking if
you're looking when it's not ready it
doesn't look ready
what but it will be because this is just
it just needed this rumor take a day to
swell and this will be the room where we
sit down and chill with guests guests
will come in so for here so for they're
sitting have a chat that's what I do
anyway but this this is where mate the
most that works been going on beyond
this point now if you remember this wall
there was a wall long in the little door
going in to have knock them all out
we've opened the kitchen up we'll put a
kitchen table here where I'll see
sometimes with caves sometimes with
others where we're doing the review of
the papers or review of the weekly news
or the daily news or different things
were going to bring into the show will
do them sat here the backdrop is what I
like we're gonna have a Union Jack
fridge going here with a British flag on
it the beautiful British flag will have
a clerk have going here with the
beautiful British flag that probably
sounds corny as hell done it but it'll
look good I like it and it's what I've
always wanted said to my missus when
we're doing my house only get Union Jack
fridge she's like fuck off we're not
having you jack free to chav well I want
one and now what my own studio and it's
called Atomos you know I'm gonna have
them so come into the main studio
there's a billionaire car
they have a neck oh did you hear this
neck oh there's an echo so Oliver's job
the man behind the camera it's just a
tech on not mine but my job will be to
sit in here and bring you a daily show
every day news reports papers no papers
are in there news reports chats we want
to try and get a live stream way of
doing it we want to try it there's so
much we want to do I want to have a ways
that you the viewers couldn't contact
can ask questions etc etc so come down
you know Oliver wait once then let's
really you can see the width of it the
length of saris a good size isn't it so
on it it's right but if you donate it
you contributed you've helped us get
this far we've got let me just turn you
round Oliver no steel doors steel doors
I'm trying to trace double doors okay
which we need it we need it because we
will be a big target cinema
yeah turn around so you can see the
backdrop and then yeah I know that still
doesn't look nearly ready but it is once
it's flawed here there Creighton starts
Friday we'll move into this room that
way really we'll start working from this
room which is so much better for us to
have a base but what base what place to
bring your daily show two days shows I'm
excited I'm happy and it's good and it's
finally it finally to be getting there
and it is let me just tell you what's on
this because it's seven o'clock it's
Tuesday night I got home last night at
half eight all right I'm going home see
my kids before I go to sleep
so I'm sorry Oliver if you can look at
me and ask me to do anything else cuz
every time I've tried to go for at last
two hours
he said you just do this you just got do
this you just got do this
oh god I'm still kids so thank you ever
so much love you all Cheers if you're
not already a subscriber please go to
Tom's and com4 /watch and you can
subscribe and be part of our daily shows
you
