I think one of the things that is so
interesting is when they interview
people about Donald Trump they they
don't like him and what they don't like
about him is the way he talks and the
kinds of and his behavior which is which
I often don't like I mean he can be
bullying he can be brusque he can be
rude to people and people don't like
that and they they they fail to see or
they at least are not thinking about the
fact that they themselves their lives
have already gotten better under the
Trump administration the economy is
booming most of the people who don't
like him for doing quite well they don't
go back you know I went back the other
day and looked at a quote by general
mattis the defense secretary mad dog
matters they call him Jim mattis and
saying you know Donald Trump has given
us the go-ahead to annihilate Isis so
that was about nine ten months ago and
Isis Isis hasn't been annihilated but
their Caliphate has virtually been
annihilated because of Donald Trump's
being the way he has been as a
commander-in-chief and he gives all the
credit to the military as he should but
but still it was under his command and
and that's the kind of thing that's so
amazing that's not being reported and
instead what's being reported is he
called bob Corker a name and he's in
this little squabble in that little
squabble and it really is an interesting
situation so what you're asking me and i
don't have the answer i don't think
anybody does is will the image overtake
the reality and i think that that's a
really interesting question i think a
lot of it is going to depend on what
Congress does I think if he can get some
major legislation passed and the economy
really takes off it's already gotten
much better than the experts said it
would but I think if that happens it may
be that people learn to live with his
slightly offbeat behavior I mean he is a
character there's just no question about
it and I think that what I always say
about him is I don't like bullies very
much but it's hard to root against a
bully when he's fighting ten other
bullies yeah I think that that's what's
happening to Trump he's fighting a media
that has bullied the right into silence
and submission I talked to men who are
literally afraid to say that women are
different than men or that a man in a
dress is not actually a woman I talked
to people who are literally afraid to
say that out loud or apologize for
that is the bullying of the press that
is the Shroud of ignorance and silence
and untruth that the press the media has
wrapped us in all those five P's you
were talking about mostly I think
professora and the press have wrapped us
in Trump breaks through it in a very
brusque rude bullying way sometimes but
I think it's important that he breaks it
I think he's doing God's work and doing
it that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
