despite progressive Democrat lies to the
contrary the diversity visa lottery
program is putting Americans at risk and
it must be shut down now last week the
New York Times of all outlets did a
really good piece on this program
entitled diversity Visa Lottery inside
the program that admitted a terror
suspect the time starts by going to the
root of the program which is also the
heart of many of the lies progressives
and Democrats are telling you last week
when an immigrant from Uzbekistan say
fool√≠s a paav killed 8 people in New
York City in the name of Isis in the
name of Islam progressives took the
microphones and cameras and said well it
had nothing to do with diversity Visa
Lottery he came here on that but he was
an unintended consequence
he's an outlier he's a rarity this
program was intended to help Irish
immigrants white Western Europeans well
that was true 30 years ago this program
has its roots in the Immigration Act of
1965 which essentially eliminated
country quotas for Western Europe
basically it decreased immigration from
Western Europe countries like Ireland
while increasing it from places like
Latin America and the Middle East
so in the 1980s trying to rectify this
problem a group of Irish American
congressmen led by a Democrat at a
Boston named Brian Donnelly introduced a
temporary measure and let me redo the
New York Times said quote that provided
an alternative path to a green card for
citizens of countries adversely affected
by the 1965 reforms including Ireland
but this wasn't all about Ireland all
about only white Europeans in the 1990s
actually in 1990 Chuck Schumer
introduced a bill to make the program
permanent and it passed so what to help
Ireland rights programs about helping
Ireland all these guys ran up to help
Ireland let's talk about how many Irish
immigrants have come to the United
States on this program on the diversity
Visa Lottery program that progressives
are telling you was designed and is
still designed to help white Irish
immigrants let's talk about how many
white Irish immigrants I'm approving
they're white because Ireland is
predominantly white some of them may be
black some might be other races
let's talk about how many people from
Ireland have come here on this program
in the last 10 years actually laughable
in 2007 50 people from Ireland came here
2007 50 people from Ireland came 2008 50
109 51,000 1061 1187 2012 76 2013 52
2014 44 2015 50 people and in 2016 a
whopping 36 people from Ireland came to
the US on the diversity Visa Lottery
program another liberal progressive
Democrat lied
debunked debunked with data from the
State Department an institutionally left
government agency
it's absolutely mind-blowing it's
ridiculous but what's required to come
here on the diversity visa lottery
program you need to be a surgeon with
some special skills maybe an engineer
with a new method of building a safer
bridge oh no no no in fact no special
skills are required let me read you this
quote from the New York Times quote no
special skills are required a high
school diploma suffices there is no
limit how many years a person can enter
the lottery no country can account for
more than seven percent of all visas
issued in one year but there's a lot of
countries out there so that means a lot
of people are coming here from places
that wish to do us harm
this year the entry period opened
October 18th 2017 and it ends in a
couple of weeks in a few weeks on
November 22nd we are smack dab in the
middle of this program remember this
program designed to help Irish
immigrants of which 36 came last year
the program is also ripe with fraud let
me tell you what the New York Times said
about that quote the program has been
marred by fraud one year an applicant
submitted more than 2,000 entries other
winners have sold themselves for
marriage or to bring a spouse to the US
and we have a k1 visa for that purpose
so they're defrauding the diversity visa
program as well and let's talk about
people from some of the countries who
come here now remember in 2016 36 Irish
immigrants came but 2000 778 came from
the Democratic Republic of the Congo a
country that's perpetually at war will
reap is legal two thousand seven hundred
seventy eight people came there's no law
on the books against rape in the
Democratic Republic of the Congo and
people in the Democratic Republic of the
Congo according to Pew Research support
Sharia law at a rate of 74 percent
2855 people came here on diversity visas
from Egypt last year emember Egypt is
where Mohammed Atta the 9/11 ringleader
was from in Egypt 74 percent of people
support sharia law who 2143 came from
ethiopia in ethiopia 65 % of the
population support support sharia law
Ethiopia is also home some of the most
radical terror groups offshoots of
al-qaeda Nigeria doesn't have numbers
for 2016 but in 2014 saw two thousand
four hundred and sixty-seven people
admitted to the US under the diversity
visa lottery program in Nigeria 71
percent of the population support Sharia
law while a country like Ireland is
predominantly Irish Catholic this
diversity visa lottery program has
nothing to do with white Europeans they
are a fraction of a fraction of a
fraction of the people we're letting in
now let's look at syphilis ape of the
Isis terrorist who murdered eight people
in New York City he came from Uzbekistan
right what was he one outlier was he
some random coincidence the way they
make it sound was Becca Stan only had a
few people come in right wrong another
progressive Democratic lie to you in
2010 the year say pop entered the United
States we allowed 3356 diversity visa
applicants from Uzbekistan into the u.s.
in fact whose Becca Stan was the largest
recipient of diversity visas one of them
being a terrorist who killed eight
innocents in New York City in the name
of Isis there is something very very
wrong with this program and you're being
lied to about it it needs to be shut
down but our immigration system on the
whole is an absolute mess just this past
week the Department of Justice is
civilly charging for Somalis for
scamming the diversity Visa Lottery
program this is the story from
conservative review so let me read you a
quote quote the DoD Department of
Justice DOJ Department of Justice DHS
homeland security in the State
Department filed civil complaints in the
District of Minnesota because if you
understand Somali migration you know
that they are predominantly relocating
in the Minneapolis st. Paul area if you
also understand Somali you know that it
is a hotbed breeding ground for
al-shabaab the very violent
very very violent brutal terror group
filed civil complaints the district of
Minnesota against four Somali immigrants
who illegally obtained visas through the
diversity Visa Lottery the complaint
states they unlawfully knowingly and
fraudulently represented to immigration
officials that they were a family
to gain admission to the u.s. that
scares me because they could very well
be in al-shabaab terror cell
posing as a family very well be very
easily be and this program is so porous
it's allowing for
now conservative review goes on to say
so Daniel Horowitz wrote this smart guy
like Daniel whoa it's simply
preposterous that Somalia would even be
on the list of diversity countries and
he's a hundred percent right like I said
it is a breeding ground a hotbed of all
Shabaab terror activity
the Attorney General United States jeff
Sessions chimed in on this DLJ chimed in
on this but but this is all
representative of a bigger bigger
problem we have institutional leftists
here in the United States in agencies
like the State Department they are lying
to us and their Democrat cohorts in the
Congress and the senator line telling
you things like these programs are
designed to help Irish immigrants
Western European immigrants they are not
they are letting some very bad people
from some very bad places into this
nation and president Trump needs to shut
them down
today this content is really important
and I want to keep bringing it to you so
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.mediaed.org this
you
