pro-life students censored and banned in
the nation's capital campus diversity
strikes again students for life at the
University of Ottawa are like any other
sanctioned campus group or I guess they
used to be they say they exist on campus
and have the University of Ottawa for at
least the last ten years to promote the
dignity of human life from conception to
natural birth they meet to talk about an
issue that they're all very passionate
about and they try to educate other
people with facts they behave they
follow all the rules actually they've
never been accused of not following the
rules and again they've been around for
at least 10 years they sometimes trigger
the left on campus with chalk messages
with facts about abortion like this one
here that says 90% of children with Down
syndrome are aborted have we gone too
far and sometimes they use chalk hearts
to represent the hearts of unborn babies
they say are stopped each day through
abortion it's a pretty innocuous tame
way to get their point across
considering what can and does go on on
university campuses all across the
country like slut walks and the like now
you can agree like I do with their
message or disagree it's a free country
but they certainly aren't hurting
anybody or limiting anyone else's human
rights by spreading their message
there's no nudity no vulgarity no swears
no anti-israel baloney no overt sexual
displays just uncomfortable facts and if
the facts make you uncomfortable you
probably need to ask yourself why and
they've actually been the target of
vandalism and bullying themselves in
2014 30 of their posters were taken down
across the campus but because students
for life made the snowflakes
uncomfortable on campus they have been
denied official campus group status this
year and this decision comes just a few
days after being originally approved
again for campus group status the way
they have been
again for at least 10 years this is the
email to students Federation sent
students for life terminating their
status this email is to inform you of
your club's removal from the SF UO Club
system this decision was made due to the
ways in which your mandate is in
contention with the SF uoz principles
the student Federation is explicitly
pro-choice fine but let's be clear their
principles do not include free thought
free speech free association their
principles are imposing the pro-choice
mandate on every single student against
their will and calling it diversity in
women's rights and how is this group in
lying but the Students Federation
principles for the last 10 years but all
of a sudden now they just aren't
terminating official status can be
devastating for a campus group being
denied campus status means the pro-life
Club will no longer have access to 15
free room bookings per semester for club
activities free multimedia bookings on
the weekends and they won't be listed in
the student Federation clubs website the
way every other student club is but it's
more than that every single student at
the University of Ottawa pays mandatory
student Federation dues these dues
impart go to support student clubs which
means these pro-life students are forced
to support clubs they are fundamentally
opposed to but cannot start a club to
reflect their own values and balance the
constant progressive messaging at their
school it's censorship plain and simple
so students for life have appealed and
they've hired the Justice Center for
constitutional freedoms to take on their
case now the Justice Center sent a
letter to the school saying the decision
discriminates against students for life
based on its pro-life opinions and
beliefs this decision violates the
principles of natural justice student
Federation's own constitution and
policies and the fundamental Canadian
values of freedom of expression and
Association which are crucially
important at academic institutions now
the Justice Center asks that the group
be reinstated by November 3rd but that's
not the end of this
instead of heating the justice centers
advise the student Federation is
doubling down a meeting was held this
past weekend by the Students Federation
to bolster the University's commitment
to its pro-choice anti freedom stance
and a whole host of other wacky things
like a motion to affirm that people are
harmed by capitalism and another to
divest from fossil fuels now thankfully
the motion to support the BDS sanction
movement against Israel didn't pass and
the student Federation passed a motion
that affirms a person's right to choose
no student Federation resources space
recognition or funding will be allocated
to enhance groups or individuals with
the primary or sole purpose of pro-life
activities so they'll take the kids
pro-life money in the form of dues but
they don't want to hear what the
pro-life kids have to say or for that
matter even let them say it University
is like an alternative universe where
self-awareness just doesn't exist
students for life called the motion
exactly what it is a deliberate attempt
to censor discussion they find
distasteful they accused the motion of
limiting their ability to fight for
legal club status in the future
pro-life students who showed up at the
sunday meeting were allowed to plead
their case for the right to free
expression at their university until
they were cut off I mean I can't even
believe I said that sentence in Canada
allowed to plead their case for free
speech anyway just watch some of the
exchanges between the pro-life students
and their censorious crybaby peers who
think they have a right not to be
offended here
on that area and the only reason why he
would shut back and bacon area from my
case is it your work the other side
actually eat you so why are they trying
to choke sorry there's a speaking
specifically about pulling groups that
wants to advocate
by denying students for life official
club status the University of Ottawa
student Federation is going against the
mandate of the club's themselves this is
directly from the student Federation
website with regard to student clubs the
student federation clubs play a vital
role in student life on campus they
reflect the great diversity of our
student population at the University of
Ottawa and serve as a centerpiece that
brings together a multitude of students
with similar interests backgrounds and
ambitions yeah they keep saying
diversity but it doesn't doesn't mean
what they think it means the student
clubs are supposed to exist exist to
promote diversity but like most other
leftists when the student Federation
says diversity they mean in color sexual
behavior and choice of birth control but
not thought never diversity of thought
for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read
did you know I have a weekly show here
on the rebel where I focus on issues
facing Alberta to get access to my show
and the rest of our amazing premium
content become a subscriber today
you
