yeah there's a circular firing squad as
there has to be I think when a party
loses an election that it ought to win
it should re-examine its policies and
especially its leaders the problem is
that the Democrat Party has leaders that
don't want to let go and that includes
not just Hillary Clinton but it also
includes Obama and all his minions who
are running around directing the
so-called resistance that's now arisen
we used to call it political opposition
they like to think of themselves more
romantically as a kind of government in
exile waging guerrilla war against the
fascist regime that has taken over their
country and they are basically
monopolizing the conversation they're
not saying anything that's relevant to
voters and we keep facing these warnings
about ominous judgment against the
Republicans on election day today is
election day actually in the United
States we have two statewide
gubernatorial elections one in New
Jersey one in Virginia Democrats are
expected to win both of them although
there might be a Republican upset in
Virginia but we haven't really seen that
backlash in fact in most of the
congressional races that have happened
since November Republicans have
prevailed and not only that but in
recent races in primary races the
trumpet wing of the party has prevailed
over the more establishment wing so we
don't really see that backlash and it's
because the opposition to Donald Trump
does not have a clear or a winning
message other than we don't like Trump
well that's how Hillary Clinton won
excuse me how she won that's how she ran
and almost won in 2016 she ran on hating
everything Trump talking about how he
hated women how he was a racist a
xenophobe
and these things didn't matter or people
didn't believe them they voted for Trump
anyway because of his persuasive
abilities but also because he was with
them on the issues that mattered and
Democrats are not talking about those
issues if I were a Democrat today I
would be talking about the national debt
Bill Clinton talked about the national
debt and won in 1992 now he was prodded
into doing so by Ross Perot who made
that the signature issue of his campaign
but he connected with a wide group of
voters who also shared concerns about
the rising
now trunk made a big big deal out of the
debt when he ran against Hillary Clinton
and Obama made a big deal out of the
debt when he ran to replace George W
Bush but we've seen concern for the debt
fall off considerably as Republicans
have debated all these various tax
proposals and so forth so if I wrote
Democrat I'd say hey look the
Republicans have dropped the ball this
is what got the Tea Party into power and
in the house at least in 2010 why don't
we make our campaign about this but
they're not talking about that they're
talking about the economy they're gonna
hit Trump on the economy well good luck
with that we've had the most successful
year in the stock market in the post-war
era and we've got unemployment at four
point one percent which economists used
to think was impossible we've got
hundreds of thousands of new jobs being
created every month and and very rosy
prospects on the horizon so it doesn't
look like that's going to be a winning
argument for them in 2018 they have yet
to find their way and so you've seen
this bickering because right now it's
just about factions in the party the
Bernie Kratz versus the Hillary machine
and so forth but they don't really have
seemed to have done any of the work they
need to do to get back where they are
and they don't seem to attract the kind
of interest from a candidate like a
Trump on the other side who could bring
their personal brand and their special
set of skills to the race right now as
the Washington Post said today if the
2016 election were held again today that
is same voters same issues and so forth
you could replicate that set up Trump
would win again and it's because Hillary
Clinton's supporters have fallen off
much more than Trump's hat that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
