even this nothingness it's a light
remember I showed you that first CNN
clip they showed both the Japanese PM
Shinzo Abe a and Donald Trump it was a
wide shot as we call in TV and then they
narrowed of these zoomed in on Trump
that was no accident because here start
rolling the full clip I'm going to show
you the actual footage of the whole
events before CNN altered it this is
what's called the pool feed so it's
video footage that every media company
got they pooled their resources one
camera as you can see you just saw this
right you just saw this this is called
the pool feed so if you look what's
going on Trump is basically watching
exactly what his hosts did there's the
koi fish would you know the right way to
freakoid fish probably not right it's
the Japanese thing so the Japanese PM
shoveled it then Trump shovel and then
do you see that did you see that the
Japanese PM through his whole box out
Trump saw it and then Trump did
literally the same thing a moment later
it was like he was playing Simon Says
right it's probably smart when you're
doing something ceremonial in Japan just
follow exactly what your host is doing I
want to watch that key part one more
time okay look at that Shinzo Abe a as
throws his box in Trump sees that turns
his box around and and dumps it and then
they both walked away both give a little
wave and they walk away successful
photo-op but no it wasn't was it
CNN just couldn't help themselves they
just couldn't and they thought they
could get away with it as they always do
by deceptively editing it the internet
quickly saw their deception and mock did
you see the deception please pause there
for a second Trump was literally
following everything his Japanese host
did spoon the food spoon the food spoon
the food spoon the food spoon the food
to spoon the food then the Japanese PM
dumped the box
Trump saw that then Trump dumped the box
they both waved and left so he did
exactly what his Japanese hosted but the
trick was CNN cut Shinzo Abe a out of
the image and you
just saw Trump dumping it which is no
big deal but then the narrative oh he
was impatient oh he's a buffoon he
couldn't help himself what an
embarrassment no you saw the truth and
people on the Internet quickly saw this
deception and mocked it but so what
millions of people saw the original
broadcast and tweet around the world CNN
is a famous brand around the world
around the clock everyone saw the lie
and even if a lot of people later saw
the truth with the the damage was
already done that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
