Batman V Superman dawn of Justice
alright this is the only movie more
polarizing than today's political
landscape I'm going to tell you guys
where I think this movie clearly missed
the mark but also how this movie is much
deeper having each character symbolize
the debate of political power and how it
should be used also the dangers of
killing God and religions role in
politics much more than meets the eye
let's do it
before you sorted spoiler alert if you
guys haven't seen the movie please go
see it first and then come back to this
movie but I'm gonna discuss Batman V
Superman extended cut before you guys
watch the movie brace yourself because
it's three hours long but I'm gonna do
this because studio is often ruin
everything the movie was made for 250
million dollars but it grossed over
eight hundred and thirty million dollars
worldwide and was directed by Zack
Snyder now this movie setup is very
similar to Captain America's Civil War
and Civil War I believe is a better
movie but the ideas that are wrestled
with in Batman V Superman I think far
exceed it because it's not about the
individuals it is about the ideas and
what they represent alright an
all-powerful villain is set on
destroying the world and everyone on it
heroes step in to save them even
sacrifice their own lives from the dust
settles everything is madness everything
is crazy and people are complaining
about all kinds of stuff it's very
similar in both movies and stop me this
also just drove you crazy in Captain
America Civil War where Tony Stark just
stopped the elevator and this woman's
like yeah thank you so much for saving
me and everyone else in the entire
planet but these villains also killed my
son when you guys were fighting so hey
forget you and then Tony Stark goes
crazy and you're like dude yeah bad
people are gonna do bad things like we
can't stop everybody but you can save
the entire world it's kind of similar
things are wrestled with in this movie
but I think this was much much much any
more nuanced because it's all symbolic
of political power and how it should be
wielded and that is why my critic
reviews me way higher than what you
think I'm gonna give it a 4 out of 5 no
you're like dude why you gave me that
big good of a review I'll tell you why
because the political stuff talked about
the ideas restless and also the way it's
executed is fantastic I'll get into why
the movie also completely missed the
mark in the next segment but as a film
the score was amazing the directing by
Zack Snyder was tremendous it was well
acted well performed but the ideas
themselves were very deep and awesome
okay let me get into it first of all
each character is symbolic of their
ideas of the way power should be used
okay different political ideologies if
you will Clark Kent Batman Lex Luthor
and even Lois Lane Superman embodying
Western civilization capitalism today of
Christian principles like he is what
these things stand for people oftentimes
think that okay there's no way you could
be that good
blending for all of our problems and
issues but takes it all on himself
always takes the blame and it's like
alright I'm still gonna be here for you
guys no matter what he thinks people
should be free to make their own choices
but he should be there for the big
problems with you get invaded by an
alien or another country invade you he's
gonna be there as your nuclear deterrent
also on the very very small individual
bad you know tragic cases he's also
there to save the cat from the tree and
also the people just from killing
themselves you have these basic rights
he's gonna protect protect you from
outside influences and these individual
cases one on one okay Batman represents
a very mad max' libertarian almost where
he just trusts anyone that would power
over anyone because he knows men are
evil and everyone's corruptible and at
its core no one is perfect okay so
because that he fears any influence any
power over anyone which is an
understandable position to take and he
does this in Gotham the bad side is with
both these two characters for one
Superman without his values and
principles or the Constitution or his
religious beliefs or you know living on
these things he is a tyrant like without
those things those foundations he ever
is willing to compromise those he is a
tire and he's it's Attalla Terry and
it's gonna be crazy and awful and in
Batman's world yes he is there to fight
for the little guy yes he will kill the
bad guys even when it's necessary
however and on an individual level this
works but on a macro this would nice
sometimes it could lend itself to a very
survival the fittest landscape and also
this is not gonna protect you from the
big thing the extreme cases like his
world will not protect you from that you
need that nuclear deterrent in Superman
and so these two heads kind of but
during the movie like flu Thurs is a
little weirder things nothing is fair
and no one should have anything and so
I'm gonna take the power for myself I'm
gonna be this person because I just
trust god I hate God hate government I
hate everything I'm gonna be this guy
wouldn't be this this embodiment and if
that doesn't work I'm gonna bring my own
tyrant in to rule for me which he does
twice in this movie Mike Michael knows
for the best when he said that you
scratch any left is deep enough you'll
funded totality Aryan underneath and
they do Lois Lane plays a tremendous
role in this movie as well because of
this new debate of the Superman
different politicians are throwing out
talking points trying to score points
with their base the media is
sensationalizing everything for ratings
putting people against each other and
Lois Lane is seeking the truth and being
unbiased for all the nonsense going on
to find out
what's actually going on the situation
is Superman the bad person or is there
something else pulling the strings
making this all worse and she is that
unbiased reporter that finds the truth
and gives it out to everyone is kind of
hero of the whole movie okay so
basically she is that truth seeker like
the rebel media trying to give you the
information you need that is unbiased
trying to give you guys the truth well
wouldn't what is great about this is you
see that mutually beneficial
relationship that check and balance
between Batman and Superman Batman
realizes Superman is necessary that his
values his principles are needed his
power is needed but I'm gonna be there
to keep you in check you never get too
big for yourself we can't let that
government get too big either because
it's gonna could potentially be horrible
for the entire planet Superman also
appreciates that point of view and
understands you're right never want to
get too big and yes you can be there to
keep me in check kinda think it's great
and you need that that libertarian that
conservative mesh together now as a
movie we're gonna get into kind of
exactly what you guys we're talking
about and why this movie missed the mark
I'm gonna give it a 2 out of 5 now a lot
of people didn't like this movie and I'm
gonna give you a scenario that might
change in mind what if and I love the
guy but what if Jesse Eisenberg didn't
give the worst performance of a super
villain since Jared Leto's Joker like
what if you took that Joker or that that
Lex Luthor out of the movie okay and
what if you didn't have the studio
putting in all these different cameos
and all these different movie setups
with these crazy scenes that don't
really mesh together with the movie I
think he would find a really intricate
well acted well shot political crime
drama between Batman V Superman like the
first half the movie even in that
fantastic courtroom scene the great
Batman warehouse scene like all these
scenes like together in a more condensed
store without so many things going on I
bet it would been a great movie right
unfortunately it wasn't like I'm sorry
to give it 2 out of 4 but you can see
where this movie could have been great
and is still good if you you know sit
back and appreciate all the stuff going
on so I'm gonna give it a 2 out of 5 as
my viewer review now the lens of faith
this is pretty fun I'm gonna give it a 4
out of 5 I think I think Superman has a
very clear christ-like symbol in this
movie I said like I said for his values
his backstory being sent to earth the
people rejecting him sacrificing his own
life to save everyone this movie I liked
also the way this shows kind of the role
of religion and politics in the movie
and also someone that is is honorable
and seeking the truth like Batman his
relationship we has with Superman
because he
not believe in Superman he does not
trust Superman he doesn't fall back on
Superman but he appreciates the
principles in the way that he lives his
life he thinks the principles and the
values what he represents what he stands
for is necessary and he appreciates
those and protects those you know he
doesn't necessarily believe in those I
think it's a good example of the way the
government should be run that
relationship between it you don't want
to force people to believe in Superman
no but you understand that these values
and principles are necessary and very
important it's very much like common law
being based on the Bible and
judeo-christian principles as well as
the Constitution the Bill of Rights are
all to come and derive from that you
don't have to believe in where they come
from but you have to at least appreciate
the values and principles and protect
those because when you understand that
these are very very important things
like why is it you shouldn't just like
you know Madol law that makes you
believe in those no I could you have to
have that separation of church and state
as well but we can all fall back and
appreciate those and understand these
need to be protected and that we should
also like bloom by these things that
could be completely off base and that in
please comment if you disagree but I
encourage you guys to rewatch the
extended cut if you have three hours to
do so but it's definitely worth the
reward on movie for me to watch through
that new lens of politic and faith it's
pretty cool all right
until next time I'm Ben Davies with the
reel rebel review alright if you liked
this video and others like it you should
consider being a Premium Member - the
rebel that way you'll have first access
to pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup they're pretty good too
you
