now Rachel Notley has said over the
course I guess of the past year that she
will be cracking down on these political
action these political action groups or
as we call them in Alberta third-party
advertisers what are the anticipated
changes that you guys think are coming
down the pipe at you well they've made
two rounds of changes to Alberta's
election financing and they're looking
at a third one they think it's because
they didn't foresee the result of their
changes and how groups would pursue
political involvement under them but the
fact remains they passed these laws many
of which didn't have significant
consultation or debate because the NDP
rushed and like they do with everything
else and now they're struggling with
their lack of planning the NDP may
decide they want to revisit third
parties but the truth is they thought
they could get away with it they've been
corporate contributions to third parties
while allowing unlimited amounts of
union money you know it's it's certain
unions that have said that they exist to
can to kick the teeth in of
conservatives you know we if we said
things like that you know all hell would
break loose and I'm probably going to
get in trouble for using that word but
I'm pologize for it you know that's
something else that ax me we always are
apologizing yet they don't apologize for
anything that's an excerpt from my
weekly full-length show the gun show on
my show I take on the issues of the day
through my Alberta conservative lens and
I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
