well school's out for summer actually
it's fall
school's out to protest the sex ed
curriculum and it's kind of funny folks
because these look like elementary
school kids we were expecting high
school kids here well try to see if
there's some teachers here that can
explain what exactly is going on for you
guys to talk to us so what's this
protests all about my friend um this
protest is about the sex ed being
removed from the curriculum and they're
replacing it with the old one we think
it's not fair because we want to move
forward not backwards and what grade are
you in if you don't mind me asking I am
in grade seven okay and you kids look
really young what grade are you guys in
so what is wrong do you think with the
sex ed curriculum the new one yeah I
guess I hear you chanting don't go back
to 98 and oh it does not have consent it
doesn't talk about consent and about how
we should like have consent before we
I'm not sure I'm sorry no problem no no
no worries and about yourself is there
any specific problems with the sex ed
curriculum tell me has your parents and
teachers maybe put you up to this
protest absolutely not we do this by
choice
because we do not consent and how about
you guys is there any particular element
of the sex ed curriculum that has you
upset and yourself trans kids won't
think that it's like their place and
what exactly would you expect a school
to teach about LGBTQ yourself anybody
being like having to change you to think
fun of you do you feel there's any
discrimination against those kind of
students at your school it kind of seems
that it's already working then okay
thank you what about you folks I'm kind
of feeling a little weirded out here
it's just the age of these kids that are
protesting I mean we were expecting
older high school kids to be here
evidently they're coming back on Sunday
on mass but as you can see they're
chanting don't go back to 98 no
ignorance no hate but when you ask them
to fully explain what's behind the
slogan they can't and that's not a
criticism they're just kids and I really
don't know why they're here for the
rebel dog media I'm David the men's own
Menzies hey folks if you like the kind
of journalism we deliver here at the
rebel please like and subscribe
you
