so here's the latest this is the news
it's a poster
we've got poster there it's okay to be
white it says posters a big word for
it's just really some words printed on a
piece of paper parental discretion
advised eh it's okay to be white that's
it
is that racist I don't think so if it
said it's not okay to be white that
would be racist if it said it's not okay
to be black that would be racist but the
truth is it is okay to be any color and
it's okay to say so a sign that said
it's okay to be black or it's okay to be
Aboriginal would be so banal we wouldn't
even notice it but this sign again we
don't know who put it up it just said
it's okay to be white in my reaction to
it has been well exactly what you'd come
to expect you know that no my reaction
is it's nothing but the general reaction
is exactly what you come expecting the
crazy intersection of universities and
politicians and media and left-wing
racism industry entrepreneurs here's
some social media account that I think
might be a joke because it's so insane
but I'm not insurer I'm not sure this is
from an online forum for an Tifa types
far-left Rider types and look at the
headline here racists are putting up
Nazi propaganda in my town this is the
third one I've seen since yes
is it Nazism to say it's okay to be
white again I don't even know who put
that poster up I don't even know who
took this picture I it might be the same
black guy who was going around em and
then putting pamphlets in mail boxes I
have no idea it could also just be
someone who knew who just knew that the
social justice warrior is the
politically correct left that campus
crazies would take the bait and go
absolutely nuts like they did and not
just some student coops or even some
Nutty Professor the president of the
University of Alberta himself here is an
actual statement called updated
statement on racist Halloween pumpkin ,
unauthorized posters unquote and don't
make me get into the whole racist
pumpkin thing
there's nothing I hate more than racist
pumpkins I am against racist pumpkins
they're so racist
and if that's bad enough if that's not
better the pumpkins I mean all of us
black white brown whatever surely we
could all agree that it's okay to be
orange and pumpkins don't have to be
racist about it but this university
president put everything less important
aside to put on a memo about racist
pumpkins and that poster that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
