why would an Uzbek a-- stand Migron be
brought to the united states in the
first place that's what I don't
understand it's a question that Donald
Trump himself asked in a tweet yesterday
he said the terrorists came into our
country through what is called the
diversity Visa Lottery program he Chuck
Schumer beauty I want merit-based so
Muslim terrorists from Uzbekistan was
deliberately brought to America in the
name of diversity he literally won the
lottery and 21 people in New York lost
the lottery didn't they murdered or
wounded why his citizenship so worthless
so meaningless then you literally give
it away randomly actually not randomly
you deliberately target people who have
no place in America look at the size got
that classic Islamist look the full
beard but no mustache that's the ISIS
look he was obviously useless to America
he was shiftless always with me around
okay drove an uber a bit but we don't
have all the information about him but
it will come out do you doubt that he
rung as much free stuff out of America
as he could do you doubt that he
promoted Islamic extremism as much as he
could and then he decided to murder and
he was in America deliberately as a
diversity immigrant yeah who else is
sick of educated culturally adaptable
immigrants say yeah let's find someone
from the crummiest countries in the
world with the crummiest backgrounds who
clearly hate everything America stands
for and then let's invite them in
because they are misfits that that's why
they were chosen I'm not making that up
that's really a thing and diversity
lottery for all the losers and misfits
and America haters who fail to meet the
standards for immigration on their own
merits they can get in it's pretty much
exactly Justin Trudeau's policy isn't it
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
