tell us about the two indictments to use
the American term one against Paul
Manafort who was briefly Trump's
campaign manager and the other against a
volunteer named Sam Papadopoulos if I'm
right tell me a little bit first of who
those people were in a nutshell and then
what the charges were because especially
with Paul man afford it actually has
nothing to do with Trump's campaign does
it no it doesn't and you know here's the
the two interesting takeaways if I could
if I could sum it up succinctly Ezra is
that the manna for indictment but with
the understanding that Muller Mahler's
mandate as you've as you've described
him is to investigate Russian
interference in the 2016 election and
any possibility that there was Trump
campaign collusion in it so that's what
that's the big frame of what Muller is
supposed to be doing so we have these
two cases as you say manna for who is
someone who's really been central to
Mahler's investigation from the
beginning is someone who we expected
charges to come down against so the
interesting thing with respect to him is
that the charges against him while
certainly serious as to him have
absolutely nothing to do with the 2016
election Russia or trot and then the
second case of George papadopolis that
case does have to do with collusion and
the interesting thing about that is that
if you read the special counsel Muller's
description of the offense that was
agreed to by him and Papadopoulos as
counsel when he got when he pled guilty
there's collusion collusion collusion on
every page it goes on for about fourteen
pages and they were talking about
setting up meetings potentially between
Trump and Putin and this guy's meeting
with someone at the Russian Foreign
Ministry and he's meeting other Russian
officials or at least making contact
with them so there's collusion pouring
like every
age what Muller has in plead guilty to
is one count of a full statement to an
FBI agent in an interview in other words
a process crime and what I would
underscore from that is something that
I've been trying to argue for over a
year now which is that collusion in its
in and of itself is not a crime you and
I are colluding by having this
conversation it's just concerted
activity no matter how sinister somebody
tries to make it sound prosecutors don't
care about collusion they care about
conspiracy and a conspiracy is an
agreement to violate a particular
criminal law and the problem with this
investigation from the get-go has been
that they don't have that and if they
don't seem to have any prospect of
getting it that is you know some
complicity in the Trump campaign with
Russia's actual cyber espionage this
hacking into into democratic servers in
fact Papadopoulos --is case seems to
point in the other direction
there's a description in there of how
the Russians tell him that they've got
these thousands and thousands of emails
of Hillary Clinton's that they hold out
the possibility of potentially sharing
with the with the Trump campaign we
don't know whether that's true or not
doesn't appear that there was any such
sharing that ever happened but to me the
important point is logically if the
Russians have to tell the Trump campaign
that they've come upon all of these
emails then that necessarily means the
Trump campaign didn't have anything to
do with the acquisition of the emails
which is where the crime would come in
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including
always two interviews a day and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
