many of you would have become familiar
with the justice for Chelsea campaign
Chelsea was a young mother of three who
was brutally attacked and raped in the
city of Sunderland her family and her
community were left on their own
fighting for justice you may have seen
my interview Chelsea it was an emotional
and disturbing interview after that
interview the British public supported
our cause in fact people from all over
the world supported our cause they
supported her fight for justice and the
campaign that we lit well over a hundred
thousand people signed a petition which
we hand delivered or hoc hand-delivered
to the police due to the public support
we also had a mass billboard in
something to cease enough to put
pressure on the council and on the
police for the campaign that we were
running we also with your support
managed to get Chelsea what she couldn't
which was a high end expert lawyer who
deals in sexual abuse cases now due to
your due to the public support and the
public finance we managed to hire Daniel
Burke
for this case now Daniel if you could
just run further explain we were here
I'm here for an update on the justice
for Chelsea campaign we've just long
trying to explain what we've been doing
what you've been doing yeah so after I
was had on Chelsea's behalf by rebel
media um I met with her and as I said at
the time was struck by really how
courageous she was following this awful
incident in in very regular contact with
her since then and we've been working
extensively on this case I immediately
hired a former senior police officer as
an investigator and we carried out our
own investigation which took numerous
witness statements we visited the scenes
and started to build our own profile of
the case we made an application to
review the original CPS decisions called
the victims rights review we submitted
that to the CPS in the northeast and we
asked that before they made
decision they look at some of the
evidence that we put together
unfortunately they didn't they made a
decision not to overturn the original
decision without reference to our
material so we appealed that and the
case was sent to London CPS for an
independent review together with our
evidence following that they again made
a decision not to overturn the original
decision and not to charge the suspects
with an offence there were actually six
men who originally arrested the police
made the decision not to charge five of
them the CPS made the decision not to
charge a single man with rape assault
occasioning actual bodily harm and
sexual assault
so we asked to see the evidence in the
case with us to see that before they
actually made the decisions not to
prosecute to overturn the original
decision not to prosecute after they've
made the decisions we were invited into
the CPS and the northeast went alone to
that I met with the police and I met
with the CPS they had no doubt the
police works hard on this case and they
had investigated it we felt the the
matters that we had investigated that
helped they hadn't looked at but they
were prepared to show me the evidence
they had and to answer questions and one
thing they did show me was the CCTV the
CCTV was actually quite uncomfortable
watching because in it it shows Chelsea
who appears to be very vulnerable
towards the end of the evening sitting
alone and the suspect the police confirm
he was the suspect appears to target her
he stares at her for a lengthy period of
time he seems to recognize that she's on
her own
without anybody there and he he appears
to single her out eventually following
her as she leaves the club he follows
behind her at the club so it is
unpleasant watching he did appear to be
predatory that perhaps is a sentiment of
the police in CBS share so for the CPS
to prosecute they'd have to be satisfied
that it's in the public interest to
prosecute which this would be and that
there's a reasonable prospect of
conviction because ultimately they would
have to go to court and secure a
conviction it would need to be proven
beyond reasonable doubt and the CPS
clearly felt that the evidence wasn't
there for them to reach that standard so
they formed the view they're not
prepared to support a public prosecution
against okay that's a public prosecution
when we talked about this in the very
early days we looked at last resort and
the last was all we were looking at was
a private prosecution where the weak We
the People the British public could fund
the primary prosecution and take the
case against the man ourselves yes there
is provision under UK law to bring the
private prosecution however if we were
to bring a private prosecution the Crown
Prosecution Service would have the
option to take it over and to
discontinue it when I met with the CPS I
was reminded that they have that power
so you can go full in and they can just
they can take it over and stop in
there's nothing that can be done about
that and Holmes has left the impression
thus what would happen okay I believe I
believe that I'll just our minds on this
have been made up for us anyway
on where where this goes from now on
because of where we're up to I've been
asked by Chelsea to read a statements on
on her behalf and I'm sure your movie
supporters will respect her position
after all she's been through
so she says as follows I want to thank
the people who are supporting my
campaign for justice every 100,000
people have supported me from all over
the world
but I'm truly humbled and grateful
thankful to Tommy Robinson a rebel media
for organizing the campaign and from
making my voice heard and to Daniel Burt
my lawyer fighting for me above all I
want to find the people of Sunderland
and my family and many friends who have
been with me every step of the way after
the hugs and smiles when I needed them
the most I suffered an awful sexual
attack and physical assault whilst the
external injuries have healed the
internal ones will remain with me for
life there is not a day which goes by
when I do not think of what happened to
me and I continue to have nightmares
it's been the kindness of family friends
and strangers which has carried me into
the earth I've been told the Crown
Prosecution Service will not overturn
their decision not to prosecute and
where there is an option to look at
alternative legal methods but these will
be long and could not guarantee justice
and I'm simply too exhausted and
emotionally drained to continue I never
intended to be a champion at the front
of a campaign really I just want to be a
mother to my three children the assaults
has left me feeling empty and depressed
and what I need to do is to recover my
health and spend my energy on my
children therefore after much
soul-searching I wish to end the justice
for Chelsea campaign I do ask that if
one good thing happens as a result of
this campaign it is this that people
look out for women who appear vulnerable
on night out even if the woman is a
stranger checks is okay you can get help
if needed let's all take care of each
other I ask that I'm no able to take the
time I need to recover and to be with my
family
sad sad and I also know that a lot of
people will be very frustrated but I can
say that the whole way through this any
concept I have a Chelsea she struggled
massively she was struggling the whole
way through this and I think that
there's no other option but to respect
Josie's wishes and that's where it's at
and and it and I know that it's gonna be
very hard for her to get on with any
sort of normal life from this hanging
over her but she's made this decision
there was many times along this room
when we spoke she wouldn't was pulling
out she was pulling out
only now because of the toll this would
be having on a young mother's life yeah
that's it the way our legal system works
is for a conviction
the jury's got to be sure certain that
somebody has done the offense which
they're accused of and that's a
extremely high standard and that's right
it stops innocent people sometimes go
into prison even if it means that
occasionally guilty people go free
so I've sat through many trials and I've
seen the stress it can place on the
strongest available really the strongest
of people and this is no doubt taken
enormous toll and I hope that everybody
respects her decision unless I get on
with her life
I do hope as she asks that some good
does come from this but we from a legal
point of view we need to draw this to a
conclusion and respect her wishes and
now I'll just personally say that then
no first of all I say thank you for
taking on the case thank you for
everything you've done
this campaign is at an end
it's not the ending we wanted I'd like
to say that I've been proud to be
involved in this case
and proud proud to be fine for justice
for Chelsea I've been proud so should
you
and a lots a personal message to Chelsea
Chelsea you've been an inspiration you
think so so much courage not just to
myself but people around the whole world
to women around the world and I hope
you've helped other women who have been
through a traumatic circumstances like
your own and to the public to the public
who helped to the public who supported
the public who shared the message so
public who donated to the public who
helped just to get a lawyer to the
public who helped anyway through this a
personal thank you to you because
without your help and support we
wouldn't been able to fight for justice
in any way so yeah a personal thank to
you it's not the campaigning we need it
but we'll continue to fight for justice
in circumstances like this
it's not the campaign we wanted but
we'll continue to fight for the course
we believe in and continue to get to
help the people who have been forgotten
