morning Wednesday morning is Wednesday
and Wednesday morning Wednesday morning
which means two days into our book
launch in Manchester which I'm still
waiting because the police is still in
talks I'm still seen and trying to
sabotage this which is doing we're not
in a bit but we're a to look at the
papers not for me to talk craft where
that so I'll be able to look at papers
do you like within the papers I'm mixed
value because it's just like look at the
front page of The Daily Star bearing in
my name people were murdered yesterday
by terrorists in New York from page
today's the day star Bake Off true out
on their soggy bottom really that's your
front page story bake-off and then no
doubt because of this the Muslim woman
who won bake-off will take over
she'll be the face of bake-off that's
what's coming but anyway we get for five
lines eight people were killed and many
injured after truck driving terrorists
modown cyclists and pedestrians on a New
York bike path yesterday the armed
suspect named as Seth Foley say puffs
reportedly shouted Allah Akbar
of course he fucking did everything but
why is it after everything one of these
attacks they automatically actually for
everyone to jump out saying oh no it's
not it's not definitely terrorism we all
know what it is it's a terrorist attack
by scumbag jihadi who shouldn't even be
in America from his back astana belief
we'll go into that later on our show
tonight but it's just never ending it
what about this bullshit about this
felon who's had to give an apology for
putting his hand on a girl's knee is
that where we're at are we digging up
stories from 2002 there a man put his
hand on a woman's knee what so what so
what if he plays down on the knee who
gives a shit boys what even is that
about so Julia Breuer the woman that
they're all acting like he sexually
assaulted has come out and said yay
Padma Hanuman
so uh so wha so what you know you sit
down and see yeah it's nothing it's
nothing putting your hand on the woman's
needs that sexual assault now is that
sexual assault when you're sitting
obviously clearly know each other
obviously talking fuck I sexually
assaulted
Lucy yesterday is that some review is
that where we're going with that get out
of it then Jesus this really wines milk
soliloquies killer this is why I'm so
against putting jihadi terrorist in
prisons okay kill him bullet in their
head get rid of them deport them there's
so many other options completely isolate
them in terrorist your honey jails where
they see no one see nothing don't see
anything they get their fruit through a
little hole in the door every day they
have their shower in their cell they
literally do not leave that room that's
how it should be for the jihadists
enemies of our country enemies of our
people they want to kill us instead we
give leave we'd be to kill life or
they've got a Playstation
he's probably got Jim he's probably got
work he's probably out of his self eight
hours a day he's probably walking around
and now we find out which we all knew he
would which we said at the time when
this happened when he was going to jail
we all said it he's in there
radicalizing people he's converting
people the weak and vulnerable in our
country in our society they're weak
they're vulnerable they're in prison
they've been wronged their whole life
they've had no opportunity no chance
this is the majority of the time we may
be criminals they may be murderers they
may be villains but the majority of the
time they've had a desperate life all
right
and now what we're doing is we handing
them on a plate for these men like my
quad Abelardo to radicalize to convert
they give them a meaning they give them
a cause they give them a target and
we're letting happen we're not just Lane
happen you're paying for it happen
pisses me off what was he even doing in
a bar he should have been killed you
should be executed there's no benefit to
our country having him alive
there's no benefit to anyone run over
that now we're onto that trick from
North Korea sorry ma'am and that North
Korea don't you he's got all this
artwork they've found the artwork where
he's telling this country they won
well cup of that is quite funny and he
got had to North Korea has made a
bizarre claim that his footballers have
won the World Cup
Kim Jong young his bunker state has also
live up within Olympic gold medals
another page brilliant brilliant if it
wasn't so scary that all these people in
this country are believing that he is he
invented the cheeseburger we've already
gone on that he invented the
cheeseburger sex offender who spent five
years on the run was found managing an
Indian restaurant yards from a police
station oh what a shock
za here Hussein of course have been
placed on the sex offender register
after an offense with a child in 2010 he
went missing from to address in
Birmingham in Essex her saying of
Matlock pleaded guilty to failing to
comply over sex offenders register
working in your local carry house that's
what he was doing he's now in jail for
10 years so now he's inside converting
and radicalizing more people that's what
he's doing as well because he won't get
a hard time now but how when you read
about leaving to be a killer how am I
not reading every date he's had his head
punched in how are we not read and he's
been battered how are we not reading
he's dead instead we read in that he's
got worship status all the prisoners are
worshiping him what's going on where's
all the Englishmen in prison all
converting to Islam work around a big
beard saying yes a key yes a key I've
been in there yes a key a key that means
brother and an Arabic cause Hank that's
all everyone says aqui aqui aqui aqui
fuckin fuck off a key papers pissed me
off David Beckham's daughter she's six
years old
Harper beautiful young little going
you've got loads of scumbags out on
Twitter calling her fat charity football
ball this is a good one so the local
police have said they're going to play
the local kids from the estate what
happens what you think happens
paramedics turn up after one of the
friendly contest between the cops and
the local youths when their local you've
broke the police officers legs in a
completely horrific off-the-ball tackle
and then it's all kicked off what things
can happen you make the police play the
local youths from the estate like what
you gonna do they're gonna be going in a
name because people don't like the
police
people that are the police because the
police ignore things to please
facilitate things the police want to
kick down everyone's doors over Twitter
and Facebook messages but let Muslim men
gang rape their kids in their state in
general if that was all if that was my
synopsis of the police right onto the
mail what we have in the mail labor
tried to cover up my rape uh how shocked
of my labor covering up right no way
it's not like labor didn't cover up a
generation and raping fucking about
thirty cities in our country every labor
politician and every labor counselor
just turn the blind eye one Muslim men
literally drove in their cars and picked
kids up from school from social services
from councils from everywhere so this is
not surprising and it I despised labor
just poisonous labor are everything
that's wrong and to know that a
generation of you for being hoodwinked
by that prick Corbin is so infuriating
so this labor girl this pretty young
lass Beck's Bailey she was told not to
complain she was raped she was attacked
at a labor of him when she was aged
nineteen but she was warned it would
damage her political career if she talks
sounds a lot labor just that that little
brief there that is your Labour Party
that and building mosques
that's them into two things giving away
land for like like Stoke counts all
councils across a country labour
councils don't they do they give away
then that cost like a million pound
valued at a million pound for property
they give it for a pound
it's no joke a pound to the Muslim
community it's happening in many cities
across the country
then the Muslim community build a big
mosque of course they do and then they
vote labor despised labor just pissing
me off I'm stressed out enough because
I've got that I know got the police
trying to sabotage my book launch and
now I have to read about labor rapes and
now I'm looking at Muslims or running
cars over jumping out with guns you
could do this every day though driver
twenty nine races down cycle path and
shouts Allahu Akbar course he does of
course it does but it's nothing to visit
on latest in a string of vehicle attacks
no its latest in a string of Muslim
attacks Muslim jihadi
lamech attacks not vehicle attacks damn
in dossier by an ominous accusers he's
an anonymous anonymous accusers let's
have a look at the anonymous accuser
so the accusations are all against Tory
MP Tory MP Tory MP Tory MP 2 MP 2 MP to
employ Tory MP Minister Tory MP Tory MP
2 MP Tory MP - I wonder who the
anonymous accusers are I wonder who's
done this you know it's labour again
it's labor labor trying to bring down
the Tory - rape accusations whilst
covering up great stories and
facilitating the rape of all of your
children across the country at the hands
of Muslim immigration Great British Bake
Off anyone who watches a great bitch
bake-off obviously millions people do is
run the peace programs but I don't for
this lady who's on it and they keep her
secret who wins it and she's in the
different time zone in a different
country and she's tweeted it out last
night and if I know who one feels like
oh god he got some scumbag tramps going
out robbing cars they run over a man
from the Navy and murder him in front of
his wife tracking down little scumbags
how much again for the car farm and
requital think it says absolute little
chaps then we have the Bank of England
Bank of England trying to push project
fear they try to scare us all about
brexit still yeah so the Bank of England
saying how bad things are but the World
Bank puts us above Germany and France
the World Bank the one that's not
politically motivated like I like this
Mark Carney when he first died now I
just think jog on mate
it's Canadian anyway we doing in charge
of the Bank of England the Bank of
England beliefs 85,000 jobs could leave
the City of London
unless millionaire bankers get good
bricks a deal ok leave if this
hysterical Westminster witch-hunt is
what a world run by women looks like
count me out now a world run by women
looks like Sweden that's what a well run
by women looks like it's where women
have to start dyeing their hair black
and covering their hair because they're
getting raped because it's a feminist
takeover
that's what well one where women looks
like Corbin's hero the man
who killed Britons in car industry this
absolute lunatic extremist unionist
is the man that yeah basically destroyed
car industry in the UK but you know if
you're 16 17 18 19 whatever age you are
you're voting for call them for some
reason is this Trump war gate no it's
not from war gates more boring crap
propaganda against Trump and you know
what says you know what when I look at
this they say now that Russia wanted to
help stop Hillary Clinton winning or if
they want to look it that way but
they'll say they wanted to help Trump
they just wanted to stop Hillary right
why wouldn't they she was about to go to
war with them Hillary Clinton wanted war
with Russia how many people here what
war was Rush I don't how many of the
American public want war with Russia
they don't want it Hillary Clinton and
wanted it she wanted it for all of her
financial backers they want war with
Russia
Trump steps in and stops it he doesn't
want more of Russia good good stop war
mongering stop invading country stop
bombing shit and that's Hillary Clinton
that's not Trump Trump's try to stop it
so is it surprised that if Russia were
trying to don't know if they were but if
they were so what so what this are just
just fucking furia you've got some 26
year old man just knocking out a 70 year
old man for no reason in a complete
unprovoked attack it gets four weeks in
prison you get four weeks in prison
okay Imams in prison if you feel for my
brother and all filling out for long he
gets four weeks in prison how is that
you will you walk up and punch a 70 year
old man you need a kick in a you deserve
a smack in the face but you can't get
four weeks in prison
he's just been years in prison and he
was and he was breaching a suspended
sentence I hold justice system just
infuriates are pedophiles they get
caution I'm pissed off again now I'm I
get breakfast nice talking to you if
you're watching this on YouTube is a day
late it's a day late because you have
them subscribe subscribed if you want to
subscribe you can do so at Tommy
Robinson comm /watch where you will
travel everywhere with me everywhere I
go for example my book launch I'm about
to do you'd be there because everything
will be shown and sent
you uploaded to you so you can watch it
I've owned that thanks for watching and
I'll see you tonight if you subscribe
and I'll see on the show just if you
haven't already subscribed you can do so
by going to Tony Robinson calm /watch
you'll get a great show but also you'll
help pay for our team I'll help pay for
the tire team and the places we want to
go and the news we want to bring you
thank you very much
you
