I'm reminded more and more that the UK
we learn about in Canada the UK of
Shakespeare in Chaucer and the UK of
Churchill and even fattier that that's a
historical you came and that is not the
UK today the 5p professionals that
daniel piper pipes always tells us about
the politicians the press the police the
prosecutors and the professors they have
completely switched sides from defending
Great Britain to apologizing excusing
and covering up the islamification of
the country of course there are some
wonderful Muslim liberals in this
country but as in Canada in the United
States they're outnumbered and in terms
of volume and influence they are drowned
out by the radicals there comes a
tipping point when the sheer volume of
Muslim voters is enough to sway any
election the Mayor of London Sadek can
isn't just a Muslim he's a Muslim who
was a lawyer for accused terrorists or
their sympathizers it you need only look
across the English Channel to France and
Holland in other countries to see where
this is much more progressed and that's
why I think the UK is so important it's
important that someone tell the story of
the UK for Brits themselves and Tommy
Robinson does that but I think it's
incredibly important for us in North
America and around the world to see
what's happening to the UK and to
realise that we're only a few years
behind in the cycle to see for example
that the UK literally has thousands of
police who are dedicated to wiping out
mean comments online you'll get a knock
on your door if you say something
untoward on Facebook or Twitter whereas
as I mentioned before 23,000 jihadis
walk the streets I see that trend taking
root in Canada - with mean tweet
policing and Human Rights Commission's
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day ink
always to interview today and I read my
hate mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
