can I Oh Mark Latham today I'm up and
Adam having a look at the Australian
greens and their desire to make us a
genderless society now you can tell a
lot about a political party by the
propaganda they willfully put out the
stuff they're proud of so have a look at
this from the webpage of the New South
Wales Greens
doesn't it tell you a lot I have a look
at them what a collection you see
Richard Dean entirely there the federal
leader of the Australian Greens and just
to his right how apt it is the person
with the pink hair and the painted face
that's Pennywise isn't it it's got to be
penny wise the Stephen King character
now quite famous in a movie that all the
young people are watching how
appropriate for the Australian Greens
they have an evil clown among them in
this propaganda or otherwise promoting
their campaign for gay marriage in
Australia and then further the right you
can see the New South Wales senator Lee
Rhiannon XCOM Lee Rhiannon adjust to the
right of her probably the most telling
aspect of the photograph is the woman
there perhaps a woman with the t-shirt
gender is over that says it all this is
their desire for a genderless society
now of course they're making inroads
with this they've wiped biological
science the Greens say oh you've got to
listen to climate science what how about
listening to biological science people
are born either male or female okay just
because a bloke puts on a dress it
doesn't make him a woman and even Tony
Abbott he's pulled his head in recently
I wish he was saying this is when he was
Prime Minister he'd still be there in
the lodge he is written just last month
a man is not a woman just because he
wants to be how true a man is not a
woman just because he wants to be well
we need to tell that in the Australian
Defence Forces where we're spending a
million dollars a year on sex change
operations transgender Trump had the
right idea to put in place the
transgender ban in the military and of
course in the school system a lot of
this is being gained by kids looking for
attention
maybe playing a prank the figures in
Victoria have come in so this year's
year 12 leaving exam in Victoria 51
students identified as gender X so
either the safe schools madness is
working down there the kids are confused
big number 51 gender X or theirs having
a bit of a prank gaming the system as
young people in the in the school
sometimes do in the census last year in
Australia we only had 1300 transgender
so well overwhelmingly for your average
Australian agenda is alive and well
gender is not over but we've got to be
wary of these greens if they've got
Pennywise on their side the an evil
clown you've got to keep an eye on these
characters they are truly demented I'm
mark Lakeland for revel Australia and if
you liked that video please share it
with your family and friends on social
media and please support our campaign to
fight against lawfare malicious legal
defamation suits to try and close down
rebel Australia and mark Latham's
outsiders please support us at stand
with Latham calm
you
