it's time to just say no it's time to
unleash the power of no because you get
these puny no bicep having social
justice warriors and they can't force us
to do anything we have to surrender to
them so we get this this never-ending
series of new rules did they make up out
of thin air that we're expected to abide
by which really is supposed to turn us
into nervous racks terrified that we're
gonna step on one of these little social
justice warrior land mines and violate
some hitherto unknown regulation or code
that they just made up it's obnoxious
and it's stupid okay so it's
substantively and procedurally wrong let
me talk about let me let me show you
what Moana substantively the idea that a
little girl can't pretend to be a
Hawaiian princess is just idiotic it is
not racist by any normal sense of the
term racist it's not insensitive and
even if it was it doesn't matter because
being insensitive is utterly meaningless
it is irrelevant I don't care if I'm
offensive it doesn't matter to me I have
a hat I may have spaghetti tonight and
I'm offensive all those things are
equally irrelevant to our discussion but
procedurally the reason behind this has
nothing to do with Moana the lily white
mayonnaise eating girls of Manhattan and
right for Cosmo are not exactly
deputized to enforce Hawaiians you know
defend Hawaiian culture from incursion
by eight-year-old children it is really
an attempt to take power from us by
constantly scolding us I call it the
dictatorship of a school too Terry it
and it's time to tell them no that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
lavance show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate
I'll just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
