amid the growing controversy of NFL
players taking a knee during the
national anthem
I kept watch over other sports
particularly baseball to see if any
major-league players would join in
fortunately this trend did not catch on
amongst the diverse mix of players that
make up MLB rosters with one exception
on September 23rd Oakland Athletics
catcher Bruce Maxwell became the first
and thus far only player to take a knee
during the national anthem and he did it
for the remainder of the season
Maxwell received support from his fan
base in the liberal Bay Area but was
subsequently booed fiercely by Texas
Rangers fans when he proceeded to kneel
during the anthem at globe Life Park
in Arlington now usually this wouldn't
be relevant news or even a story a month
later in the Oakland A's long since
completed another last-place season but
Maxwell's offseason has been full of
drama as well it began back in his
hometown of Huntsville Alabama where
Maxwell a friend and a local city
councilman were out for lunch at a
restaurant that's where Maxwell claims
he was denied service by a pro-trump
waiter who recognized him as the only
baseball player to take a knee Maxwell
went on to tell TMZ sports quote he was
like you're the guy who took the knee I
voted for Trump and I stand for
everything he stands for unquote on the
surface that seems like a very strange
thing for a waiter to say
and while the waiter in question Matt
Henry he went on to twelve Fox News
Maxwell was not being truthful quote he
is outright lying this is really
upsetting as he was given full service I
didn't even know who Bruce Maxwell was
Henry then continued this all started
because I carted his friend who wanted
to order a beer unquote Henry would go
on to explain to Fox News that Maxwell's
friend had an expired ID and later they
would go on to switch tables and be
served by another waiter this sounds so
similar to many other similar stories
where someone was supposedly
discriminated against in the Trump era
but it simply turned out to be another
hoax I don't know maybe Maxwell hope to
gain some publicity from his failed
attempt to bring kneeling to prominence
in major league baseball but that wasn't
it for Maxwell
drama this past week for him back in his
offseason home of Scottsdale Arizona
Maxwell was arrested just after 6
o'clock p.m. on October 28th for
allegedly pointing a gun at a female
delivery driver Maxwell was then charged
with aggravated of assault with a deadly
weapon and disorderly conduct abc15 in
Phoenix went on to report the police
noted a quote strong odor of
intoxicating liquor emanated from his
breath and Maxwell was speaking in an
elevated voice often yelling was
verbally aggressive using excessive
profanities and making anti police
statements unquote so how about that it
looks like the only major league
baseball player to take a knee may think
himself a champion but after that
interaction with the police it doesn't
seem like he's so noble
does he and that's well sure scenes have
a lot in common with his NFL compatriots
what with taking a knee during the
anthem and getting arrested in the
offseason and his anti police statement
seems somewhat similar to Seattle
Seahawks player Michael Bennett when he
made some about the Las Vegas police
in August so all of this truly makes me
wonder these athletes are truly trying
to protest injustice and racial
discrimination by the police or simply
80 police at heart for the reveled media
I'm Christopher Wilson thanks a lot for
watching you know we got an exciting new
fall lineup and special pricing until
the end of the month only a couple days
left to get in on that you want to find
out more go to the rebel media slash
shows
you
