I'm Christine Tate and here are three
stories you probably didn't see in the
mainstream media this week turn on your
TV or browse social media and you're
bound to see insults against President
Donald Trump but often these insults
veer into straight threats this week on
Twitter a call to the Sasson a Trump
received 200,000 likes and nearly 85,000
retweets in just a couple hours the guy
who posted the tweet called for John
Hinckley jr. the man who tried to
assassinate President Reagan to take out
Trump now make no mistake calls for
violence against Trump are pretty
rampant on Twitter but the fact that
this tweet got so many retweets and
lights in such a short amount of time
suggests a pretty terrified mindset
among those on the Left now you may
think this is just crazies on Twitter
but the fact is calls for inciting
violence are happening among plenty of a
listers and important people take
Madonna she said earlier this year that
she fantasizes about blowing up the
White House
how about Kathy Griffin who held up
Trump's decapitated head for the sake of
art how about Snoop Dogg in one of his
music videos he showed himself shooting
the president in the head and when it
comes to this constant flow of threats
the media doesn't care the selective
outrage is deafening left-wing statue
toddlers started by targeting
Confederate monuments but it was only a
matter of time before they targeted
other celebrated historical figures - an
indigenous student group at the
University of wisconsin-madison held a
die-in to protest a statue of President
Abraham Lincoln the activists are
demanding that the statue be taken away
and now they're also demanding that if
it's not taken away a disclaimer be put
saying that Lincoln was complicit in the
murder of Native Americans now Lincoln
is typically considered our nation's
greatest president because you know he
abolished slavery and kept our nation
together during its darkest hour so why
are these protesters so angry well
according to the group their biggest
issue is that Lincoln ordered the
execution of native men one protester
told the school paper that the group
additionally wants everyone to know that
Lincoln himself was a slave owner
fact-check for this protester Lincoln
never owned slaves that claim is false
he grew up in poverty and never owned a
slave in his life this is a basic fact
but most Americans should learn before
they graduate high school let alone
before they get to college hmm this is
basic stuff we're talking about it's
dangerous to judge the actions of
historical figures like Lincoln without
a basic understanding of the
circumstances of their time but this is
generally what has fueled this statue
removal movement historical figures like
Lincoln and George Washington and Thomas
Jefferson are dehumanized their actions
are seen in a vacuum
they're being judged by the standards of
modern day progresses now for now the
university has said that it has no
intention of moving Lincoln anywhere
let's hope they don't budge caving to
the demands of activists who have no
basic understanding of history and its
nuances leads us down a very dangerous
path
thousands of trumping Lefty's Flint come
together on the anniversary of his
election to have a group temper tantrum
as they quote scream helplessly into the
sky yes this is real news it seems that
the rage is so strong among many
snowflakes Facebook pages for these
events have popped up in cities around
the country from LA to Boston to Dallas
now hilariously men
these loom box going to these events are
taking their night of cleaning very
seriously telling reporters that this is
their way of converting a feeling of
hopelessness into action right that
makes a whole lot of sense well bottom
line this is what happens when you get a
big for people who are fully controlled
by their emotions but guess what working
Americans in the middle America they're
fed up with this nonsense
in fact it's this exact kind of behavior
from self pitying perpetually enraged
wrongs it's gonna make it easier for
Donald Trump to win a second term many
on the Left still will not accept that
Donald Trump has been president a year
after the election and instead of having
a productive national dialogue about how
we can better the country together many
progressives are only interested in
resisting Trump and blocking progress
just look at Congress the Democrats have
become the party of no they have no
interest in working for the American
people
look I certainly did not like Obama but
I accepted the fact that he was my
president you didn't see libertarians or
conservatives rioting destroying
property and collectively screaming at
the sky to protest Obama but you know at
the end of the day you just gotta laugh
at these morons
well these left-wing Lou's scream their
brains out on November 8th the rest of
us will be getting a good night's sleep
in our beds so you can get up in the
morning and go to work I'm Kristin tape
and this is the buzz
you
