houses for an ID in order to save the
planet let's shrink the human race
so there's this new Matt Damon movie
coming out in December called downsizing
and no downsizing is not a Harvey
Weinstein but he'll pick actually
downsizing is all about shrinkage you
know what shrinkage is right oh my god
actually no not that kind of shrinkage
in a nutshell downsizing takes place in
the near future in which environmentally
conscious scientists have developed a
process that will permanently shrink
humans to just five inches in height
this will supposedly reduce mankind's
carbon footprint and make people richer
as well here check out the trailer the
cause of all the catastrophes we are
seeing today is overpopulation we're
proud to unveil the only practical
remedy to humanity's greatest problem
are you ready
doctor yes I'm ready
Wow that is wild in this it's just wild
now I imagine downsizing will be played
for laughs despite the annoying we need
to save the planet narrative yet goofy
sci-fi flicks aside this idea of
shrinking the human race is actually
being pursued by at least one academic a
few years ago New York University
professor Matthew Lao proposed that we
should somehow genetically engineer
humans to be 15 centimeters shorter
doing so would help fight you guessed it
climate change as dr. Lao noted by
making people shorter and by eliminating
about 1/4 of our body mass this would
reduce our current demand for food water
and other resources and I really love
this part a reduction in height would
also make driving obsolete since no one
could reach the pedals but wait a minute
if we're all gonna get smaller getting
from point A to point B would be more of
a challenge right I mean wouldn't there
actually be more of a need for cars
albeit smaller car so we can indeed
reach the pedals well but the good
professor he's not quite done with his
whiz-bang version of weird science yet
once we've all been downsized dr.
Frankenstein our I mean dr. Lao says we
should then be given injections in order
to make us allergic to meat not having
to raise cattle swine and so on would
also help reduce our collective carbon
footprint no really I'm not making this
up
now I haven't seen downsizing yet so I
don't know if the movie is going to
address the downside of downsizing which
is to say does anyone remember the 1957
sci-fi classic The Incredible Shrinking
man yeah how do you like the idea of
being 5 inches tall now so my apologies
in advance to the increasingly insane
green movement but if reducing my carbon
footprint means surrendering my rightful
place at the top of the food chain
becoming a vegan and getting rid of my
car forget it I'm remaining as a 6-foot
carnivore with the pedal to the metal
besides as George Costanza graphically
proved it was some 20 years ago
shrinkage has seldom a good thing for
the rebel dawn media I'm David the men's
Hyde Menzies hey folks the rebel has an
all-new fall lineup please visit the
rebel dot media slash shows and check it
out
you
