in a move that's shamefully becoming all
too common in North American cities
Mayor John Iverson and his cheerleaders
on city council have slated Edmonton to
become the next city to welcome
international law breakers with open
arms but did anybody bother to ask
Edmond tawny ins what they think between
Calgary and Edmonton city halls there
sure is a big fight over who can
outshine the other as the most poorly
managed municipality in the entire
province Calgary wants to blow 5.2
billion taxpayer dollars we don't have
in the worst economy in a generation on
a 2026 Winter Olympic Games bond here
come the Socialists in Edmonton to say
hold my chardonnay
Edmonton will officially become Canada's
next sanctuary city whether Edmonton
Ian's like it or not and all of this
happened without any input from the
long-suffering Edmonton taxpayers who
will foot the bill for the inevitable
mess this will all cause Edmonton City
Hall is operating 14 million dollars in
the red this year alone any sensible
Albertan would have shown some amount of
concern and restraint about all of this
but none was to be had by Edmonton's
Mayor John Iverson you see does your
street look like the face of the Moon
potholed hellscape that knocks your
hubcaps off your car and your earrings
clear out of your ears well don't bother
calling City Hall they have other
priorities and they aren't you instead
their top concern right now to ensure
illegal migrants are able to access
taxpayer-funded perks the things
Edmonton taxpayers are working hard to
fund ten of 13 councilors including the
mayor want to make sure people breaking
the law to be in our country feel as
comfortable cozy and welcome as possible
here to hell with the deficit
to hell with vulnerable Canadians
already in Edmonton City Council has to
have virtues to signal and nothing is
going to get in their way
right here the new policy recognizes
that those with precarious immigration
status may be reluctant to obtain
services such as transit or recreation
passes or interact with by law officers
out of fear of deportation now there's
been a lot of coverage and spin by the
mainstream media on both legal and
illegal immigrants lately and I want to
be abundantly clear who we're talking
about here and who this policy is aimed
at helping even those who are crossing
the border illegally in Ontario and
Quebec from the United States for the
most part are presenting themselves to
government officials as they do their
documented sort of and given hotel rooms
education and top-of-the-line health
care it's pretty safe to say these folks
are not missing out on government
services and that is the main argument
counsel has for making Alberta's capital
a lawless sanctuary city instead who
Edmonton City Council is trying to cater
to are those who not only skip the line
and cross the border illegally but those
who then made sure to avoid the
authorities at all costs it is exactly
these people who are the least deserving
of our sympathy our help and our tax
dollars spoiler alert there's a reason
these folks are not presenting
themselves to the government one reason
might be because they already know they
will never qualify for refugee status in
Canada I'm not even going to mention the
more nefarious reasons for avoiding
international law enforcement I'm sure
you get the picture at home
now as I film this video there are 11
thousand homeless Albertans in Edmonton
11,000 social justice warriors are just
so darn fickle when it comes to
prioritizing who they really want to
help and it's really not the homeless
people in Alberta and 50% of Edmonton's
homeless population our First Nations I
suppose it's just easier for mayor Don
Iverson to sweep his disastrous record
on homelessness under the rug in
Edmonton
and distract us and focused the
spotlight on the latest progressive
trend but count on Iverson to always
acknowledge how he's on traditional
First Nations territory at the beginning
of every event or press conference while
simultaneously forgetting that there are
thousands of First Nations people
sleeping in parks in his city and when I
say that Edmonton's needy are going to
get left in the dust with this new
sanctuary city policy I'm not even close
to exaggerating and we don't have to
look very hard in Canada for some hard
proof Canada has at least two other
major sanctuary cities Toronto and more
recently as of about 18 months ago
Montreal went the same way at the urging
of their mayor at the time Denis Coderre
who was a liberal immigration minister
in a former life because of course he
was now let's look at Toronto first last
winter Toronto's homeless shelters were
94% full all of the time why well right
here wave of asylum seekers floods
Toronto's shelters thousands of migrants
who entered Canada through Manitoba and
Quebec are gravitating to the country's
largest city straining the emergency
housing system yeah
migrants go to the sanctuary cities they
didn't head to Winnipeg for a reason and
look at this graph the number of asylum
seekers using Toronto shelters are now
set to not just overtake but drastically
dwarfed non asylum shelter users
homeless shelters will be refugee camps
going forward Toronto is now building
these for tarp structures to house the
homeless both refugee and otherwise at a
cost of 2.5 million dollars each a total
of 10 million taxpayer dollars in
construction costs alone to house and
feed up to another 400 people and in
Montreal one homeless shelter saw their
food bank usage jump from about 1,000
migrant users to 5,200 migrant users in
one year alone and who could forget how
after the shelter's became full munch
Olympic Stadium was then used as a
makeshift refugee camp and the feds they
make promises of helping these cities
deal with the open borders mess that
Trudeau has created but they never
really deliver anything more than a mere
pittance and really there's only one
taxpayer anyway and that's you it's all
your problem no matter what level of
government pays the bill and about
Montreal when polled Montreal arrggh
disagreed with Montreal City Council
unbecoming a sanctuary City just look at
this here the survey also suggests that
only 36 percent of respondents favorite
decision by City Council to designate
Montreal a sanctuary City for illegal
immigrants while 41 percent opposed the
idea nearly one in four respondents just
23 percent were undecided on the issue
no look Alberta loves immigrants no one
is saying otherwise
but these people they're not immigrants
they are queue jumpers at best what we
can't stand our lawbreakers especially
when attention-seeking City Council's
decide that these lawbreakers Trump
desperate Canadians
and our legal immigrants there's a long
line up for affordable shelter in the
city and the mayor and council have gone
ahead and now kicked 11,000 people to
the back of the line for what a headline
that makes them feel better about
themselves while they waste other
people's money well guess what winter is
already here and soon 11,000 people are
going to be freezing but it's alright
because Edmonton City Council well they
feel warm and fuzzy inside if you think
this blatant disregard for the homeless
population in Edmonton is as
unacceptable as I do I've started a
petition at uphold the law dot C a and
I'd like you to sign it it demands that
the mayor and council do not spend a
dime on criminals until there is not a
single homeless Alberta non Edmonton
Street you can be the difference here
let's get 11,000 signatures
one for every homeless person under
Mayor Don Iverson's watch and we'll
deliver this petition to his doorstep
again that's at uphold the law dot ta
and I want to do something else
something the left-wing cesspit of
Edmonton City Council just refuses to do
I want to find out what Edmond Tony ins
actually think about their mayor and
council making their home a sanctuary
for lawbreakers at the expense of the
law-abiding I want a commission an
opinion poll done by a reputable
pollster with a very clear question
about turning Edmonton into a haven for
people who broke the laws of Canada to
be here I predict there is a reason
Edmonton's council didn't bother to ask
the people and that's because council
knows the majority of residents will
reject their plan just like in Montreal
one of the most left-leaning cities in
the country if not all of North America
but these polls cost about two thousand
bucks it's not cheap to give people
their chance to give their opinion but I
think Edmond Tony ins deserve it can you
help me cover the cost to finally give
Edmond Tony ins their say if you can you
can pitch in and uphold the law dot CA
help me send a message to Edmonton City
Council that Edmond Tony ins believe in
the law for the rebel media I'm Sheila
Gunn read to sign my petition calling on
Don Iverson to not spend a single
taxpayer penny on illegal migrants while
there are still 11 thousand homeless
Albertans on Edmonton streets go to
uphold the law CA and while you're there
if you want to help cover the cost to
Commission an opinion poll to give
Edmond Tony ins a chance to express
their thoughts on the sanctuary city
policy you can do that too
@ uphold the law CA
you
