get a on mark Latham and just when you
thought Australian politics couldn't get
any worse its descended into absolute
chaos a plague on both their houses
labor and liberal well if you have a
look at these headlines that we've seen
in Australia over the last couple of
days it's evidence that Australian
politics has turned to farce you have
got the office of an Employment Minister
Mackay Leah cash that has tipped off the
media about a police raid on the offices
of the Australian workers union looking
at the misuse of funding by that Union
headed up at the time by Bill Shorten
now the alternative Prime Minister the
leader of the Opposition by tipping off
the media of course Cash's office has
potentially compromised the entire
investigation and certainly in the
public arena it looks like this hopeless
Turnbull government that couldn't run a
chook raffle has let Bill Shorten off
the hook well coming from a Labour Party
background I think it's important just
to explain some of the background this
shortened scandal needs some scrutiny
and some explanation you see inside the
Australian Labor Party political power
is exercised by the unions if you've got
the Union numbers of party conferences
and in priests elections well pretty
well you can run the entire Labour Party
so a lot of these guys are wanting to be
powerful people end up wearing two hats
and having a conflict of interest in
2006 Bill Shorten was wearing two hats
the first was as a senior right-wing
factional leader in the Victorian Labor
Party so inside the Labour Party this
guy's running the right-wing faction
exercising a lot of power relying on the
Union numbers and his second hat was to
actually run the Australian workers
union a very powerful trade union with
access to lots of resources mainly from
the membership fees of its
long-suffering members so shortens
wearing the two hats and he set up for
himself a conflict of interest as the
head of the Australian workers union
gave $100,000 to a new outfit setting up
called get up
and we know all about them in the
decades since he was doing this to try
and get himself some brownie points
wearing the other hat as a Labour Party
factional chief so why would shorten
give $100,000 to get up misusing that
money well he did it to try and further
his career inside the Labour Party but
he also did it at the expense of the
union members had paid their fees
contributed the money it was their
hundred thousand dollars they weren't
consulted short and gave it to get up
and what it get up do with the money
well they've campaigned for over a
decade now on to and very important
issues actually hurting the interests of
the members of the Australian workers
union get up as campaign to win mining
in Australia particularly coal mining in
Queensland lots of awu jobs lots of
Union jobs will be lost because of that
get up campaign and the second thing
they've done is campaign for open
borders and big Australian migration so
again Australian workers union members
the workers themselves would be losing
their jobs because of the migrant
workers coming in and taking them so
shorten hand that over $100,000 to an
organization to hurt the employment
security and job opportunities of his
members so if you all remember the
Australian workers union you've been
ripped off blind out of this process
you've had your fees your money sent
over to get up who had nothing to do
with the Union and the hundred thousand
dollars has been used to do you out of a
mining job and doing you out of a job as
the migrant workers come in and flood
the labour market
this is the misuse of money I think it's
theft I think it shortened was involved
in an act of theft in taking the money
for a purpose that wasn't in the
interest of his union members now the
investigation by the Australian Federal
Police is to see whether or not there
was proper executive union authorization
of this and was it properly recorded
within the Australian workers union well
that's an important issue but we've also
got a look at how the money was used
against the interests of shortens
members so he had a shocking conflict of
interest and we know the Union funds are
misused on a regular basis remember
Craig Thompson remember
this guy from the health services union
he took the money of the members and
spent it on the high life including
prostitutes
and he was convicted in the courts of
theft well I think to some extent what
shorten has done is wrong because he's
misused the money spent it on a purpose
that wasn't about the best interests of
the members but beyond that the members
have lost jobs and they've funded this
far left extreme radical outfit called
get up to take their jobs off them so
short is actually in issues the money we
get to see if it had proper
authorization inside the Union that's
what the police inquiry is about but we
do know that get up use the hundred
thousand dollars factor we heard the
members that shorten was supposed to
represent well what a ripoff what a
shocker so that from a Labour Party
perspective my particular political
background is the story of what shorten
has done here and we shouldn't allow
this pathetic terminal government and
Mackay Lea cash in the office there and
and and all their shockers to distract
attention from the main game here and
that is shortens responsibilities to
give a thorough explanation as to what
happened inside the Union and I think
you'll find any excuse for using a
hundred thousand dollars of his members
money to actively hurt those members
it's an absolute disgrace I Mark Latham
for revel Australia and if you like that
video please share it with all your
family and friends on social media and
don't forget our all-important campaign
stand with Latham comma fighting back
against law fair this malicious
defamation suit trying to close down
rebel Australia and mark Latham's
outsiders
stand with Latham calm
you
