another neocon rhino bites the dust'
Jeff Flake out of the US Senate race in
Arizona I'm gonna tell you why this is
all happening I'm like a kid on
Christmas morning today okay Jeff Flake
to me is one of the most insufferable
people ever to hold office the guy
praised Obama's Cuba policy the guy
praised the Iran deal he was behind it
he loves illegal immigration he's behind
sanctuary cities yet he goes out there
and lies to Americans faces calling
himself a principled conservative a
Republican conservative good riddance
Jeff Flake we need less like you in
elected office now this phenomenon
started back in early September when
Charlie dent Representative Charlie dent
of Pennsylvania's 15 congressional
district saw the writing on the wall
knew he couldn't win his primary because
he was a solid establishment Paul Ryan s
guy and decided to drop out
luckily the front-runner there is a guy
named Scott you linger former naval
commander former CIA station chief not a
politician in Arizona Kelly Ward was up
over Jeff Flake about 25 points a year
out from election day that's a cause
flake to drop out dr. Kelly Ward a
physician not a politician bob Corker
out in tennessee you can bet your bottom
dollar it's going to be a private-sector
person with real-world experience that
gains traction they're not an
establishment career politician Luthor's
strange out in Alabama's race judge Roy
Moore real-world practical experience
one that won and the list goes on
Americans are fed up see as much as
Steve Bannon my friend Sebastian Gorka
even president Trump go out there and
campaign for these insurgent candidates
there are only a small part of why these
insurgents are winning Americans are the
reason they're winning brush traded fed
up Americans people who have been
treated abysmally by establishment
politicians I worked inside the
political process for many years before
I became a media guy
I can tell you something I saw it
firsthand and it sickened me politicians
establishment politicians and those
elite groups from both sides of the
aisle think you're a moron if you're not
inside the process
the political process if you don't work
inside the process you're an idiot you
don't know what's going on they know
better and when they want your opinion
they'll give it to you and that's how
they treat us but we woke up Donald
Trump became the voice for the silent
majority and he woke us up and that's
what's causing these rhinos these
neocons these fake conservatives to drop
out it's not so much the endorsements of
Dan and rig worker President Trump
those carry a lot of weight they
certainly do but it's the frustration of
the base it's finally reached a tipping
point it's finally boiled over they're
sick of being told and being sold the
same stale rhetoric over and over again
then losing and watching the
establishment politicians shake hands
and hug their far-left colleagues who
always seem to win the Democrats always
seem to win because they're vicious
they're ruthless and they go for theirs
while the Republicans sat back and said
okay okay we're gonna compromise what
you don't have to compromise with us but
we're gonna compromise with you
Democrats Nancy Pelosi you can get
whatever you want while Paul Ryan sits
there with that dumb smug look on his
face and gets treated like a doormat by
the Democrats we're sick of it we're
over it anecdotally I knew Trump was
gonna win I jumped on with Trump and in
mid-2015 but I knew he was gonna win
when my friends in the NYPD were driving
by construction sites in New York City
and they knew I supported him I was
vocal on-air and they said things to me
like man every hardhat has a Trump
sticker and I'd be like come on and they
say no we're not exaggerating every
single hardhat has a Trump sticker and
let me tell you something when the
working people are behind you when the
people who are the foundation of America
are enthusiastic about your candidacy
and they want you as their president
you're gonna win the presidency you're
not stopping that now the establishment
politicians think a guy who's a
carpenter or a police officer
firefighter idiot so sure they placate
them and give them lip service and fake
praise but they think they're idiots
because they're not inside the process
but these people are very smart they
understand their 401ks they understand
the taxes they pay they see what's
coming out of their paycheck for
entitlement programs and then they see a
guy like Donald Trump come around and
say some very simple things and I've
long said dulling in politics is about
three things
money family safety your family is gonna
live better you're gonna have more money
in your paycheck and you and your family
and your friends are gonna be safe
whether it be local crime or a terrorist
incident and Donald Trump hit every one
of those three notes masterfully he told
Americans I care that you go to work and
work hard every day I want more money in
your paycheck I care about your families
I want them to live better I don't want
you to die in a terrorist attack and I
don't want your wife mugged and raped on
her way home from work and I'm actually
gonna put real-world solutions in place
to help achieve those things and he did
he's doing it he's praised for police
officers his outstanding economic
policies and that's another reason
Americans it's another reason Americans
especially hardworking Americans love
the president and are now gravitating
toward candidates like him and rejecting
the establishment let's look at some of
the of trumps financial successes I mean
even in August in New York Times had to
be grudgingly right a headline the
markets are up unemployment is down now
of course they had the caveat that with
how much credit should Trump get well
all of it cuz Obama was an abysmal
failure Trump defeated Isis in nine
months Raqqa Isis's capital in Syria
fell last week
you're not seeing much about them in the
mainstream media Trump's policies work
because they're practical real-world
policies and much of the American voting
base is a practical real-world person
they are practical people who live and
exist in the real world struggling to
pay their bills and give their families
the best lives possible and they
fundamentally believe Donald Trump and
his ideology can do that and that's why
they want candidates like him just last
week exactly a week ago today the Dow
rose a hundred and sixty points to close
at twenty-three thousand for the first
time ever an IBM had its best day since
2009 that is 100% because of the
confidence Donald Trump gives the
institutional and consumer markets they
believe things are going to get better
and that's all Americans needed was hope
they also love that Donald Trump fights
back because for eight years they had to
sit by silently while guys like John
Boehner and Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell were like I said doormats for
the progressives so when
from tweets bob Corker who helped
president oh give us the bad iran deal
and couldn't get elected dog catcher in
tennessee is now fighting tax cuts
americans are infuriated because it's
true guys like bob Corker john mccain
and now jeff flake will put petty
grievances before what's best for
americans and they are most certainly
going to fight the president's tax cut
plan now we saw john mccain do this with
obamacare he put his petty grievances
with trump above what was best for the
health care of three hundred plus
million americans and it appears it
appears they're doing it again they're
once again
hooding there are petty differences with
the president in front of what's best
for us and it looks it sure looks like
corker McCain and flake will fight tax
reform and that will be an absolute
travesty and one other thing that will
do it will absolutely ensure that would
be the establishment Republicans are
done it will kill the GOP establishment
it will be the last straw
for most Americans and part of me I mean
I want tax reform more than anybody I
really do
a part of me almost hopes they try to
block it and are unsuccessful because if
they do they're going to solidify what
Americans feel about them and you see
I'm thumbing through I'm trying to find
another tweet from Donald Trump that was
just perfect
he wrote yeah here it is the reason
flake and corker dropped out of the
Senate race is very simple they had zero
chance of being elected now act so hurt
and wounded he's 100% right
they've screwed Americans for decades
and now they're playing the victim and
that is precisely what Americans are
rejecting if you like this content as
much as I clearly enjoy bringing it to
you especially content like this please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org onna want to see it the
bastion Gorka is gonna be joining me to
discuss the iranian one scandal and why
these candidates are gonna continue
these establishment candidates are gonna
continue to drop out Kunene tomorrow
thanks for watching
you
