the one thing and it might be just one
thing I like about Jimmy Kimmel's
late-night show is the I ate all your
candy Halloween prank that runs every
November but alas the fun police are up
in arms regarding this practical joke
the reason it might prove too traumatic
for kids
well for six years now Jimmy Kimmel has
invited viewers to send in home video
footage in which parents tell their kids
that mummy and daddy have eaten all
their Halloween candy the reaction of
the kids anger shock amazement hissy
fits it's priceless check out some of
last year's Oscar worthy performances
last night you're watching a movie and
we ate all of your candy you step up
look at it again
you know your Halloween candy I eat all
your Halloween candy
just joking no I ate it all of course
the kids are later told that all their
treats are safe and sound and fully
accounted for so a good time is had by
all right well not quite apparently in a
recent Washington Post column child
psychiatrist meg Van actor Berg believes
that this prank isn't so much a
practical joke about the temporary loss
of candy rather what these kids are
enduring is a quote sense of betrayal
that will linger long after their
parents own up to the joke end quote
amazing but the shrink continues noting
that the bonds kids have with their
parents are built on trust trust that
mum and dad would never do anything to
hurt them and it can feel like a
violation of that trust they hear that
mum and dad have stolen and eaten all of
their hard-won spoils the stuff they
went to bed dreaming about small kids
also have rigid moral codes stealing is
wrong people are either good or bad when
they hear that their parents have stolen
from them they may wonder does that make
my parents bad does this does it make me
bad trust me folks you don't want to
read the entire column doing so might
require you to personally book some
couch time with a psychiatrist in the
near future yourself indeed we all know
how the various social engineers are
diligently working towards creating a
sanitized for your protection
snowflake nation in which seldom is
heard a discouraging word but I think
when it comes to advocating a ban on
truly harmless pranks well then the one
of the architects of our bubble wrap
society have gone too far
look if we can't raise our kids without
resorting to the odd prank or two or
busting their chops every now and then
little wonder they will likely grow up
to be the sort of young adults on campus
who are triggered by the slightest and
dignities yeah I'm thinking of you trig
leap up as much as I'm trying not to
moving forward you want your kids to
develop a thick skin and be better
prepared for that sometimes traumatic
game of life trigger them early trigger
them often for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's lloyd Minzy hey folks
the rebel has an all-new fall lineup
please visit the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
