today on Mark Latham we now have the
left in Australia hate free speech they
use everything they can every tactic
they can find to try and close down the
other side of the debate they can't win
the arguments on their merits they use
the political correctness the censorship
the outrage industry and there's a
fourth tactic law fair I know all about
law fair because last week Osman Farooqi
this guy here Osman Farooqi started
legal action against me in the federal
court a lawsuit a defamation action to
try and close down my free speech and
even worse than that what he's trying to
do is to financially wreck mark Latham's
outsiders and revel Australia these guys
can't win the argument on their merits
their only tactic now there's law fair
he's brought in a big legal firm a
left-leaning labor law firm Morris
Blackburn the lawyer who sent me the
letters is this guy Josh Bornstein he's
a close personal associate of Julia
Gillard impeccable left-wing credentials
here he is Josh Bornstein and he's using
this law fair this lawsuit in the
federal court to try and wreckers now
we've got to stand up against this stuff
what's it all about
well Osman Farooqi is notorious for
denigrating white people for no other
reason than their white that's an
example of intolerance and the left
losing the plot denigrating people just
because of their skin colour and here's
some of the comments he's put out there
in the public arena
then on the 27th of July this year II
had a Twitter exchange with Yasmine
Abdul Majeed over there in London these
days and McGee was asking what's
happening with the green Senators Ludlum
and Waters who are rubbed out of the
Senate because of their dual citizenship
under the Australian Constitution here's
the tweet that Osman Farooqi replied
with the white people are getting Fu
cked as it's happening the white people
getting effed yes it's happening that's
what he's written now you know the
intolerance of this it's like I had to
work out imagine if you said it about
black people the black people are
getting effed it's happening that is
black people are getting wiped out of
the political system and this guy Osman
Farooqi is approving it for white people
you can tell the intolerance just by
putting the word black in there instead
of white it's absolutely outrage is
unacceptable in a country like ours
known internationally for its tolerance
where I stood up against this kind of
speech I stood up against it and
condemned it on my program Marc Latham's
outsider's please have a look it's a
minute long clip this is what I said in
response because there's one fundamental
truth anyone out there on the left of
politics in particular that's fermenting
hatred of white people
the rise of anti-white racism in
Australia and also those fermenting the
idea of an Islamic master race in
Australia by our aiding and abetting
Islamic terrorism they are giving
encouragement and succour to the
terrorist fanatics who want to kill
innocent people in this country so we
need to change for the better
the Australian political environment and
stamp out any suggestion of racism and
generating hatred towards white people
now there's an instance of this
earlier in the week a guy called Osman
Farooqi here's the tweet that he put out
he was referring to the circumstance for
in the Greens the two senators Ludlum
and waters had been rubbed out under the
Constitution and he's made Yasmin Abdul
Majeed we know who well was asking
what's going on and Osman replies the
white people are getting effed yes it's
happening he's talking about white
people in the Green Party now this guy
was a Green Party staffer he writes and
leads up the junk
website a left-wing website and that's
his attitude the white people are
getting effed yes it's happening
he's celebrating anti-white racism in
Australia and Abdul Majeed now in London
thankfully replies with a smart smart
aleck comment about going back to where
they came from now this type of anti
white racism is totally unacceptable now
that's what he's suing me over the
nuisance lawsuit designed to send us
broke here at mark Latham's our site is
to bankrupt us that's what it's all
about now why can't he debate the issues
I'd invite him under my program he can
answer all the questions he can have the
last word if he likes no that's not
their tactic that's using defamation
action going through the federal court
with law fair to try and rub out free
speech well I say to you please we've
got to stand up against this stuff we've
got a defense fund stand with Latham
calm there's the address on the bottom
of the screen stand with Latham calm
please go there and support our action
to fight back against this we've got to
stand up against it we've got to stand
up for free speech we're not going to be
bullied by this guy Farooqi thinks he
can get away with denigrating white
people not only that he can go a step
further and try and wipe out our
platform our alternative media here in
partnership with rebel media now we
haven't got tons of stuff we've got very
few stuff we haven't got a lawyer on
staff we've got to raise some money we
haven't got the billion-dollar budget of
the ABC or the unlimited resources of a
media magnate like Rupert Murdoch all
we've got is your support so I'm calling
for you to support it I don't
necessarily feel comfortable asking for
this financial support but it's
necessary to keep my faith UM's
Outsiders going stand with Latham calm
if you can give us five ten dollars or a
larger amount it all makes a difference
in saying we're going to stand up for
free speech we're not going to be
bullied we're not going to be
intimidated we're not going to be shut
down because of someone who can't argue
the facts he's got to use law fair
against this remember the 18c case at
Queensland University of Technology but
has poor innocent University students
who have been persecuted by the Human
Rights Commission and Gillian Triggs
well the guy who saved them in the court
is Ari Zahir our free speech is Tony
Morris
a Brisbane QC and I've been very
fortunate to be able to hire him for my
case hopefully can get the same result
that hiring lawyers going through the
federal court litigation fighting back
against this big law firm Bornstein at
Morris Blackburn fighting back against
this left-wing Muslim with very close
associates with the Greens and all the
left-wing fundraising activities like
get up this osman Farooqi well it's not
it's not inexpensive it's not cheap we
really do need your support please if
you can give us the backing for our
fighting fund
stand with Latham comm I think it's
going to make an important statement
about the future of free speech in
Australia we're not going to be cowed
we're not going to be beaten we're going
to stand up for our rights I really
value any support you can give us in
this very very important fight I'm Mark
Latham for REBOL Australia and if you
like this video please share it with all
your family friends everyone you're now
on social media tell them to support
stand with Latham com
we're not going to be bullied we can
beat these people we're not going to be
intimidated thanks for your support
you
