the US National Park Service almost
spent a hundred thousand bucks of
taxpayer money you honor the Black
Panther Party a group whose leaders
killed law enforcement officers and a
group that the FBI acknowledges wanted
to use violence and guerrilla tactics to
overthrow the US government yeah this is
true so late this past summer 2017 the
United States Park Service was about to
appropriate 97 thousand 999 dollars
you quote honor the legacy of the Black
Panther Party Marxist revolutionary
black separatists who use violence
against whites and against the United
States government this is absolutely
mind-blowing and guess where this little
experiment was going to be managed guess
where all of this honorarium money was
going to be sent and who was going to
determine the theme of the program yep
the University of California at Berkeley
Berkeley that shuts down the free speech
of conservatives Berkeley that has to
offer counseling sessions through its
snowflakes students if a conservative
dares come and try to speak their mind
trying to exercise their First Amendment
rights but let's read a little bit about
this program well it was quote committed
to truthfully honoring the legacy of
Black Panther Party activists and the
San Francisco Bay Area's members ago Bay
communities they served the project
seeks to document the lives of activists
and elders now we're going to talk about
some of those activists and elders one
of the most famous was uep Newton he
introduced a 10-point plan let me read
you two of my favorites from ueb newtons
10-point plan number three we want an
end to the robbery by the white man of
the black community but my all-time
favorite and I've been studying this
stuff for a while was number eight we
want all black men immediately released
from federal state county and city jails
and penitentiaries didn't matter if they
were guilty or not didn't matter if they
went out there and raped and killed and
robbed and stole and committed
fraud and committed assault nope he
wanted them released from prison and
jail simply because of the color of
their skin this was a black separatist
racist group that was Huey P Newton but
it doesn't stop with him let's talk
about another Black Panther Party elder
let's talk about a guy named H rap Brown
now H rap Brown changed his name after
he converted to Islam in prison I'm
gonna do a whole segment very soon on
prison convert to Islam it is terrifying
stuff a trap Brown changed his name to
Jamil Abdullah al-amin and guess where
he is now well he's sitting in a Georgia
prison for murdering a Fulton County
deputy in March of 2000 yep he's a cop
killer he's one of the elders one of the
activists at the National Park Service
was gonna spend a hundred thousand bucks
to honor is this not absolutely
sickening and this guy is spewing
conspiracy theories of his days claiming
he never killed a cop despite
overwhelming evidence witnesses
ballistic evidence forensic evidence
physical evidence no no no this is a
plot by the US government to make him a
political prisoner remember yesterday
cop killer Joanne Chesimard also claimed
to be a political prisoner and morons
like representative Maxine Waters are
playing into that narrative that's what
these people do they go out they kill
they'd love to kill police officers law
enforcement officers and then when they
have to pay their fines when they have
to pay their dues and do their time they
claim they were politically persecuted
because you should be able to kill a cop
you should be able to kill an innocent
if your skin is black and you're a black
separatist and never have to pay any
penalty you are a political prisoner who
is simply fighting against the system
this is nonsense these people need to
rot in jail they should be on death row
with no Appeals but hey we've got to
take what we get right now this isn't
new because in 2008 if you remember the
new Black Panther Party tried to
intimidate white voters in Philadelphia
they wore military-style dress and
carried sticks nightsticks Eric Holder's
Justice Department you would have
figured they'd have rushed in and
protected the rights of all voters right
and all they do is talk about how you
don't need voter ID and voting
should be unrestricted not Eric Holder's
Department of Justice dropped the case
against the new Black Panther Party but
see this all goes to Barack Obama's war
on police from nearly his first day on
the job if you remember going back to
July of 2009 when Barack Obama inserted
himself into a minor local police
situation in Cambridge Massachusetts
when his buddy skip gates Henry Louis
Gates Jr a Harvard professor was
mistakenly taken for a burglar a
trespasser at his home and arrested for
a minor offense by Burke by a Cambridge
police the dust-up was settled it was
squashed but the President of the United
States stepped in and said police acted
stupidly for doing their job for trying
to clarify the situation he was arrested
and it was a very very minor charge
Obama said quote I should say at the
outset that skip gates is a friend so I
may be a little biased here he should
never have gotten involved it was a
local policing issue wasn't for the
President of the United States but he
did and that set the tone or police hate
disrespect of law enforcement disrespect
of authority murders of police officers
in the rise of the violent domestic
terror black lives matter movement that
all points back to one guy Barack
Hussein Obama now luckily the Trump
administration stepped in and it looks
like they did so after a letter sent to
the president by the Fraternal Order of
Police the largest police return elorg
ization in the United States the letter
said let me read what the letter said
said mr. president as far as we are
concerned the only meaning they meaning
the Black Panther Party brought to any
lives was grief to the families and
victims and this was in reference to the
Black Panther Party now remember this
was the National Park Service that was
gonna fund this the Black Panther Party
was responsible for the murder of a
national park service ranger a guy named
Kenneth Patrick in San Francisco in 1973
he was shot and killed he was shot three
times by varan de Leon Curtis Bowers jr.
who's currently serving a life sentence
for the murder
National Park Service was gonna spend
$100,000 to honor a group a member of
which was responsible for killing a
National Park Service ranger but luckily
after the letter from the FOP went to
president Trump it was shut down just
today this morning at 5:00 a.m.
Washington free beacon published a story
that said the Park Service cancels
funding for project honoring the legacy
of the Black Panther Party and this is
absolutely outstanding it ends with
Jerry Barnum a spokesman for the
National Park Service confirming that
the project would not receive funding
from the agency this needs to stop we
need to we need to stop honoring
terrorists and cop killers we usher
doubt the Obama era we're in the Trump
era and hopefully all these holdovers
that these agencies are gonna be fired
and it's nonsense will be put to bed
once and for all I'm John Cardillo and
if you like this content as much as I
love bringing it to you please subscribe
to a premium service at
you
