I really enjoyed george w bush in
retirement he did painting he showed up
at Veterans Hospitals to greet soldiers
he just went away quietly which is I
think what voters want ex-presidents to
do but boy he came back guns blazing
against Trump didn't aim yeah he really
did and he launched this attack in the
wake of the Roy Moore victory in the
Alabama Republican primary which
heralded the coming of a new set of
challengers in the Republican primaries
toward the 2018 midterm elections for
the House and the Senate and Steve
Bannon who's chairman of executive
executive chairman of Breitbart news is
backing a slate of candidates that will
challenge the incumbent Republicans whom
he deems to be insufficiently supportive
of Donald Trump and the Republican
establishment is starting to get scared
so they are beginning to make speeches
in friendly venues
denouncing Trump denouncing ban and
denouncing the movement that brought
Trump to power or the movement that's
challenging establishment Republicans
who are in power and I think that
explains the timing of this speech know
the real head-scratcher here is why did
Bush stay silent for eight years of
Obama if he was really this concerned
about the country and as you pointed out
it is very odd now he has emerged from
the woodwork to criticize Trump and the
interesting thing about it well there's
two interesting things about the speech
one he lets the left off the hook he
describes the problems in American
democracy the threats to American
democracy as if they come almost
uniquely from Trump and the movement
that elected him and secondly he frames
his speeches of sort of call to national
unity but it's national unity against
Trump so it's not really national unity
it's really a call to arms for a
particular faction of the Republican
Party which likes to think that it's
acting in the national interest but you
know don't we all it's really pursuing
its own political agenda and somehow
george w bush whether through
personal conviction or more likely
persuasion of those around them has come
out and attacked Trump I see this all as
a rehearsal for some kind of a primary
challenge not in 2018 but in 2020 I
think the Republican establishment and
the never Trump faction are looking for
a candidate who they feel will be a
viable challenger to Donald Trump in
2020 they will never forgive him for
winning in 2016 even though he's done
much of what they would have wanted to
see any Republican president do they
won't forgive him for winning they won't
forgive him for doing some of the things
they don't want to see him do like
draining the swamp in Washington DC and
confronting some of the special
interests so that's what this is all
about
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
