oh come on really not sure one in an
opinion poll of who would be best Prime
Minister Andrew Neil just tweeted
something really shocking and I had to
check it was true so not sure just won a
poll for who would be better Prime
Minister out of Jeremy Corbyn lotteries
in May Prime Minister not sure would be
better than Corbin all May and I can't
say I disagree if I'm honest I had to
check to see if it was true but
amazingly not only is this true it's
been true for months months just look at
this map of the polls so Prime Minister
not sure was polling higher than both of
them both Corbin and May back in
November and December last year then
Chuy's a mage took over for a little bit
plummeted a bit and now we're here again
PM not sure has overtaken Theresa May
that's how bad she is I think the real
story here though is Corbin so look at
this line up until April last year he
was slowly declining he suddenly peaked
in June last year though if you remember
that's when the general election took
place so I think that's kind of what you
expect to happen during the 2017 general
election Corbin was seen more than ever
he was people were made to even think
about him as a potential prime minister
so we went up in the polls a bit because
people actually for once thought about
the guy and may took a beating and the
pair ended up pretty much neck-and-neck
in those polls and since then they've
remained at each other's necks not that
much of a difference occasionally
Labour's taken over in those polls in
these polls I'm actually in terms of who
will be best Prime Minister and not
would who would be the best party it's
Dave's kind of neck-and-neck
I don't think Corbin's had that much of
an advantage over me if you look at this
but I think the gap is widening now for
a couple of reasons so one nobody knows
Labour's policy or brexit do you know I
don't know they just use their
conference in Liverpool to try and
clarify the position but it's still as
confusing as ever and I've still got no
bloody
clue what the plan even is because
here's the thing some of Labour's
leadership are Pro brexit but secretly
some of Labour's leadership are Pro
remain openly but then a lot of Labour's
membership a pro remain but a lot of
neighbours membership are also pro
second referendum which includes an
option to remain in the European Union
but they're not the members but the
voters the people that just vote for the
Labour Party that Pro breaks it quite
openly they're the ones who voted the
52% who voted in the referendum they're
typically working-class labour
supporters and when you combine this
unholy mesh you think how can anyone
vote for a political party like this
that's in utter shambles and by the way
there's another one there there's the
some in the labour party who want a
second referendum but without the option
to stay or go back into the European
Union as Leon McCluskey is now saying so
look at that chaos and think who would
vote for this who would vote for this no
wonder Jeremy Corbyn is extremely
unpopular whenever asked about who would
be best Prime Minister no wonder not
sure one but then amazingly Theresa May
couldn't even beat not sure either as
she might be sort of riding off that
great speech she did the other day which
is maybe why she's beaten Corbin but you
know the speech I'm talking about when
she basically dug her heels in over
Bragg's it with the European leaders
which was pretty cool not good enough
but pretty cool keep at it to reason may
but maybe people are just assuming now
that I know deal is on the cards so
they're willing to give her the benefit
their doubt I think no deal is probably
on the cards now by the way that is
unless the plans proposed by Jacob Riis
MOG go through either way I think I'd be
happy but the real take-home here from
this story from these numbers and from
this story of Prime Minister not sure is
that neither of them are particularly
popular which is pretty amazing because
you know I can't help but think imagine
being so unpopular so bad at your job
that you have to fight your hardest to
become more popular than an anti-semitic
radical socialist hippie
if you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
