do you think that Nenshi will be humbled
by this he's often seen and I see him
this way as a petulant child he doesn't
handle criticism well he's snarky and
rude to anybody who questions him
they call him the purple King do you
think that he's going to see this what
what is really a threat to his
leadership do you think he's going to
take that and change his style or are we
just gonna see more of the reign of Neji
no he's been making the rounds being as
arrogant as ever maybe even more so I
mean this is a guy that won't back down
from anything this is a guy that called
Calgarians that didn't vote for him
racist that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
