hey guys this is Kristen Tate with rebel
buzz here are three things that happen
this week that you probably didn't hear
about in the mainstream media it's that
time of year again the leaves are
falling the air is getting nice and
crisp and the left is launching its
annual war on Halloween this week an
elementary school in Walpole
Massachusetts and now it's that it will
be canceling Halloween and replacing it
with wait for it orange and black spirit
day the school's principal also said in
an announcement that the annual
Halloween parade would be canceled
because it's quote not inclusive enough
many parents and students in the small
town have expressed disappointment in
this announcement this was something
that the kids in the town looked forward
to every year
of course this principal never specified
which students exactly the parade was
not inclusive to another great question
for this principal is it's black and
orange day isn't Halloween then what is
it
is this all just a big attempt to ban
the h-word the decision of this
elementary school is just the latest in
the last war on Halloween schools down
from the elementary level all the way up
to the college level are banning the
holiday altogether or prohibiting
certain offensive costumes at the
University of Texas students were given
pamphlets telling them which costumes to
avoid us to not culturally appropriate
anyone schools like Tufts University in
Boston are going a step further telling
students that campus police will
investigate anyone who is wearing a
seemingly offensive costume
where does the madness end it's gotten
to the point where we can't even enjoy a
fun carefree holiday Halloween is
supposed to be a day where we can all
kind of come together and poke fun at
each other and pretend to be someone
different for the night supposed to be
fun
what see it would start out as seemingly
well-intentioned measures to create more
inclusive spaces end up squashing fun
and the freedom of expression and
there's nothing more terrifying to me
than living in a world where we can't
even express ourselves without fear of
punishment don't you just love it when
Hollywood celebrities try to take away
your rights that's exactly what a
listers like Emma Stone Melissa McCarthy
and Sheryl Crow are doing in the
aftermath of the holistic Las Vegas
shooting which happened at a country
music concert in a new PSA funded by the
Michael Bloomberg group every town for
gun safety a bunch of Hollywood
celebrities came together to urge
Americans to reject the NRA and reject
gun safety with these clueless
celebrities fail to recognize however is
that their solutions would have done
nothing to prevent the shooting in Las
Vegas
the shooter Steven paddock had no
history of mental illness and no
criminal record so increased gun control
and background checks would have done
nothing to keep this guy from getting
ahold of the firearms that he used even
Dianne Feinstein the darling of the gun
control movement on the Left admitted
that increased gun control would not
have prevented Vegas but apparently
facts don't matter when it comes to
Hollywood and gun control what these
celebrities don't understand if that
increase in gun control only makes it
harder for law-abiding citizens to
purchase firearms for self-protection
criminals they don't follow us to begin
with they're more likely to get guns on
the black market
it's also worth mentioning how out of
touch these celebrities are with the
concerns of everyday
Americans these people have no idea what
it's like to worry that ms-13 gang
members who are in the country illegally
are affecting their neighborhoods they
don't know what it's like sitting in
their houses worrying that criminals
will break in and try to harm their
families bottom line the Second
Amendment allows everyday Americans to
protect themselves and their families
but hey he needs to worry about safety
when you're busy sipping a pi√±a colada
in your pool at your mansion surrounded
by a big security wall and armed guards
a new study by the foundation for
individual rights and education
revealed that overwhelmingly college
students reject the First Amendment it
found that the majority of students
don't think the First Amendment applies
to hate speech and support disinviting
speakers from campus if those speakers
don't align with their own views shocker
I know but it also reveals some alarming
statistics about the political climate
on campus it found that students who
identify as liberal are 19% more likely
to feel comfortable expressing
themselves on campus than those who
identify as conservative this is all
very disturbing but it also shouldn't
really come as a big surprise
colleges love to tout themselves as
being places where diversity flourishes
but it's clear that this diversity ends
with skin color colleges have little
interest in diversity in thought and I
know this from firsthand experience I
went to college at a liberal arts school
in Boston and as soon as I came out as a
knowing liberal I lost the support of
many of my friends and even some
professors but the bigger point here is
that the First Amendment should be
treasured by people on both sides of the
political aisle back in the day the left
was all about free speech in the 60s and
70s a social justice movement was born
pushing for equal rights for all
Americans and this movement was made
possible by the First Amendment but the
lab tests transfer
into something entirely different over
the last few decades instead of being
champions for free speech like they once
were
they now aim to squash all expression
that they don't agree with and that's a
dangerous path to go down
this is christen tape for rebel buzz
thanks for tuning in
