let's clear a few things up yeah
first of all that's bail so for the
Tommy Robinson show this is the
situation we're in
rebel UK if you're watching this give it
a share some people hear it so people
understand it I was asked January
Christmastime will I make videos for
rebel it took me three months before I
made a video so why it took me three
much more I made a video I was working
every day I was working every day I've
got free children and if you were kids
yeah you know what it's like I finished
but if I finish work I have football
training I have dance I have just missed
tonight I've missed my daughter's Brown
II promise tonight
mr. Brown II promise now but you annoy
me as it is I've missed that tonight and
the reason why I've missed that tonight
just saw briefly explained I've been
contacted and I've just come up an
interview just seriously disabled
autistic girl who's been a victim of
being gang-raped by Muslims shop owners
that's the accusation so I traveled I
went out of work 8 o'clock this morning
and I'm still just I've just finished
now I've just been into the shop you'll
see that video coming soon I've been an
interviewed the NGO I've heard the
accusations I've gone to the shop the
men are still running the shop two years
they're still running the shop they're
still running the shop I have loads
little kids outside telling me oh you'll
see the video anyway you see the video
anyway but let me just so if I explain
that for today now I left the house a
pox morning three of us I mean three of
us I've spent a hundred pounds but time
I get home it's a hundred pounds on
expenses that's a cheap way because we
drove we drive everywhere usually that's
the cheap rate so 100 pound expenses who
pays for that who do you think pays for
because you know if you go to work this
is essentially it's like a job now it
hasn't been it never has been I'm in
paid one single bit for eight years of
this but now we're in a situation where
I was asked to work for rebel and I
didn't I tried to do a video it took me
three months forward on a video I'm a
complete plate technophobe colleague
market camera
let me just put the phone on dybbuks
that's gonna keep me noise
boy so we um it took me three months to
a video then I found a video and I've
done that a couple of videos and they
said look it's wasted your your work in
everyday I said pay my bills you've got
to pay your bills ever want us to pay
their bills tonight never got paid their
bills I've got aspirations I've got
before the English Defence League I had
successful businesses everyone wants to
be successful so I was working all the
time now trust me when I say that I was
then offered okay so for you to stop
working
for you to stop working and be on our
beck and call to report on these issues
what will it what will it what will it
take now trust me when I say I was doing
a building contract on a house building
the house from top to bottom okay make a
lot more doing that then then what it
was Oh agreed to take to cover my bills
so then rebel UK let me tell you ever
ever Guk a worked when you see the
videos think about this when you saw the
videos often Manchester terrorist attack
when three four of us spent two days in
Manchester think about this who covers
the hotel costs who covers a travel cost
who comes all the costs because you
don't get paid for YouTube hits on your
YouTube videos we don't that's too big
for you we don't get paid for YouTube
hits on the video yeah because the D
monetization hit everything so all these
videos when you watch them let me tell
you how it's paid for in Canada you have
the Ezreal Evancho's a Red Bull Canada
have a show that cost seven pound a
month that's a Daily Show now off the
money from that show that enables rebel
to have a base how the headquarters have
an office and grow and grow so basically
the last nine months seven months
whatever is ten months ten months has
taken we're at 200,000 pounds negative
this fit their deficit from Canada
Canada subsidized rebel UK because think
about it you've all been watching it no
one pays for it no one pays a penny I
always kept thinking maybe there is but
they
reason so Canada's subscription because
they have a subscription before their
key fans for their core supporters who
want to help not who have to help
because you don't have to you don't have
to pay to watch all of ripple you pay to
watch a certain exclusive part of it
that's how it is so then we're faced
with in the UK and I see people saying
people have donated for a studio now the
studio cost is a hundred thousand pounds
I'll tell you straight 35,000 pounds
been donated
that's what's been donated so we're
still 65 thousand pounds short now the
current situation is Canada have been
subsidizing everything
so we're then faced with how do we
continue how do we continue to do what
I've just done now which is leave the
house in the morning travel around the
UK bring you the stories that none of
the report is gonna do
there ain't no report going to walk into
a Muslim own business and just stick it
on them that and question them and
question the shops ain't gonna happen so
to do that
who's how do how does that continue
working and you know what I wish I wish
there was a multi-million pound
businessman or multi-million pound
person who would just say here's the
funding show everyone everything for
free
I wish has been forced to Marx but that
is unsustainable you must people must
understand that they must realize that
they must get up so the idea is for the
Tommy Robbins show is that there'll be
different levels so they'll be you see
the campaign say like today what I've
just done now or that all the campaign's
like Chris's campaign or the Knox
campaign or the justice for Chelsea
campaign these campaigns have to go to
everyone for free all the time because
their warnings to people they need
people to help people need to see these
things okay then they'll be so the idea
is this is the ideas which I wish it
wasn't is that for the table so it has
to be subscribe subscribe there has to
be a subscribe point where people
subscribe and pay a fee which is worked
out six pound Martin nine a month for
certain exclusive content okay so it's
like the newspaper videos we've been
doing they'll still go out but a day
later so if you want them on the day
there'll be a subscription thing and
Peter again
don't have to you don't have to you
don't have to but what your label is you
see you see what I've just done now I'm
on my own but we've and we've Lucy in
another fella yeah but I'm not have any
any security okay now you've seen the
videos you've seen the they said to be
honest this is the main sway that froze
it through it for me yeah you've seen
the videos of me being attacked to
verbally abused punch beat up that
cetera cetera now I know it's an icy map
a lot of people comment what about
security Tommy you see if I brought to
security with me here that goes frantic
we'd 400 again
who pays again who pays that pays for it
how do you pay for that now the fact is
if you have a exclusive segment of the
show which will be exclusive interviews
exclusive behind-the-scenes access
exclusive live fees I'd it be two videos
a day full time yeah full time but not
everything will be behind a table but
for an exclusive segment to then say if
you can get people who subscribe it then
covers all of the costs for now we've as
I said we've raised 40% and the money
for the studio still got paid the other
60% when we get in the studio we've
still got two and a half thousand pound
a month overheads that's before you take
in six people for employed full-time
that's before you take in six people
employed full-time that's before you put
bulletproof doors on them on it that's
before then you say if I want to go
somewhere so I'm going somewhere next
week actually got something next week
where there's me 12 min 12 min I'm going
to find Muslim grooming Peter Voss
accused now and instant like that that
could go seriously wrong fine now I keep
walking into every one of these on my
own every one of them on my own to bring
you the story now how do I get security
this isn't for me $6.99 I know people
eat do what now to a crowded does it
they've Reuben does it Gavin McInnes
show does it every alternative media has
it has a selective bit of the show that
people subscribe to pay for which
helps them cover all of their costs so
they can continue doing what they're
doing
we're not the BBC where we get a licence
fee we don't get a license fee we don't
have Saudis punching punching money a
lot most media do so then they can rule
that rule what's being said we give you
the call what cool honesty but how can
that be done I'll keep asking because I
see a lot of people if put but not get
negative comments as soon as you talk
about paying for money and to know what
I watched government in this I watch
louder crowd up i watch Dave Rubin or
I've been on all their shows
I personally haven't subscribes yeah so
I get it I get I get the British the
British Way this is new to us nothing's
been done like this in the UK where
people were expected to pay to watch
content but that's because we don't have
Saudi petrol money funding us that's
because we don't have BBC licence money
funding us but you must ask yourself all
on ask is what how do we pay for it how
do we pay for camera editors how do we
can pay for camera girls how do we pay
for the office how do we pay for the
overheads how do we pay for our petrol
next week I'm gonna travel to Germany
I'm gonna go with there's four of us
going
as for people's flights and trust me
when I say we don't live that we won't
be living the lavish lifestyle we're
booking flights to Germany I'm having to
go down to South end point Neumann but
South Bend flights are cheaper yeah but
I'm gonna go to south end I'm gonna
bring you demonstration from Germany
tens of thousands and then going to
Poland hundred thousand marching against
Islam
okay but what I'll ask again is who pays
for those flights who pays for the
hotels we sleep two in a room we're not
having our own rooms hoop who pays for
this stuff event McDonald's I don't
about Spokane okay story of my life and
it was shot it was shot but I'm asking
is ask yourself if you're one of the
people is going to put a negative
comment about there being a subscribe
button okay a subscribe part to this
show there has to be otherwise it's
unsustainable if you have the negative
common then just ask yourself this
question who pays
how does it work how can i I left my
house eight o'clock this morning I'm
standing in stop stop war that's ran
though I've got two three out for our
drive home and they'll get up again in
the morning yeah and we'll do it again
tomorrow
well in fact we do the other part the
show which is Friday fatwa which is
Hardy for the week but what I'm asking
is because I hate you know when people
say I hear sick people say you do it all
for the money I've done eight years of
absolute bullshit with no money
everything taken off us everything
against her prison beatings no money
right it wasn't about book things I
hadn't wrote a book I wrote a book my
books have been successful okay I use
that money to further my family to
provide for my family
okay but what I'm saying is I know I
just I just think that um and you want
us pay for a trip to Barbados now Cancun
please it's true and it's not I'll just
be up front and honest real that's how
it is and to have a show or to continue
doom we're doing with people to continue
working full-time to hire more people to
grow to build a base in the UK someone's
got a pain and I'm sorry about that but
that's how it is and I think that that's
so if you if you want a page if you want
to subscribe well I'd say you should be
helping me do we have must pay all your
overheads but I'll be in a situation
where I have it beck and call security
now I haven't got that you know I
haven't got that every single person in
my situation of course Europe has
24-hour day pay guards 24 hour a day I
have nothing I have nothing it's not
like a high walk-in everywhere don't I
so at some point at some point that's
gonna go wrong
I know that anyone with a brain knows ER
at some point it's gonna go wrong at
some point someone's gonna stick sank in
me at some point that's gonna happen
right if I can have a tummy problems as
a show and unfortunately people if
people have to pay a subscription to get
exclusive access to parts of it then it
pays to keep me alive so reveries a
sinking ship
look I'm reading your comments to be
honest for me this isn't about rebel
it's about Tommy Robbins doesn't show
where what I'm saying is if people
subscribe and people who don't want to
pay
don't subscribe there still is free
content there still is videos it's just
that there has to be an exclusive part
you know for example I'm doing a
Manchester talk the idea is that the
people who subscribe when it's set up
properly there'll be a full livestream
of a camera on me like this the whole
entire time I'm doing an event if I'm
going places you're watching you're with
me on that trip yeah so I know people
say $6.99 or I think $6.99 it's it's
planning a point in some places in
London one point I'm up north where am i
up north I probably get a point four
points for that one but um yeah that's
all I just want to clear the air I want
you if you've watched this share it I
want you to make sure that people
understand before you see when you see
because the first in fact I might be one
of those people who would say that if it
was about someone else when you see our
$6.99 a month he wants six nine in a
month to watch his new show I just asked
her how would we do it
otherwise how can you do it otherwise
how can you do it how do you do and take
into the account it's not just me you're
not just seeing the table as and slow
with me standing there we're building up
we want to build a proper show what's
gone dark want to build a proper show in
the proper arena with full-time staff
employed employed full time someone's
got to pay them you know when you go out
to work think about this you go out work
you get paid you know you cover your
rent you cover your bills you cover your
food this has to be the same for every
employee that's gonna be working in my
studio yet the thing you have to think
about would you would the average person
go to work in my studio bearing in mind
at some point it could become a terrace
that's a target so most these people who
are going to be working there it's
already people you see the other day I
had to keep one of them completely off
camera they don't wanna be on camera
it all be on camera but yeah mate that's
to be honest the price imaging would
work out that for what we expect to get
would cover the UK cost and when I say
we're a minus 200 think about it think
about we've had four people we've some
of them left some of them are come four
or five people employed full-time for
ten months
it's paid for from the Israel adventure
that's how we've been paying our bills
and yeah I wish I could do a Tom
Robinson show that would go out free to
every single person everyday it's just
simply not possible it's impossible so
that's all that will be made up that
will being looked at it's like I think
that I have a dedicated support base
people who want help I get people I just
you can watch the video this I'm just
going to confront this group this this
shop and I've had a man come up to me
shake my hand go to the cash point and
come back with money I said I want your
money mate I don't want your money
yeah I don't want your money you guys
watch what I do with the money yeah
people want to help okay
people want to help so to those people
who want to help then that's the option
of subscribe it's not for everyone but
for those people who want to help then
you'll be subscribing you'll help us
grow you'll help us operate and
hopefully you help me stay safe but the
video we're done tonight have to really
because I have to be cautious I have to
check legal legalities now on exactly
what we've just done because I've sat
down with a victim a highly disabled him
the accusations we've gone to their shop
and the shop is as a warning you know
what since this since a post went on
Facebook in this area which is Stockport
since a postman on Facebook last week
apparently four more victims have come
forward one of them being a an 11 year
old boy 11 year old boy
now there's an accusation if you live in
the local area and this accusation is
made maybe you haven't is innocent you
derv innocent till proven guilty maybe
maybe they get off on the court trial
but you want to know we're not if
there's an accusation against the men in
that shop for doing this you'd want a no
we're not I don't know so I'd want to
notify the daughter and that's what I
want to bring you I want to bring you
this is where the shop is this is what
they've done this is what's going on so
that video be coming soon
that's it I just wanted I needed to talk
to people I need to explain things
before you start seeing promo videos for
the Tommy Robbins and show that tell you
to subscribe and pay monthly as I said
you've heard it so now I can just play
this video again when I see people
saying you're selling out to me we want
money you want money you want money what
money no it's impossible otherwise
impossible it's impossible
you
