the West is actually built on that it's
a form of trust even more important than
a handshake
how many handshakes do you do in a day
one or two maybe but you make eye
contact all day long all day long it is
an essential building block of our
society when people wear masks it's not
because they're cold because they're
hiding their identities from
professional criminals or terrorists
when police wear masks excuse me this
cop is not cold this cop is hiding his
identity maybe he's an undercover
undercover cop sometimes maybe he
doesn't want terrorists to know who was
he is not called he is hiding it is not
normal it's nerve-racking isn't it to
see someone like that face masks called
balaclavas became the signature of
Muslim terrorists in the 70s and 80s to
hide their identity and to this day look
at this this is Isis terrorists wearing
masks while making propaganda videos it
is to hide it is to terrified it's not
noon by the way the reason the Ku Klux
Klan wore masks was to terrify too but
also to remain secret to break the bonds
of community trust you know when a group
of KKK activists would march through
town like this with their faces covered
they were actually escaping
responsibility for their actions weren't
they the next day the town's doctor or
barber or baker could pretend he was a
normal peaceful person even he if he had
just been at a lynching the night before
hiding his face that's why the anti fun
bugs do it too by the way the far-left
riders they hide their face let me make
my point clear how is the image on the
left when the area go has that image on
the left and he different morally than
the image on the right both could claim
to be an expression of religion oh you
know the KKK claim they were a form of
Christianity hardly but the same within
the cab
I think the niqab is worse though
because in most cases it's being done by
men to women women are being in prison
the Klan hood was usually done by men to
themselves to hide from their actions
don't you think putting women in little
prisons is worse that is if you care of
the separation of mosque and state if
you care about the Equality men and
women things that used to be liberal
projects but aren't anymore
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
