last year I went to the UN's Climate
Change Conference in Marrakech Morocco
it was a huge conference where all the
parties that's what the UN calls
countries were basically peer pressured
into signing the Paris agreement now the
Paris agreement or the Paris Accord as
it's sometimes called is a treaty really
it was schemed up the year before at yet
another UN climate change conference
this time it was held in Paris
it requires massive reductions in co2
emissions in the United States case
alone 26 to 28 percent by 2025 but the
agreement also gave the world the co2
targets that Rachel Notley and Catherine
McKenna are using to carbon tax us all
into energy poverty it gave social
license to Justin Trudeau to just give
away two point six five billion Canadian
dollars to other countries to fight
climate change and it was a given that
the United States would be a part of the
agreement if Hillary Clinton won the
election and the Americans were just so
confident last year that Hillary Clinton
had the election in the bag that they
sent US Secretary of State John Kerry
all the way to Morocco for the day to
sign away American environmental
sovereignty over to the UN but while the
conference was happening President
Donald Trump was elected instead and
that changed everything
Donald Trump had campaigned on
withdrawing from the Paris agreement and
any agreement that hurts the American
worker the attendees at the UN
conference knew what Trump was going to
do and then so all of a sudden this fun
UN conference became like a funeral
where everyone is in denial that the
person laying in the coffin is actually
dead so this UN conference this year
won't have John Kerry virtue signaling
on behalf of the United States
administration actually I don't think
the US will have a very big delegation
this year at all and that scares me
because that means Canada Justin Trudeau
and his climate Barbie Environment
Minister Catherine McKenna they're going
to want to take center stage and who
knows how big our delegation is going to
be last year they sent hundreds of
people to go to this thing
represent Canada will Trudeau tried to
position China of all places as a
replacement superpower to the United
States will Trudeau try to position
himself as the leader of the global
cabal against Donald Trump
I honestly think he will here's the
thing no countries on track with the
Paris agreement the Paris agreement is
nothing more than nice thoughts and
justification for carbon taxes I don't
think our media will be honest about
what happens there this year they
certainly weren't last year I don't
think the media will show you the fake
electric charging stations for electric
cars the disposable village that they
built to house these globalist
conventions they won't show you the
idling buses and the limos of the fancy
delegations they won't show you the
waste and hypocrisy of the apparent
environmental experts Canadian taxpayers
send to these things
remember when we caught them watering
the desert in Morocco a few times per
day just to keep the dust off the
delegates shoes no media even noticed
and the place was teeming with media but
no one was telling the truth about what
happens on the inside of these globalist
conferences except us and that's why I'm
going back this year this year the
conference is in Bonn Germany and I want
to show you what goes on behind the
closed doors of the UN and I want to
hold the Canadian delegation to account
they can't just give away Canadian
sovereignty and billions of dollars to
show the progressives of the world how
much better Trudeau thinks he is then
Donald Trump but at the rebel we don't
get billions of dollars in taxpayer
subsidies like they do at the CBC and
that's why I need your help I'm going
with a producer / cameraman and even
though we do our very best to try to do
everything on the cheap we will have
costs for travel and hotels in the
thousands if you can pitch in and help
cover the cost for us to go to Bonn
Germany and show you the inside of these
secretive cloistered UN meetings go to
the rebel UN calm
I'm going to the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany if you can
help cover our costs go to the rebel un
com
you
