in March 3rd and 4 2015 this group had
held an event now it was duly authorized
by the University they had a right to be
there and that the University was aware
that there was a group of people who
were massing to prevent them from having
this event and to obstruct it and the
university president at the time even
issued a letter warning those people to
allow these the the the authorized group
to speak and unfortunately on the days
in question the protesters showed up and
blockaded the event and the judge in in
the recent decision that came out said
that they had significantly blockaded
the event which means that they had
significantly prevented people from
seeing it of course and so there there's
some very interesting details first of
all the University staff and faculty as
well as students were involved in the
blockade in fact there were staff
members who were allowing their uh their
classrooms to be used as staging areas
for the block haters the campus security
set up a barricade that all the
protesters were supposed to stay behind
and all of the protesters unanimously
decided that they would not stay there
whereupon campus security advised them
that you are breaching the code of
student behavior and there may be
discipline action taken against you so
ultimately speaking at the end of the
day there was no discipline action taken
against them and now the university is
in a position where it's saying we we
told you you were breaching the code of
student behavior but now we're defending
your actions you were engaged in free
speech when you blockaded the event and
and we're now condoning your behavior so
fast forward a year and the same group
the authorized group my client decided
to apply to hold the same event they're
an authorized campus club and and they
were turned down unless well they were
approved
unless on the condition that they pay a
$17,500 security fee and so we applied
for judicial review of that decision
both of them actually
so it's an creditor in because I want to
make sure I'm getting this right so the
pro-life Club it's a student club
they're just peaceful normal students
this club is allowed to be there their
dues paying tuition paying students and
they were blocked so when you say they
were blocked by students and professor
it was the blockers the the censors and
now this so basically this is the
hecklers veto right so the folks who are
trying that who physically blocked the
pro-life club they're being rewarded by
the administration it's the
administration now or is it the Students
Union coming in and saying you owe
seventeen thousand five hundred in
protection money that's literally
protection money saying if you don't pay
seventeen thousand five hundred dollars
we won't protect you yeah I'm a I'm just
trying to digest what you've just told
me yeah no that's it it's the university
who said you have to pay seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars a view
like that sign up for my show every day
click on the screen to subscribe
you
