white boy Rick is in theaters now the
movie with one of the most fun and
interesting trailers of the entire
summer the 80s music Matthew McConaughey
and it's based on a true story the story
of a white boy Rick who before the age
of 16 was informing for the FBI on drug
kingpins in Detroit seems fun quirky
interesting right not so much I've been
days this is pure Hollywood and white
boy Rick is in fact based on the true
story of Rick who before the age of 16
was informing for the FBI now the
trailer for the movie makes it look like
an oddball crime drama with a bunch of
twists and turns but is it as a movie I
give white boy Rick a three out of five
this movie is not fun it's not fun at
all now you make you think it will be
from the trailer but the movie could not
be more opposite that's not really the
point of the movie it's still good in
its own right the movie is simply as
depressing as the current state of
Detroit is people in poverty drug
dealers destroying lives and taking what
little they do have and completely
corrupt politicians and cops and judges
who let this cycle continue now this
still would be pretty fun if any of the
characters were redeemable but they're
not so it really makes it hard to root
for anyone even Rick or his father I
mean you want Rick and his father to be
fine
but keep breaking the law dealing drugs
and selling guns and guess what it
really doesn't go that well for them but
it's still a pretty interesting movie as
a film I'll give white boy Rick a three
out of five like I said this movie is
not enjoyable to watch but there are
some really interesting moments to be
taken away from it Rick who like I said
is under the age of 16 complains that he
can't make any money but does he get a
minimum wage job finish school do they
want to leave this hellscape of Detroit
no they decide to get into drugs and
where do you get money from drugs from
addicts who have literally nothing left
who are giving everything they have to
this drug and you know a few wealthy
people who are corrupt sprinkled in
there as well it's truly awful and
portrayed really well by the director
who managed to capture all these moments
and still had some fun energy in it
throughout the movie they also did a
really good job of sticking to the true
events and if you enjoy movies like this
based on a true story check out the
history first Hollywood page for all the
information on the backgrounds they
really did a good job of following that
now let's do a great job of showing the
corrupt nature of many of these cities
the legal systems even the mayor in this
movie and corrupt cops everywhere there
were 80 cops who were brought down
because of white boy Rick testifying and
you also get to see Rick
completely worked over by the legal
system that literally still has him in
jail when the kingpins that he testified
against have been released and remember
he was sentenced when he was a minor and
he got life in prison for doing this
it's crazy my faith in values is a three
out of five I'm not ranking this high
because there are heroes in the film
there are not any heroes in the film
like no one to emulate at all
however this movie does a fine job of
showing the hopelessness and destruction
of a life of crime
it does not glorify the gangs or the
dealings or the using of the drugs
themselves you see people's lives
destroyed people maim killed or addicted
which was honestly refreshing to see a
movie that doesn't glorify this
lifestyle and there's a wonderful
gut-wrenching moment in this movie where
Matthew McConaughey holds his
granddaughter for the first time this
perfect innocent child he says hey Rick
I used to hold your sister just like
this when she was a baby just like
comforting her right there holding her
currently McConaughey's daughter has
addicted the same drugs they're selling
in the city and she is in a crack house
they go in there to save her McConaughey
picks up his daughter and she starts
freaking out and wailing because she
literally has nothing she's out of her
mind and she's completely helpless and
he's just holding her crying just like
he did the baby in a few scenes before
it's absolutely gut-wrenching and it
shows that cycle and the destruction
capability of these kind of drugs on the
streets anyway like I said this movie is
not fun to watch but if you enjoy these
kind of realistic crime dramas that have
some backstory and true story elements
to it go check it out it's a pretty
strong film I've been Davies this is
pure Hollywood alright so if you enjoyed
that video please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
