you know what I admire most about
progressives in sports and entertainment
it's their commitment to social justice
their unwavering desire to be the voice
of the silence and the most vulnerable
among us
except that's all nonsense the running
to any of that stuff I'm gonna tell you
all about their hypocrisy now a few days
ago the Academy of Motion Picture Arts
and Sciences finally voted to expel
Harvey Weinstein it's only the second
time in history this has ever happened
first time was back in 2004 when they
expelled a guy named carmine Caridi for
sharing screeners those advanced copies
of films given to Academy members for
Oscar consideration apparently Creed he
gave one to someone who wasn't
authorized to have won the Academy then
went on to issue a very strongly worded
statement against Weinstein they said
quote we do so
meaning kick him out not simply to
separate ourselves from someone who does
not merit the respect of his colleagues
but also to send a message that the era
of willful ignorance and shameful
complicity and sexually predatory
behavior and workplace harassment in our
industry is over now I wish I could
believe the Academy it's a good
statement I wish I could believe them
but I can't because they never issued a
similar statement on Roman Polanski a
notorious paedophile the guy got an
Oscar in 2003 they're still calling him
a genius celebrating his filmmaking he's
getting Lifetime Achievement Awards in
Europe and the Academy remains silent
guess who else is also a member of the
Academy confirmed by The Hollywood
Reporter last week Bill Cosby Bill Cosby
is accused of sexually abusing or raping
over 60 women bill an Academy member
now all of the Hollywood freaks came out
of the woodwork for this one
Woody Allen talked about irony Woody
Allen came out in defense of Harvey
Weinstein Woody Allen said quote the
whole Harvey Weinstein thing is very sad
for everybody involved no woody it's sad
for the victims Weinstein is getting
everything he deserves
Woody Allen went on to say predictably
you also don't want it to lead you to
lead to a witch-hunt atmosphere well of
course a guy like Woody Allen doesn't
want further investigation the guy took
off with his teenage stepdaughter and
I'm guessing he was probably
inappropriate with her before she was of
age in 1993 his seven-year-old
stepdaughter Dylan Farrow accused him of
sexually molesting her as recently as
2014 Dylan Farrow then in early 20s
wrote an open letter to the New York
Times that read quote that tournament
was made worse by Hollywood all but a
precious few my heroes turned a blind
eye well guess who one of those who
turned a blind eye was yep Harvey
Weinstein in 1994 when Woody Allen was a
pariah when no one would go near the guy
because of the sexual abuse allegations
against children and taken off with his
teenage daughter
Harvey Weinstein throw him a lifeline
Weinstein helped him rebuild his
reputation and his career so of course
Woody Allen is coming out in defense of
the guy Weinstein didn't care about the
potential abuse of children he cared
about movies and money because sexually
predatory behavior is all in a day's
work to a guy like Harvey Weinstein he's
terrible radical leftist Oliver Stone
came out in defense of Weinstein Stone
said it's not easy what he's going
through either give me a break
Ally not easy what the victims are going
through Weinstein did this to himself
right after wine stay after Oliver Stone
said that warmer Playboy Playmate Carrie
Stephens jumped on Twitter she wrote
whoa
two of a kind explanation point when I
heard about Harvey the first person I
thought of was Oliver Stone and it
figures and quote evens accused stone of
groping her at a party he Weinstein was
the rule in Hollywood he wasn't the
exception there are a lot of guys like
him they all turned a blind eye as did
the Academy for decades
their statement is no more than cover
your ass PR Ben Affleck claims he knew
nothing about Harvey Weinstein his
mentor the guy who gave him his career
I'm sorry I don't believe Ben Affleck
his statement reads in part I am
saddened and angry that a man who I
worked with used his position of power
to intimidate sexually harass and
manipulate many women over decades just
don't believe that Affleck didn't know
he was part of that Hollywood circle
actress Rose McGowan it used to be a
flex good friend doesn't believe him
either she tweeted Ben Affleck f off he
then attributed a quote to Affleck
claiming that Affleck told her after a
press conference she was forced to
attend on in defense of Weinstein years
back that Affleck said quote god dammit
I told him to stop doing that in
reference to Weinstein abusing women
McGowan then went on to tweet to Ben
Affleck you lie
one also accused Weinstein former
attorney Lisa bloom of trying to pay her
off to remain silent or jump on to Team
Weinstein and defend him McGowan refused
now Twitter the bastion of social
justice and women's rights defended
McGowan right nope they suspended her
account until she deleted the tweets it
is simply ridiculous I have my own
run-ins with Lisa bloom she used to shut
my mic off when she stood in Lisa and I
were panelist on the dr. Drew show
together for about two years and she
guest hosted a few times and when I
would refute the points of social
justice warriors she'd bring on when I
blow them out of the water she returned
my mic off she was finally admonished by
producers and told never to do it again
but Lisa Bloom has a history of
silencing people I was one of them I can
tell you this firsthand of course the
Clintons are also in this mess the
Clinton Foundation is refusing to return
donations give it to them by Harvey
Weinstein and talk about tone-deaf
Chelsea Clinton jumps on Twitter and
tweets some perspective not worried
about my mom's broken toe that's in
reference to Hillary Clinton missing a
bunch of European news interviews
claiming she fell and hurt her foot
broke her toe whatever Tulsi goes on to
say I am worried about people in Puerto
Rico not having clean water food or
power now Chelsea often engages with me
on Twitter responds to me so I tweeted
at Chelsea Clinton okay Chelsea Clinton
so give Puerto Rico every dime that
Harvey Weinstein gave your family
foundation instead of keeping the money
well in this case Chelsea didn't respond
to me because there is no response
the Clintons will never give up money
once they have their talons on it they
should give Harvey Weinstein donation
back but they never will they're far too
greedy again just hypocritical leftists
business as usual or perhaps the most
egregious display this week came from
the New Orleans Saints of the NFL this
was the worst of the worst when it comes
to social justice warrior phony
grandstanding the Saints so wrapped up
in their elite little bubbles so worried
about themselves and their 15 minutes of
media attention as left wing warriors
when a moment of silence came took a
knee only they weren't listening to the
announcer and they took that knee they
weren't protesting America they Wow
up taking a knee and protesting a
tribute and moment of silence two slain
New Orleans police officer Marcus McNeil
who was killed a few days prior in the
line of duty protecting their city their
families and them police officer McNeil
was a young black man he left behind a
wife and two young children he's an
American Hero
the New Orleans Saints embarrassed
themselves shame on them shame on their
coach Sean Payton and shame on their
quarterback quarterback Drew Brees
terrible terrible move by the Saints it
should be called out and embarrassed or
if you like this content if you find
that as important as I do because I do
love bringing it to you please subscribe
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org thanks so much for
watching
you
