a new political party which i think is
going to strike a chord with people
across this country has launched today
and there's not anyone from the
mainstream media all of you people at
home has seen it with the football ads
Alliance you can have seventy thousand
people marched for our capital see
nothing in the mainstream media you can
have 1000 people protests bricks it all
over the mainstream media we're here to
find out what the party is going to
stand for how truthful they're gonna be
that's what I want to find out what
they're gonna say what they're gonna
stand for we're gonna represent the
people at home and we're gonna interview
a marine and listen to a press
conference and see what they're about
this is quite a momentous day for me and
I didn't expect necessarily to be here I
didn't expect to be here at all in fact
but we are here for a simple reason and
that is to announce our intention to
launch a new political party called for
Britain we have a enormous battle to
fight we aim to do nothing less than
bring truth to politics and when you're
trying to bring troops to politics
you'll find you have a lot of opposition
people don't necessarily want a lot of
truth in politics our greatest task when
you're promoting truth is to overcome
lies and they've of course already
started far-right BMP
but I would ask any journalist listen to
this and I've asked them before but I'll
ask them again and I ask them mostly not
because I think they'll respond but
mostly to point out to the public
the lack of integrity it takes to print
and publish obvious on truths so I hope
there is still some integrity in the
journalism profession and that instead
of point of stead of calling me
far-right and all the headlines just
publish what we actually say and then
let the public decide if we are far
right or not of course we are not a
far-right party we believe in democracy
we believe in the will of the people and
in a government that is held to account
not just in theory but in practice and
we therefore oppose the European Union
as an unaccountable top-down system
of governance we believe not only in
brexit but will work with allies and
friends across europe in an attempt to
bring down the EU altogether and restore
the way first of all where are we where
are we were in trouble that's where we
are we have a two major political
parties neither of them really give a
damn about us they're more concerned
about other politicians in other
countries and more concerned about
international bodies like the EU and
they don't answer to us they don't
answer to the voting public anymore this
is why so much of the public has stopped
voting at all because there's no point
we have to give them a point so today we
launched for Britain and we will give
people a point we will give them a
reason to vote again and one major
target for us is the non voter around a
third of this country doesn't vote at
all they will I don't know one person
availeth none of my friends it's exactly
exactly the people we have to reach and
the reason they don't vote it's because
no one ever listens to them anyway we
have to change it it's a massive
mountain to climb but we'll do it I'm
absolutely confident we can get the
right message to the people we can be a
big success I was up against six other
candidates and the machinery of UK
they made it perfectly clear they did
not want me they made it clear to the
media they didn't want me and they made
it perfectly clear that they were
looking down on us they were looking
down on me and my our supporters and
some sort of infiltrators rather than
just omit members of the party and some
people who supported me have been a
member of you clip since day one and
they completely dismissed these people
and then of course the the real insult
came when they called us all Nazis and
racists a disgusting smear and coming
from you kept very very dangerous
because it sends a very dangerous
message to the public that even you Kipp
thinks you're a Nazi and a racist if you
have concerns and fears and this is what
we have to address people are afraid and
you know this as well as I do people out
there are afraid they're not telling us
they're afraid because they're too
afraid to tell us they're afraid we have
to go out and find them because they're
too afraid to come and find us what's
going to make for Britain different we
what we're saying we mean what we're
saying I mean every word I say I really
really do care about this country I love
it it's given me everything I will die
for it we mean it we mean it
we're not here for careers because you
don't go into a brand new party that the
press hates if you're a careerist people
here are driven by real passion we're
going to tell the truth that people will
see we're not perfect I'm not perfect
none of us have any halos to polish but
we're decent people who love this
country and that is the difference our
people are desperate for truth they're
desperate for someone to not to stop
these politically correct sound bites
that every single politician thinks they
have to say no we will stand up and say
what we actually think and we will tell
the truth about the dangerous countries
in and we'll fight for the ordinary
people and we mean it that's a
difference with me knows most people who
follow me most my supporters most people
I talk to every day most of their
concerns their fears some of them are
crying daily they're terrified to do
with the problems around Islam can we
rely on you to tackle it and not
sugarcoat it that's why I'm here that's
the whole idea but we have to do we have
to deal with Islam we have to have to
deal with it and we will only deal with
it by telling the truth about it that it
is a conquering faith it has conquered
its way across the world for 1,400 years
and it hasn't changed it will conquer us
if we let it if we let it we will if we
continue on the current trajectory we
will be living under Sharia law in this
great country some some on its knees to
Sharia I can't bear that idea I can't
bear that idea and I'll do everything I
can to fight it and I will tell the
truth about the Koran and tell the truth
about Muhammad and let the people know
what this religion is what it teaches
how it teaches hatred of us and give
them the choice then to fight back and
they will want to see more please like
and subscribe at rebel
you
