let's start off of a laugh of the
Guardians expense if you don't know the
Guardians going going down gun under
having to sell their offices having to
beg for money they're the journalists of
doing stories for free in there that's
so I went in this morning when I went in
the paper shop I'll share the video yeah
when I'm in the paper shop and I went in
dead early so now on had already bought
all the papers and I just had to laugh
they only stock right one Guardian so
what they got one coffee it's great so I
bought four papers not the Guardian
anyway outrageous doctors told us
patients are you gay
gender we'll listen to this yeah this
whole gender Rodman that's all we hear
now that is all we hear that's all I'm
going to talk about a 15,000 pound the
years school was criticized last night
for allowing boys to sleep in the girls
boarding house if they're questioning
their gender identity they're boys yeah
male pupils at Gordon School in Surrey
will be allowed to wear skirts they said
this is the best bit yep they're allowed
to wear skirts and they'll be known as
gender neutral pronouns such as Z so
Sarah Connor boy you'll go it's going to
be called Z Zed ie they exploring their
gender they'll also be allowed to use
gender-neutral toilets you're messing
with kids you're messing with their
heads this is and this just it goes on
and on now Thomas the Tank engines been
overhauled become a more gender balanced
it just doesn't stop next Ken can it be
having breast implants not Barbie and
Ken dolls they'll be putting tips on Ken
fight sexism um fireman Britain's most
senior fight fire chief is launching a
campaign to ban the word fireman
you know fireman sam will have to be
calling it fireman's or fire woman
Samantha she'll pull over sex change as
well he'll probably have a sex change is
rolling this ridiculous just get over it
you've got men you've got women you've
got boys you've got gold that's how it
is okay stop messing with the kids but
messing with everything up see is the
mist Tolga Islamist
bombs kill toothy what's an Islamist
what is an isthmus they're not Islamist
militants the jihadists the devout free
lion fans in World Cup ripoff you're
going to go to Russia who's gonna go to
Russia I went to watch England played
Russia in Moscow in 2007 I went ball the
lads now may everyone was driving
scholars and it's all flats but other
than that no it went driving ladders
sorry everyone was driving largest yeah
but everyone wanted to fight yeah
everyone wants fighting the tax drivers
on the fight we've booked in our hotel
it's a nice hotel we've checked in our
hotel gone up to our hotel room for our
bags in the phone rings it's like hello
it's me the receptionist
it's the receptionist yeah you want to
fight ten of you ten of us Oh
CSKA Moscow VIP I said Mike you've got
my passport dad ever yeah what there's a
receptionist is ringing up to fight you
and you got 200 room
the receptionist you know you hear all
this about them always fight until the
end and know all this
Russian hooligans this got bad on that
night I remember standing there as they
come up to the hotel and watch them all
get chased everywhere burglary units
shut this isn't a police force a police
force has scrapped its burger Union
following funding cuts they blame on
funding cost
it's not blood not really though yeah
admitting it had only sold 10% of
break-ins off over five years
what does what message does this send to
house burgers in this area this is an
Avon and Somerset this is the Sabourin
this is the same Constabulary where a
police officer was not happy because the
tampons were under the women's section
in Sainsbury's of saying under gender
without gender nonsense again
they only recovered one percent of
stolen valuables while we're scrapping
our while we scrap in our burglary units
in police forces across the country so
if you live in Avon and Somerset
Constabulary there's now no burglary
Union there's no one to stop the
burglaries or catch the burglars mad mad
when Sadiq Khan and we know all of our
government are plowing millions into
hate crime hubs online speech Facebook
you burgle a house you won't get nicked
you make a comment on Facebook they kick
your door so why the police they say
about these cuts so why these cuts are
in
so normal police in the money's had to
come down counterterrorism monitoring
money's gone described rocky enough nine
billion pounds a year that's what we
spend just to monitor these would-be
jihadists nine billion and now go up
next year and the year after and the
year after and whilst all the money to
monitor these scumbags you shouldn't
even be we should just be putting them
on planes and Jack them out to their the
countries of origin but rather than do
that will close on a burglary units will
the NHS will suffer everything will
suffer the football section now this is
the best bit for let me just go over one
school review let me get to it see where
we are the first game we got to go to
the first game we got to go to this
season the second game because I've been
busy I'm not here you know some it's a
witness for actually wanted not be as
well I'm not here for the next three
four weekends I'm away covering
different demos or different things are
going on but I went to loon game I took
the kids we won 7-1 smashed it I know
just story on which was a bunch of claim
boy you kids new leaders said he would
capture badger and kill it with his bare
hands
what an idiot is but you know the bloke
who calls everyone Nancy's is that if
you talk about Islam its new its new
Bowl and the new leader are you kiddin
he also says that he'd catch a badger
with his bare hands and kill it no you
want me she would not about is one of
the most fiercest and strongest drawed
animals in the when it when asked if he
would hunter to badger across time yes I
would apply that he could probably do
that but it's not part of the
initiations it's also after we had to
eat an entire English Cross and Roslyn
now let me take is that the bad Webber
win it is let me just
show you where we're going now I'll have
to be off cause I need to get down
sportsman and they sit down to
Portsmouth because 30,000 of you have
signed this petition this is all of your
names let me get that this is all of
your names I thank every single one of
you for it and so just Chris's family
there's a campaign going on
where Chris who's had a stroke in the
Navy we're trying to get medically
discharged so this is quick thank you
and that's where I'm off to now I'm off
to Portsmouth it's going to be handed in
there's a meeting today we're hoping for
some good news
hoping that we're not a loggerheads of
the Navy over it and that they see the
error of their ways or now that it's
been brought to the attention of the
leadership of the Navy they see where
the wrong decisions have been made and
we hope that Chris Eid is given given
that given what he deserves
so on that way I'm off to Paul I'm off
to Pompey and if you're in Pompey no I'm
off to Toby carvery as earlier please go
Tommy Robinson comm if you want to see
more of this content on my new daily
show which is coming soon which I need
your help for
