both the rest of Iraq and Turkey itself
are mobilizing their military which
seems so obviously to me an attempt to
scare off or even crush this Kurdish
independence movement is that your
assessment as well
it's absolutely my assessment and you're
completely right they've not only been
mobilizing the militaries but Iran has
done the exact same thing in fact these
days when I talk about the rest of Iraq
or Baghdad who has coming against the
Kurds I I called them Iran / Baghdad
because there is so much Iranian backing
influence of the Ayatollah within the
rest of Iraq to crush the Kurds it's
staggering to see the evidence of it in
fact you're talking about Christian
persecution eight Christian churches
have been shut down in Baghdad in the
rest of Iraq as the Ayatollah as Iran
has come into those parts and and
solidified their hold in that extremist
ideology in fact some of the Christians
that are now safe in Kurdistan were
showing pictures of their villages to me
and have shown that the Ayatollah is
setting up schools there to now train
Shia extremists and other Islamic
extremists in order to crush Christians
throughout Baghdad so the Kurds have
provided that safety in their region and
as you said now militaries are being
mobilized not only Turkey Iraq and Iran
to really on all sides to kind of crush
them I actually was able to get
exclusive video footage from the Kurdish
pesh MERGA showing that Baghdad funded
by Iran using some US military equipment
is now on the border situated ready to
invade well you know it's it was so
shocking to me I mean of course I didn't
know that much about Kurdistan or Iraq
before I went over when we were at the
border literally the frontline with the
Kurdish Peshmerga forces just two
horizons away from Mosul like 20
kilometers away from Mosul I thought
well it's either Isis there or the Iraqi
military no I was advised by the
Peshmerga that it was an iran-backed
Shiite militia that controlled the land
on the other side of the no-man's land
called hostile shabbiha I guess what I'm
saying is I assumed it was either the
enemy Islamic state terrorists or Iraqi
troops no it was this Iranian proxy
force it's so complicated but the one
thing all of these folks have in common
the Iraqis the Iranian Shiite militias
and the Turks that are now streaming
their soldiers into Syria is they all
have one thing in common they don't want
Kurdistan to be born that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
