Friday is Islam's holy day and at some
point I think I'll be taken out and
murdered for my opposition to Islam
so I thought I'd give this a fitting
name for part of my show
Tommy's Friday fatwa who else has got
that fine a feeling anyway before we
talk about the fatwa that Friday feeding
we just want to go out and get on it I
can't focus on went out last weekend so
I gotta be good this weekend tell the
missus out for this I'm gonna go through
some trees start off going through some
trees which were always amuse me you
know I found bored if I'm bored I just
look at my Twitter and I do I search my
name people have got a steak you search
your name yeah I do it amuses me about
this how long until Tony Robinson come
up in arms about KFC branches not
selling the double down with bacon
because it's not allowed that double
down with bacon is crap
I'm not going to moan about it because
it's horrible it's rotten and it's
impossible to eat it's a stupid
invention a stupid burgers and no me I
don't really care go on Twitter and
putting tell me what was in cave see ya
so many people talk about me and Casey
there's so many comments like I was
eating with co-ceo today I like Pepsi I
was even a Cosi update and some paper k
m t yeah I didn't know what this was
right KMT told me one was eating his
chicken in front of me
KMT is kiss my teeth so kiss my teeth
Tommy Robin says what do you say I
forget what the other comment was we
were saying about doing me in or sellout
or having a go at me but he didn't even
say anything to me because I remember
sitting can't eat my co see I was in the
service station no one batted an eyelid
so make you as a complete coward giving
it the big one on Twitter a lot most
people so moms in its games are putting
don't run terrorism i'm karis these
signs because they use a loud chicken
tell me I just get blamed for this year
I've never done that the other just try
to pass somebody on Tim's Terrace
incident no silent song Rumson he's
probably in KFC
well how about become this associate
with KFC what's happened there
I've just gone Casey a couple of times I
saw what I've done I haven't done
anything you I'm a dummy food but this
guy also equated Tommy Robinson asking
questions of Quilliam with the invasion
of Poland or some other shit and I've
imagined the way as waste of time
actually one question you see that that
that little picture there has been made
into a what they called a gift as I was
talking some woman it's quite funny but
Tom Robinson or Kate Hudson like to make
a comment about these institutionalized
abuses no didn't think so yes I've spoke
about both I always do more to the point
they certain a certain certain famous
stars now whether Jane fonder being one
of them she's come out now said she
regrets not saying anything sooner so
one of these people like this so having
a pop at me have a pop up the people
that knew this was going on
loads of people knew this has gone on
every time this happens all the people
come out the woodwork tonight oh I knew
is a woman a lot the BBC knew Joe they
knew Jimmy Savile was a nonce
it's the BBC of course I did anyway I'm
considering finishing with Rhys because
he watches Tommy Robinsons videos that I
did I cause domestics in my own home I'm
causing domestic and other people
chalices Shannon leave Rhys alone man
let the man enjoy himself the
uncomfortable truth let's watch this sim
start with this is the BBC ok the
uncomfortable truth is that white race
is the most violent and oppressive force
of nature BBC are actually promoting
this this is a ladyboy what kind of
country is modern Britain no doubt it's
a country that likes to think of itself
as inclusive but that depends where
you're standing
well you're standing in front of me
you're a transgender black man or lady
every way you want to talk of it you're
on tour Bank Lucy if you're on the baby
sing love you're on the BBC preaching
your intolerance towards me so pretty
inclusive to me as a transgender
mixed-race a person we live in a deeply
racist society the only reason why she
has a career is because you're a
transgender mixed-race person it's the
only reason you've got a a career I've
owned that you're a dropout loser lady
walk
the government's race ordered for
England identified discrimination
against people of color in many of our
institutions he's not even fit least
some of them are fit here ranging from
the police to the justice system to
schools does this surprise you it's old
news to me and almost a bad joke to
identify it now Sean about the police
being racist me to give you some
statistics about police a racist against
black people so some statistics on
London 2010 statistics 50 percent of
violent crimes in London 50% of violent
crimes in London were committed by black
people it's a fact it's not racist it's
a fact okay so when she's saying the
police are racist this is what the
police have to deal with 50% out of a
population in the London of 10% who's
the biggest victims let me continue this
into what she's got to say but it's
something that we've known for years but
the political will has not been there to
deal with it and I'm not sure it is now
why should we expect anything else from
a country that's built a success on the
enslavement of non-white people it's
that continuous cycle of racism here she
goes again her mum's wife what I thought
about the enslavement of white people
white people ending the slave trade yes
there's a lot of negativity in our past
but in everyone's past white people
ended it we didn't start it we ended it
okay we ended it many whites were slaves
okay but in the slave trade
from black people as well before if we
want to talk about it but also after you
the universal human rights declaration
1948 our Navy our military had to go and
stop when all the country said it went
against slavery our minutes she had to
go and stop the slave trade which was
still going on in Middle East they're
still slaves now where are they in the
Middle East and in Africa slave trade
still going on now talk about that why
don't you talk about that explains where
we are now why doesn't UK acknowledge
the sacrifice of people killed in wars
but not the spilled blood of black
people this is against bill blood of
black people as I've just as I've
previously said fifty percent of violent
crimes were committed by black people in
London I have a population of Timpson
who are the biggest proportion of
victims by those violent
other black people there's a lot of
spilt blood being spilled yeah and it's
it's black people's blood at the hands
of other black people do professional
victims shoes if the UK took our
oppression seriously then people like me
who call out racism would be listen to
you rather than ridiculed or threatened
with death you're a racist bitch and
then I'm even not I'm even taking your
female I'm even giving you the I'm even
giving you that you're a racist geezer
if white people want to see an
improvement for people of color they
need to understand that racism is not
learned it's inherited and either
consciously or unconsciously passed down
through privilege racism was not
learners in heritage so somehow we've
all inherited racism this is absurd do
you know what can I ever go through the
UK me being born it's handed it saddens
me because I'm white that's what she
said
in that sense it must have been handed
down to Erin Bergman I've got more seven
or eight year old little white boy who
hanged himself after being bullied
because he was white what maybe was
handed down to ross parker most you
won't know these names this is the
problem mostly we ain't even heard of
these names ross Parker who was brutally
and savagely murdered by a gang of
Pakistani Muslims who smashed knifes off
in his head and beaten with baseball
bats murdered him simply because he was
white or maybe Chris Donald how many
people voted Chris Donald Chris Donald
was taken off the streets 15 years old
off McCulloch Street in Scotland he was
kidnapped off the street because he was
white they tortured him in the back of
the car they cut off his genitals and
fed them to him look this murder up look
this murder up but that's his privilege
according to this racist bitch that's
his privilege
he has privilege no he doesn't have
privilege racism works on all sides and
it is learned it is learned it's not
inherit it's not in you to be racist and
that's it you have victims like this
Chris Donald was taken off the streets
fed his generals butchered stabbed set
on fire and he run still alive rolling
and rolling and rolling and dying
because he was white don't tell me about
white privilege I hate it this winds me
up so much darling world as I could go
through like that you know in the UK I
could go
through more and more and more and list
them and list them and list of how many
can you do on the other hand you're
gonna tell me Stephen Lawrence and Lee
Walker who else who else out of a
population in this country that's 90%
white if this was such a such an abusive
racist white country there'd be plenty
of murders but yet you reverse the roles
the 10% are causing so many racist
murders so many more white people are
the biggest victims of racism the
uncomfortable truth is that the white
race is the most violent and oppressive
force of nature on earth how can the BBC
do this this is your tack this is our
money's paid this with pay this sohow
answer how insulting is that we've
actually paid for this your your TV
noises that they take from you has paid
for this man to stand there acting like
a victim and tell us how bad we all are
stop paying your TV license and we let
him finish
three years that whatever government's
do to tinker with institutional racism
it is so ingrained in the fabric of
British society that it is too late to
do anything about it because it's
institutional racism that stood by and
watched 1,400 young black children be
raped because of their race was it there
is institutional racism it's aimed at us
I can't believe that's the BBC have put
down on this week I don't believe that I
don't believe that you know this is
exactly what I was saying give us you
know for what they're going to be trial
for what they charge you for your
licence fee which oneself I won't show
you I won't show to counter this
absolute nonsense but you'll be better
off second off your BBC license fee
don't pay them in now as it's Friday on
end on a bit of a laugh every week so
for the show we're gonna have her D for
the week Tony Robinson's had B for the
week where I'm gonna pick through my
favorite her deeps those who don't know
what hadith is hadith is the stories of
the lot and the sayings of the Prophet
Mohammad's so these are all things he
said and they're all printer books
and Muslims look at these books and they
live their life and they take their
instructions from these books they
coincide with the Quran they work the
Quran now this is fun yeah but
now you get to find out just how messed
up Mohammed was so the first city this
is our first show this will be our first
trial show so first of these Sahib Akari
sir hey me means authentic these are
authentic Aditya
authentic real this is it Sahib Akari a
two seven nine for some people from the
tribe of Auckland come to the Prophet
Muhammad and embraced Islam the crime of
Medina did not suit them so the Prophet
ordered them to go to the camels of
charity and to drink their urine as
medicine drink the camel pieces medicine
yes Oh prophet o Messenger of God what a
man you are but this is it take a look
now it's Oh elevator see a little so car
I only Ahmad neither bull enables a man
to shave in this is it this is Islam
this is for real this is a real relief
this is what he says and people now how
mad is it that for 1400 years if he's
not getting people to blow themselves up
this joker has got people drinking the
piss of camels no joke it's so much so
that the world's never World Health
Organization they had to come out
because we had an outbreak of MERS
because so many three people were
drinking the piss of camels because the
Prophet Mohammed says it in his a death
only enjoy this section because I'm
gonna bring you a mad her deep every
week and we'll all sit there on a Friday
afternoon and as Muslims are bending
down praying we'll have a laugh at their
expense these are all practice segments
for the Tommy Robbins to show which is
coming soon we're not even in our studio
yet we're gonna have a great time we get
in our studio but I mean look what we're
working out of look what our cameras on
I cut our cameras it's been held up on a
baby chair what a baby chair but we need
your support I want your support I want
you to join me regularly for the Tommy
Robinson show go on Tommy Robinson calm
find out more Tony Robinson show coming
soon go Tom Robinson calm get ready we
like and subscribe
