this Somali bogus refugee committed a
terrorist act in Edmonton with an Isis
flag in his car so and just last week we
had another Canadian Muslim plead guilty
to terrorism in New York so this is not
some obscure idea this is a real-life
war the Canada itself is in these are
cops asking questions of illegal
migrants it's it's shocking to me that
this would be seen as too politically
correct it that's sort of what the job
of police is that's actually the primary
job don't you think you make a good
point here this is not like interviewing
someone say in a consulate in Europe
where they coming in of their own will
these are people who entered Canada
illegally and knowingly so and so
they're under arrest
therefore there's all the more freedom
for the police let's find out who is
this in in their hands this is not a
legal market this isn't illegal
so yes the there are three great
ideological forces of the modern world
fascism communism and Islam's fascism
and communism fortunately not quite as
strong as they used to be they're fairly
marginal Islamism is now the great world
force we need to protect ourselves
everybody needs to protect himself you
know when I travel to the United States
and I'm you know Canadian I've got the
nexus Pass which means I've actually
voluntarily fingerprinted myself and
undergone a deep background check I
still am quizzed by US border police
what do I do for a living where am I
going you questions that if a Canadian
cop were to ask me those things I might
say none of your business if I was
feeling argumentative but if I'm asking
to be a guest in a foreign country just
a visitor just in for a few days I feel
you know I I've never been invasively
grilled but I understand I'm not an
American I don't have legal rights to go
there same with these folks except for
they're looking to come permanently
and their very first act is to come in
illegally on purpose I don't know why a
Muslim migrant who is kicked out of
America who's sneaking into Canada
should be grilled any less diligently
than I am what I'm going on a business
trip or a family vacation to Florida
couldn't agree more
you said it very well all right we're
having an agreement party here but Ralph
Goodale disagrees that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
