first had a stroke back in 28th for May
last year after about three weeks he
went to Headley court he was there for
nearly 11 months
he's very limited speech he can say a
couple of words but he gets very
frustrated because it's not words that
he wants to say that come out yeah yeah
what you trying to say that so what's it
like living with Chris well you can
basically say two words at a time which
they don't think will improve so I have
good days and bad days where he's very
depressed cries a lot he's up and down
he just wants to die he signals by
putting his hand across his throat he'd
lost all the use of his right side of
his body he can do a few steps with a
stick but there's not what much use in
his arm
they don't think a lot of that's going
to come back in the arm
I understand Chris was in a navy can you
tell me a bit about his military history
Chris served in the Navy for 34 years
and he finished his last seven years as
a chief um since he's come home from
Headley call I've haven't found that
I've had a lot of support I've had to
deal with most things myself even though
he's still in the Navy now and he hasn't
been accepted for a medical discharge
which means the pension he does get
he'll have to play tax on I understand
they're now forcing you from the home
yeah
so we've already had an eviction notice
for that we've had a letter from the
military as well to vacate the housing
on the 27th of October the day Chris
actually comes out but they have sent me
a letter now saying that they won't
start court proceedings until the 27th
of January which basically I don't know
where we're going to end up what's what
overall impression of how the military
has treated your family I'm just shocked
with the treatment Chris's had from
being in the service the 34 years just
to have all that help it Headley to come
out and to go to nothing somebody even
rang me up to say that you couldn't wear
his Chiefs uniform on the last day which
he stood and cried when I told him
there's just been no compassion all the
way through and I'm just shocked after
34 years of service for his country so
let's just recap Chris has served for
four years for the Navy
why find outrageous here in the story
find outrageous he should have a
medically discharged if he was medically
discharged he wouldn't had to pay tax on
his pension
he'd had a higher pension he served his
last seven years as a chief he should
have had his medical discharge as a
chief instead they drop him down a pay
grade to save money they leave him sat
in a house to end out his career tonight
we have rather the medically discharged
him and then on top of that this family
having to worry that they're going to be
made homeless they're going to be booted
out of their home at the start of
January that is not any way to serve a
man who served our country for four
years I want to make this address to
Admiral Sir Philip Jones you're the head
of the Navy if this happened to you if
you had a stroke would you be treated
like this would you not be medically
discharged would you be crowned the
scrappie would you be getting kicked out
of your home what you begin to hold all
of these things and if you're not happy
about that what do you think about a man
who served you you served our country
serves for you 34 years this is where we
need I need the public's support in this
this where we need your support
Chris that's his next meeting they have
a meeting on the 16th of October I want
you to sign a petition in this petition
we are demanding demanding that Chris is
giving his medical discharge so that he
gets more pension more of a pension
money should enough pay taxes its
pension there's no way Chris has been
fit to work in the last 18 months so he
should have been medically discharged
all we're asking for what is that is
that that's right that's all we're
asking for
he said we medically discharged and also
but the family given guarantee that
they're not going to be kicked out of
this home and made homeless then they
can't afford to pay that's not going to
happen
if you want to support Chris and his
family then go to the website help Chris
code at UK and if this petition doesn't
work if these these problems aren't
sorted then you'll see the start of a
campaign if you want to get behind that
campaign and follow us show us some
support go to help Chris
