we've got it
this is the venue this is going to be
the home of the table officers show the
biggest problem I thought we'd have is
finding a venue but we found one and
we've been running this campaign many of
you had an own ask him for your support
to help us so we can set up our own show
a daily show or we can bring you the
news that the media don't report come on
in this is a this is great for me it's
exciting
we've just not free in fact my
brother-in-law over there he he smashed
four earlier so this is going to be into
what this will be our editing suite and
as you can see we need a lot of work so
I'm bringing you and we're gonna be
doing updates like this where we'll show
you where what stage we're at where your
money's going we we rely on the people
to set this up we've aligned the people
for everything we do for the public
support we don't have mass in those pots
of money you got the BBC and these are
organizations and they all lie to anyway
they will lie in to anyways so come on
in
we'll go through this room will be a
we're gonna get a poll right here
this will be a room where we have a
individual interview so maybe two seats
know what Reuben report we're not going
to copy it that you've completely copier
but similar setup to the Reuben report
so we can have guests in so we can have
guests we can sit down and talk you know
the people that the media won't touch
the people that you at home the British
public want to hear from you want to
hear their stories then will tell you
their stories in this room and I'm
showing you the before so we can do the
before and after we know the works time
when everything's finish you can see
before and after you can see where your
money's going come on
yeah and this is Lucy's room it's very
loose you'll be having the cooker loose
we're gonna get you a new cooker loose
don't worry okay we'll get you a new
cooker but yeah this is where Lucille
make us lunch and dinner and make the
cups of tea this will be the home of the
Tony Robinson show which is why I'm so
happy you're helping me do it it's
buzzing absolutely buzzing come in this
wall here this whole wall here is gonna
be knocked down it's going to be taken
out a meter and a half to make the room
wider and then we build us it we build
our set which will take up this whole
room and obviously look you understand
that we have a lot of security issues
this is definitely a potential terrorist
target so we're gonna need to spend a
lot of money on security in him a lot
money we're looking at I was looking at
bulletproof rooms from a bulletproof
safety room but all of these things
everything even just build knocking the
walls out even just extending it it all
costs money it all costs money the
security doors
everything will cost money the cameras
which is we've had this campaign on the
go at first I said it'll be a hundred
thousand pounds to get this set up and
going we've reached nowhere near that we
need your help I need your help
and I'm asking if you have anything can
you can support us I'll show you where
your money's going you'll get to see
where it's going you'll get to see what
we're building what we're developing and
at the end of this so I think impossibly
six weeks time we're gonna have the
Tommy Robinson show now even just how
much that's going to piss off the
lefties and piss off our opposition and
not just that we get to bring you the
news the real news not this media agenda
I'm not you've seen what happen the BBC
saying how they're gonna tarnish
everyone far right we'll be the
alternative media we already are if you
have a look at the viewers of our last
video over two and a half million people
the mainstream media debt they debt but
to do this to pay the bills we have six
employees now six employees now and I
want to build this help us if you know
support you want to help to go to Tommy
Robinson calm and you'll be able to see
you'll be able to see it start middle
and the end where we're at and a finish
set tell your business show coming soon
you
