my Harvey Weinstein be one of the worst
sexual predators in US history I think
it just might be I'm gonna tell you why
yet like we don't know this but I have
extensive experience with these types of
crimes after law enforcement I was a
partner of the National Center for
Missing and Exploited Children I also
sat on a taskforce didn't mean by all 50
state attorneys general out of Harvard
Law School our mission was to find and
stop sexual predators in online
communities I learned a ton I also saw
some things I wish I could unsee so when
I read the victim accounts from
Weinstein's victims I read them through
the lens of experience and what I'm
reading are accounts that are very
consistent and very credible and in an
investigation consistency and
credibility are key I believe these
women and I believe that Weinstein is a
really really bad guy I put him on par
with serial pedophile Jeffrey Epstein
now I am NOT suggesting implying or
alleging that Harvey Weinstein molested
children I am NOT there is zero evidence
of that but it's similarities to Epstein
are nearly identical in the way they
used their wealth and power to find to
groom to control to assault and then
ultimately shame and silence victims
guys like that with a lot of money and a
lot of power with those nefarious
criminal deviant leanings are very very
dangerous people I was really glad when
I read Ronin Pharaohs expose in The New
Yorker the New Yorkers left-leaning as
his Pharaoh they don't go after a guy
like Weinstein lightly or comfortably
and Pharaohs family was Hollywood
royalty his mom was Mia Farrow is Mia
Farrow and I'm not implying anything but
he looks a lot like Frank Sinatra let's
just leave that there his stepdad was
Woody Allen who took off with his
teenage sister soon he Previn family
knows a thing or two about deviant
sexual behavior but fara did a great job
as a reporter in this piece he has
victim upon victim upon victim coming
forward among them Mira Sorvino the
actress these are not just Hollywood
nobodies these aren't up and comers
trying to make it Mira Sorvino won an
Academy Award Angelina Jolie has come
forward against Weinstein when if
Paltrow has come forward against
Weinstein as has Ashley Judd major major
names now there's a case depicted in
pharaoh's article of an actress named
Umbra Maddalena Gutierrez who Weinstein
grope he groped her breasts and to give
her tickets to a play he was producing
the next night only she didn't go to the
play she went to the NYPD and while
sitting with Special Victims Unit
detectives there was a phone call
between Gutierrez and Weinstein the
detectives convinced her to wire up and
meet Weinstein at his hotel the next
night and on the wire
they got him admitting to groping her
she stopped short of going in the hotel
room I don't blame her the detectives
wanted a prosecution they wanted to
arrest and have Weinstein prosecuted but
Liberal Democrat Manhattan da Cyrus
Vance refused now ask yourself why would
he refuse the suggestions of the best
detectives in the world and
investigating sex crimes I don't know
but I do question it for this reason
as a Liberal Democrat in democratic New
York City he's beholden to the
democratic party machine a party machine
to which Weinstein donates a lot of
money
he's beholding the big-name National
Democrats for endorsements big name
national Democrats to whom Weinstein
donates a lot of money so while I'm not
saying that da Vance threw the case I'm
saying that sure begs some questions the
victims deserve it
now it's unfortunate because most of the
victims coming forward are outside the
statute of limitations it's expired
Weinstein can't be prosecuted for what
he did to them but a guy like Weinstein
doesn't just stop
a guy like Weinstein keeps going
Weinstein was probably acting this way
until the day he was exposed the day he
was fired from the company he founded
and that's maybe the only positive in
this I hate to even use that word
because those victims the new victims
are within the statute of limitations
and if they come forward Weinstein can
be prosecuted for what he did to them my
experience tells me they will because
multi-millionaire Hollywood celebrities
have come forward these women now have
cover they can come forward and not face
Weinstein's wrath he's too exposed right
now he's too vulnerable so if any of
these women are victims and were afraid
to come forward now is the time now is
the right time for them to do so and
shame on the men in Hollywood guys like
George Clooney and Matt Damon who most
certainly knew at Weinstein was doing
because he never hid it they partied
with him they worked with him and they
said nothing they protected their
paychecks and they played the game while
they knew women were being raped
or I should say I feel they knew women
were being raped but I think we all know
what went on there it is absolutely
disgusting
but I expect no less from Hollywood this
is the same Hollywood that has been
cheering pedophile Roman Polanski for
decades and in 2003 gave them an Academy
Award and a standing ovation
it is absolutely disgraceful it turns my
stomach
if this content get you as fired up as
it gets me if you find that as important
as I do please subscribe to a premium
service at www
Cardillo we'll be back with you tomorrow
thanks for watching
you
