you have to realize this guy not is is
he only one of the top producers in the
city and producer one great film after
another but he's also a major major
Democrat donor so you have people
describing how Barack Obama would give a
speech and then the first person whose
hand he would shake when he came off the
stage would be Harvey Weinstein if
you're a woman you know given any range
of power except maybe the very very most
powerful woman in Hollywood if you're a
woman who's been assaulted even raped
and and you're dealing with a guy whose
power base includes the press includes
the Hollywood elite and includes the
President of the United States you're
not really feeling like oh yeah I'm
gonna go and tell my story and
everybody's gonna hear me and listen to
me
so the entire system is built to keep
the silence and I you know I I don't I
don't consider women heroic for coming
forward now but I certainly understand
why they didn't come forward before and
to me I have to tell you it says
something about men you know it says
something about the men the only guy I
admire in this at all is Brad Pitt oddly
enough because when his girlfriend at
the time Gweneth Paltrow came and told
him that that Harvey Weinstein had
abused her and put his hands on her pit
approached him at a movie premiere and
said keep your hands off my girlfriend I
wish a nut more men who had that kind of
protective feeling toward women I wish
more men were saying hey you know this
is not the way we allow guys to treat
women in this town but instead it was
working just the opposite I think you
know one of my big beefs against
feminism is that it tells men that it's
sexist for them to feel they need to
feel protective toward women so all
you're left with after that is you're
left with Harvey Weinstein and you're
left with all the men are too weak to
stand up to him yeah and I think that
like I think that's part of the system
to a view like that sign up for my show
every day click on the screen to
subscribe
you
