morning everyone
we'll start from the star simply miss
Michelle Keegan's on the front page
that's it and the widow's wiped down
this is the story of Sally de slack
forgetting and Donald's on his way
Donald Trump is coming to the UK he will
come to Britain next year but this is
gonna you know how embarrassing it's
going to be it's like everything else
it's like that Columbia University thing
the left and all these they were going
to get triggered so bad they'd be out on
the streets completely embarrassed in
our country Kri extreme that Trump
should not be given a royal reception
after far enough taunting tweets to the
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan now that's
not how it went though Trump reacted to
Sadiq Khan after Sadiq Khan was so
outspoken and so rude well we'll be
there to welcome you Donald follow Liam
my boy bear can speak to Ning goes what
is wrong with celebrities is talking
your son seven months old him he can't
speak yeah you think he speaks English
and Spanish
that's incredible language skills come
off the strip town baby said his sub was
following his parents footsteps with his
love of singing it can't speak Spanish
for everyone those are Isis widows wiped
out sallied a slag his one so this Sally
Sally had a partner called her sane and
he was actually I was message tweeting
both of them it's 2014
they were messaging me and I was and her
higher partner because she used to be in
the rock band so I said how does it fit
I think I miss you back saying how does
it feel so this is her saying yeah how
does it feel to know that half the
country rooted out you're mrs. hashtag
Sally the slag now in response to that I
then was at the gym I was at the gym and
then I was at the gym and then the chief
respective Bishop police rang me up said
where are you I'm in the gym he said
where's the gym I said where I was he
said wait there I'm on my way he's come
down he's gone you're in London on
Friday I said yeah he said well we've
intercepted your coordinates map
Coordinates where you going to be in
tweaks from Junaid Hussain that's her
husband
it must've been that bitter that I
called her Sally the slag from
Junaid Hussain so he's now dead but from
Jeanette we've intercepted your tweet I
said okay well so what he said well
we're asking you not to go and then he
said that and he goes he goes Tommy
listen there's 450 Isis fighters have
come back but really like in my flight I
said yeah I need them back you let them
back I didn't learn back so now that
you've let all these 450 trained killers
and terrorists Junaid Hussain and Sally
the slags friends now they're back you
want to tell me where I can and can't go
and that's not how I see this working
anyway but that's it but now Sally's
dead sir Sally's dead so one less lag in
the world
she's been blown up four months ago so
I'm gonna say it's the second time she
died because I first heard she died a
lot a few months back but yeah think
about this for a second yeah so she had
a son Joe Joe Joe Joe is now 12 years
old she had him lot of janae the same so
she had a son with another of an English
man before she converted and turned into
a radical jihadist terrorist so with us
with her son that poor sons dad she took
the son and disappeared out Syria so the
boys doubt is still here now that a
terror of video come out of his son when
he was 10 executing someone shooting him
dead in the head shooting a Kurdish man
in the head so that boys that not just
his dad but his grandparents they're all
still in England they're all innocent
they're all just normal English people
and they've had they've had to sit there
and watch all of this and now now they
know she's dead they're 12 loads haven't
way you look at because there's talk say
was the 12 all blown up as well he's at
the age of 12 he's been killing people
since he's 10 executing people this is
probably one the kids that are certain
people in our country we want to welcome
in I will bring him in now I'm put them
in school next your child this little 12
over being school next your kid soon if
certain people in our country get their
way now of migrant survivors of the grim
flow of fire tragedy
we'll get the chance to become permanent
residents of bread why why why you're
here illegally they broke the law
they're here illegally there was a fire
that doesn't mean you should get amnesty
but that means you should get a house
there's
so many other people hook up as you come
before word these people I'm not I'm
sorry but some people say it's not very
simp fake no it's not I'm sympathetic to
the English and British people they're
sleeping on the streets that starving
they're cold
dying and mum had to make her cry and
stand on the bus because the last
pushchair space was taken up by a cat in
a pram budget firstly said the instant
is being investigate a cat in a frame
man this is another one it'll annoy me
you know you and I me do not go to the
boy on holiday do not give them your
money do not go to Turkey do not go to
Egypt do not go to these countries a
Brit facing prison over claims you
indecently touch the business so this
British blokes 27 years old
they've just sentenced to know him to a
month in prison for being drunk in Dubai
okay I've been to the boy three times
that's before all of this before that my
political activism if you want to call
it that I went there years ago everyone
gets drunk in the body everyone gets
drunk once when the hotels are part in
it let's drink everywhere nightclubs
mass prostitute clubs the boys got all
this you know the boy the centre where
they've trumped end all this religious
nonsense it's only when they want to use
it against you they use it other than
that if one's what everyone's on the
drink and drugs out there everyone this
is what he was up for sentencing ways
looking at three years he's brushed past
a bloke in the club which happened to be
a Muslim bloke so he's not passed him
the Muslim blokes then this is what
happened what happened to you the Muslim
blokes put in a complaint for me to the
religious police and he's been nicked
and he's looking at three years for
putting his hand on the Muslim bloke as
he as he didn't even knock his drink
over that's what's happening thank God a
boy and now a poor man's been sentenced
to a month in prison it's cost him
32,000 pounds so far in legal fees and
living expenses 32 grannies lost his job
she'll ever read it the dear theory I've
been me at the Sun did I
funniest one I ever read yeah I still
remember it now there's a schoolboy
bogan they said that this girl she's
really attractive she sit next to him in
a school class and she's sitting next to
him and she start rubbing him under the
table and then once he gets a hard-on
she'd go oh she stood up screaming at
him so it's a look
as a proper station this goes to show
again after liberals scoffed at the idea
of a flood of Romanians and Bulgarians
will guess what we've got nearly half a
million in the country now and this is
of goods because it's pointing out all
the people like Nick Robinson yo Nick
Robinson a little bald bloke who looks
like Penfold out Danger Mouse
who's always on BBC news well well so
much for these predictions of a flood of
immigrants coming from Romania and
Bulgaria once a door to UK was open no
you were wrong Nick you just go through
channel 4 news well they were obviously
wrong oh just say it's always the same
labour always the same from the same
background the same people always the
BBC was pushing this big agenda and that
there's that you're racist if you say
anything remember Nigel Farrar getting
absolutely slighted because he said you
want to attend Romanian men living in
the house next door sure remember more
than 400,000 Romanian Bulgarian citizens
now living him in brim a number almost
equal to the population of Bristol
student doctor is convicted of indecent
assault after grabbed lover too hard and
bit he's come back some but lassies
pulled or their mate they licked they're
dating and they started having some
sexual sex which they both accepted she
she she accepts dispensation phase grab
dirt it's too hard
yeah he's grabbed her hips whilst he's
banging her now he's done now he's on
the sex offenders register as I made
laughs the victim a health care worker
Burton misse-x asked krita's not grab
her breasts however he groped her
breasts Weiss the woman who cannot be
identified legal reasons decided to go
to the police after discussing the
incident with friends and family oh come
on man come on the keys on the sex
offenders register for premiere tips for
getting a bit forgetting a bit carried
away during sex this pond the sex
offender in five years told to carry a
180 hours of community service in order
to pay 2,000 pound
I'm sorry but that is bullshit I'm sorry
but that's nonsense Richard Branson said
yesterday he believed Britain will
rejoin the European Union because brexit
voters are dying off it's where they're
saying that cuz a lot of old people were
passed away that would avoid brixi well
they want a second ever referendum cuz
vote leavers are dying Sir Richard
Branson thinks bricks it was the saddest
thing that's ever happened to Great
Britain you know not I near the
tragedies of the world wars not only the
loss of life breaks it could cause go
Street you because it doesn't affect you
does it Richard Branson's living on your
virgin fantasy oil and wherever it is
you live it doesn't affect you none of
the problems affect you
and here you are talking aren't man how
annoying that these people another one
not the hypocrisy man doing this is the
man who's responsible for bringing the
pension age up to 67 guess what you just
retired at 61 it's just a pity it's just
an absolute piss take it's an absolute
libby civil servant responsible for
increasing the state pension ages six
seven as announces retirement age 61 how
does how is that how can he do that
you've made it so every other person has
to work to her 67 that's what you've
done you're responsible for that and yet
you think you can just one-off at age 61
get so much as pensioners of our money
taxpayers make as much pension he's got
1.8 million pound eighty-five thousand
pound every single year 250 grand that
front payment the whole painters
hypocrites everywhere
says me who told you not to go to buy
and I've been there three times
don't go seriously I went there before
I'm gonna sign off because how we've
been asking you to help us set up a show
that Tommy Robinson to show well we have
a venue and we're gonna go there now I'm
gonna video it so you can all see before
the work starts before the clear out
begins that before the are the jury and
the after and then on say a special
thank you to everyone who's helped
support so far and enables to want some
support and wants to help us get up and
running we're not the BBC we don't have
access to billions of pounds or even
millions pounds or even hundreds of
thousands paths we don't have it we are
a grassroots media outlet journalist
tonight now
media rally and we need your help so if
you can help us go - Tommy Robinson calm
let's get it up and running
get this media shot on the road thank
you very much if you want to help with
the construction in the studio or you
want your name on the brick in the new
studio go to Tom Robinson com
