walnut as is the daily routine no I'm
gonna go for the papers but I'll try and
hopefully find her a bit more like hide
kidnap girl reveals all she's gonna win
she know that just on the front pages as
a girl that was kidnapped down in Italy
JA what she's a good-looking girl she
was a model she was kidnapped
good Anya uses music as much as you can
for exposure money do your finger and
you look great another key
the Green Party the Green Party we
introduce a national bank holiday to
celebrate migrants it would make the
first Monday of the Jew d'etre second a
public holiday
they wouldn't have one person George's
day we jump will have anything to
celebrate in who we are or anything to
do of us let's celebrate
all the immigrants who have come here
groomed loads of girls you know just so
much to celebrate
Gordon nice change chef tells rival
stick to cook him Jamie Oliver Jamie
Oliver though he is is one of that it on
those pretty on the way to work small
you're wired I went to a pet relation of
bought a sausage and black pudding
decent as well sausage and black pudding
involved in he makes you feel bad about
delete email if I want to eat fat shitty
food Jamie only and just stop making me
feel bad doctor make me feel guilty all
the time
every time I listen to your talk which
finger shut up let's enjoy our food
because the bass this is Jamie Oliver
said if we if we vote for breaks it
he'll leave but he's another one of
these morons that said that and hasn't
left please leave take your restaurants
with you Jamie take your restaurants
with young very light bomb not cage jail
for life jail for life if you're in
America no that does not mean life this
man will probably do a minimum of 15
years solves nothing you see these
stories when you read this proof in yes
we've got another one off the street
no you added that to their capabilities
of recruiting within the prison system
that's all he's going to be doing he's
not gonna be in there getting bullied or
getting a hard time he will be in there
running that prison with the rest of
history having friends this is where we
need to really have a wake up and prison
look what whales talking earlier about
prism prisoners just not working it
doesn't work for drug drug
it doesn't work for heroin addicts it
doesn't work it doesn't help them send
them to prison it's not so open anything
for us yeah but sending these jihadis
there these terrorists say they come out
in a worse state that's my five I must
fight 802 coming out in year round close
eight hundred people that we have to
mother eight hundred people every year
from prisons so this doesn't solve it
don't anyone get excited thinking send
them a chair works we need
military-style prisons where they'd
never see the light of day again this
man is trying to blow up a train from
Birmingham to London and we're gonna let
him back out to walk around us it's just
in sunny it's in Sandy look I apologize
it let me start with an apology as this
and I shouldn't I didn't fire ok
scarcely the work we did they suggest
for the front page because it's on the
front page poster girl for terror so
here we have one of the country's most
famous Muslim women of course which
means of terrorism Muslim women
terrorists and guess what she's been out
now a couple years and she's got a top
job working in one of our camisoles top
local government post for 21-7 a
company's not just a top job but also
should have had axes and dated to people
who on the terror watch this she's the
one that comes with utter joy why
because when they when she got the job
they knew any cream records check they
didn't even Google our name they
probably just saw a good Muslim lady who
they need to blow out all the way to the
top it's just like you couldn't you
couldn't make up good job you just come
back out there she is how could you had
he go get this job because it employs a
wreck to check her out with it couldn't
have that pedo still cover up when right
atop this every time I read about this
when he Peter fold like
Cyril Smith was protected from
prosecution by lying officials who were
probably also Nazis they all lie from
they all covered it up even people all
the way to the top then watchtower of
all places they just carried on from one
from all dirty old white pedophile Nazis
and hide in it to dirty P far Muslim
launches and hiding it that's been the
whole catalog for rock right in Rochdale
from the council and the people at the
top a g8 ADHD kids just immature
yeah just naughty little shit and made
of made a phrase offering basically
badly behaved school kids might not be
suffering from ADHD they might just be
immature take that now they invent all
these names for everything now a
medication for everything I've give the
kids loads of meds
give them this given this it's not
eating fit this poop Prime Minister's
wore on race bias only 32% of poorer
white British pupils on free school
meals here expected grades white
teenagers almost four times more likely
to be smokers this is not to do with
racial bias well you think that people
you think well you still think in 2017
in Britain try living in Lua know that
you think people don't get the job
because they're black so what you think
that they're choosing people cuz they're
not black so when you see this they're
trying to say you can't get jobs because
you're a veteran minorities the
equalities that inequality or some
qualities Act of 2010 actually made it
so it's legal for them to discriminate
against white straight men aren't me
because I'm and hire if we look more
noise and we see this all the time
receive BBC jobs advertised only for
ethnic minorities we see all this on and
then here you are trying out maker and
joy white working-class kids are the
biggest underachievers in our education
system the biggest underachievers not
ethnic minorities and other ones failed
in schools anymore go to the
universities go to the college's see
what's for lock all definitely on
minorities because they're allowed to
fit and I for I'd say this is because
they're allowed to feel proud in who
they are in their identity all ethnic
minorities are told to film senator
celebrate their identity and we're not
so our kids are walking around lost I
don't know who they are they don't know
where they come from and that is the
reason I'd say why they're failing at
most things and that's why they're all
talking Jim African there's no each then
talk anymore there's no cochlear
honestly it's Jim Africa all the white
boys are talk about their black
everyone's lost their identity I don't
know who they are I don't know what it
is to be English they have no idea and
that's from as from a left-wing cultural
Marxist education system while still do
most Wars
wife still do most chores while men take
it easy just ask my wife
oh I'm proper like I've never even made
a bacon sandwich I've never made
anything
oh so bad at it I refuse to even cups of
tea you not come back with that well
we're going going my house put the cat
and I'll make a cup of tea no Lucy magna
cum fee it allows the cup of tea but my
wife said before she goes work they can
run a cup of tea baby that's just me
though police captain Wow here go
silence
whose watch my um where I interview the
BBC journalists of the football as
alliance demonstration where he said
that he would categorize supporters as
far-right if they wanted to per limit on
immigration that equates to far-right
this is what we're up against so Angela
Merkel briefs the cap number of
immigrants Angela Merkel's far-right
according to the BBC according to the
BBC reporter and she has agreed to plan
to limit the number of migrants in the
country you see what happens with the
AFD scene with the AFD gaining mass
votes then it pushes them which is what
I always had which is why I was so
gutted about amory wars family waters
would have gotten with you Kim well it's
not it's not thinking that she's ever
going around the country she what she's
gonna do his NIC votes when she Nick's
folks from labour and they see it but
you're Nick's folks from the
Conservatives and they see it they're
forced to move and shift their politics
which is what we hope for that's the
goin
that's was happily Merkel according to
above BBC should be far-right
just what they label and bracket all of
you people at home as following so I'm
gonna do now anyone who saw the videos
from last night we've been watch what
went on last night where Phil Campion
decided to throw me under the bus for
political correctness I'm now going to
wring Phil I'm gonna wring Phil ex-sas
Phil see where he is and see if he's up
Amina
if you'd like to help us out the Tom
Robinson show please go to Tommy
robinson calm and give us your support
