g'day on mark Latham and G's you've got
a wonder what these big corporations are
thinking when they get stuck into
politics have a look at this that I
received in my email inbox just the
other day from iTunes owned by Apple
they're saying yes to equality this is
their intervention in the Australian
same-sex marriage debate yes to equality
and let love be your guide with a
playlist of empowering songs that
promote acceptance and equality well
isn't that just beautiful maybe they had
in mind the great John Paul Young all
the love is in the air take it away JP
why
now that is a song of love great we all
love John Paul Young their love is in
the air you can't beat it
an Australian classic but have a look at
what else they're promoting in this
advertisement via email they're
promoting a book to read Benjamin law
quarterly essay advocating for the Safe
Schools program does that people really
do its research when these outfits get
into politics it's all half-baked that's
all ham-fisted that I like what they're
supporting here Safe Schools is not a
program of love it's a program of
Marxism it's radical gender theory part
of Safe Schools program is for 14 year
old kids to do an exercise in class
where they pretend they're Martians
coming to earth for the first time
without a penis or a vagina what sort of
education is that no penis no vagina to
get into radical gender theory the
founder of the Safe Schools program Rose
Ward has said the program is not about
bullying
it's about Marxism with a strategy to
change society have a look at this
there's the quote it's about changing
society through Marxism and it's not a
program where Benjamin law is writing
about love Benjamin Laura's example of
burning hatred in our society here in
Australia law read it out sometimes find
myself wondering if I'd hate F uck
that's right F uck all the anti-gay MPs
in Parliament if it meant they got the
homophobia out of their system that's
been German law hate-filled hateful D
went on to speculate about the MPs that
he quite fancied for this equivalent of
gay rape hate effing really hate effing
so iTunes and Apple you've got to have a
good look at yourself you're supporting
something here that's not about love not
about equality it's about hate and
Marxism
and why oh why would a big corporation
be supporting and endorsing Marxism
Marxism that would smash their profits
that would confiscate their assets that
would nationalize the whole company for
goodness sake Apple if you don't know
what you're talking about stay out of
politics leave it to people who do if
they're around these big companies do
themselves no good with these hopeless
tips to get into politics when really
they should just play their music back
to you JPY goodbye Clayton for rebels
thrown any other good bait we all love
so much here and if you like that video
share it with all your friends and
family sign them up to all our rebel
Australia activities at mark Lathan's
Outsiders calm
you
