this is a non-stop crowd of people it's
huge it's huge what you see here is
definitely the biggest gathering of
people I've seen on the streets taking
the streets in protest against your hand
isn't against Islam the organization's
call football that Alliance this is
massive I think we've seen the birth
today of a huge organisation in the UK
which is historic as well cuz you've got
football fans putting away their
rivalries teams that despise each other
supporters I despise each other putting
away their rivalries for the greater
good and for the love of their country
there are tens of thousands of people
here today and this has the power to
spread across the whole of Europe with
football supporters who are already
organized joining together
and opposition to what's happening to
our country there's no Flags there's no
racism there's no chanting there's no
beer you've got a massive it is history
in the making because this is the first
time that football supporters are put
away their rivalries and combined to
give us a historic day historic day and
it's a massive movement you're seeing
the birth of a new organization people
are actively targeting and killing our
children right here in the UK I'm not
banking it up they're not caught in the
crossfire the people that went into that
arena in Manchester pacifically picked
it because there would be children there
and they would be able to kill them and
they did it Sir Winston Churchill the
cheer alone says a thousand words but he
said we shall defend our island whatever
the cost may be we shall fight on the
beaches we shall fight on the landing
grounds
wherever people are marching against
extremism or reacting against extremism
I'll be amongst them no I came from Iran
which was a secular country until 1979
and then it turned into an Islamic state
I saw they left in Iran going into bed
with the with the Islamists and then the
Islam is taking over and the first
victims of Islamist where they actually
leftist themselves like you know but
they don't seem to learn from there
he'll fill tell me because I'm here
today trying to get across the media by
us and organizations like this today
again what would you say if you hear
people of accusations of racism against
the crowd here what would I say I'd say
they're being disingenuous to themselves
because you can see here that the people
are just genuine open and nice people
that hear working-class people it just
got concerns I can't see how anyone can
look at this March and see a match of
hate a match of bigotry it's just not
it's common sense if you've got people
that want to harm civilians men women
and children the government really has
to act on that basically veterans
against terrorism formed after the
Manchester bombing I'm not the founder
the founder saw what happened at the
ariana grande concert was totally
horrified veteran of many years service
and he said we've got to do something
about this there's this talk of 23,000
jihadists who are basically lurking
about in the shadows somewhere and we
asked the government to basically act on
that and start arresting people and
taking taking people off the streets
what do you think of the accusations
people cry of racism I know that I
believe all day look a little many
people brilliant I'm glad one one
comment offending me at all because
we're trying to get past the media bias
on organizations like this the minute
they open their mouth anyway BBC news
here the only reason what we have to
come is because of how bad they are when
you describe this crowd how are you
going to describe them in your news
report well we're we're going to call
them
well you've caught what you've labeled
yourself which is an anti extremist
movement when your news report comes out
on this yes well you mentioned the word
far-right if people people have labeled
it as such then we have to wear a flag
now you you should report and reflect
what you've met in scene today
have you seen far-right demonstrators
people if people label it as such a
label use a nonce would you report your
life - is that what you do is word
association which is what all you media
- against ordinary people these are
ordinary people have come out to
demonstrate you will do word association
of racism the far right
you've got ordinary people out
demonstrating against terrorism and you
every time the mainstream leader you
brand it you brand them and it's not
fair it's not right and you know you
know that because you're on this
demonstration so you can I'm sure you
know where though those labels come from
you have you know time calls for tighter
immigration that is a right-wing
rhetoric so calls for tighter
immigration against Islamic terrorism is
a right-wing rhetoric in fact the Labor
Party said talk about immigration title
controls on the immigration everyone
does what you mean avoid wing marry
how's that people would say that that is
like so because so because this group
talks about terrorism and talk about
controlling borders that means they're
far right it's a far-right yeah they
could be this is well again
this is BBC so if someone identifies as
what is the stuff Islamic terrorism and
controlling your borders its far-right
it will be labeled as such by people
like you but if my opinion is absolutely
invalid it's about getting your
reporting for the BBC you're lying for
the BBC you are officially fake news and
you're demonizing so many innocent
people you make it impossible for people
to talk and you do that you're cured
that's who you are you're here to try
and get bad footage that's why you're
here
that's your agenda you haven't generated
with the media you have a complete
agenda when you come to these
demonstrations and you usually don't
even report if you can't get any bad
footage of today if you can't get
violence you don't know not unless not
unless far-left demonstrators are
allowed to get up and throw things at
people which is what usually happens so
if the police want to stick to the
organization up which we see time and
time again then we'll see but you all
part the problem if you like that and
you want to see more click like and
subscribe
you
