Pepperdine University is a how it's
called Pepperdine Pepperdine in Malibu
California they had a beautiful Columbus
statue there they got in 1992 to
celebrate one of the most incredible
human beings of all time 1400s he's
discovering North America back I think
before there was wood so I don't know
what his boat was made of and the
students of this school decide I don't
know their logic they decide they wish
he never came here and they want the
statue removed it gets removed and you
show up the next day to replace it do we
have photos of this John unbelievable
this is that what happened if I got the
story right what happened next yeah more
or less well I should say you know I was
contacted by a few students a small
conservative minority part of this
Praeger force Club part of Prager
University at Pepperdine University and
they called me this and can we do
something in response to this you know
there's a huge push to remove the statue
they've been pushing for years the
university finally caved in and just
ripped out this beautiful artwork from
the center of their campus they're like
Julian can we do something can you help
us so my team and fragran University and
I sort of collaborated with them and we
decided the best thing to do when
someone rips how beautiful art was
proven more art in its place so we did
this you know live performance aren't we
replaced they're you know motionless
statue with a real-life Columbus that
was me and and we actually got a lot of
support from the students I mean it's a
beautiful area by the campus where kids
can chill out and talk to each other
there's benches there and of course in
about half an hour and we got
journalists from the school as soon as
the journalists were there the for
university administrators showed up
someone from the spiritual life office
you know our social life office that's
that that name alone makes me mad first
year I mean it wouldn't give me a
business card they refused to be
photographed or videotaped this is like
secret police vibes and they talked to
us for a few minutes and they said you
know we'd like you to leave and I said
excuse me you kicking me off campus they
said oh wait no we're not doing that and
then a to campus police showed up that
had obviously been called by the
administrators and they escorted me off
campus like right to the very edge three
patrol cars you know I understand a
Hitler statue you have Jewish people
there they're grand for
others were killed and I'm you yeah I
guess I get that but even that you might
be able to make an emigrant but you know
there's Mouse statues all over China
he killed 70 million people when you
have a statue it doesn't necessarily
mean that everyone around it condones
every single thing this person did 400
years ago right 600 years ago sorry it
just means this was a consequential
figure who's relevant to our modern
society here's a statue of him it's
bizarre 100 percent I mean Columbus was
not a perfect man he was flawed like all
men are and it's okay to have that
conversation we actually said that to
the administrators we said you know
we're happy to have this dialogue
they're all that dialogue how can you do
that when you're literally kicking us
off campus this is our work that's meant
to be provocative meant to spark a
conversation but at the core of the
opposition I think you know this very
well Gavin the core the opposition to
the Columbus statue it's not about
Christopher Columbus per se it's about
Western values and American values and I
work with Prager University all the time
to promote American values to say this
is the freest country in the history of
the world you know you and I are
immigrants right we were born in Canada
we made our way to the United States for
a reason we want to venerate those
American values the values that made
this country great the left on campus
hates that yeah you're right the subtext
there is anti-western it's also anti
white male we're talking to scott career
who has that new book no campus for
white men and there's some real sort of
anti white male 'no sin there too and
you think well if you hate these guys so
much you want to erase them from history
I'm not sure you'll have a campus left
if you remove every brick associated
with the patriarchy you're not gonna
have any bricks you dummies right and I
guarantee you at Pepperdine when they
remove the statue there were kids
wearing Che Guevera shirts you know no
doubt someone went to class that day at
Che Guevera shirt well he's Hispanic
he's from Argentina
Joanne we really appreciate what you're
doing and I think little acts like this
are they may seem inconsequential but
they are a crucial way to fight back
cause they're fun they're colorful
they're humorous and they expose the
hypocrisy of these fascists
you
