every week is a paper that is proud of
the Boise City for all the city lots of
certain fashionable suburbs a bachelor
practice those parts of town beyond what
some people might call the let a turtle
booster live which is why it's such a
natural home I think for marks columns
to appear in the end on the raft and why
it is so great today to watch this book
which has so many of these great columns
three two covers in one place for us all
to go back and peruse and enjoy and also
marvel I think at some of the personal
Cassidy within within these pages
because on top of them at the topic
whether it's local issues traffic and
planning the impact policies that often
define high levels of immigration with
low levels of forethought or that sort
of thing or natural or international
issues what kind of time again if you
use the phrase hits the mark I was
actually flipping through the book
yesterday and I was used to revisit some
of his columns pretty one that he
published on October 11th last year and
wrote that everything's coming up trumps
now he was like where
the entirety of the Australian
commentary was long including many
syllable experts and our universities
and other places that that are
supposedly experts on American policy
and marks predictions of the in search
of nature of politics in the West I
think continue to come true and I've
spoken looking about by imagine that
everything from the German elections to
the recent events in Catalonia probably
fit this pattern as well but it's not
all these national power politics or
electric values with mark or the threats
to the these values that come from
political correctness in elsewhere at
heart mark is really about City and this
book is about city and not just either
city but all the city greater city
western city these places where
individuals of cultures jostle up
against one another puppyhood
yes one other and compete for space and
opportunity and often had an
infrastructure but they share the same
dream of opportunity and an egalitarian
in life in Australia these are people
who do the jobs run businesses that make
a great travel some and you mark in so
many ways represents with his columns
every Tuesday and the other telegraph so
on behalf of the graph a bunch of
gradually mark on this book or on this
they have to work and this fantastic
collection but also graduated such a
powerful do not take the voice for our
community
thank you James thank you very much
James and Mark you just people made on
the journey to indicate why the program
was in the past in school terms and when
when Richard got sick there was all this
debate at skies too so as a result of
the fact that they believe is relevant
there were so convinced that Lathan will
sell out radiuses in any last two
programs at the most that importantly
and genatech all the journals of care so
four months of months ago Carol there
were impossible you did go ahead
debating and then suddenly there was no
other but nonetheless this is
computability here today firstly back up
I'm deeply honored that did you ask me
devotional I make that comment with all
sincerity and in what I had to say
nothing I say that they will be original
because I've just dug into the book and
I thought I'd take this opportunity to
share some of what is quintessentially
lame
could essentially like we should welcome
I suppose the agency
sure here in numbers and expressing to
get respectable and honorable mention in
the book but as I've said in forward
there's no holding back
and we are at the point now where the
spends time has arrived no one speaks no
one no one speaks more eloquently more
persuasively and more powerfully for the
outsiders
in contemporary society than the stand
if I sit in a four-bedroom box rights
and her sisters
no wonder the to many of his readers or
viewers of my clients Outsiders his
words like rain in the desert lightning
in darkness and it's also why so many in
power power maintained by spin and the
suit hating and wish that extra venom
produced by Fiat well he defines the
outside in his own forward at the book
and he talks about that as people
citizens he said didn't make up their
own minds and set their own babies and
behave the way they see fit in a free
society who are they
well he said they're a nice verses every
man in geography says inner-city snobs
versus down-to-earth practical people in
the suburbs and the regions which he's
in handle it and they will walk away and
they've been ashamed of where his roots
he talks in his own forward about the
cultural war that we're fighting and
there are so many of them here
single-handedly thought that comfortable
or southern over here today you are the
rear victors it's been very difficult
times in the new Australia he talks
about the cultural we find the struggle
to the fed and he says and preserve the
best of Western civilization he talks
about the identity left wanting to wipe
out the gains of the 17th century
Michael Murray who defines what those
gains are the creation of meritocracy
we no longer appointed in contemporary
society on the basis of merit the
creation of meritocracy the universal
application of free speech people are
just terrified to say what they feel and
what they believe the use of observable
truths in guiding social progress
he said Australian as we do to the
country to let the left-wing
we we like he says the aliens
desperately think you do make me laugh I
think that Marxist or really seriously
call the time really best people up go
but bunnies of his language can be very
very humorous Papa but I think he
understands exactly how funny is there's
one piece early in the book where he
says they're the elites desperately need
therapeutical he said overdosing on a
cocktail of soy lattes and anxiety pills
that convince themselves
traitor is an inherently bigoted country
normal people see no such thing he talks
with passion about both Whitlam can be
succeeded to the season that we're all
and many people many Australians
acknowledgement even in a postscript
Goff would have acknowledged his
weaknesses but as matt said both Whitlam
the great man scholarship dedicated his
life Mark's words to the principles of
the Age of Enlightenment Mark Latham
writing that rational evidence-based
argument could create a better than a
fear of society rational and
evidence-based could create a better and
fairer society said not only is the post
structural agenda anti reason and
science and any family it's also
anti-education it wants to abandon the
conventional process of learning through
known facts and universally established
truths creating a borderless world of
generous individuals Australia's
political leaders he said asleep walking
into an educational disaster we can't
afford to ignore this man and what he's
written this is a book that actually
ought to be in every classroom in the
country and I really challenge you today
to urge your friends and colleagues
during it in fact marketers I back mind
this stuff is to be opened up and shared
and I wanted to share some of that with
you today he talks about the new trend
that the ad
see and v hex me to judge people not by
the quality of their character or their
contribution to society and these all
his words but by the color of their skin
and the shape of their genitals he talks
about identity politics he scissors
question subdividing the community on
the basis of race gender and sexuality
building a resentment among groups
ignored by the selective nature of
identity favoritism he justifies these
views and they they win every annual
record today now so the gender equity
chapter brightly no woman wants to be
promoted on the basis of agenda no and
were Australian women are women of
impeccable merit and hath made through
these and yet there has been changed he
says how damaging is this identity
politics he doesn't miss the political
parties I liberal labor in the grains he
says they found the government agencies
which are culturally at war with
suburban and regional Australia that is
undeniable under that one man said be
leaked students have be sent broken
Queensland its most a stressful
treatment and he is a man a passionate
defender of these people he said this is
not the current pilot of the society no
institution this is my Clayton that
Hector and her reign people telling us
wrong to love Australia day to wave the
flag to sing the anthem to celebrate the
virtues of our majority European
heritage mark rice Canberra can't stop
feeding the beast of public spending and
bureaucracy he says a 49 percent top
marginal tax rate that punishes
economic success and leaves small
businesspeople and professional working
in
people to work every second day for the
government I mean it does trip off the
tongue doesn't forty-nine cents in the
dollar tax but that means people are
working all January or February or March
all I come all by all germs before they
get the paper Queen this is not the
Australia that people went to war to
defend and mark exactly that power he
says and this is this true well it's
true me and I'm sure it's true but I
leave a big leader in front of me max
it's Billy then it goes by without
someone stopping me on the street and
saying man what's happening Australia we
make people these are these quoted
conversations at him we've made people
from all over the world welcome here
but now because of my skin color and my
six I'll be made to feel unwelcome he
says instead of encouraging people to
cross gender racial and sexuality
boundaries and find common cause with
their fellow citizens the left is
encouraging separatism he said how good
students get to know each other this is
my magnificent mind this man and sits
and researches and writes this is not
made up as he goes along
he said happen students get to know each
other and build trust across racial
boundaries if white kids are kicked out
of computer labs solely because of the
color of their skin
he says an unholy alliance of Marxist
academics and liberal and labor
education ministers of running the Safe
Schools program as a way of interfering
in the sexuality of our children he said
freedom of speech is under siege as the
aliens quote-unquote amis use PC
language control social media is spirit
consumer boycotts and defamation laws to
silence a parent's father Canaan is
frowning she understand
all their names he said he doesn't miss
any of the politician time Malcolm
Turnbull's would be in a world of
illusion he cites all the facts and he
said by this invent inventory outcomes
Turnbull is the most radically leftist
and divisive Prime Minister Australian
history as these massive changes swirl
around Turnbull's become a bit player
the political equivalent of a
cud-chewing cow watching the passing
traffic
this is not a hooker this is not a woman
which proclaims the weaknesses without
recognizing and prosecuting the
solutions he says to reclaim our country
we need parliamentarians willing to
implement five key reforms is it one the
smaller less intrusive government
abolish the Human Rights Commission SPS
and Marxist gender theory outfits like
our watch
I think whose terminal is the channel
about watch to the ABC must be
democratized sidelining leftist
incestuous employment cabal currently
ranked three introduced laws that
prohibit segregation in Australia there
by abolishing abominations like safe
spaces and non-white multicultural play
groups for outdoor employment practices
based on anything other than marathons
that is get rid of identity quotas in
the Australian workplace five I can hit
people in the seventh period five refuse
to fund universities and schools that
base their coursework and teaching
programs on neo-marxist this would in
the ante in white movement push Atsuko
universities like La Trobe Deakin and
Western Sydney
he says there's the part that he says
post-structuralist
Marxism is a bigger threat to Western
civilization then the state Marxism of
the 20th century and he makes this very
valid point the old Soviet Union was it
clearly defined a highly visible rival
now says Mark Latham the enemy is within
he says by international comparison
Australia's education system has fallen
apart over the past four years
we're now ranked four like
national embarrassment piece illustrator
already has record levels of school
funding in you know academic results
going backwards he writes the problem in
education it's not the amount of money
being spent but how the funds are being
used
he says labor the verticals have found a
convenient way of dealing with the
crisis in our schools pretend it's all
about funding and then tab up their
largest on the national credit card he
said our government schools become
social authorities the leftist gender
theory and manipulating the minds of
students herding them into a circle
anxiety epidemic I talked at one of
these kids regularly they confirm that
when you convince them to be confident
to tell me what they really think they
know this is going on what can they do
they say oh right they won't be right
mark says while that politicians people
was the relevant trivia of funding my
beliefs weaken signing up children to a
second-rate future by tolerating
hopeless teachers and wacky coursework
but as James has made the point this is
not just about domestic Australia on
foreign policy he quotes the former
president the thing where we have a damn
foreign policy
I mean we've gotta find a fight with
someone that's foreign policy and he
quotes the President Bill Clinton who
once said of the defense walks quote the
problem in my country is we have
powerful people who think that America
always needs enemies he makes the key
point if the banana will be threats
globally
there'd be no juicy defense contracts
for American and Japanese ins in foreign
policy Marx's as with most aspects of on
policy money talks
that's where we are right now fifty nine
people did 527
at last count injured and one hundred
bills have become before the American
Congress in the last five years 100 all
rejected to tighten up gun control
because money talks the National Rifle
Association has tremendous political
influence seven point seven million
Americans between 80 and 120 guns seven
point seven million okay stop it by
legislation through Congress
anyone watching experts I believe he
said the question remains he writes the
question remains why has the dollar from
day one provoked so much animosity his
foreign policy stance is actually said
strike from the left playbook
something they've been calling for since
Vietnam to end America's role as a
self-appointed global policeman
needlessly invading nations to what he
left because he but he said the more the
mean you're attacking the more his
supporters dig in to vote for him and
this says something right smack - the
commentary is rarely acknowledged in the
information age will people are better
educated and more widely informed the
public is less trusting of being
concentrated centers of power big
government big business big unions
beatmania and they react in Germany
worse results as World War two and it
was in situation in Britain in a matter
of months time mark says the Donald is
unbeaten as is Mark Latham to the
conventional institutions and pressure
groups of politics his party personally
the media the PC outrageously big
business and the foreign policy defense
establishment he makes significant
comments about Abbot's and shorten our
indicators event tournament he said that
because his motor back
I suppose the evidence he's speaking to
the fed up silent majority the Aussie
Larry comes and the backless in the
outer suburbs and Regents who don't have
a megaphone in hand at the ABC the
protein thought the attacks media to
advance their agenda all they have is a
total and currently
Mark Latham says it's packed with
Pauline Hanson virtually by a fault
Marxist loving or hating evidence right
we need a bold new policy direction
persuade this future Marxist in theory
2017 this should be a golden age of
freedom as self-reliant citizens go
about their business without the
hectoring presence of big government and
identity politics yet he said the
opposite is true he writes the alias
mana from the left but misuse their
institutional power anywhere we look at
the education system
and the media social and mainstream
so-called progressives are advancing
their agenda for open borders ethnic
nihilism language control segregationist
safe spaces and gender indoctrination
programs such as safe schools and
respectful relationships he says these
are relatively recent issues placed on
the public agenda not because society
has changed for the worse but because
the left once each of us to change to
live our lives and their image this is
later for the first time Western nations
are being subjected to widespread social
engineering much of a publicly funded he
talks about Bill Shorten the shortened
pivot has one of the most striking
developments in the AOL peace 125 year
history but not in a good way
labor is now a party of leftist
orthodoxy went into the twin failures of
retro economics and identity separatism
he says Chilton has embraced the fairy
dust doctrine of inclusive prosperity
in short has embraced the fairy-dust
operative inclusive prosperity belief
that depth funded spending on health
welfare and social workers can create a
quote sustainable pathway to economic
growth
he said if inclusive prosper officers
work sorry I'm gonna give me himself
this is where you say if inclusive
prosperity says because the demand
racing man
we're horse it'll be racing on the line
fine cotton a comical Marx words a
comical ringing from a stable that
should have known better having produced
the Sachs winning hawke-keating economic
pedigree he says Labour's identity
separatism runs counter to the community
building principles of social democracy
mark says subdividing the nation on the
basis of race sexuality and gender is
the formula for social decay weakening
our United purpose and common ideals as
citizens he says our society has values
and I'll in here this is the guts of the
book our societies and its values are
under threat from the two extreme ends
of politics the new fascism of radical
Islam and the new socialism from
post-structuralist education and PC
thought policing he says both movements
are frightfully authoritarian pushing
back against pluralism and the
principles of the Age of Enlightenment
they are he says marvelous language the
many evil gravediggers of our
civilization
the many evil gravediggers we are at
risk make no mistake about
Marx's in answering this threat social
conservatives and Social Democrats now
have more in common than they look
imagine he says we are fighting for
freedom and the survival of civilization
sadly as too timid politically correct
leaders Turnbull and shorten and not
part of that fight
this man's leading it would you please
welcome the author of these challenging
Australians
mr. mark
well thank you very much and thanks
everyone for coming along the first
thing I'm going to do is answer a
question that's already been put to me
why we at the Intercontinental not only
my part of town well we've tried to book
the Trump Tower but unfortunately this
would be the next closest thing I
particularly want to thank James and
Alan for their introduction and
endorsement of the book they're some of
the best speeches I've ever heard quite
frankly and I can't find a word wrong
with Alan's summary of the content of
the book so I want to concentrate my
comments on the commercial side of
things and we'll consider the publisher
I thank him but also there's a note of
concern as to our prospects can we sell
any copies because we're up against
mammoth competition from two of the
great political Giants of literature in
this country because yesterday Gareth
Evans a full comprehensive memoir of his
farm in politics and structurally and
hearing about it has something very very
important in common with libel and that
is leader volume has a single word
failure Cheryl
channel the rig will not cross media
informed money in my face go to that one
against that he was
Maurice retired to that great ice cream
shop in the sky story where Paul Murray
would allow me the other day that
probably my greatest appearance on his
show was at the time of the 2010
election campaign Laurie Oakes had these
exclusive leaks from a meeting that
involved Kevin Wright Julia Gillard
jean-paul now Don falkland would never
tell his mother that wasn't me
Julia Gilad elixir again stood so
obviously it couldn't be Julia Gillard
easily this out Laurie Oakes in the 2010
election came back but still the press
arrows were finally we never reveal our
sources who could possibly be well I got
on a bull show and said well this is
just one of the basic laws of nature
that when you hear about sound on your
roof you don't have to go out and see
that that's right so - when Laurie Oakes
has got these massive leads from a
meeting involving Kevin Wright
- you know automatically and so - it
came to pass
but as Allen's pointed out this was
predicted this was a prophecy in the -
barring service terrassa leaking
capacity because when obviously relying
party 2004 go out and others otherwise
say who had this strategy buddy got the
material who do you think's giving it to
and so I said to Kevin look at this like
appalling heated under wraps that I'm
gonna tell you because you're the shadow
Foreign Minister - Australia is a very
very supportive of the likes of the
United States very supportive of the US
security alliance and I've got some
concerns about the policies we've got on
a Polish TV since I made it up things
now running the campaign for same-sex
marriage he was running campaign you
know company was a Expo me till Kevin
that it's true and I could eat within a
four-mile of the Ilario stolen the board
had a certain aside raindrops on your
in this volume is ferocious competition
from these literary giants and I'm
worried candy sell many copies but in
terms of the content hopefully it will
sell because it's a memoir or it's me
talking about myself but for all the
reasons almond outline about the threat
to our civilization the threat to our
culture the threat to our democracy that
comes from this new era of identity
politics and political correctness and
I'm gonna say MIT from Social Democratic
life a background while the series no
that is the great despair of my life
that anyone would think that you create
a better society by dividing people from
each other that you engage in the
visiplate energy policies that decides
judge people not by their individual
qualities or they would get people in
community and family value to judge them
by their race gender sexuality it is
just so incredibly divisive the push is
Raelians apart in this fashion and
pretend from a center-left perspective
that it's somehow progressive I mean
this is an absolute betrayal of
progressive ideals then the poverties is
complete betrayal
the social democracy and fortunately I'm
not the only one side you pick a woman
who was the
leader of a label that faction you know
at least the microwave powers and the
right faction fighting them upon issues
when I was in the Parliament think it
was the intellectual leader of the like
the lantern he tonight says identity
politics is a betrayal
the social democracy and in fact a
visual Social Democrats conservatives
and libertarians need to unite in an
alliance to defend civilization defend
the environment offend the values of
free speech and learning and knowledge
and reason and we should have a new form
of poverty it's not so much in size
versus outsiders but those who believe
in the Enlightenment values of the 17th
century thus as those the many legal
brave leaders who want to take us back
to a time when society wasn't there when
in the mid medieval period happily the
son of a feudal or divinity and today
the left replicating many legal
superstitions like unconscious bias when
aircraft come from seriously who thinks
for a moment people have got voices in
their head saying I can't employ that I
can
I can't avoid that person from from a
joke because I'm on the way to my boy my
well they tested this proposition
recently in the federal public service
and found the discrimination what's the
gift any hoax ruse but it was against
the white anglo-saxon man and in fact
the white man we're going out of the
white to employ people other than those
who look like them and it turned out the
only voice in the hint was that
Parkinson the voices he said speaking
this medieval superstition of
unconscious bias appellate methods
Michael Parkinson he's ahead of you
trying public service he's now in
terminals here the Prime Minister's the
partners of some pink push it down the
back of the Immigration Department
signing the form he's the head of the
hot shower and he believes in this
rubbish so the whole system from top to
bottom has lost its balance its reason
its judgment about these issues and I
won't go and Alan mentioned to me and so
what the hell's going on with our
country it's a fascinating process
because about 18 months ago I noticed
when you spoke to people on the street
security I see the PCs coming back
what's going on but it was just a
curiosity but tonight people have word
out that there's a policing atrocity
every day there's a new source of
division of segregation in our society
every day and I've seen the pattern and
their curiosity is turning into alarm
about what's happening to their country
I'll give you tonight one fresh off my
email system the Deakin University on
the 26th of this month is running a
conference called on anti racism on anti
racism and that brought over a guy
called dr. Amir Jayma who's an assistant
professor of philosophy for kids
diversity so he's coming headed to a
conference at an Australian University I
shoot everyone in the room and beyond
this funding this is taxpayers it's been
taxpayer funded that's dr. immediate
Gemma comes that you wouldn't see this
way because he's gonna sleep on the
subject of don't talk to white people
that's his solution to racism in any
part of the world I talked to a bit
which is white people so ignorant and
their races into so entrenched that what
you need to do is not make some time and
breath in talking to and I quote from
his little blurb on the conference
publicity I propose that we stop talking
to white people or as I described those
who view themselves as white is he
straight from the Middle Ages this stuff
this is the model of people of
witchcraft when you say I propose that
we stop talking the white people or as I
destroy those who think of themselves as
white what it's up to
I think of myself as white as I work
here and it's on an iPad the dimension
nature's result was that I was born of a
white skin about that I think that's
important already might have 16 colors
important if we're paying as taxpayers
in running our public institutions
sneaking university long live the tribe
it's one of the Centers of
post-structuralist Marxism in Australia
we're going to come out here and tell us
thank thought the white people that's
the best solution to racism that does
desegregate society as the bad
where you send back people away from
each other because you can tell the bed
badboo more dumb people are ignorant
people simply because of this in part
this is just the poor wing for this to
be happening in a public institution so
day after day after day the politics of
segregation and separatism placeholder
and it's been pushed completely as a
paradox by those who say they're
progressive lots of aggressiveness I
think we should talk with each other I
grew up in a political environment
through a local government and then my
federal constituency in southwest city
where I thought the whole purpose of the
better society was bringing people
together they can share their values
share common purpose word together in
collective institutions to build a
better more caring society he said to me
when I joined the Australian I have a
body out there about 979 college if you
do the show is the walk around saying
this is just insanity but this is what
mechanism in Australia has to become so
Alan is what we fight against it is what
we fight against and play a war but is
fundamentally correct the same that
conservatives like you libertarians like
their david liderman and others in the
room and people from the social
democratic background such as myself who
now embrace the libertarian cause we all
need form an alliance because
essentially we're fighting for our
civilization and for a better society
where we did talk to each other where we
shared things where we do the good old
Australian practice of treating people
on mirror and giving them jobs and
promotions based on nothing more than
their ability so we're fighting for a
lot here I write in the introduction
I can read a recipe politics because
while I was in the media post 2005 I
wasn't all that animated or excited
about a role you're following Australian
politics quite frankly as the father of
three children life might apply as I
want them to have the proper decent
battery I know of as their future is the
potential it will all be long gone
while the worst of this is still playing
out so we fight for the next generation
and for that purpose alone
thank you mom ladies know there's any
questions if we'd ask mr. Jones well I
need an appreciation of freedom in
recent ice nice Knight really because
Ryan by labor banned me from speaking in
a language I tried Smithfield earlier
this year now right by juanita
tracking device and pick up their game
army graph later we can find Smith for
speaking of a bunch of I suppose wife
rainbow Elena was just so outrageous it
was a forerunner to the repression that
you see in this same-sex marriage debate
within our case you know I mentioned an
atrocity for today the one today of
course is they can't find a place to
have their event in Hobart out of the
casino or the university wearing hose
and I've been participating in
by Australia so the repression of free
speech marches on but I appreciate the
Liberal Democrats is a party of rules
but it gets to the point where you can't
speak in your own originally believed
for more than 50 years there's a former
Labour Party believes you're banned by
rainbow label all the time but look
elsewhere and the Liberal Democrats have
a diversity of opinion about various
issues that's healthy but Sooners of the
enemies creatures on free speech so I
love the idea of a party of freedom and
as I write up about David Lyons book
published Tuesday I wrote up in The
Telegraph two days ago it's a wonderful
manifesto of free thinking ideas and
encouraging debate beyond the echo
chamber that we currently have been in
politics oh I love all that and it
reminds me many respects at what the
Labour Party used to be not so much the
content but the freedom the freedom to
debate these ideas in an open
instructive way and not be thrown out in
the room or banned from a function or
the microphone pulled out just because
you're both in a disagreement they go
back then with this is a disagreement
saying outside I was wrong the various I
have that about now so highly freedom
has a lot of virtue in that mistake
we need to stop paying these people
probably to start by privatizing
education privatizing universities
making sound on their energy feed then
they have to do the right thing
it couldn't be worse crap well now that
we have a education minister in camera
who says that if you're approaching
centerpiece of and segregation in your
university that's the that's the
sanctions happening in South Africa a
river the reverse disciple collective
we're in the nineteen seventies visible
enhancing our stockpile
why are we finding it internally no it's
just a crisis it's just a segregationist
and it's just as plain wrong as it was
back then why are we finding it internal
roubini this guarantee that that week
saw it Simon Birmingham will be saved if
anything that's thing about these
economies by what is that you know the
the kind of song it's pretty sad out of
camera will be universal in saying
anything loose and standing up to these
rumors that's the problem so I need your
answer but I'm afraid you might hear yes
thank you I thought you might like to
know about the most recent example of a
New South Wales University where the
students were asked to not refer to
halls marriage theorems they were
through a mess
solution whereby they know
YouTube documents that were sent to me
out of UnitingCare life-assist
in Victoria United having a welfare arm
of the entire church they've got an
LGBTI staff group within the
organisation who sent out a directive
the sermon words that shouldn't be used
and speaking to elderly Australia's
looking for their camp baggages they
were terribly offensive words it's been
anyone nice words and you leave the
general all your main feature
UnitingCare life-assist
I mean if you're an elderly Australians
into your 80s and you're reading up to
get a care package
well their worries about it wasa
independence in my future do you need
these DC police telling you that it's
wrong the same life husband some nice
nephew even a phrase like lifestyle
choice apparently was ruled out I mean
if it's something straight out of the
nineteen thirties isn't it we've got
this level of language policing trying
to control people although this is said
in the night of diversity there's not a
single theme diversity day rocker and I
want you to society where we will sleep
this I think the same have the same
values but it's everywhere this attempt
to control our language that life
assists in Victoria for the sake of the
0.1% of the population that might be
thought of as transgender and the right
staff director but within the entire
church
why would you have an LGBTI staff group
because the boss the others are my runs
have come you ready to become you there
was a little star group based on their
skin color or sexuality so too busy
inside the organization and so upsetting
to the function they perform but this is
now becoming commonplace I said well the
other day on the why's that well sorry
pal files all this going on I think it's
80% 80% through our institutions our and
the rest of us the 20% we had the
resistance to
yeah well Allen saying it's implicit in
the book because of my children and
experience initially in public education
but that's okay that there are different
schools that actually have testing in
reader
I mean resilience is co-starred in the
education system you get knocked out and
get up again the final attach the
workout up we pass something smart and
that's not being taught in the schools
the rice on a regular basis the the
jihad against that way as part of that
do I need to be kind of testing in
schools because it's upsetting the
children is Andy Education is Andy
colleges aunty resilience and I've been
in a school where they start every day
with a math quiz no spelling test and
she's been doing this since the
beginning of history at that school and
while the talk about the year every time
completely gives all the kids in
Australia I'm gonna find out my level
against all of them
isn't that just great so she was school
on a testing culture and local test when
you here at the jihadi than others
teachers union of course it run those
food saying that the tests are upsetting
and that causes anxiety because the kids
have never had a test before I got the
net way it looks on the first item that
way
in the education system work with maybe
were so you don't build resilience by
thinking that they're not testing
children in the education system which
is having caused the anxiety problems
about testing they have two other
courses cycle but our selves into the
room it's all part of the reason why we
can't even big or excess exiled in the
international brand it's just wrong in
every one just on that point that you
made under squared remarks walk he says
in leftist laboratories only known as
government schools the tension of
fragility miss P a higher priority than
the values of resilience and toughness
in life so the finish
well hopefully the alliance of people
fighting in sISTAR can be formed as I'm
sorry that would be useful the maggot is
another process like I don't exactly
know how this happens but the only
horrible precedent for this is the old
Soviet Union where there was a social
experiment wall about controls control
other means of production he already was
counter to human nature favored by the
same amount
buddy nice little work out need fell
over because it was trying to defeat
human nature a legal theory from the
whether additional Marxism
fellow versus trying to conquer human
nature and I go to believe that in
politics in society you actually even
nature in the end human nature we push
through that's why the Soviet Union
fellow and a lasting hope in this battle
is the left to make them the same to say
we're not trying to control the means of
production of the trying to control
language values culture beliefs but
again people in human nature what I have
their say they want freedom of speech
people in human nature believe in
America they believe in judgment people
as they find that's always be straight
the bad guy Australians believe in
meritocracy as part of our matrix by the
birthday you know so ultimately I think
they left this project of control will
fall over because they're trying to
affect human nature
those now that happens the phytic acid
sir mark will be here to chat about
goods in the decisive books
