and what Trump faces politically if he
tries to reinstate the sanctions which
he can certainly do I think it's
important to to stress that when they
say you know we can't do this because
they've already gotten the benefit in
the deal
that's nonsense putting the cent putting
the sanctions back there and hammering
people who actually do business with
Iran whether they're countries or
corporations or what-have-you
presents a big political problem but
it's certainly something that can be
done the problem Trump will face is that
people will say the United States
basically sandbagged them then you know
during Obama's tenure agreeing to this
deal in detrimental reliance on it
everybody took their sanctions down and
struck these big financial arrangements
and now what Trump will be coming in and
saying is well I didn't agree to any of
that even if on the United States behalf
Obama did we're taking this all down and
we're reimposing these restrictions and
what people are going to say in response
to that is that will show us that Iran
has violated the deal and even that's a
sort of a subtle change over time
because Iran has never been in
compliance with a deal so now that the
very people who are saying that are now
saying well where has Iran materially
breached the deal which is their way of
telling you they've breached it all over
the place but come up with why it's
material yeah well this is so
frustrating and that's so many of
Obama's foreign policy legacies and it's
such a complicated thing of course when
of Donald Trump's key promises is an
industrial revitalization the idea of a
multi-billion dollar contract with
Boeing the idea of American companies
making money in oil I don't know if
they're allowed to go in familiar with
the details
to stop that would hurt another part of
the Trump agenda and I recall when the
sanctions were enforced China was buying
oil from Iran all the time and they
didn't even care so I it's a very
difficult situation in some ways it
reminds us of the North Korea problem
which again was a legacy
handed to us by Democrat negotiators
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the answer Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including all ways
to interview today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
