I cannot believe that you can just walk
into a gun store in Nevada Texas in
Florida and walk out with a machine gun
and I cannot believe that horrible
conservatives won't ban guns to keep us
safe and let us sleep peaceably in our
beds at night
what liberal nonsense is all that what
lying false narratives are they telling
you on the Left through their partners
in the mainstream media well I'm going
to debunk them all right now so let's
jump right in to the fully automatic
weapons being able to be purchased in a
gun shop and brought to your car within
5 minutes that could not be any further
from the truth in fact the real process
to purchase a fully automatic weapon is
exhaustive not to mention really really
expensive now if you can find a gun you
want because these are collectibles and
rare and there's a market scarcity of
them you're probably going to pay around
twelve to fifteen thousand dollars for
something like a fully automatic ar-15
twelve fifteen thousand dollars us to
simply buy this weapon but before you
can ever touch it you've got to go
through a lot of Hoops and hurdles now
the first one is called an ATF forum for
ATF is the the common acronym used for
the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms
and Explosives so you fill out this form
four which is telling the federal
government I intend to purchase this
weapon but doesn't stop there you've got
to send them a two hundred dollar check
because you're paying for a tax stamp
you're paying $200 tax and the federal
government simply to own that firearm
they'll take your fingerprints and then
they make you get the sign off the
permission of your chief law enforcement
officer your Sheriff or your police
chief there's a way around that but it
requires the creation of a firearms
trust which means you have to go to a
lawyer and spend a lot more money and
wait even longer so assuming you go one
of these two routes you're spending the
minimum $200 of the tax stamp and at the
maximum that 200 plus legal fees and
then you wait and you wait about six
months and in many cases longer for the
federal government to approve you and
once they approve you the dealer you're
buying the gun from gives you a call and
says come on down and pay me your 15
grand
and you go down there and they say well
not so fast you've got to fill out the
ATF Form 4473 like you would for any
other gun purchase and once you sign the
back of that I've got a background check
you again through the National instant
criminal check system and once you pass
that background check
you can then pay for your firearm but
you can't take it home right away if
your state has a waiting period unless
you have a license to do so concealed
weapons license usually will lemonade
lemonade the waiting period so this is
hardly hardly an instant process this
process takes anywhere from half to
three-quarters of a year and fifteen to
sixteen thousand dollars of your
hard-earned money
well another liberal talking point
debunked right there another gun
grabbing talking point thoroughly the
bump with facts and this is not a
Cardillo fact this is very easy to find
just go to the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco
Firearms and Explosives website and look
up the National Firearms Act of 1934 or
the firearm owners Protection Act of
1986 which took it a step further and
said any fully automatic weapon you buy
has to be made before 1986 you couldn't
even buy a new one if you had all the
money in the world that's reserved for
law enforcement military and federal
license holders with the specific kind
of license that permits them another
false narrative debunked but the left
loves false narratives of that a
scientific basis see I became a Second
Amendment
advocate and activist through my time at
the NYPD I always loved and respected
our Constitution I always Diamond we
believed in our right to keep and bear
arms but what I saw on the street
solidified that I often say on air I
don't carry a gun daily because I was a
cop I carry a gun daily because I saw
what happened to the victims who didn't
and that's true a firearm legally owned
is the great equalizer for that senior
citizen who might fall prey for that six
foot four inch 300-pound felon hell-bent
on raping or killing them in the course
of that robbery and that is only a good
thing when a frail victim can beat their
attacker when a good person
beats the bad guy I am for that in any
tool that helps that every single day of
the week but there is some Sun creeping
through these left-wing clouds there was
a great oppenent the other day where a
left-leaning pollster said
they can no longer support the gun
control junk science that their research
simply does not bear out the talking
points and they can no longer be a part
of the lie see facts will always beat
lies facts will always beat half truths
and mistruths that's why I want to bring
you facts every day now you could say
sure Cardillo your experience was
anecdotal well maybe it was but I worked
in one of the busiest commands in the
NYPD and I speak to police officers even
to this day who work in very busy places
and our stories are all the same and
after a while that anecdotal evidence
well that becomes some pretty solid
empirical evidence in my own experience
I only came across one fully automatic
weapon on the street and it was
illegally modified and if you illegally
modify a semi-automatic weapon to a be a
fully automatic weapon you're gonna do
10 years in prison for the first offense
and 20 years for the second there are
some very severe penalties not to
mention the thousands of dollars in
fines but I came across one fully
automatic weapon in hundreds of
incidents and you know how many legal
gun owners I arrested for crimes with
their guns zero not one not one legal
gun owner that I ever have to arrest for
a crime with a firearm in fact I only
responded to one incident where a legal
firearm was used and it was a retired
police officer defending his business
against an armed robber a completely
legal and justifiable use of that weapon
and thank God he was on that day because
he'd probably be dead if he wasn't and
that's why I'm such a vehement supporter
of the Second Amendment and if you are
we're going to be doing some really
exciting things here at the rebel that's
going to allow you to engage and
advocacy and activism alongside of us
and get your voice directly to members
of Congress I'm gonna be telling you
about that in upcoming videos if you
like everything we're doing here please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org thanks for watching
you
