actually here in Quebec City where I am
right now and on the south shore of
Quebec City in levy the pipeline was
supposed to cross the st. Lawrence River
and this is where in terms of
environment issues it was the biggest
concern and believe it or not on both
sides of the river the mayors and almost
all the groups and society and even some
unions were in favor of the pipeline so
it's really scary what's going on right
now because we have Quebec liberals who
are supposed to be the Federalists in
Quebec who are the voice of your
Federalists in Quebec who are the ones
who are trying to break up the country
in a certain extent at least financially
speaking and today I'm ashamed as a
Quebecer to see my Environment Minister
saying and you know he's almost
commanding the fact that there's gonna
be no pipeline he's happy and he says
it's do another proof that we're moving
out of the petroleum era like we're
gonna get rid of gas and oil tomorrow
morning I'm sorry about everybody who's
listening right now we all know that
tomorrow morning we still have our cars
and we there's going to need to be gas
in it it's just that instead of coming
from Alberta it's going to come from
some dictatorship in the Middle East or
elsewhere and that's what pisses me off
the most and the worst thing is rheya is
even in terms of environment if you look
at it from a perspective of security you
know that I know that everybody who's
listening know that but it seems that
our politicians don't know it but you
think it's safer to transport gas with a
pipeline or with a boat on the st.
Lawrence River or with trains like what
happened in May got sick not that far go
in Quebec I mean it's just ridiculous
because we're not moving out of gas what
we're doing is that we're sending where
we're gonna buy oil and gas from
elsewhere in the world instead of our
partners in our own country and it's
going to be in terms of environmental a
bigger challenge and actually are bigger
risks and that's what is bad and
terrible about that decision and even
worse than that there's the economic
impact because it's gonna cost a lot
because you know the few hundred million
dollars they were to invest just to
build that pipeline here in Quebec it's
those workers who are going to be
deprived of work are gonna have to move
out west
to find a job in that kind of industry
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
