that statement was enough to have the
full force of the government deployed on
you well it's an interesting thing that
happened there eco justice is an
Canadian federally registered charity
and they somehow either had gathered
together six very high-profile Canadians
or those people had approached them
there is a quirk in the law related to
the Competition Act and it does state
that if six Canadians
demand an investigation and they sign an
affidavit demanding it then the
Competition Bureau is required to go
ahead and open an investigation now that
doesn't mean that they have to do an
investigation just means they have to an
investigation and we don't know to what
extent we were investigated because the
Competition Bureau has sweeping powers
they're probably the most powerful
agency law of law enforcement in Canada
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
