well how do you do it September 21st I'm
Angela Vance and you're watching
battleground
I'm shocked that any of you are back it
looks like there's about a hundred
people watching now I am surprised after
the fiasco the debacle of last week
where we showed politicians dancing
including Jason Kenney doing a mating
ritual and where we saw my own epileptic
seizure slash dance moves whilst singing
what would the Fox say I was sure that
our company would be suspended from
YouTube for breaching our Terms of
Service for watching things broadcasting
things that literally make your eyes
burn for those of you who oh I just
assume that if you're watching today
it's because you weren't here last week
can we bring up the Jason Kenney
Caribana dance just for those who don't
recall the NDP party of Alberta has a
wicked opposition research team they are
brutal and you've heard the rumors about
Jason Kenney and his personal life
through what they say that the prim and
proper conservative Jason Kenney is not
the only Jason Kenney and the NDP war
room sent me this video thinking I would
use it to attack Jason Kenney you know
and the one I'm talking about this show
right now
Oh
they say white men can't dance they say
that and that may be a racist epithet
but let us acknowledge that it is true
at least in the case of Jason Kenney and
that other candidate their character
there was John Tory perhaps the whitest
man ever born judging by his dance
skills you know in some industrial areas
they have eyewash stations we got one of
those around here
alright that was last week we're never
going to show that again people there
are some things that are off-limits and
Jason Kenny's dance moves what he does
in the privacy of a street party is of
no bearing on his ability to govern and
let's just leave it at that okay all
right 213 people are still watching I
don't know why but you're here I'm
kidding around this is called
battleground I did this every weekday at
12 noon I was just having some fun we
had some terrible dance moves last week
and I showed Jason Kenney I showed John
Tory show Hillary Clinton I showed
Alexandra occasion court days I showed
Cynthia Nixon who's running for high
office in New York you'd think she would
have some dance moves nope nope nope and
then I ended it by showing you an
atrocious video of myself I will spare
you that last and worse one now because
I actually have a few things I'm going
to talk about I used to do this
battleground show every single day at
12:00 noon and I loved it but my
schedule just could not support it I was
traveling a fair bit and in fact can you
get the Tommy Trial calm website ready
because for example I'm going back to
London and if you put Tommy trial on the
screen
I've been to London what three three
times now I can't remember and going
back I'm going back because Tommy
Robinson is on trial again on Thursday
of next week September 27th I guess you
can't really see much here but if you
want more information I have a video
explaining what's going on last night I
spoke to Tommy again and they're not
just bringing normal contempt of court
charges against him
they're also claiming he broke the
prohibition the publication ban and he
sent me some snippets from a government
document claiming he engaged in racism
that's a whole new thing as a whole new
thing that wasn't there in his original
contempt trial on May 25th I foolishly
and naively thought that perhaps the
government of the United Kingdom had had
enough in the quarrel with Tommy
Robinson and they had enough with having
the massive street protests and that
perhaps they had some shame over the
fact that they threw a man into solitary
confinement really in the dungeon of the
prison Tommy calls it the block it's the
dungeon I thought they had enough they
have not had enough and I thought the
reason for delay was they just didn't
want to engage know the reason for delay
and the hearing will proceed on
September 27th and I'll be there I'm
gonna fly out there is because they're
going to expand the charges against
Tommy Robinson I haven't done our full
proper video about that I just learned
about that yesterday on the phone I did
I did a little video an email yesterday
when Tommy confirmed for me the
September 27th was ago then later in the
evening he shared with me some snippets
from the new charges against him let me
say this again clearly forget the the
silliness about the dancing sorry I
started with that it was just on my mind
Tommy Robinson is back in court at the
Old Bailey that's the Central Criminal
Court's of London on Thursday the 27th
in addition to the original complaints
that he was talking about the trial in a
manner that prejudiced it which is
obviously not true the trial was not
prejudiced it completed successfully
I have seen with my own eyes but Tommy
sent me in the list the
of charges against him they accuse him
of racism I don't have it in front of me
so I'm not going to quote a verbatim
they are expanding their allegations
against them do you understand what I'm
saying they're not narrowing them they
are not chastened by the court of appeal
they are giving Tommy the full-court
press it would not surprise me if there
were more lawyers in court against Tommy
this time as most last time that's
what's going to happen so I have to go
back is there a single other journalist
who's covering this properly I put it to
you no I put it to you the last time I
was in court at the court of appeal
ruling I think there were eight other
journalists and going from memory
none of them reported accurately there's
some live tweeting but all the reports
and the columns failed to report the
massive win that Tommy Robinson had the
Court of Appeal they failed to report
the atrocious treatment of Tommy
Robinson in prison they prefer to snipe
and be Petty and gossipy about Tommy
because they have a personal grudge and
grievance against him and I say even if
you disagree with Tommy even if you were
opposed to him for substantive reasons
ought you not to report accurately on a
momentous Court of Appeal ruling in his
favor
should you not report that someone who
was convicted as a civil prisoner for
contempt of court was treated worse than
a murderer that's why I'm going back and
I say that to explain why I don't do
this so daily because I'm traveling too
much and I have other obligations but I
enjoy the Friday's I enjoy the Friday's
what is super chat super chat is a new
super chat there's a new invention by
Google YouTube started I'm gonna get six
months ago and it's as you can see the
side of the screen your comments are
there and I'm gonna try and read through
them but if you chip in a few bucks it's
highlighted in a bright color and the
top of the screen it's appended there so
everyone can see it and I will see it
out of the corner of my eye
I
I'm looking right now and I don't see
any right now but if you make a super
chat I will for sure see it out of the
corner of my eye and read it and if I
miss it my producer friends will send it
to me by email all right with that
preamble aside I have some videos I want
to share with you some of them are
light-hearted and some of them are grave
I don't suppose that's a very good mix
is it I was starting off all jokey about
Jason Kenney and Jon Tori's i burning
dance moves as funny as having a little
chuckle then i told you the most great
thing in the world I I spoke on I mean I
talked to Tommy in different modalities
I talked to him by text he sends me he
loves the video you know
the audio is since al audio it sends it
over right Texas I love that but we
chatted by chatted because I couldn't
believe it he was sending me this news
and I saw I just got a call him and we
talked I couldn't believe it and I don't
want to speak for him and I don't want
to betray confidences but I must tell
you that he is gripped by the gravity of
it I think he is permanent say he's
surprised nothing surprises Tommy
anymore it's always a stitch-up and I'm
always the one who's naive I'm always
the one to say come on Tommy there
surely wouldn't go that far and he's
just being it's just being around longer
than me in this fight so I'm always
fooling myself and I don't mean to be I
think I'm quite jaded and cynical in
regards to the UK justice system I
shouldn't even say justice system that
that's too positive work I'll call the
legal system of the court system
I actually thought they'd say enough is
enough ten weeks of solitary is enough
how naive I am so yeah I'll be back
through that's serious stuff
I don't even you know I don't even want
to jump from that to the light-hearted
stuff now why don't you know I got some
heavy stuff here I'm going to read back
because I don't feel like jumping back
to a funny video right now because I
swear to god they're trying to put Tommy
back in prison that's what they're
trying to do that is crazy
because of his facebook livestream I say
again and you know this there hasn't
been a journalist imprisoned in the UK
for contempt of court since the 40s
Tommy's done ten weeks in solitary I see
Ben Tomlinson chipped in five
saying thanks very much have you seen
Bernie ace trolling kewpie question
period on supply management yes Ben I
have and I should tell you just for
people who don't know what that that is
Maxime Bernie a breakaway Conservative
MP who started some party called the
People's Party put a question to
Parliament about Supply Management which
is a fancy way of saying the dairy
cartel in Canada it's illegal just to
start a dairy farm you have to buy a
quota it's like the old taxicab system
there's only a certain amount allowed
and because of that prices for dairy
Encanto twice normal so it's really
theft from poor people if you're a rich
person spending double on a glass of
milk or a piece of cheese it's not gonna
hurt you but if you're poor you can't
not have milk or other dairy just can't
not do it so it's really taking money
out of the poorest people funny enough
can you google this can you google on
CBC CBC Niagara Falls pizza I know that
sounds funny if you if you google those
words you'll get a story about a pizza
smuggler a cheese smuggler you think
what is that a joke always a cheese
smuggler is that Co is that like some
sexual reference
he's a cheese smuggler oh you like
smuggling cheese do you you're one of
them
no cheese smuggler yeah this is one
thanks charge is coming as Niagara cops
add cheese to smuggling probe
Oh a pro hey wait a mate you're
smuggling probe I like the looks of your
smuggling probe no it's that it's not a
sexual reference police role suspected
in border shipments of cheap pizza
Thomas cool down.this Mario's pizza the
owner of super Mario's pizza in Port
Colborne told CBC he was approached two
years ago by a Fort Erie man offering to
supply cases of contraband u.s. cheese
hey my American and British friends did
you know there's such a thing as
contraband cheese well in Canada there
is because it's illegal cheese that's
trafficked into the country let me read
some more nagger Regional Police Service
officers have been visiting pizzerias
that sounds like a great job you know
what I think I'm ready for that job I
think I've been doing that job without a
license
visiting pizzas pizzeria it's like
all-day Nagraj until police officers
have been visiting pizza readers
recently ya mean to mate asking the same
question where do you get your cheese is
that some sort of pick up is that some
tinder code word on tinder or Grindr oh
it might well you get your cheese is it
cheese bro you want to see my cheese
probe it's part of a larger internal
investigation into cheese smuggling oh
you're just a cheese smuggler you little
cheese smuggler allegedly by some
members of their own force CBC News has
learned from numerous police sources
that charges are expected soon against a
few officers who are alleged to have
been involved in the movement of case
loads of cheese from the u.s. to celtic
canadian pizza recent restaurants the
alleged scam involves jamming cases of
brick cheese used as a common pizza
topping into their vehicles to smuggle
across the border with US cheese being
as little as a third of the price of
this in Canada drivers are making $1,000
to $2,000 a trip according to numerous
sources Canadian Canada Border Services
Agency officials say anyone officer or
civilian caught smuggling large
shipments of cheese into Canada would be
in violation of the Customs Act for
failing to declare I do declare I love
the cheese I'm not going to read anymore
but I want to let you know this is not a
satirical website scroll up to the top
just for a second this is actually the
state broadcaster who loves the dairy
cartel this is a real story I know
you're thinking that ain't true this is
true in Canada cheese is so expensive
border telling Niagara Falls you know
there's no cake you take down things you
know Niagara Falls if there's a Niagara
Falls New York and there's an Niagara
Falls Ontario right like the it's a it's
a board it's not it it's two different
towns it's was it's really the same
metropolis I guess you could say so a
pizzeria on the on the New York side
buys cheap cheese pizzeria on the
Canadian side has to buy dairy cartel
triple the price cheese and it's such a
difference that people are smuggling
bricks of cheese in their police cars to
make a thousand
a load of cheese and the cops are gonna
came through you know New York City is
problems with cocks cops you know
in the drug trade New York City is
problem with cops on the on the payroll
of the Mafia no no we got our Canadian
problems made our cops smuggle cheese
that's the truth Ben Tom it's a good
story we'll cover it on my channel
thanks Ben and you know the end of that
story is that Maxine Bernier called for
the the removal the end of the dairy
cartel and he was unanimously opposed in
Parliament that means not just the
Liberals and the NDP were against him
but his former colleagues and the
Conservative Party I see a couple more
Super chats thank you very much Dan l
chips in five bucks thanks Dan do you
believe the mainstream media that the
Danforth shooting was not Islamic terror
or are the media and police suppressing
info like in Germany well then it's like
you're reading my mind
in fact on tonight's show at 8:00 p.m. I
will go into depth about the police
filing an IT oh and information to
obtain it's basically a document police
file in court to get a search warrant
and we see facts in that police search
warrant request that smash the
mainstream media narrative into a
million pieces and I don't want to get
into it in great detail now but you will
see it tonight on my show and if you're
not a subscriber to my APM show where
you should be and if I haven't convinced
you just by telling you I can tell you
that every day after my show we take a
two-minute extra can put it up for free
on YouTube so you'll see it there Mike
Levine Ezra is making arraignments with
you beforehand to handle his legal case
in case he's incarcerated again and
can't communicate okay you're talking
about Tommy I don't want to give away
our secret strategies but you know it's
ironic that Tommy I mean tell me I don't
want to get into this whole thing before
you've heard me say this before I met
Tommy online we chatted by Skype we
hired him year and a half ago and he did
videos for us and I actually didn't even
meet him to like flew to London after
the westminster tear
secondly madam movement the team and
you've got going and it's hard to stay
in touch with someone across an ocean
you know five time zones away and you
know phone works and and stuff like that
it's not a big email guy I started to
fly over there but once a month and it's
as I've said before Tommy's not you he's
not built for having a boss right so it
lasted about a year it was great and we
say goodbye and it was amicable enough
there is such a thing as an amicable
breakup by the way but it's never great
you know so we said goodbye and I wished
him well and we gave him we had a studio
we had some prepaid rent and stuff we
gave that to me getting some equipment
and we said goodbye we try to end
friendly enough and and then we were
sort of thrown back together when he was
jailed because I didn't feel like other
folks were stepping in to help and I had
a few skills and tools the crowdfunding
whatever and I never communicated with
him directly in prison I don't know if I
ever told you that I was in touch with
Tommy but here's how it would go I went
to the website called email a prisoner
calm that's the real thing and you can
send an email to any prisoner in the UK
isn't that neat it's great and it's it's
just a few cents and they get a printed
out and in some prisons they can reply
not the one Tommy was in so I would send
emails to Tommy and he would yeah I
think he had two phone calls a week so
obviously it's not gonna waste that on
me and so he would talk to his wife and
his wife would pass on the message me
isn't that a circuitous way of talking
I'd sent an email but I knew that the
guards were reading the emails so I was
very limited in what I put in the email
and Tommy would more or less figure it
out and tells us so that's how I
communicated with him for two and half
months I didn't say a word to him
directly and he didn't say word to me
directly I later joked it was the only
time he read my emails from start to
finish and there's the only time I never
had any talk back from I told you that
joke before but my point is we managed
to make it work and of course we've been
in pretty constant touch since he's been
out and the irony is that were closer
now than when he worked here is that
weird
life is funny that way we've had some
interesting alumni pass through here at
the Revel I'm not just gonna reminisce
now but it is sort of
I I wouldn't have thought when we say
goodbye to him whatever that was six
months ago that I'd actually be this
focused on him but it's not just because
I mean I think he's an interesting
character but it's because he's still in
jeopardy but more than that the system
has revealed itself in how its treated
him and I say this to people who don't
have much time for I say this to people
in parts of you Kip who don't have time
for Tommy I said put aside your personal
antipathy towards him put aside the
parts about him that bug you put aside
the actual flaws he has and he has
plenty just try and compartmentalize
that for one minute with the flaws that
he has revealed in the British system
the UK system about what Daniel Pipes
called the Phi P professionals the
police the prosecutors the press the
politicians the professor's sometimes
Daniel Pipes ads in priests what does
Tommy's case said about the judge and
how quickly he was sentenced and sent
away for contempt of court what is Tommy
Robinson's case shown us about the media
that rejoiced in his political prisoner
ship what is all this taught us about so
many things so you don't have to say I
love Tommy now let me tell you what's
wrong with his system you can actually
say I hate Tommy
but look what we've learned and that's
my point and we're not out of the woods
yet in fact my conversation was Tommy
last night about these new particulars
and the charges against him was actually
the most scared I have been since Tommy
was released on August 1st by that I
mean I realize only now the true gravity
of the case that will be presented
against him on Thursday I'm gonna I'm
going to love it because I don't tell
you why I mean it's it's not a pleasant
flight for me you put a fat guy on a
plane for seven hours there and back
that's not my natural habitat you know
wedge mean the Whittle middle seat
between two pitiful souls mention
benjamine in fact my last flight to
London there were two gals who were
travelling to a
prints together and they had the aisle
seat in the window seat and I was wedged
in between them sort of like a muffin
you know and I said ladies would you
like to switch so you're sitting next to
each other
I thought thinking that that would be
doing them a favor they could sit next
to each other and I can either like lean
against the window or spill out into the
aisle with all my eighth of a ton of
wonderfulness there's a lot of me to
love I'm pleasantly plump and they said
no no we're fine and I thought well I
thought what is even they didn't want to
give up the out of the window or they
didn't want to sit next to each other
even though they were traveling together
to a conference so yeah it's not a
natural thing to put a fat guy in a thin
seat seven hours overnight and then come
home that same night 14 hours to cover a
trial but can you tell me who else is I
love Breitbart are calm you know that
because I have Breitbart pundits on my
show at least once a week right boy
didn't cover the trial I don't know why
there are other conservatives in the UK
I follow a site called West Monster why
weren't they at the trial there's the
there's a spectator there's even like
there's some pundits why weren't any of
them there I'm not being mean to them I
love bright you know that I love bright
bright having the show time why weren't
they there covering it I don't know and
and the media who were there for the
mainstream media they were there to
attack they were there to bury not to
pray so that's what I'm going back there
and I'm actually worried about this trip
very much maybe I shouldn't say that
maybe I should be very extremely
confident and everything's gonna be fine
they're coming - that was about - swear
they're coming to kill him do I mean
that metaphorically yes but I also mean
this put him back into prison he just
might be killed okay let me let me go
forward to them did I miss any super
chat all right well look it's 1223 I'm
still in a heavy mode I'm gonna read
some regular chats oh I see Danielle
will Marissa Shen's murder by a Trudeau
Syrian migrant and the PM's heartless
reaction effect Chinese Canadian
traditional support for liberals well
thank you very much then that's actually
one of the other videos I have here and
some of our viewers who are not from
Canada Tommy and Tommy is that an
international figure so I know when I
talk about Tommy our UK viewers
understand that our American viewers are
Australian people and our are Canadians
and of course he was a rebel staffer for
a year so some people know that but
Marissa Shen who's that well we have a
little video and we just made this
little video that sums it up and so can
we play our little Marissa Shen video I
am more than comfortable that doing what
we've done excepting in 25,000 Syrian
refugees does right by both the safety
of Canadians and by the values that
define us as a nation would you be just
as comfortable if there was a terrorist
attack carried out by someone who came
through as a refugee ultimately being
open and respectful towards each other
is much more powerful as a way to defuse
hatred and anger then you know layering
on you know big walls and oppressive
policies
some people say that if it hadn't been
for the surge in Syrian refugees after
the 2015 election guys like this guy
would not be here
I'm not one of those people who says
that a life got terminated at its of
years old and where's the leader we are
here yes we demand prime minister to
approach
so that's a little short video we did
we've done longer videos on it - and
what's interesting and - to your
question will this breach the friendship
between Justin Trudeau and the Chinese
Canadian communal first of all I don't
believe that the Chinese Canadian
community has a natural affiliations of
the Liberal Party now when liberals open
the doors to new new immigrants new
immigrants are often just out of
personal loyalty grateful to the party
in power when they were let in but of
course that party was Stephen Harper's
Conservatives for a decade and I put it
to you the Chinese Canadians if I make
stereotype the culture or not those that
you would traditionally think would be
susceptible to liberal promises the
Chinese Canadian community is very
hard-working
so it's my sense that they're not
interested in welfare mooching for
example they're very law-abiding I'm
stereotyping here obviously there's
exceptions so they're not interested in
the soft on crime liberal policies
Chinese Canadian community values family
so they're not into this liberal policy
transgender this six gender sex ed that
they're just not into the kind of
welfare state identity politics
pandering I mean they have an identity
but it's I just don't see the Chinese
community community being a natural
whiny entitlement community now there's
always examples you can't stereotype of
more than a million people but what's so
interesting here is that the
conservative side of the Chinese
community has come out because first of
all this is a murder so it's crime soft
on crime but also this is one of
Trudeau's Syrian migrants and every
Chinese person in Canada came here again
I'm not stereotyping every single one
but in the main they applied to come
here they didn't they didn't sneak
across the border like this these
illegals are doing in New York State and
they weren't brought here in a hasty
rush unvetted
from war zone like Trudeau Syrians so
you're seeing and you saw that in that
Chinese Canadian man in that little sort
of video there why have you done this to
us Justin Trudeau why are you not
showing sympathy with our community why
are you're not apologize so we had so
many Chinese Canadians who we responded
positively to our video we made a video
with Chinese captions on it and we
published actually wanted you want to go
to apologize now just show the website
itself not the video so we made a page
in Chinese language and we checked them
we checked it twice to make sure we have
the translation correct just just put
out apologize now is the name of the
site because yeah scroll down true
Justin Trudeau my support look at this
website it keeps growing I want to show
all those Chinese characters look at all
that that is good rebel content Chinese
style let's go to the Supertop because I
think yeah yeah you see that look up
subscribe even higher look at that you
see that there's a Chinese language ad
up there tell me that's not super fun
because we put a Chinese language
website up the Internet serves up a
Chinese language ad of course tell me
that's not one of the funnest pages on
the rebel dot media
it absolutely is so that's my very
lengthy answer but it's a terrible
situation it's a murder of a young girl
is there anything worse than that when
parents bury their own children that's a
sign that the world has gone mad and
Justin Trudeau just doesn't give a damn
let's check the time here is 12:30 I was
reading some more of the chat some
interesting comments all on the wing
Graham Quin ships in five pounds five
quid thanks brother what about Tommy
joining you Kip do you know anything
yeah can you call up I see Nigel made a
statement just yesterday can you get the
vid of Nigel Faraj he
and I think he exercises a great amount
of control the Yuka party even though
he's no longer its leader he was adamant
against it now Gerard baton
the leader has said he wants to let the
grassroots decide but Nigel Faraj has
said that would be a grave mistake and
tommy himself is made of video saying it
would be a great opportunity so can we
serve up the video I saw it just today I
think on the website of the independent
but it was saying it's everywhere
Nigel Ferrara and then as soon as that's
done can we call up Tommy's video from
about two weeks ago where he talks about
joining you Kip so let's sort of Farish
first alright let's try that again when
we got the sound so he was I can see the
sound was muted there so we got on me at
that thing there he said he specifically
has taken great steps over the years to
to ensure that people who have quote
okay let's play that go ahead
no I told me Robinson fan I think he's a
bit of a loud but I do think you
shouldn't be allowed to have his say I
do think in a society that believes in
free speech provide that he is not
promoting outright hatred or violence
you should be able to you know to say
what he wants to say so does something
need to be done well I think this is too
important for something not to be done
there's no debate with me
I'm completely opposed to it you know I
I was back in the 90s I was chairman of
UK I was then the national campaign
manager here kept I became in the end
the leader of UK back in 2006 and I
wrote very explicitly into the rules of
the party when I first became leader we
did not want anybody in the party who
had Taine's with organizations that we
deemed to be on the far right of British
politics I couldn't have been clearer
and it really upsets me so there you
have a nice variety no I see a comment
from Ted see a pound 99 to help flight
for Tommy a big thank you well thank you
very much do we have Tommy's vid we
don't need to it's just on the Tommy
Robinson YouTube homepage it says I
don't want to play the whole thing he
just he basically when do you find that
the part where he says you might lose a
couple of thousand members but you'd
bring in 20,000 working class people and
energize the party I just want to show
that in Tommy's own words so it's very
easy to find just go to the Tommy
Robinson YouTube channel and then it's
probably the second most recent video or
the most recent video there so um I
understand that as a Faraj he has enough
of an uphill battle already trying to
get the UK out of the out of the EU to
add another layer another dimension of
controversy on top of that would make
his life harder that's for sure but this
goes to what I said earlier is there no
one in the UK who will fight yeah I hear
in my ear that we're ready yeah that's
the one can you fast-forward to the part
where he says you might lose 2,000
members but you'll find 20,000 let me
know let me know when we have that
that's my point about a fat Canadian
flying seven hours each way to report in
London it's actually sort of pitiful I
mean I think I'm doing an okay job I'll
let you be the judge of that
I mean I'd try and pay attention in
court I try and be prolific when I was
there during the Court of Appeal hearing
I know I tweeted 150 times from court
and I did a bunch of videos outside and
according to my Twitter analytics they
were seeing 5.7 million times so I feel
like I'm I'm working hard but I'll leave
the the judgments to others
my point is where's the rest of the army
we could need we could use people now
you know I I have some friends in the
u.s. yeah you even sent this in fact I'm
gonna when I'm off this I'm gonna say
the Gavin I talked to Gavin speaking of
alumni I still talk to my buddy Gavin
McInnes probably once a week my texts
sometimes I go on to show rise first
source um not that often by phone if I
was him
you know flights from New York to
Heathrow
there's got to be a hundred flights a
day like in New York there's so many
airports it's LaGuardia that's JFK
there's Newark there's there's so many
airports and there's actually several
airports in London right there's a throw
there's got work not far away there's
even Luton there's the there's the City
Airport so many airports so there's so
many flights in fact I I can imagine how
many flights are between New York London
and there's some cheap cheap flights you
want a cheap flight I bet you could fly
in New York to London return for 500
bucks and get an air B&B for a couple
hundred bucks
Gavin should go I'm gonna soon as I'm
off this show I'm gonna tell him that
first why I'd like some company out
there but why why is it like steven
crowder should go I'd maybe that's not
his beat maybe he doesn't have a rapport
but but Gavin should go who else should
go I think that more people should go I
give a shout out to Tucker Carlson
because he had Tommy on the show and
obviously Tucker's not gonna go to
London for a trial but maybe someone
from Fox should anyhow that's miss my
view here's a quick clip of Tommy saying
what would happen if he was allowed to
join YouTube Inc now you keep have the
opportunity to electrify this country's
working class I've seen people make
comments that or if Tommy Robinson
joined you clip they might you lose
2,000 members you might gain 20,000 you
might cause a political revolution
grin we have sat for too long and we get
excited in this country Sweden's
elections are coming up we get excited
about watching an election in Sweden the
Swedish Democrats good luck to you we're
hand on heart we wouldn't the best for
Sweden may get 30% of the vote we get
excited about the Italian election it's
about time the British public had a
party they can get excited about and I
applaud my chief Raj Nigel Farage
concentrated on brexit and he deserves
the applause for bringing us bricks in
Niger wasn't prepared to talk about
Islam and maybe because he didn't want
to drain himself and he didn't when the
accusations and the problems it will
bring and he wanted to concentrate on
his focus which was brick city and well
done for that but please don't try and
condemn other people who were brave
enough to challenge this I've watched
and I've met Jared ban and I want to say
thank you to you kit - Jared ban for
speaking up on my behalf for reaching
out to the people of this country for
going the mixing it with the general
people on the street in this country
I've stood and I listened to Jared
batten and that is I want me I won't
play the whole thing here obviously you
can get that on Tommy's web site first
of all don't you think Tommy's very
thoughtful and reflective on the thing I
found I was very impressed with the his
ability to remove his personal feelings
from the assessment for life through I
think he's accurate that it would
energize you Kip I think he's right when
he says tens of thousands of new people
were joined and I think he's also very
thoughtful when he says he understands
absolutely why Nigel Faraj was focused
on one thing and one thing only Breck
said absolutely I thought that was very
wise don't you think that shows a wisdom
and frankly a lack of brittleness a lack
of sensitivity I can't see me Tommy
Robinson you can't afford to let your
your feelings get hurt at every slight
you got to have a hide as thick as an
armadillo I mean because you're getting
pricked all the time so yeah I thought
that was good cat girl says Tommy is
very bright exactly you know what I I
mean every time I talk with him he's
sophisticated arguments very thoughtful
I
he comes with pockets of knowledge or
ideas that they're always at one time
we're gonna get that a boy he's a
thinking man he's a thinking man I don't
actually know if he had a formal
education it's very thoughtful very
thoughtful Oh miss lil piggy says Nigel
écoles bulldog Tommy equals lion UK
needs a lion at this time well is that
it I use the phrase the last line that's
how I sometimes describe Tommy and I say
the government wants to put that lion in
a cage I think you're lying Bulldogs I
think that's great I might borrow that
Wayne Johnson join for Britain well the
thing is you know can you avoid the
split ISM that's my point okay you know
I'm I'm just scrolling through the
comments if you want me to read your
comment just put it in highlight and
I'll render good I don't know if I told
you this this time but the fun thing
about the super chat is we get I think
it's 70% of the dose so if you want to
help the rebel you chip in a couple
pounds couple quid whatever a couple
dollars and we get seven percent that's
not a ton but it helps pay bills let's
check it's 12:40 where two thirds of the
way through I want to shift gears now I
feel like we're out of the heavy duty
sad stuff so I cannot I want to talk to
you do we have a still image of the meme
of salt Bay there's this guy he's just
got this outrageous style and he's being
mean you know what I mean by that he
says all these little Facebook images
and Twitter images putting salt on
stakes and he's got this goofy nickname
because of that salt Bay and he sort of
has this movie takes a salt and he he
puts his arm like that he and just to
show the mean of salt based so people
know what I'm talking about and he's a
guy who is a chain of restaurants there
you know and he's he's sort of hip and
he's he's he's looking sort of cool and
he has that move where he he throws salt
on things so that little image there
which is sort of funny there's like a
gazillion there but he's a real guy and
he is a chain of steak houses in Turkey
of all places and he's an over-the-top
showman and he does all these new you
know I've ever been to a Benihana or
something like that where you know you
sit around the big cooking thing and
they put on a bit of a show they chop up
things and they you know the cook it in
front of you and it's part of the fun
and there's sort of I'm not gonna say
they're actors but they they're dramatic
like they they make a big noise chopping
and they they flip some knives around a
little bit it's a hoot
I think salt Bay as he's nicknamed is
the Benihana of Turkish restaurants but
about it twice the price point anyways I
I follow about five different Venezuela
Liberty Twitter feeds what I mean by
that is I follow Venice around
Venezuelans in Miami
that's an excellent Twitter feed if
you're curious about getting the truth
about Venezuela obviously you're not
going to get it from Venezuela because
it has an authoritarian regime that
limits free speech but there's a lot of
Venezuelans in Miami so I'm an expat
community just like there's a lot of
Cuban expats and they are very active
and if you're curious at all about
Venezuela just sign up - I just want to
get the right name of this and I'm gonna
have my producer friends put it on TV
because I you know I'd love it if you
guys
then venez Orlando's I just want to get
it right okay I'm not gonna waste time
doing right right now but I follow on
account venez hola knows and me ami
that's the one thank you
that's the one just scroll down a bit so
these as you can see these are
Venezuelans in Miami thanks for finding
that and you can see if you want and and
oh stop go back up go back up you see
that video there that's what I was going
to show you okay let's show the one on
the right and then hold this what
want to come back to this venez hola
ninos huh and me I'm me ah me I can't do
the accent let's the shoulder to the
salt bay when I and have my sound up so
I can't okay so this is this is Hugo
Chavez successor Nicolas Maduro there's
salt bay
there's sulfate he's got the look look
at you shut the he's thrust in the
pelvis he's putting on a show and then
he's doing some chop chop and I don't
know if that's lamb or what that is and
he's cutting it and then he and then
there's nicolas maduro fat like me and
there's salt baby behind them and got
the t-shirts he's got a cigar keep
rolling keep rolling this to the very
end and he's good and there's salt bay
looking toilet like a tiger wearing his
sunglasses indoors low-cut shirt showing
them pecs and he's with the tyrant of
caracas now i'm not mad at salt bay
you're in turkey you're living under a
bit of an authoritarian regime okay and
this is his private cigar humidor
with those cigars I don't know where
those are are those
Cohiba Escondido is a hundred bucks a
pop I don't know and look at this arm
guard look at the armed guards there's
all these guys have submachine guns look
at this gorgeous restaurant but look at
that look at this guy he's got a
submachine gun doesn't that look like a
gorgeous steakhouse like you're not
getting out of there for less than 100
bucks American a place and there's that
fat and the only reason why I call him
pack a I'm fat too but being because his
own people are starving there's salt
bait toilet the Toyota Blue Man button
ponytail cool sunglasses now can you go
back to that Venezuela nose on Miami and
can you blow that up to full size is it
possible to do that I just want to see
they're very clever the Venezuelans in
Miami go back to that Twitter image
where on the right they're showing super
fat nicolas maduro hugo chavez
illegitimate undemocratic on the left
there
Venezuelans literally digging for scraps
of food in a dumpster
while salt Bay don't tell me that that
piece of meat is less than $200 and the
fans you know did you know that the
average venezuelan the average
venezuelan has lost 18 pounds from
malnutrition in the last year you know
how hard it is to lose 18 pounds if
you're fat like me you know it's almost
impossible imagine losing it not by
choice but from starvation that's what
Venezuela is like wow they're fat and
call them fat because you can call him
fat can you call up can you call up the
the YouTube shot of where he takes a
sandwich out of his out of his drawer on
live TV just youtube search Maduro
sandwich desk so they're starving there
hundreds of thousands of Venezuelans are
fleeing to neighboring Colombia just to
eat they go into the zoos and kill the
animals and eat them there are no dogs
or cats on the street they're eaten this
is a place with literally the largest
oil reserves in the world more than
Saudi Arabia more than Canada's oil
sands the largest oil reserves in the
world well it's actually similar in
viscosity to Canadian oil sands oh it's
very similar so there he is he's doing a
lot like that he's doing this live
broadcast and he reaches into his desk
drawer for a bite of an empanada because
look at that fat so he's even fat on me
I'm 205 weighed myself this morning to
38 I think he's 260 I think he's 260 and
he can't wait through a live national
broadcast he was ruled out from the
beginning because it's okay I won't let
you know that's not just him he's doing
a live national broadcast and he can't
wait ten minutes he's got an empanada
in his desk okay thanks the reason I'm
showing you that is he's starving his
own people he's sneaking empanadas from
his desk and he's going to salt Bay's
right and I'm not against salt Bay and
you live in Turkey you're gonna have a
lot of tyrants pass through and I don't
blame the guy for putting on his show
that's what you do you're a restaurant
you're not a politician it would be
weird to actually say get out I mean I I
wouldn't want Nicolas Maduro in any
place I have to do business with but
that's because I'm political I don't
blame salt Bay for having Maduro come
through but but that's so gross and
allow and and and those armed guards
outside just just the perfect touch to
protect the food so the Maduro can have
all the food more in southern as Rahal
are you see that see I don't mind
telling you I weighed in at 238 and
that's the triple truth by the way now I
did have an extremely heavy t-shirt and
underwear on probably added 10 pounds
plus my glasses these things are about
20 pounds so I think in real life I'm
about a deuce you know but when you ask
how tall I am see that's the thing I
like to say I'm not overweight I'm under
tall duh I'm not overweight just you
know the right way for a guy's like six
foot nine or something
and since you asked I'm gonna answer you
well maybe not maybe maybe that kind of
personal deeply personal information
should only be told to someone who chips
into dollars really chef Jonathan Alec
can you please talk about how many
Canadian jobs at risk if the NAFTA
negotiations are done wrong so you know
want me to talk about how much away
anymore you saying okay
well listen uh I have my own political
opinions but why don't we ask Scotiabank
TD Bank in the National Bank of Canada
those are all three of the senior banks
in this country and all of them have
done economic scenarios forecasting what
would happen if mm-hmm
Donald Trump does indeed come called
carry through and his threats
to put a 20 percent tariff on Canadian
autos and the short answer is a hundred
and sixty thousand direct jobs in Canada
would be lost one six zero zero zero
zero let's just direct so how many jobs
support that jobs tell us you're high no
K you gave a super chat you called me on
my bluff
answers 160,000 direct jobs but who's
kidding who it'll be a snowball effects
because all sorts of other jobs that
support those jobs would cross the
border too
we know for a fact that the banks say it
would cause a recession in this country
and I think it would cause our dollar to
plunge
well maybe twenty percent so maybe you'd
be looking at a sixty cent dollar all
right Ingrid K Warner chips in two
dollars and says tell us your height
that is not a simple answer I know was
just it's just a numbers say the number
all right my whole life I thought I was
five foot eight and a half but I always
said five foot nine because it made me
feel better then I I was applying for
life insurance and they sent a nurse to
my house with her scale to weigh me and
her measurement to measure my height
because they don't trust you right if
you've got like if you want life
insurance especially if you're old and
fat like me
they want to see okay what kind of what
are the goods there we go this guy you
know so this nurse who was representing
the insurance company maybe I shouldn't
say it's a public said and she's working
for the insurance code she's not working
for me right she's the opposite of
working for me if she's serving the
insurance company's interests she'll put
down I'm super fat and super short right
you get where I'm coming from here she
said I was five foot ten my whole life I
thought I was five foot eight and a half
and I sorta lied by saying I was five
foot nine I thought like I didn't talk
about and I'm not short
people don't say who's the shorty maybe
they would more say who's chubby right
they're not gonna say who's short but
when that nurse left that day and said I
was five foot ten for realsies for real
oh my god I strutted like a pika i
strutted like a justin trudeau I thought
I'm five foot ten that is just this much
less than six feet people that's like
six foot minus two is how I described it
how tall are you I'm six foot - - do you
say you're six foot - no I'm still on us
- because when you're five foot ten you
can say things like that and all of a
sudden yeah everything looks a little
shorter I have a different vantage point
if you want me to I could be a
weatherman I could find out if it's
raining slightly before you I can see
just slightly further than you and maybe
I'm just slightly better than you I
wouldn't say all that you say that about
me but being 510 changed my whole world
view it gave me a confidence strutting
around that's your answer
Ingrid kay Warner that's your answer
all right let's check if there's anyone
and is there anyone even watching
anymore
is there anyone even anyone even
watching anybody now everyone's gone you
didn't like that six-foot - -
interesting alright well if anyone's
still there Ben Tomlinson Ezra it's like
five foot nine Minutemen
Manning something conference mm it's
true I am 5 foot 9 I don't think I'm 5
foot 8 and I'm pretty sure in my apply
for 10 but for one day I told everybody
everybody it was like I was a vegan tell
it was like I was on a new gluten-free
diet there was no one I met that next
day who did not learn I was flat for 10
people
Nigel two pounds search Google News
Jeremy Bamber The Guardian
alright I'll bite Jeremy Bamber Guardian
okay alright you see your do a super
chat scientists report cast doubt on
Jeremy Bamber trial evidence lawyers for
man convicted of murdering his family
save vital evidence is undermined
notorious multiple murders okay thank
you for this news tip I am completely
unfamiliar with this subject and it's
1254 I don't propose that I try and
learn in real time about it but I
appreciate you bringing to my attention
I've googled it and I'll look at it I
don't know if there's a political angle
there I'm generally politically focused
if there's a crime or something went
wrong that's interesting but I'm just
unfamiliar with it David Anderson thank
you for your $25 chip in I still say you
are shorter than me as for but give
Tommy Robinson my best well see isn't
that funny I mean the pole you know they
you know the phrase Napoleon complex
because Napoleon was notoriously short
right now I'm just going to Google that
Napoleon height wiki let's see what it
says
does Wikipedia well they say he's been
cited as being anywhere from five foot
two to five foot seven
now remember people were a little
shorter back then because of
malnutrition if he
it was five foot two he would be pretty
short but remember your average guy back
then wouldn't it be like this whole five
foot a foot like Giants like me like
towering specimens of masculine humanity
like me and salt Bay like if I could
just think there's all you other guys
and then there's me and salt Bay kind of
thing so towering specimens of humanity
like me and sabe that's a new phenomenon
you didn't see like this kind of peak
performance you didn't see in the past
because of malnutrition so back then
your average Frenchman probably close to
five three five four kind of things so
if Napoleon really was five two he would
have been a short fella and they're
prolly would have been some
justification to the short man you know
inferiority complex Napoleon complex you
know I'm short so I have to
overcompensate right and that turned
them into an emperor who conquered much
of Europe and parts of Africa in the
Middle East
mmm-hmm there are short people who have
a commanding presence and I don't think
it's necessarily because they're short
oliver oh my god just forgot his name
not oliver stone who's the US military
all of her I just forgot his name
Colonel Oliver North
I forgot that Oliver North I'm told was
short and he would command people who
were like six-foot he would command guys
like monsters like me and salt Bay and
he was short and I remember seeing
someone said I didn't realize until this
group shot of us and Oliver North how
small he was because he was such a
towering presence such a charismatic
powerful force and I think that's true
isn't it if how you perceive someone's
height it's not just how tall or short
they are it's their charisma their
leadership qualities don't you think I
mean that's that's sort of obvious and
it was just Oliver North came to mind
because I remember for
hearing someone's I didn't realize what
a shorty he was until I saw a picture of
us because in my mind he was always
taller than me this is from one of those
giants that bestride the earth like me
and salt-baked so um here's the secret
about Tommy Robinson Hart
now he's not Napoleon short but I'm
guessing these five seven I'm just gonna
whisper that because I don't want too
many people it's five seven but you
wouldn't know it because of the charisma
and the energy and the courage that's my
point
so tall guys like me you know toy like a
toy or like guys like me yeah you know
we really like to lord it over the
little people as we call the rescue but
no Tommy if that's that's a perfect
example of courage and energy and I
would I would I would bet if you had to
guess how tall Tommy is you probably say
six footer like you Ezra okay we're
almost out of time is 1258 a few super
chats Justin Phillips I'm six foot tall
and 210 pounds yeah okay so you're just
barely taller than me and you just a
teeny tiny bit lighter than me so I
could take you Keith McIntosh $5 and the
length of your toadstool asking for a
friend
well I you know I tell you one thing
it's gonna take a lot more than a $5
super chat for that and I'm not saying a
$50 super chat would get that kind of
personal information because who do you
think what do you take me for sir I'm
shocked that you would ask such a
question
$50 super Chad you'll get the answer and
then we just Mike Levine far as we
covered a limit in Quebec and do you
think they had max Eames ear I've only
heard of limit I have not covered them
and perhaps we should cover them some
more I don't want to give an opinion on
them because I simply just don't have
enough facts and by the way if you're
doing research on the moon or any
far-right organisation in Quebec you
can't rely on the mainstream media you
can't rely on CBC because you know
they're a pack of liars the same way
they lie above the rebel of course
they're gonna lie about limit the
more because Quebec is less politically
correct so they're more effective all
right folks guess what it's 12:00 it's
1:00 p.m. and I see there's still three
people watching now so to talk about
toadstools and other things like that
didn't scare everyone away there's still
three before this for viewers there and
two are the producers here so thanks
guys
and and I'm watching solution 3 so
there's some well so I would like to say
to my audience thank you sir
probably someone just left their
computer open and just went to the other
room or something but if there is
someone watching out there right now
thanks man
that's it for today I'm kidding around
this time just you I was just being very
very silly and these these battlegrounds
turned very silly I have no idea why I'd
see it because they're always on Fridays
because I just get in this silly mood
and I and I don't want to just talk
about heavy things like starving
Venezuelans and Tommy going back to
prisons it's okay that I joke around a
little bit
I try to if every joke and make about
someone else I try to make the same joke
about myself
it's that okay so that's what we do here
on Fridays if you want more serious
stuff I have a deathly serious story for
you tonight at 8:00 p.m. on my Regular
Show
it's about the mass shooting in Toronto
the left two women dead and more than a
dozen injured so if you want heavy stuff
come back tonight this was a little
light-hearted and I apologize for that
but only slightly alright folks until
next time on behalf of all of us here at
rebel world headquarters to you at home
keep fighting for freedom
you
