the left wants you to think there's a
huge surge in support for a second
brexit referendum but is there I saw
something pretty interesting on daily
politics professor John Curtis you know
him if you're into politics he's the guy
that they have on as a political expert
on the BBC every time there's an
election you see him all night is a mad
hare and he's a you know going away with
the numbers and he's brilliant I love
the guy but he's been analyzing polls
for the BBC this time about how the
British people feel about a second
referendum and there's been multiple
polls thrown around you've probably seen
them in the papers over the last year
some suggesting a large surge in support
for a second referendum and others
suggesting a decline but I think John
Curtis has gotten this absolutely right
take a quick look at this clip oh and
Alastair Campbell said earlier that
there's been a big shift in support for
a second referendum and Rachel Sylvester
said as well that momentum is building
for it I called professor John Curtis
and I asked him the that question and
this is what he told me there is no
consistent evidence of a shift in
support for a second referendum he told
me that because he's been looking at the
work of four different pollsters who
have all been tracking this issue
consistently and two of them say that's
support for a second referendum is
growing and two of them say that it's
falling so that's why he says there's no
consistent evidence of the support for
it growing interest in is well it does
depend what kind of question you ask so
if you ask people if they want another
referendum then that's not very popular
but if you ask people if they would
support the people having the final say
then that is more popular so that
complicates it as well so what I found
interesting about that is that the polls
suggest according to Curtis who I
believe there's no consistent growth in
a desire for a second referendum but
people are more interested in the idea
when they're told about the option of
having a say on the final deal so pitch
it in two different ways
second regs at referendum people say no
because obviously we had a referendum
it's not democratic to just keep
changing trying to change people's minds
but if you offer people the the chance
to have a final say then it all gets a
bit different so that's not to say
people support the idea of a people's
vote which is what is being pushed by
Jeanne Miller in the Liberal Democrats
and what people are saying is they want
a say on the final deal but what they
really want to do the Liberal Democrats
I mean the Gina Miller's and all those
love their people's vote idea is
actually about splitting the vote three
different ways which is different to
what the people are actually saying they
want what they want to do is allow
people to choose to leave in one way
leave in another way or overturn the
results of the referendum splitting the
vote three ways and therefore giving
them the advantage allowing people to
change their mind and overturn the
decision and go back to normal
that's what Gina Miller in the Liberal
Democrats want that's what the people's
vote is but that's not what people are
saying they want in these polls because
it's that what they're doing is
splitting the brexit vote essentially
and making it easier for them to
overturn it and what the people seem to
be saying is that maybe we should have a
say on how we deliver breaks it not
whether we should even consider
overturning the result but how we
deliver drags it and you can't really
blame them given the way that Theresa
Mays handle this it's an absolute
shambles you know that some people have
been turned away from braixen because
they think well sure it can't work
because they've handled it that badly
it's a really really bad situation and I
think it's interesting the idea of
having a vote on how we do it because
the British people may well be
interested in going to the polls again
to tell to reason may that actually we
want to know deal because we already
know that most Brits don't like the
checkers deal a Skye data poll showed
that just 18 percent 18 percent of
British people approved of the checkers
deal and she's been out in Europe
Austria Salzburg at a summit and all EU
leaders as a reported yesterday have
said that sorry the checkers deal won't
work
and then Theresa May turns around and
says well the checkers deal is the only
plan on the table and it's so ok looks
like we're heading for no deal which is
fine by me
by the way so what do you think if we
had a say on the final deal and not a
second referendum as Gina Miller
proposes how do you think people would
vote would it be checkers or No Deal
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand-new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
