sucks
you think he's what sorry sucks he sucks
why does he suck sir I like them why is
that you're saying he takes crack first
your dad well judging by the hysterical
reaction from the usual suspects you
would think that Premier Doug Ford's
decision to use the notwithstanding
Clause to trump a judge's decision was
the death of democracy as we know it yet
pretty mere Ford had to use a nut with
standing cause of his goal of cutting
Toronto City Council in half was to be
realized
nevertheless what the members of
generation Trudeau after dark have to
say about this one
Doug Ford enacting the notwithstanding
Clause it's front page news this week I
don't know and I have been trying to
keep up on it watching CBC it BBC yes
I've been watching CBC I've been
listening to CBC about it um what do I
think about Doug Ford I think he has had
maybe an accident a little prematurely
like is that what CBC told you to say no
oh fuck what rebel maybe our question
tonight we're asking people what they
think of Ontario Premier Doug Ford
enacting the notwithstanding Clause the
what clause do you want to know what I
really think
absolutely okay so I just can't think
right now
do we necessarily want government run by
non elected judges yeah that's a weird
one eh it's it's that's that's where
it's like it's like you're not elected
by the people so like why are you why
are you in charge but like you got to
realize it's like you take a step back
it's like you need that kind of check
checks and balances sort of situation
that like third party I mean they're
trained professionals hopefully they're
not corrupt or whatever but yeah I know
I get yeah I mean like but he what he
won he won right like he's the People's
Voice right now people want him to do
his thing where do you weigh in on this
it's what the people want in my opinion
are Alesi is much wrong with that
because if you have a larger council
there's probably more dispute the
question ma'am is what do you think of
Premier Doug Ford and acting me
notwithstanding Clause earlier this week
is it a thing global warming you can't
tell me it's not I thought it was
climate change these days are you
kidding me back the global warming the
number one cause of global warming is
people eating beef i yes people eating
beef equals to one if you eat one burger
that equals twenty showers in one month
that's how much water goes into one
pound of beef hot dogs down there
because I know that's a sure way of
saving the planet uh have you guys
watched cowspiracy on netflix he's
literally taking the same model as like
Trump and it's Canada it's not gonna
work for that long they're comparing
duck for two basically it's the Canadian
Donald Trump and we know what Donald
Trump's like ideas are on climate change
which are all wrong now I don't know I
mean it makes sense to cut it down if so
many
you just changed my entire political
views in 30 seconds oh did I know that
that could be mutton that's my best
achievement of the year folks I changed
somebody's entire political views of 30
seconds um more people Wow
pretty heavy isn't it more people there
are the harder it is to make a decision
I mean no actually no it wouldn't it
doesn't know you're going back on your
decision back home itis it doesn't
matter how many people that are if
you're shrinking the amount of people
that are making the decision all equally
then it's still gonna be the same ratios
of people making the same decisions
sorry what would you like to see Doug
Ford do about climate change then what
do you what do you what do you think of
a premiere Doug Ford enacting me
notwithstanding Clause sir I think he's
a great guy and it's all I have to say
very profound thank you have a good
night sir hey folks this is the only
news channel where you're gonna see what
members of generation Trudeau after dark
have to say on the issues of the day
please like and subscribe and enjoy the
ride
