so we have the body positivity and
movement I just love how these people
call these movements they make it seem
so positive and if you're against it
that means you're against something good
but it's really a massive misnomer that
this is not really what this is about
we've gone from that to a whole new
level now we have acne positivity
movement that's right
acne positivity movement this is not a
joke this is completely serious I saw
this in an article and they say after
years of oppressive aesthetic perfection
what oppressive aesthetic perfection
what in the world are they even talking
about I mean it this just sounds like
liberal jargon I'm already tuning out so
these words in these phrases I just
can't deal with it but they go on to
talk about beavers Instagram post that
claimed temples are in today pimples are
in apparently I don't know what's going
on here because I mean I get it I
understand it's fairly natural this is
not quite like the body positivity
movement where they're promoting fat
people because you can't really control
acne it just happens it's really nothing
you do about it so I get it just try to
deal with it and own it and you
shouldn't be like oppressed about it but
come on do we really have to go this far
make a serious movement out of it to be
honest no one even really cares about
pimples that much I mean if you're a
girl you can have some pimples and I'm
pretty sure a guy's gonna still want to
go out on a date with you they don't
really care it that much I just wonder
what's next I'm not sure I want to be
part of this movement I'll hide my
pimples when I get them Thanks it's
understandable why people prefer nice
clean skin it's
simply the fact that we are attracted to
health and good clear skin is an
indicator of health so it's intuitive we
just instinctively like clear skin and
and that's the way it is you can't just
change society and expect us to just
force us to be attracted to pimply skin
it's just not gonna work that way these
people are constantly talking about
Society in society's pressures and
institutionalized things but really
they're the ones trying to input
something that is just intuitively
instinctively against what we are about
as animals and trying to force us to
like something and be attracted to
something and think that something's
normal they just can't let biology be
biology we like clean healthy skin
because it's a sign of health that's as
simple as that
last year team vogue launched the
inaugural acne Awards I mean I'm sorry
no matter how many articles you write
and how much you push this and how many
celebrities you have backing this I'm
not really going to find a pussy face of
acne and blackheads and whiteheads and
inflamed skin attractive and I'm not
gonna want to openly just show that
either sorry you can keep trying to push
this stuff on me I'm not gonna find fat
people attractive and I'm not going to
find pimples and pus attractive yeah
sure I accept it it's part of the world
people have it but I stop trying to get
me to be attracted to it it's not gonna
happen if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
