what you just saw was a floor collapsing
while people were jumping during a frat
party at Clemson University
this honestly looked like something out
of the Apocalypse
apparently around 30 partygoers went to
the hospital after the incident with
cuts broken bones and fractures but
there were no life-threatening injuries
this isn't the first issue clemson has
had with Greek life on campus though the
school temporarily suspended all of its
frats and sororities in fall 2014 after
sophomore pledged Tucker Hipps died by
falling from a bridge after a fight
involving him not buying breakfast for
the brothers and other pledges now
Tucker's parents sued Clemson for fifty
million dollars and eventually settled
for two hundred fifty thousand then the
next year 2015 Clemson banned its
fraternities and sororities from buying
booze and holding drinking games this
wasn't a total prohibition though the
group's just had to follow and bring
your own beer rule the Greek groups were
also slapped with a limit on non-member
guests at parties had to pay for extra
security at those parties and take
courses on drugs sexual misconduct and
hazing I've covered frats and frat bands
a couple of times here on campus
unmasked and I think you can break the
issue down into two points security and
freedom of association having a band
looming over their heads gives frat
members a great incentive not to commit
sexual assault or force their members to
drink until they die from alcohol
poisoning I don't so much care about the
hazing so long as it's only humiliating
and not illegal so banning frats can
work but you have to make sure you're
punishing bad individuals not the
collective then of course there's the
freedom of association side of the coin
Harvard University has created
punishments for students who join frats
and sororities such as not being able to
apply for campus leadership positions or
get endorsements for prestigious
scholarships but these sanctions were
not because of bad behavior so much as
the fact that the groups were single
gender while giving their members a leg
up in the professional world you would
think that the most prestigious
university in the u.s. perhaps on the
planet would know that you don't punish
freedom of association just because
members of groups help one another and
guys and girls sometimes like hanging
out with their own gender you would
think for campus unmasked I'm Rob
Sherman shocked
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
you
