there was a bizarre sidebar story
regarding the protest outside of
Vancouver courthouse on Saturday
pertaining to the murder of
thirteen-year-old Marisa Shen namely one
woman tossed coffee upon another woman
as she passed by but because the coffee
tosser was wearing a hijab
well nothing to see here folks
Canadians from coast to coast have
reacted with outrage regarding the
murder of 13 year old Marisa Shen
charged with her murder is one of Justin
Trudeau's Syrian refugees 28 year old
ibrahim ali who if you believe the
ongoing coverage about the story is
apparently a really nice guy well mostly
allegedly at any event a woman by the
name of laura lynn thompson was standing
in solidarity with the chinese community
last saturday and someone who I assume
is a Muslim given that she was clad in a
hijab well she walked past Thompson and
threw coffee on her yes outside a
Canadian courthouse apparently a Muslim
for whatever reason decided to dispense
a little Sharia law check out this photo
from Twitter you see the media was there
they witnessed this you can see the CBC
Mike flash but there was no coverage of
this incident why well i reached out to
the CBC spokesman Chuck Thompson made
some calls to CBC's vancouver bureau and
here's the official answer for cbc
silence quote the focus of our story was
about the proceedings inside the
courtroom and the passion for the
immigration debate that said we featured
miss Thompson in the headlines off the
top of the newscast and then again
during the story using a video clip
where she can be heard talking about her
concerns we also acknowledge the
tensions outside the courthouse but in
as much as there was a lot going on
outside we stuck to the key issues of
the story the murder of Marissa Shen the
men accused of her murder and the
conversations that provoked end quote oh
yeah
key issues of the story a I guess
assault captured on camera is not a key
issue or any kind of issue for that
matter
I'll ask my follow-up question which
admittedly is hypothetical went
unanswered for example I asked what if
the roles were reversed here let's say
it was Thompson who tossed coffee on the
he jabber then what would happen oh I
think
as something like this would happen this
morning me and my brother were walking
together to school and sadly I'm
somewhat insulted me by cutting my head
job two times and it's and I felt really
scared and confused because I didn't
feel comfortable that people are doing
this and that was of course Kawau no man
back in January when she talked about an
Asian man shredding a hurry jab just one
hitch it never happened and the Asian
assaulter was about as real as Edward
Scissorhands but before police could
gather a scintilla of evidence the
Toronto District School Board actually
staged a press conference headed up by a
minor it was standing room only for the
media everyone from the mayor and the
premier and the prime minister they all
weighed in and the narrative of course
was that Islamophobia was running wild
in the streets of hog town and when the
hijabs shredding was revealed to be a
big fat halal hoax what did our elected
officials do well Meritor one took the
cake for being in the Islamist apologist
here's what he said folks quote making
mistakes and telling the odd tale at age
11 is part of growing up those of us who
are older know that though few of us
learn that lesson on TV end quote
yeah kids will be kids they say I think
there's still a $10,000 reward
outstanding for anyone who finds the
mayor's missing testicles as for the
media how did they respond to what
became known as the hijab hoax
well they collectively embraced the
catch phrase of Emily Litella
and so it is that back in Vancouver a
white woman being victimized by a he
Jabbar just doesn't fit the media
narrative you know that Islam is the
religion of peace and that white people
who aren't Muslims are a bunch of
good-for-nothing supremacist except of
course the white people in the Liberal
Party and the media party they are
agents of change for the better of
course in the aftermath Vancouver Police
are investigating this incident which is
make no mistake a garden-variety assault
are you hopeful charges will be laid and
a fine or jail time will result I'm not
and yes i base it on personal experience
because in Canada the ongoing unofficial
mantra by those in power and those
working in the media and even sometimes
those in law enforcement is this if it's
as Lama kits good and if it's good its
Islamic and as we saw on Saturday should
a Muslim behave badly even with the
cameras rolling and the mics hot well to
paraphrase the slogan of the three
monkeys hear no evil see no evil report
no evil for the rebel media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
