you say your policy on migrants is zero
but you're not
this isn't against all migrants no no
it's about illegal migration it's about
those who are trying to come and not to
work not to sue not to pay their taxes
but to build themselves up that's what
it is everyone is very welcome in Poland
everyone submit your documents apply for
you or for your visa apply for it for
your permission to be here we're gonna
check out if you're another threat to
the society and you are very welcome
you're not North Korea that no one can
leave and come in but we are logical and
we are trying to be safe and secure our
families that's it and for those that
don't know how many terror attacks have
happened in Poland zero none none and I
love the zero I'm trying to repeat it
every single time zero there was nothing
than any accident as it's cold
no nothing accidently driven into
accident so the Dakar decided to
accidentally accord oh my god these cars
they are terrible's these days so he
nothing zero absolutely zero zero
illegal immigration
and what I mean by zero is that when
this madness was started by a girl
America when she decided to take like
hundreds and hundreds of thousands then
she find out that they are not a cheap
labor that they want to do they don't
want to learn language they don't want
to contribute to the society by their
taxes but they want money they want
social and they want to blow themselves
up sometimes so she decided that mmm so
we've got a problem let's say that this
is European problem I started it so
let's spread them around let's do this
quarter system and that's why that's
when we said no no no my love we're not
gonna take any of those keep them pay
for them we're not gonna take
responsibility for your madness and
you've said so Poland has taken zero of
angular Merkel's migrants that she's
tried to foist
that's correct and this is what we that
this is what we promised during the
campaign because she was looking for a
cheap labour McCrone when he won on the
election night he says that he wants to
change European Union
win
many so he doesn't want to cooperate
with with the member-states but he's
gonna change your Germany so you know
what France and and and Germany stay
there if you don't like European Union
with Poland Hungary and artists you can
stay and have your own European you know
we're not gonna leave what they trying
to say they're trying to dude they're
trying to say oh you should leave you or
they want these governments are so
populist they want to leave you know no
if you don't like European Union with us
you're gonna leave you're not good if
we're going to change it and on that
point recently in the last week couple
of days Poland came out in support of
Hungary that's correct
so Hungary was an effect being penalized
it was there was going to be factions
applies because it refused to take the
quota only Poland came to the rescue if
you will of hungry and said no we're
gonna veto it only it is true only
Poland in this debate but there are
countries who are still wavering that's
right
Austria Italy they are still shaken I
don't think they will you know I don't
want to say that but if there will be
another terror attack society will push
on the government's I'm very proud of
the eternal minister in Italy a
councillor of Austria doing good a whole
visit of their group is behind us maybe
they are not so brave but they are
supportive step by step they will they
will speak out I'm sure about it and
it's not only about it's not about only
damn I think the whole European Union
knows how bad it is and and something a
message from you so when I put up on
Twitter that I'm meeting you here in the
Parliament building people say can we
have him please can we have him in our
Parliament please please can he come and
talk some sense to our leadership so
what's your message for people like to
resume after a terror attack a terrible
attack let's say Manchester and she runs
out she says we stand united you know
thoughts and prayers we won't be defeat
all the sports and prayers come on come
on what pray is it is it in
as a Muslim prayer or as a Christian
prayer or what prayer is it the whole
crisis is about our identity
it's not about migration it's about who
you are and and our identity in the
future so what I would like to tell them
Theresa May and the rest be brave
because the history will judge you the
history will will show your acts
decision and your you know everyone is
trying to say about our long island lady
how great she was doesn't that be the
same be brave it's not worth it to risk
your own life and and the life of your
people on the sake off of some moment in
the history which is no wonder when
you're in the seat and tell me do you
think it used to be polish people come
into UK all these Polish people come to
the UK do you think that wave is turning
the other way do you see people from say
my country the UK other countries
Germany looking hungry actually
I walk first of all I worked hard I was
legally I contributed by my taxes and
then I came back because I love my
country I know that this is the country
of opportunity this is what it is I
visited Sweden two weeks ago and they
says we want to know do you mind if I
said I don't mind because they are
scared the friend of one he took me to
the one of no guns
no go zones and so I started to record
him sis are you crazy you wait while you
rinkeby or Malmo can't remember it
wasn't mammal but one of those don't get
your phone and he says he crazy already
D already watching we have believed now
so it was like 20 30 seconds and we
would be attacked because of my phone in
the right guy yeah so so that was that
was scary and then and then the guy on
one of the meetings thing he says okay
so how many no-go zones dear
I said have no go zones
you can go what it but then this is what
yeah but where can I not go and in terms
of for people listening
Poland's track record in terms of safety
for women what do you mean well my
understanding is that Poland is the
safest safest it's number one in the
whole continent not you're my number one
so Poland is number one in the whole of
Europe as a continent not only European
Union in the whole of Europe Hong Kong
safety the safest and we have number
four we are number four on the lowest
unemployment it's it's the lowest in
history so we need people to work
actually we need professionals and we
are number three about the economy it's
just great it's just booming but the
most bit but the most important thing is
safe you know it's much better to air it
less and be alive that'd be a
millionaire and to be stopped
that's how I see live and that's how I
see future of Poland in history for poll
because I'm a politician at the moment
and we are all gonna go one day from the
Parliament and we are gonna go gonna die
so my son my grandson will be safe if
we're gonna take action now and this is
what our government do this is what we
does and when you think of list of
countries because our audience but a
treble media they are from Canada
they're from America Africa Australia
the countries that you see you know when
I see as as a sort of trajectory England
the UK is very far down it's lost I'm
really sorry for you I really feel sorry
for you
London has fallen right and Sweden is
fallen in my mind where do you see other
countries following behind that
internationally when you when you spot
them you go you're not far away from
following the UK down a very bad Road
look at all those countries look at look
at what's happening in Paris and France
great daughter of the church what's
happened with you friends what has
happened need you then you've got
Luxembourg then you've got Netherlands
it's so bad when I live I'm the delegate
for the Council of Europe when I when I
listen to what they order you're talking
about when when they have these meetings
and committees and all this and that
these countries were they are having
these leftists left his government
they're crazy
I'm really sorry the Prime Minister
Canada and Prime Minister is following
this this terrible track and if he's not
gonna be changed
Canada is gonna be gone and that's why
Trump Donald Trump President Trump is so
important for the world now because
until he's winning no one really
believed to change as possible so my
message would be do you believe and a
change vote wipe them out get leftist
into the history and take responsibility
into your hands it's not about you it's
not about the moment that you're a
politician it's not about your seat it's
about your daughters which might be
raped
do not let your daughters to be raped by
the Islamist because this is what is
happening now in in Germany in France in
Sweden if you love your daughter
don't let Islamist to write to her this
is just a picture this is just a symbol
and as a you know someone like myself
who's a trump supporter who's a massive
supporter of what's going on here in
Poland and in Hungary you know this idea
that we see a hope both in America with
Trump and a hope here with Poland and
Hungary
what is that what is that bigger hope is
it this grouping of strong European
leaders like yourself like in Italy with
salvini is that the new hope for you I
think it's a I think it's a it's a we
are having a new elites because in the
past European elites were leftist
calling themselves Democrats or whatever
they call themselves leftist post
communists there were there were elites
now and I think we were having a new
elites which are really elites I'm not
talking about myself about mr. Trump and
others who are who wants to change
because too many people died I still
trying to say that this is not about
this it's not about politics
it is but not politics itself forward
politicians it's about the future so
people are really scared that's why I
want you to have a walk with me more so
to see the difference yeah yeah I do and
it is a feeling you have you know many
you have a feeling in Sweden central
Sweden vs. or something again you know
it's a dangerous place Nancy tell me how
many mosques there are in also I do not
know any to be honest none I do not know
any really and I know that I know that
the Saudis offered to build one so I
responded I said if you want to build
the mosque I don't mind because it's a
free country democratic country but
we're gonna bind the pay-for for the
cathedral in Saudi Arabia so so then on
the silent of years no one really
responds I don't mind really if they
want to have a partners you tell me tell
me tell me what's the solution in the UK
where we're already so far down a trail
where so many of us feel lost so many
people regular Brits good fit Brits feel
lost you are in a place where you don't
have a high density Muslim population
you don't have mosques you are against
illegal immigration so you are protected
you're protecting your borders are we is
there any hope for the UK send them back
I'm serious send them back if they're if
they are illegally or if they don't have
a permission to be just send them back
that's what President Trump is trying to
do salute to send maximum which are
really built that's number one then
well your process you're so down now I
mean I'm not sure if there's a hope but
you have to fight for whatever for
whatever just left to be honest because
you know that in local councils you
can't win now in London if you don't
have a support for Muslims now so who's
in charge in your country is that just a
piece of land which is run by the
Muslims or is it still Great Britain it
used to be great no it's political Islam
so so that's the problem I think you
have to you have to speak out I
you're really doing a good job very
important for the society you have to
speak out and you cannot let anyone to
put you in that box of the shame people
or shame people who are called fascists
don't let them using this Islamophobia
term all the time I mean if they want to
they can call me an elephant you know
but we have to say it all the way you
know you know what I mean we've got the
same I don't have to prove in Poland
that I don't have to prove that I am NOT
a camel this is the same in Poland you
know and what is it then what is it
about Polish people about the people who
voted for your party about the people
that said actually we want to stand up
for Poland being like Poland what is it
about your culture that made it
resistance to history history we know
how it is not to be independent we know
how it is to be occupied we know how it
is to to be without identity for 426
years we've been occupied by Soviets for
seventy years we had we were forced to
be at least the church was not just kind
of underground Church so we had German
occupation that we had Soviets for 70
years and we really cherish our freedom
we don't lose it by radical Islamists we
had Hitler we had stalling we're not
gonna let any of those coming back in
any time of the history so I think sadly
you have to suffer for some time I think
to really to feeling feel the value of
freedom of a Christian identity and
Christian identity I'm not I'm not
saying that everyone has to be a
Christian but we are in Europe Christian
identity as a green philosopher as a
Christian culture as a Roman law as the
part of our life if you want to have a
Sharia law I don't mind be open be
merciful as they say because they tried
to say that this is humanitarian
attitude you know stick it just take it
you know this humanitarian I don't care
if they trying to tell us that they are
better than us they better human open
you have to be you have to show your
solidarity I don't have to do it all I
have to do is to care about my family
this is what our government does I hear
you know Italy
leading the charge Poland Hungary
Austria's verging on the edge where they
will what other country is gonna follow
well I hope I hope 28 countries 28
member states of you will if not your
ego will collapse that's it I thought
that would be that we if this madness
will not be stopped the European Union
will follow I don't want it but this is
this is what it's going to happen that's
why I'm absolutely sure the next
elections may 2010 e18 to European
Parliament will just change the face of
the European Parliament and will change
the politics in in you're 100% sure
because what is happening now people are
you see for so many years we've been
called many names and they the media
liberal leftist media they created a
picture of us
I mean conservatives as a less educated
less attractive won't even touch it you
want to go close to it
deplorable that's right that's right so
that's this one this one were changed
the whole yeah that's right that's how
campaign change that's why mr. Trump won
and now I think we are shaked and and I
think awake and we don't care I mean in
Poland we don't care to be called
fascists no you know because you know I
don't have to prove that I'm not a
combat okay my grandpa fought with
fascists I hate fascist I hate
communists
you know by the way Hitler killed sixty
million people and Stalin killed 200
million people so what's worse the be
called fascist or standing is there
Stalinists even if not this is a second
or third generation of communists you
know and and if they call me fascist I
call them Stalinist I don't really care
so again what I care is my mom have a
good nice lunch on Sunday with my mom
outside and garden no one is shouting
there's no mosque and all this and that
again it's not about Islamophobia it's
not about this or that religion if
you're Muslim you want to come if you
want to pay the taxes in Poland if you
don't want to blow yourself up you can
submit and ask and ask for a permission
then our Minister will decide if you are
if you are needed in our society yeah
and tell me if the EU fell apart
tomorrow will there be a new union of
like-minded European nations like
yourself like hungry like Italy is there
a new European Union a braver bolder one
that's a possibly possibly but that
would be very painful process for many
and you see politicians will take care
of themselves leftists it's just a shame
it's a shame and I'm really sorry for
all this nation's so I don't want
European Union to fall at the moment it
has to be changed and we're gonna change
it Poland will change it hardly will
change it's Italy Austrian artists they
will join us and we're gonna change it
so we have to fight for it you know the
easiest way is just to leave the party
if you don't like it yes very true
so like the child so yeah oh that's it
you know yeah I don't like you anymore
no we like it we like this club everyone
is equal if you don't like this look at
this club Germany and France you can
leave we're not gonna leave you're not
gonna take over because it's not your
you don't own it you don't own us right
so that's how I see but if it would you
know it's hard to say what would have
happened probably there would be a group
of let's say 15 countries join together
for some kind of cooperation but not yet
I love cuz I really wanted to see that
meeting I'd love to I mean you know I
would love yeah I'd love to meet her and
then speak to her and ask her why she's
still calling herself a Christian
Democrat that's the very very basic
question first of all why she's is
calling her say Christian and why she's
calling her Democrat she what she does
has nothing to do with a democracy why
they hiding the facts about the race of
illegal Muslim immigrants for over 12
months why they hiding all this
information what is happening why you
know there's so many questions which
proves that she has nothing to do with
democracy
so she's calling her self Christian
Democrats next key she's gonna call
herself Pope you know it's just
ridiculous you know it's just it's just
full of lies and do you think as well
that
rhett and Link and you know I've seen it
happen in the UK we're seeing in our
parts of America where if you import a
population of individuals that you know
will vote a certain way Democrat labor
then abortion perpetuating the cycle so
you're importing your voters which you
don't do yeah you know we don't have to
import anyone because we have support in
our own Society I saw the voting results
in Sweden obviously in the minoan
address is like 89 percent for
socialists so we know that they are
bringing them to have support which
means that they don't really care about
identity they call it diversity and
enrichment it wouldn't be rich Whitman
if one of those politicians daughter
would be raped or killed it won't be a
Richmond anymore so we don't have to do
it and it's so cynical and it's they
should be jailed for it
they should be jailed and having been in
Sweden and observed the voting there and
I've received many reports of electoral
fluke fraud in Sweden do you think
that's accurate do you think it's likely
that the Swedish Democrats polled in the
region of I wasn't I wasn't officially I
wasn't there as observer I was invited
for foreigner for the evening election
evening but I heard the relations that
there was a huge number of kind of so I
can't say that officially but I I heard
from the people that that was serious
that that was very serious
if they would get to three percent more
there would be in a government they
would create the government's own Iran
thank you very much
you
