Justin Trudeau has set up a new
Department of the CBC called kids news
it's the strangest thing it's political
commentary written by adults but read by
child actors targeting your children
there are a few stories that are not
political but almost every single story
has a little leftist eight corn in it to
be planted in your child's mind
sometimes it's shockingly obvious
sometimes it's more subtle but it's
always weird and the whole thing is set
up as a trick it pretends to be kids
talking to kids but child actors as
young as ten years old they don't write
their own lines they don't follow the
news they don't make the journalistic
decisions of the state broadcaster they
don't make production decisions or story
decisions a ten year old that's still
learning times tables and spelling I'll
actually come to think of it they're
probably not learning times tables and
spelling they're probably learning about
six gender sex ed I'm not getting one of
the stories these kids were talking
about to other kids
was how mean Ontario Premier Doug Ford
is for scrapping the child sex
curriculum
here's CBC kids interviewing Jasmine who
just happened to be at a rally in
support of this extreme sex ad and she
knew her lines
so that's Jasmine she's 11
now the CBC has a policy not to put
minor children on TV without following a
lot of rules as in their parents have to
approve so who is Jasmine who were her
parents what's your last name who wrote
that comment for her was she really a
protester or is she working for the CBC
or or both is her parents with the CBC
what was she really had this rally
naturally and just happened to meet the
CBC kids news team there or did they
prearranged to have her there and say
her perfectly scripted lines straight
out of the Liberal Party's transgendered
politics playbook I mean have you ever
seen a real 11 year old speak doubt
this is for real it's really on a
special cbc site called cbc kids news
this is not a parody but was that even
news what you just saw there or what's
that opinion but does an eleven-year-old
really have an opinion about
transgenderism or are they just
parroting their parents opinions or a
cbc producers opinions was that jasmine
an actor we don't know and neither does
your child the targeted recipient of
this opinion and before you ask i
watched the whole video no they did not
have any children giving the other point
of view that maybe an eleven-year-old is
too young to talk about transgenderism
and transsexualism and other extreme sex
ed issues no this isn't news you're
watching this is propaganda have you
ever heard of a state broadcaster
promoting the government's agenda
through children's programming before
well now you have i've heard of a bunch
before but it was in the former soviet
union they had a hero called Pavlik
Morozov became a hero in the soviet
union because he turned in his own
parents for speaking against Joseph
Stalin's communist policies Pavlik
Morozov was given the title informants
number one he was made a hero that all
Soviet children were told to emulate
that the highest honor was listening to
the state instead of your own parents
and he had to turn in your own parents
if necessary but other than that have
you ever heard of a state broadcaster
designing a propaganda show for young
children I'm not cherry-picking here
it's in all of it here's a clip from
another team talking about how excited
he is about Justin Trudeau's marijuana
legislation some people just think of
getting high as an equivalent to having
a glass of wine hey fellow kids have you
ever had a sip of wine maybe mom or dad
lets you have a sip of wine or maybe
you've seen a sip of wine at a
restaurant
well smoking marijuana is just like that
kids and I wouldn't lie to you because I
myself am a kid and not just kid I'm a
kid with the government so you can trust
me don't listen to your parents if
they're all bossy about it
marijuana is just like wine kids and of
course what child doesn't talk like this
and
see legalizing marijuana would mean that
there's lots of new businesses giving
the Canadian government an opportunity
to make a lot of money by taxing
marijuana products yeah that's exactly
how kids who are even too young to have
a driver's license talk well you see
marijuana is good for economic
development you know this sort of thing
is it's a joke it's a great joke here's
my favorite version of this joke as told
on the comedy show 30 rock I was part of
a special task force a very
young-looking cops who infiltrated high
schools
how do you do fellow kids what now
that's the joke version of it and that's
funny but that's what the CBC is doing
here and doing in all seriousness
instead of having some Lane ad all
trying to be cool they just paid child
actors to say the same thing so it
really is fellow kids but you really
think these kids wrote a word of this
themselves don't be absurd now the CBC
lies about it of course here's a page on
their website called meet the CBC kids
News team real kids real news we also
know that kids want to hear from other
kids
that's why we've spent the last few
months working with an editorial board
made up of four kids just like you from
across the country they're the ones in
the video at the top of the page
they help us decide what kids want to
know about what kids have questions
about and what kids are talking about
we're also developing a team of kid
contributors who are eyes and ears on
the ground and you think those kids are
a real editorial board I was on the
Editorial Board of the National Post for
two years every morning we would meet
and pitch stories and then our editor
would confirm our assignments and we
would do the research in the writing and
we would come back and our story would
be edited and then it would be published
sometimes our name was on our own work
sometimes we wrote unsigned editorials
but we were the keepers of the editorial
flame of the newspaper we had different
beats I covered federal politics and
foreign affairs things like that do you
think that's what happens here
do you think that these children meet
every day and decide what they're
working on today what's the breaking
news today and do the research and the
writing and making
any decisions at all do you think
they're the deciders here would you
really think so let me help you they're
not they're actors in fact their
biographies three out of the four stars
they have are literally actors that's
where their CBC biographies say their
child actors hired to sell the
propaganda written for them by the
liberal extremists who do the actual
story selection and actual research and
actual writing and we're not told who
they are because that's the thing about
propaganda it doesn't really work to
have a kids propaganda show if you can
see the adults hand making the child's
puppet move its mouth one of the child
actors is from Toronto his name is Ari
Resnick who's he
well that's irrelevant who he is because
he's nothing but a front more
interesting would be who his parents do
you know any ten-year-old who has
political views different from their
parents I mean ten year olds really
don't have political views at all so if
they do like Pro transgender Jasmine
there it's obvious they're just being a
prop for their parents or just parenting
what they hear but you can't know that
and you can't really find out can you
you can't Google a 10 year old 10 year
olds aren't even supposed to have a
trail on social media they're too young
to have a Facebook account or a Twitter
account or a YouTube account it's
actually against the Terms of Service of
those companies to let children of
tender years on the Internet it would be
really creepy so they're obviously minor
children being animated by someone else
but you can't know who it really feels
like like when those gross you know you
know slightly creepy beauty pageants for
prepubescent girls that are really
dolled up with too much adult makeup
they're too young and they're so
obviously just serving as avatars for
their parents I think that CBC News Kids
thing is a left-wing version of that let
me show you a video done by this
ten-year-old I mentioned Ari Resnick
who's on their editorial board yeah you
had ten year olds on their editorial
board and I'm the king of Spain people
watch this it starts off talking about
Little League baseball now that sounds
like something fun
for a ten-year-old yeah well you can get
sports anywhere no need for that on the
state broadcasters child propaganda wing
you know this is about a teachable
moment you see about the evil Donald
Trump and his war against refugees I kid
you not Ari Resnick this ten year old
child actor was told to read someone's
propaganda lines about a baseball game
and then he suddenly became the voice of
the anti Trump resistance ticularly this
let me explain the teamster flare yo
gamma almost didn't gets a plate at all
because of immigration issues his
parents are Mexican but he was born in
the United States the last few years
Danny's family has been trying to get
refugee status in Canada
but the application is under review
which means gamma is not supposed to
travel that would have meant missing out
on the championship but Team Canada
routed around JAMA in the end the
Canadian government gave them a
temporary visitor permit so he could
play yeah that's propaganda that's super
gross it's gross of re Resnick's parents
for turning him into a little Occupy
Wall Street freak like that it's gross
of the CBC to target your kids with that
it's gross that you and I have to pay
for this through our taxes the whole
thing is really creepy almost every
story you know right now things are
pretty tense between Justin Trudeau and
the Aboriginal community I don't know if
you know this but just the other day
Trudeau visited with a group of First
Nations Chiefs in Saskatchewan some who
had driven in for hours just to meet
with him and because he was late and
because he wanted to get to his next
photo-op he literally had only 10
minutes with them and he told them that
they had to say whatever they came to
say in 30 seconds or less so that's the
reality of Trudeau and Ambridge from
people this week but this week here's
the story that the CBC kids put on their
kids propaganda page after their kids
editorial board meaning it was about a
mouldy school and Aboriginal kids who
came to protest on Parliament Hill and
here's what CBC kids wrote I'm just
kidding we don't know who wrote it I'm
guessing it wasn't ten year old Ari
Resnick I don't think any 10 year old
world would say the words indigenous
Services Minister here let me read after
the kids spoke Jane Philpott the
Canadian politician in charge of making
sure indigenous people have access to
the services they need spoke to the
crowd
the indigenous Services Minister said
she would work with community members to
make sure that you have the very best
possible school to go to I'm serious the
CBC property
the network wrote this and then they
broadcast a very short clip of that
liberal cabinet minister but it sounds
like it was cut short when the kids
started to heckler this is the full clip
to make sure that you have the very best
possible school to go to I know that we
have temporary arrangements for this
year and so just like that child sex
curriculum story they only had one side
of the debate here the liberal side of
course there were no opposition MPs that
would be too confusing for a
ten-year-old six genders isn't too
confusing but actually quoting an
opposition MP or quoting an Aboriginal
leaders saying the Liberals are all talk
and no action why that would be too much
conflict for a ten year old look it
would be too much conflict for a
ten-year-old none of this belongs in the
world of a ten-year-old this is all
grown-up stuff but it's being designed
to radicalize and propagandize your
children it's really creepy one last
example but I could use just about every
single example on this CBC Kids website
this is a story called
what happened on this day no not 9/11
which we just marked not a day like that
are you crazy not a historical a day not
a day of Canadian national importance or
anything like that they were marking the
seventh anniversary of the Occupy Wall
Street protests and that's a us-based
gimmick professional protests funded by
George Soros to attack the u.s.
capitalist system after the banks failed
and were bailed out almost a decade ago
we had some copycat Occupy Wall Street
shanty towns up here in Canada but it
never really took off since our Canadian
banks you know didn't fail and so they
weren't bailed out
we actually got through that 2008
recession better than any other g7
country so this isn't even a thing and
it's not a Canadian thing and it's not a
kid's thing Occupy Wall Street was
adults and it was gross it off and
turned into violence serious riots as
well as lots of sexual assaults and draw
crimes at the shantytowns but to the
simi see this is worth commemorating as
a great historic event to teach her
children what days to mark here let me
quote from the propaganda site on this
day in 2011 the Occupy Wall Street
movement was started by mostly young
people to protest income inequality
worldwide
what is it slogan hang on it's not
really what it was about to protest
income inequality no wasn't it was
anti-capitalist
it was socialist and can you really call
it by mostly young people when it was
funded by a professional leftist in his
70s at the time I don't think so and
then they have a poll to teach you the
motto of this left-wing group they have
a quiz and then interview right or wrong
say do you think they're gonna have a
follow-up to this to show what happens
in Venezuela under occupy wall street
style socialism means since they're in
two foreign news do you think they'll
mark any protests on the right such as
the peaceful law-abiding march for life
rally in Ottawa each year don't make me
laugh I mean I'm sure they're edited
those for child actors ages 10 to 15 I'm
sure when they meet on their conference
call and when they call the meeting to
order it will be on their agenda what a
joke this whole thing is but the bigger
joke is that there are thousands of
journalists who have been laid off in
Canada in the past decade from every
private sector media company in fact
entire newspapers or magazines and radio
stations and TV stations have shut down
real journalists let go some quite good
they're out of work but the state
broadcaster is in hiring real
journalists
there's no journalism at all on this
webpage a 10 year old probably shouldn't
even be taking the public bus by himself
let alone covering a crime story or a
foreign policy story this is not news
and it's not by kids it's at all
propaganda written by the embedded
leftists of the CBC read on screen by
child actors you'd think real
journalists would be appalled by this
it's the definition of fake news it's an
insole
real journalists but I haven't seen a
single peep because journalists all know
the only place that's actually hiring is
justin trudeau state broadcaster and if
you criticize him or them you have no
chance of getting work there so maybe
polish up your resume and send it in to
their editorial board tell Ari that
you're really good at taking Trudeau's
campaign platform and making a
kid-friendly and writing more scripts
for your new bosses the child actors to
read that's the state of journalism in
Canada it's kids propaganda and everyone
including Andrew sheers Conservatives
they seem just fine with that that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
