faith family tradition and immigration
have been some of the most common themes
I've come across during my time talking
to young polish Patriots I wanted to
explore these topics more in-depth and
find out more about Poland's political
and economic situation and who better to
discuss this with than Christoph Bozak
he was formerly the youngest elected
member of the same the lower house of
the Polish Parliament he's now the vice
president of the National Movement and
one of Poland's best-known voices on
immigration Christoph kindly invited me
to his party's Warsaw headquarters to
analyze Poland's political situation
further well the other day we were
outside of a sermon that was taking
place and we met some young guys
involved in military reenactment even
but a young ten year old boy who really
knew his history about Poland it was
really fascinating talking to him so
young people were really keen on going
to church it's not even a second thought
and you know in their mind is it they go
to church that's who they are and
they're quite happy to go it's important
to young people yes for a big part of
any people not for everybody yeah I
should underline it because of course we
have also Liberal youth and people who
are atheists or who are Christians but
do not practice the afraid may 5 but but
but of course for the big part of of
being Christian is still important and
they mmm try to develop their relation
with God and follow Ten Commandments and
so on and I think it is possible because
of the strong family because this is the
place where you get the faith there was
a small minority of the people who are
for a taste families and they converted
let's say I converted to Catholicism but
it's a small minority majority of the
people who are religious and want to
build it from their home and
when they grow up parents for example it
is my example my parents learn me how to
pray we were always going on something
to the church sometimes to the holy day
in the holy days we went not only to
with normal tourism but also with people
from our parish so what is popular in
Poland are also and this movement that
you go for pilgrims in the summer to
places where you pray to Holy Virgin
Mary it's quite popular many many
students go for this billion people I've
seen from these pilgrimage is a
thousands of young people at an opera
it's a huge event and it's happening all
the time right very summer yes so so
this is how it works this is our culture
and this culture is quite strong of
course liberal media try to undermine
this culture and a shame as our five and
show it like something not modern but I
think that we are not very open for this
propaganda not everybody because of
communism because communism used the
same way of shaming people because of
their religion that they are not modern
that it is against science
it was Marxism Marxist line of fighting
with Church and fighting with
Christianity so when we today we hear
the same slogans from liberal
journalists or people who claim
themselves that they are good Europeans
and to being European is something
against being a poll so we do not
believe them of course not everybody but
I think majority yeah and what's really
quite vastly different between Poland
and England is the faith that people
have not just in in their own personal
faith for the faith think
in the church itself in the UK the
Church of England has become so
politicized so insanely left-wing to the
point where that there was a church I
believe in Kingston in London that even
celebrated Muhammad's birthday not so
long ago it seems like that the church
has lost basic faith in itself and
people as a result of lost faith in the
church only 2% of young people in
Britain actually consider themselves
connected to the church it's a bigger
problem in Europe it's a problem of
Protestantism and so splitting some
Christian communities from Catholic
Church and if you split you are changing
not only the organisation of your
Christian community you are also
changing some dogmas because it is
impossible to split from the Rome and so
to change some dogmas so if you change
something one time you have no reason
why not to change many times more and
this is how it happened that from the
Christian faith some of the people in
Anglican Church are now on the position
of cultural Marxism liberalism something
on there another site from the
Christianity I think the second problem
is inside the Catholic Church at this
modernism
so the fashion to being progressive even
in inside the Catholic Church and of
course all this deprivation the
moralization with with sexual abuse and
so on so so in Poland it's not so strong
because this fashion to be progressive
is a fashion among small liberal
minority immigrant Catholics rather
Catholic intelligentsia which is quite
liberal quite left-wing minded but it's
a very small minority and majority of
Polish Catholics
are normal people also priests they are
not not all of them are excellent no nor
not all of them are separated from the
politics so also we have problem with
links between politics and church not in
different direction you know probably
about for example when we join two
European Union Church supported joining
European degree yes unfortunately even
john paul ii personally right so we were
disappointed by this political
statements of our bishops and our pope
but we still believe in the Holy Spirit
in the church volatile Virgin Mary and
commitments in salvation and Kingdom
ship of Jesus Christ and so on so we
tried not to upset when some bishops
made some liberal statements or
progressive statements because these are
only people and we know that people are
different but what is important to
follow the traditional teaching of the
church and this is something important
and I think that my vast majority of
Polish church follow traditional
teaching not in every detail about it's
quite good quite
when we take all the social issues I
said whenever there is and I think this
is the reason why a church has Authority
in Poland okay because I think that if
you try to be to progress a few loose
Authority I think that's that's right I
remember not so long ago I was at York
Minster the Cathedral in New York
beautiful beautiful building and right
outside it had a big banner I believe
there was no dbt banner but there was
also a refugees welcome outside of the
church and it's that politicization and
that the splitting everywhere are
similar things when I was for example in
Strasbourg I found out in the Cathedral
exhibition of Amnesty International
which is property movement for example
and rather for left yes so in point we
do not have there are some priests who
are interested in politics they talk
about politics a lot right wing left
wing different but majority of priests
understand that this is not their
mission and and I think that this is why
church works quite good not without
problems of course we have also some sex
abuse scandals or or some other other
things but what it's not so important
and and my my feeling is that the
experience of many Polish Catholics is
that the priests are good people and we
have now picked up by the in Poland
because there was a there is a movie in
cinemas which portraits the priests as a
bad corrupted men who do sex with
everybody and so on
but I think that the experience of
majority of Polish Catholics is
different and this is why they still
believe the church and I
I hope that it will be in this way in
the future
yeah I mean looking at the the way that
young people vote empowered I mean it
certainly looks to me like there's no
sign of it slowing down right no sign of
people becoming less religious there are
some signs that the let's say lie
sensation started in Poland would you
say that was specifically in cities like
Warsaw or nationally I think it's
national resources yes yes of course we
are under the pressure of western mass
culture that's a very attractive it's
for normal men of course and for
teenagers especially everybody learn
English so normal Polish teenager
probably watch the same a Netflix series
and movies like American so this
difference between Polish people and
people from England in the United States
as smaller every year unfortunately but
we have still family the church the
institution's older generation which is
more conservative and we have also let's
say the national pride so people watch
some things but they do not believe in
everything for example when they see two
weird things and they do not treat it
like a normal so for example all this
multicultural propaganda it is know
nobody trusted in Poland except fix from
extreme left the people in rather than
the political parties we have
neo-marxist party neo-marxist quarterly
I think that they are everywhere but
they are small minority normal people do
not follow it but but we have some
increase/decrease
attendance in Sunday Mass so so some but
bad things started and we will see well
we will be in in the end because if
majority of and people evolved for
parties that are called right it does
not mean that these parties are very
conservative they they could look like
conservative from Western perspective
but from polish perspective it's rather
Center yeah okay we're moving on
slightly another great topic to talk to
you about his immigration of course and
many people in the West have this very
romantic view of Poland saving the West
again right and I would say your
immigration policy is certainly better
than England
I believe the gross bigger was over
600,000 in 2017 but in Poland it's much
smaller but it's not perfect
right the immigration policy here is I
mean this is still an issue right yes
it's it's very complicated topic because
we had a big national debate last few
years and we rejected taking refugees
from the European Union it was something
that was majority even in the among the
voters of the left and the Liberals even
the voters of liberal parties didn't
want refugees from European Union they
were the poles that if they support it
they will be against their own voters
right but it was too or fears ago and
now the situation is changing so we take
probably more than 1 million immigrants
from Ukraine Belarus and other Eastern
European countries there are quite
similar to us when we take the culture
or even how they look like so you can
see it in Poland even we do not feel it
that something has changed until we hear
the language and we see the
advertisements in different alphabets
yeah I've seen is Pakistan
advertisements and things oh maybe about
the man we have some Ukrainian also
advertisements especially because the
the biggest majority among this
emigration from last few years is
Ukrainian migration and it's huge change
in many Polish cities this is first and
second thing is demography government
and statistics and economists say that
we have low birthrate and that they they
make estimations that we need few
millions people to before for example
2030 and and and and and they started
from immigration policy the nation don't
want it but people are confused people
understand that maybe we need these
people because somebody should work for
our pensions and unfold the health care
and so on and the economy is developing
and they media and even a right-wing
media and right-wing trade unions or
something or enterprise unions say to
the people that if you like growth you
need labour and we should import the
library and what happened what happened
what started last two or three years and
we said especially this year and that
immigration from Asia
started to pond it's something you know
and it was never something like that in
Poland we of course had some Arabs who
around kept at bars
it was always but it was or people from
Vietnam who runs small restaurants it
was always but very small minority and
now we can see much more on our streets
especially in Warsaw and in this region
of capital city but in other cities as
well emigration from India especially
from Nepal from Bangladesh from Pakistan
from Uzbekistan and now we know that
government started conversation on the
level of the government's with
government of Uzbekistan of Bangladesh
to support immigration and also they
said that they will they will made
treaty with Philippines to import
Philippine people here so we are
strongly against that and we we believe
that our government now there are
traitors of the let's say because they
said that we will not take immigration
of different culture non-european
immigration and now they invite them so
I think that we are at the beginning of
big national debate as a national
movement and me personally we try to
develop the debate because there was no
any discussion in Parliament about that
the policy started our diplomacy work on
it but but it is only a silent agreement
between business and government right so
nobody talked about it mainstream media
does not organize any debate and we try
to develop it because we think this is
the big social change and what they
prepare for us is for us we are in the
same situation as Western nations in the
50s and 60s when they start in mass
immigration even in 1997 I mean
Jesus 60s is really when it starts with
my fingers 1940 a a British nationality
I put anyway in 1997 when Tony Blair
came to power that's when the borders
really opened and things change
drastically and we were never asked the
British people were never asked do you
want this rapid change now I would agree
with you it's it's cooperation between
big government and big business and what
is interesting and to understand our
situation because our government party
law and justice party is described
abroad as a Nationalist Party and
anti-immigrant party and it's completely
not true
and they are originally center-right
party they catch voters of nationalist
and you were skeptical parties like my
formal party League of polish families
but they were never this way they are
not in their heart from national and
against immigration so to understand the
situation look who is the prime minister
of Poland prime minister of Poland is a
former advisor of the North task the
leader of European Union and he was his
economical adviser when he was a prime
minister of Poland and when he was
inviting refugees from European Union
and during that time when he was his
economical adviser he was a CEO of
foreign bank and he his whole career was
in banking sector so he's not a
politician he was not an elected
parliament
in fact in my opinion his learning
politics now as a Prime Minister and his
way of thinking is completely liberal on
immigration and on national policy and
this is how he works so in fact we have
centrist government not Nationalist
government and it is important when we
take the sources of immigration where
are the biggest increase for example
India or Bangladesh or Nepal we have
increased about two three or even four
hundred percent in two years so that
that's a big change
no this change is not visible everywhere
it is visible in Warsaw so majority of
Polish people are calm and they don't
know what's going on yeah because it's
it's a starting but we believe that we
should start a discussion at the
beginning not waiting for the problem so
left and liberals and political
correctness correct people say not all
you are racist because you are something
discussions where there are no problems
right and because they don't see it and
purple it's true we do not have problems
now only small criminal accidents but we
know the future because we can observe
it for the pool in your Kimbra here and
we talked with people who went abroad to
work in the United Kingdom in France or
somewhere else and we know where it goes
and we asked people why
do you believe that you will get another
results if you do the same things as
they did it's the first sign of madness
is doing the same thing over and over
and expecting a different result
right so we've seen it in Western Europe
and it could well happen here and what
we say happened in England is through
mass emigration they created a new
voting base so yes not Sinagra Frank
exactly so here in Poland over 60% of
young people are voting conservatively
but if immigration continues that can
change quite drastically this is this is
all I say in Polish internet because I'm
we're invited to polish media especially
this biggest one but I post it on the
internet every day that if you invite
these people you are let's say
center-right party you will not give
them citizenship but after you liberals
on the Left will go into the office and
they will give them citizenship easily
and they will make them the voters of
the left and the Liberals
because there is no country in the world
where immigrants vote for national
conservative parties it's impossible
because if you price your culture your
faith and your national identity
migrants don't like it because they have
another identity and another feelings so
it's quite quite obvious for me that if
center-right party invites immigrants
they build political base for their
enemies so it's a kind of political
suicide isn't it yeah absolutely and
well we see young people fighting back
politically and people in your own party
and they're doing it culturally as well
what would you say the the general
feeling is among young people in Poland
about immigration is it positive or
negative it's very hard to say I think
that people have
very mixed opinions maybe majority is
against Muslim immigration and what is
most surprising for me as that
government is inviting Muslim
immigration right from this countries
like I said Pakistan Bangladesh was back
east on I think that it looks like so
weird I I can't believe they are so
stupid that they try to do it
I can't imagine because we have
information from Polish Muslim community
that now they in our country start to
feel under the pressure of more radical
immigrants so it started the this
Islamization process but so I think that
maybe majority people is against Muslim
immigration but there is a common
opinion that there are different sources
of immigration non Muslim which are
safer and which will integrate in a good
way and some of the many people believe
for example that immigrants from India
or from China or from Vietnam that these
are just good immigrants who are calm
peaceful hard-working and they will
integrate very good and in one
generation there will be Polish people
and also there are this hopes that this
Philippine people who are Catholics as
we know majority of them and they will
be good citizens so maybe you can tell
me is it true that if they are not
Muslim it's a safe immigration even if
it is mass immigration because I believe
that there is no safe
mass immigration all mass immigration is
not safe well that's the problem mass
immigration causes these problems there
are many people that come to the UK and
have assimilated and love that country
and they simulate really well indeed
but there are again larger populations
which don't and they form ghettos and
parallel systems of Education legal
systems even if they are not Muslim yeah
that happens as well so it's it's mass
immigration which is a real problem for
example ya know what I heard about
people from Bangladesh is it attacks yes
so the acid attacks are happening in
London started in a part of the city
that was largely Bangladeshi South Asian
and that's where it started then they
spread it to the black gangs and the
white gangs and now it's quite common
and polish mean they are saying that
they are hardworking people's and we and
when we criticize the immigration from
Bangladesh we are racists you know
because we don't flank them because of
how they look like not who they are
we know it's it's logical irrational to
see what's happening in the rest of the
world and come to a conclusion based on
that and it's not a generalization it's
not saying that every single person from
these countries are going to be told
people as I said many of them I've
turned out to integrate very well indeed
but it's in these mass numbers in such
quick succession as well it doesn't seem
to work and it's really interesting to
hear that in Poland while your
immigration system is I would say much
better than ours
it still has its problems yes I think
that our system of immigration is
changing you are just in a year that we
are opening borders of the country you
are here in Poland now at the beginning
of the process and we are going to stop
it because we do live is a national
suicide if we because we are not so
strong nation we are strong in our
feelings but our state is not so strong
to govern many different ethnicity
groups and
rule of this oldest mess like you have
in your country you have a very big
amounts of money and resources to rule
all these people who are conflicted for
example when you take people from Burma
from Pakistan Bangladesh and India they
hate each other right and they kill each
other than we do with those conflicts on
our street we can see it in Germany you
have Kurds Turks and they fight each
other people from Africa from different
nations so why to start it in Poland
it's so it's so weird and only because
of economic growth
I believe it completely and I think that
there are many people who thinks like
that but people in Poland are metal
metal metal metal de Cali brainwashed by
mainstream media even right-wing media
this state-owned media which are now
under this so-called national is low and
Justice Party which is not nationals in
any way we are also brainwashed in this
political correct way so for example one
week ago we had an article on website of
Polish television
national flood the title says everything
it was it says foreigners love poem and
in the in this article that there are
new polls they are becoming polls and
and and and when we put some bet
information it's not in mainstream media
it's for example in voice of Europe and
they say that we promote Russian
propaganda because the source is not
correct right and sometimes in fact it's
not correct we don't like using rational
sources but if polish media is
censorship against their own citizens
it's very bad situation strategically
protips it's very bad situation so we
should develop independent media which
shot to pay to the people at the
beginning of the process when its
controversial because if you had get
those it's not controversial maybe in
point maybe in your country it is still
controversial to talk about ghettos yes
but if we have if we had get war so it
would be not controversial to talk about
us but if you have hard-working Asian
people and you point your fingers and
say or you are in the people is a good
idea to invite you here
so it's controversial and it's hard to
it's hard to talk about this not being
accused of racism or even nationalism
for some for some polish public it's
something bad to be a nationalist even
for right-wingers because they believe
that our tradition is multi-ethnic
Commonwealth and particularly it's true
but it was pre-modern time we are
psychedelic nationalists believed that
in modern era societies are organized in
the nation's not in multi national
Imperium or Commonwealth and so this is
the part of our history being a part of
multinational Commonwealth or
multinational States but we believe it's
a past and we should not promote this
situation and some of Polish
conservatives are so weird that they
believe that if they if they will
promote intentionally multinational
situation in Poland Poland will become
stronger not weaker right I guess I
would say the great benefit for Poland
is
at least the young people are seeing it
and they're willing to fight back
against it whereas in the UK they're
very very left-wing exceptionally
pro-immigration and I wonder just
finally if you might have a message to
the the left-wing youth of Britain but
also any advice for patriotic young
people in Britain who feel completely
intimidated by the left I think I was in
Britain one time I talked many times
with people from Britain and other
countries and I think that many people
are completely brainwashed and they they
know nothing about classical political
thought or heritage and they are ashamed
of the national identity of the history
of Europe they are shaped by cultural
Marxists and we need to read fill them
let's say so and it's it's very hard
because if they do not believe in God
they do not have religious feelings
trying to talk with people must be based
on the truth and if somebody do not
believe in a universal truth like we
believe in Christianity it's hard to
find the common ground because they are
going always to debate the feelings do
you hurt my feelings do I hurt your
feelings but feelings are not so
important what is important is common
good what is important is the truth and
we have this in Christianity so I
believe that maybe bigger problems will
my that will make that people will go
back to the Christianity and the common
sense this is what I believe but I think
that now you can develop this message
only to the small minority who look for
something different right if somebody
does not look for something different he
will probably don't want to hear you we
have similar problem in plant not in the
scale but just starting that there are
people who can't discuss issues openly
they are not going to hear you they are
angry when you talk with them there are
something to be angry when they feel
what they don't want to hear and it's
not a problem I believe as a Christian
and as a conservative was a
traditionalist let's say I believe it's
not a problem only of the mind it's a
problem of the hurt the hurts are closed
and sometimes maybe you need to find the
way to their hurt not to their minds
because they don't listen
that's brilliant so I guess you would
say go back to church read your history
to which church the traditional Catholic
maybe right but if somebody is not a
religious person it's when you take him
to the church it could change him but
also you have a non gurantee so I think
it's very very very difficult to change
the situation when you are in such point
like Great Britain now of course
defending free speech is important I
believe it because you have problems
with free speech even in Great Britain
and this all a political correctness
which is going deeper and deeper every
day but but you need to have positive
goals I believe it for example we tried
defend our national independence against
European Union our national identity
against multiculturalism and liberalism
our economical interest against
globalization and international
corporations for me something positive
from Britain was breaks it yeah when I
saw it I started to do that that it is
possible in different countries that we
are not in this European Union prison
forever that it will collapse until we
are alive yeah yes so so it's something
positive it's something that that Great
Britain could be proud of but as I see
media are going to shame
British people of brexit and it's not
good but what we should maybe promote is
that British people are provided not
only because of their selfish selfish
nation and you focused on their economic
interest but they try to show another
way of making police arrested something
that you could be proud of and and when
I look for somebody that I could follow
in British politics that there are not
many such people I like jacket or a
smock as you maybe know
but but there are not many people like
him in Parliament yes so so we should
build as a conservative in Europe to
encourage people to follow our ideas we
should build a positive program not not
only that we are against cultural marks
and globalization multiculturalism but
what we support this is what we need to
show people who I support and for
example the concept of social justice is
well it was originally like every good
idea that left stole it was originally a
Christian idea in social justice if you
read the social teaching of the church
there is a social justice but in a good
way not this weird way so maybe we
should ask people to
know the roots of our culture and you
have big big names like CS Lewis
Chesterton Thomas More or a lot to be
proud of when people need to remember a
Cardinal Newman these are people who are
well known in Poland people read their
books and shape their minds from them
and probably teenagers in Britain don't
know about them one of the issues we
have with young people in the UK and
I've seen this myself during interviews
with the BBC and what they've said to me
is that in Britain were a nation of
immigrants we're all immigrant
apparently I'm an immigrant there's a
whole country of immigrants because we
had colonialism we had the Empire and
people have naturally moved back and
forth from the UK but surely that can't
be said about Poland Canada is a remove
Minh that says that here about Poland or
do people really know their identity as
Polish people there are similar voices
in Poland not for want as a nation of
immigrants but that a Polish tradition
is a tradition of being multicultural
Empire and of course we had Commonwealth
polish-lithuanian Commonwealth it was a
Commonwealth of some different nations
but all of them were Christians and
Slavic and they were also Jews inside
but I think that when somebody puts such
statement it is always a kind of lie
because these people take a part of true
because it's a part of true that there
were many cultures in Polish Lithuanian
Commonwealth it's a part of true that
Britain was an Imperium Imperial nation
and it got lots of immigrants also from
Poland of course but it's not the core
of the culture the core of the culture
is something different and I believe
that or all all the nations old states
with long history and
it's clear that Great Britain is such
nation and such such state has something
like national culture and I think that
what liberals try to not see is this
concept of national culture that this
immigrant these people who were guests
and then were incorporated into the
nation they joined some strong culture
and this culture has its own values and
its own habits its own way of life and
all nation which is long historical
nation exists because many generations
believed that their way of life is
something good in any in Europe in fact
it was based around Christianity of
course and and this is what we should
answer that we should analyze the roots
and the roots is not immigration the
roots is Christianity in national
culture our national cultures were
different went in different directions
but
it's clear that there exists it's so you
need to go to the books and do the
homework to analyze your national
history and find what kind of what what
set of signs you do have saints are your
heroes somebody that you could be proud
of than the Kings then the heroes Nash
of different national Wars or something
the big names in the culture and all
these people put something into the
culture and this is what national
culture is and of course some of them
could be of immigrant background for
example the link between British culture
and polish culture is Joseph Conrad his
polish name is use of casinos and he was
in writing in English but he was also a
big Polish Patriot so there are links
between cultures yeah no no nationalists
deny it
yeah but it doesn't mean that there are
no national cultures and only one pan
European or world humanist right
nobody's claiming the a single culture
grew from the exact so I think that we
should see the ideology behind this
statements and name this ideology it's
an ideology of cosmopolitan and
multiculturalism of liberalism and so on
cultural Marxism we should name this
ideology and we should
take example by example and show that
they claims are false national culture
exists national cultures have their own
let's say excellence equality and well
value and we should secure it we should
secure it not against anybody but for
ourselves well I would say is that means
cultural diversity is real yes and we
should support cultural diversity but in
a good way so diversity of European
nations that all nations has their own
cultures and it's good it's ok it's ok
to have our own national culture in
Poland and you're in in Britain and to
shape this culture because it's not
something what is done and it is in
museum we should develop our national
cultures we have something good and
something but also in our cultures and
we should try to better ourselves in
every generation so this is the question
not how to not how to disappear as a
nation but how to be a better nation
after next two generations and of course
we can use some some things some ideas
from abroad it was always in all nations
and we know that Christian European
Middle Ages was quite universal and it
was this concept of Christianity us this
Christian Commonwealth in Europe it was
not a bad concept if we had an idea of
cooperation between European nations
Beit based on Christian values I would
support but it should be voluntary
cooperation based on true values not on
the liberal lies I want to discover the
real story in Poland not the story from
the mainstream press that Poland's just
a racist country but in fact the real
story that the Polish youth are voting
more conservatively than ever and
standing up in the face of far-left and
EU tyranny will you help me cover our
modest expenses for hotel airfare and
cabs will you help us raise a thousand
to cover this important work please go
to rebel Poland calm thanks so much for
your support if you'd like to help us
cover our modest expenses for this trip
please go to rebel Poland calm
you
