West Yorkshire police are trying a new
more modest female police officer
uniform that's designed not to show off
the female form you know how the police
are obsessed with diversity instead of
recruiting more people generally instead
of doing a general recruitment campaign
for anyone that can do the job properly
they're actively looking for people from
specific ethnic groups and religious
groups etc to join the police and make
the place more diverse for some reason
the map police is really guilty of this
but so is West Yorkshire police it turns
out as well because they've taken a step
further now and the trial in new is I'm
friendly modest uniform that they're
hoping will attract more black and
ethnic minority officers so West
Yorkshire Police is trailing the uniform
and they were in the press not that long
ago by the way for letting female
officers wear the hijab but I've got a
few questions about them this one
because if the head job isn't enough if
wearing the hijab and the female police
officer uniform isn't enough then that
would imply that the people who would
want to wear the outfit wear more than a
hitch other probably we're probably
wearing a burka right now just how many
women in burkas are lying up to work in
West Yorkshire police or the police
generally how many want to become police
officers but are being held back by the
uniform how many women in burkas are
thinking I couldn't possibly become a
police officer in the UK because the the
uniform is just too sexy is this really
happening
also I'm struggling to understand what
was so revealing about the women's
police officer uniform in the first
place you've ever seen a cop a female
cop err on the street so you know they
look like they usually have really thick
heavy clumpy boots black trousers white
shirt black jacket high-vis jacket over
the top and then of course a nice big
hat hardly the sexiest outfit I've ever
seen hardly the most revealing outfit
I've ever seen there's really not much
room for the female form to be showed
off there in some circumstances women
police officers might wear white shirt
and short sleeves in the summer but it's
not compulsory so why is there a need
for a modest uniform when women police
officers can already just wear a long
sleeve
shirt honestly the only difference here
with this new uniform if you take a look
at it is that it's kind of got a tunic
thing on the bottom that's literally it
it's black and you know modest and long
sleeves like everything else apart of
the uniform can be and it's got a sort
of tunic at the bottom this is pandering
to the extreme don't you think
the Yorkshire Post reports assistant
Chief Constable Angela Williams said for
the last month we've been trialing a new
uniform for women which is designed not
to show the female form this was
suggested by a Muslim female officer and
was designed by our clothing manager in
conjunction with the officer the tunic
is a looser and longer fit and has full
sleeves this has been well received from
offices in the force and we have now
made further supplies of this uniform
for other officers to trial it if they
wish
PC Fasano armed' who works in Bradford
has been trying it and has had some
really positive feedback from the local
community I hope this uniform will
encourage people from underrepresented
groups to consider a career in policing
if they have previously been put off
joining the force due to the uniform and
we are open to suggestions from all
communities on how our uniform can be
styled to better suit their needs
so certainly being a police officer is a
fashion show or it's not a fashion show
because it's going to be more modest
right I mean this is crazy just wear the
uniform it's not complicated it's not a
dress you'd wear on a night owl it's not
like you've got to wear heels with it
it's a clumpy outfit women don't look
their best in a police officer's uniform
outfit believe me and really positive
feedback from the local community are
people really complimenting female
Muslim police officers and how lovely
they look because isn't that kind of
against the whole point of this or
perhaps that they congratulating them on
how unwomanly they look this is amazing
isn't it
I'm not sure that spending money time
resources an effort on a new islam
friendly modest police officer uniform
for women in the West Yorkshire police's
all that great an idea
in fact I'm definitely sure it's not a
good idea because not only does it offer
practically no functional difference to
the already clumpy and non flattering
female police uniform there are more
pressing issues at hand in West
Yorkshire Violent Crimes soared by 40
percent in West Yorkshire over 12 months
sexual attacks have gone up robberies
have increased in the area as well and
of course the grooming scandal continues
so please tell me West Yorkshire police
do you really think honestly that this
is a good use of your time and resources
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
