the Emmys were on Monday night and
really all you need to know about it I'm
gonna tell you about now I'm a Hollywood
conservative for the rebel so the Emmys
happened and aired Monday night you
probably had no idea because no one
watched except maybe a few people but
not anybody with a life ratings were
down ten percent from last year which
was already bad these were the worst
ever ratings but seriously with all the
TV shows out there I think the only
people who watched the award show were
the people who were there or those
people whose show was nominated so
that's basically just Hollywood they
need to stop televising this stuff on
major networks gosh almighty it's just
bad business as a network had to use up
two or three hours of your precious
programming and primetime advertising
dollars on something that's going to
have such a bismal viewership Michael
che was the host and he made a joke that
a lot of people are quite miffed about
I'm not I found it to be relatively
innocuous and when you get down to it
pretty truthful and not at all insulting
but Michael che talking about his mother
said this she says she doesn't like
watching white award shows because you
guys don't thank Jesus enough that's
true the only white people that thank
Jesus are Republicans and X crackheads
now I thank Jesus every day and I
definitely don't consider it an insult
to be called a Republican I'm not an X
crackhead but I don't think it's really
insulting to suggest that someone who's
been through a hard time and emerges to
live cleanly thanks God that's kind of
what I believe should happen God gets
you through something or I believe it is
God that gets you through something so
you think the man and I think it's
almost a knock to Hollywood what he said
hardly anyone there thanks God so
they're a bunch of godless liberal
heathens and I don't know current
crackheads because they're not ex
crackheads so yeah we as Christians or
white Christians we like to thank the
man upstairs
the man oh yeah now here's something
interesting that happened last night as
well
sandy Newton or Tandy Newton whatever
she was in the movie crashed that's
pretty much all I know her from
anyway she won an award for her role on
Westworld and in her acceptance speech
she said this I don't even believe in
God but I'm going to thank her tonight
obviously implying that God is a woman
now I am no snowflake but girl you start
twisting scripture and that will not end
well for you I'm not admonishing her for
specifically what she said I'm in
monitor for the motive behind it this
meets who think this women's empowerment
thing this new form of feminism that
places women not equal with men but
places them over men God is a spirit his
being is infinite scripture tells us
that he is the same today tomorrow and
forever he is all enduring omniscient
and never failing now can you imagine if
she said this about Allah I dare her to
try it not only with the entertainment
industry turned their back on her but
Hollywood tour providers up there on the
boulevard better start checking their
bank records for travel transactions
from Africa cuz they're gonna al-shabab
her ass at any rate if you are an
atheist
Pandy Pandy maybe don't invoke god
whatever gender you think he or she is
just to get attention Jeremiah 4 22 says
my people are fools they do not know me
Vande I think that verse is for you my
dear because you are a fool if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
