did you notice something there it's of
course the liberal mumbo-jumbo that one
would absolutely expect from Justin
Trudeau when he's trying to be serious
he says in the face of cowardly violence
and fear-mongering we will not
compromise on our most cherished values
freedom democracy diversity and
inclusion a Muslim extremist shot up the
parliament buildings and killed a
soldier it was a terrorist attack in the
purest sense of the word on the place
that houses the institutions of our very
democracy this couldn't be any more of a
terrorist attack on our very way of life
but Justin Trudeau he didn't say those
words
he can't say those words terrorist
attack he calls it cowardly violence
instead of the real reason corporal
Cirillo is dead and his little son is
fatherless it's terrorism Justin Trudeau
uses this very sad commemorative day to
lecture us on diversity and inclusion
yet again but don't you dare point out
that it was a terrorist attack or you're
the problem today you're the fear monger
on the same level as the terrorists
sorry I mean the guy who committed
cowardly violence for some reason that
Trudeau absolutely cannot talk about her
mention but you know what Justin Trudeau
had absolutely no problem calling
terrorism the Quebec City mosque attack
he called it terrorism several times
even once in his year-end wrap-up
interview with C TV News's Lisa Laflamme
now to be clear the shooter in the
Quebec City mosque attack he's not
charged with any terrorism related
crimes but that hasn't stopped Justin
Trudeau from calling it a terrorist
attack rightly or wrongly but what would
you expect from an intellectual black
hole well like Justin Trudeau he paid
ten point five million dollars to a
Taliban terrorists and convicted
murderer named Omar Khadr because of
something that happened to him something
inconvenient when he was in American
custody because as Trudeau says a
Canadian is a Canadian is a Canadian
apparently even if that Canadian leaves
Canadian soil to wage jihad against
Canadians and our allies
viewers we stepped up to the plate for
the children of Omar Cotters innocent
victim Christopher Speer we raised
nearly 1/4 of a million dollars with the
support of nearly 4,000 backers and that
helped shine an international light on
the secret backroom deal Trudeau struck
with that terrorist and we showed the
world that Justin Trudeau does not speak
for Canadians when he refuses to speak
about terrorism and call it what it
really is that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra Levin show weekdays
at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
