but but look at this question and answer
about the murdered girl in Vancouver
Marisa Shen this bothers me more Trudeau
doesn't have his fog machine practiced
on this one yet he hasn't been thinking
about this one for months or even 18
years he's a lot colder in this one take
a look got a little bit of time left I
wanted to let McLane's readers have at
because we got a lot of interest both in
in all the issues that I've discussed
and in a few that we haven't asked about
before and so I'm going to pass along a
few questions that came from malanez
readers one is asking what you have to
say about the arrests in British
Columbia of Ibrahim Ali who was a Syrian
refugee following the murder of a
teenage girl named Marisa Shen obviously
it's a devastating news for for her
family for her friends it's a terrible
tragedy any time if someone is murdered
it's a it's a terrible thing I trust our
justice system I trust our system to to
go through its processes to both apply
consequences to this and to make sure
that we're thinking about how we
continue to keep people safe what was
with those little chuckles young ones
obviously it's if someone is murdered
it's a it's a terrible thing that's not
a happy laugh it's a scoffing laugh it's
obvious where we stand huh
why would you even ask such an important
question it's obvious where we stand
that's what kind of life that was so
what's his answer he trusts the justice
system and he will continue to keep
people safe but our justice system did
not bring the accused killer into Canada
the immigration system did that the
justice system can't keep people safe
prosecutors and prisons are only called
in after someone is murdered they didn't
keep Marissa Shen safe true to push this
off on anybody but himself Paul wells
asked a simple enough follow-up question
this one a lot of people say that some
people say that if it hadn't been for
the surge in Syrian refugees after the
2015 election guys like this guy would
not be
I'm not one of those people who says
that another smirk I'm not one of those
people well it is a simple fact that
Trudeau did bring in this accused
murderer and however many other
criminals lurk amongst the unvetted
migrants brought in from Syria in great
haste it's simply saying I don't believe
that is that enough of an answer
politically factually emotionally when a
community is grieving it's that not for
an answer well it was enough of an
answer for Paul wells that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
