well I am delighted to let you know that
we are expanding the team at the red
ball we are having a new staffer join us
a reporter troublemaker and all-around
conservatives name is Qian Beck's tee
and he joins us now in studio Keane
welcome the show thank you well welcome
to the company's what I should say you
know you're very mob mannered fella or
shy but you're not really shy at all
you're a bit of a trouble encourage it I
did into some trouble I dabble I would
say you're troubled Adler yeah yeah you
dabble in trouble absolutely what tell
us a little bit about yourself here you
live in Vulcan Alberta which is a
farming community outside the city you
just graduated from University of
Calgary what was your degree in again I
was a Bachelor of Science in energy
sciences and energy economics sounds
like ethical was Rita yeah yeah
absolutely her but but surprisingly the
university did not offer a single class
on petroleum extraction or anything like
that it was all wind farms solar panels
and kummel and dams no come on why the
University of Calgary itself yeah they
did not talk about oil and gas and
talked about wind and solar on the
science side of things and then on the
econ side of things there was a few
courses on petroleum economics which
were excellent courses the prof teaching
that one was was amazing the the econ
Department is actually quite great at
the UC but you know the the science side
of it not a word of oil was mentioned
that is embarrassing to a university
headquarters in Calgary I'm embarrassed
I'm an alumnus I've been involved in
Lilith's but I'm deeply embarrassed
alright let's put aside that
embarrassment I can imagine that what's
I can only a matter what you see myself
way back in the 20th century is that is
you seek conservator all or is it more
politically correct than ever you know
I'd say compared to the rest of the
country we we at least were fighting
back the campus conservative movement
there is is is one of the largest in the
countries but you know the you there
there is an as is typical in
universities there's an overwhelming
voice of social justice warriors on
campus that are louder than everyone
else regardless of their size
because they're given a microphone by by
the faculty and by the university it's
it's hard to be a conservative on campus
these days what's the state of free
speech at UC I I don't know any
instances of there being any attacks on
it far far better at UC than anywhere
than anywhere else okay well that's good
to hear
now that's a little bit of background I
think folks would be curious about that
I saw you most recently in Halifax at
the conservative conference of course we
the rebel we're not permitted in the
inner sanctum we wouldn't want to muck
it up only approve journalists like the
CBC and The Globe and Mail were allowed
in there
you had an interesting journalistic
moment I don't know if it I don't think
you'd probably plan to but you managed
to get your hands on a copy of a secret
briefing book yeah by the dairy Lobby
which was the key lobby group that was
really controlling that convention tell
us a bit about that so I it was it was
almost too good to be true when we
opened the binder and looked and saw the
blue logo the dairy farmers of Canada we
thought it was a joke at the start
because it was just such a coincidence
that though that the the folks who found
it were not no friends of the cartel but
when we found the binder we we just kind
of laughed chuckled a little bit and and
then we went to dinner later and and you
can see in the picture that's been
circle circulated widely theirs are the
appetizer menu of what we were ordering
at the time and and then we went through
and we saw that we well we sort of
service scanned it and then and then had
dinner and then we went back and looked
at it and we saw we found that line that
said that Andrew Shearer had been in
fact manipulated by the cartel to to
predetermine the outcome of the
convention it made the entire convention
complete a complete waste of money I I
don't understand how the CPC is going to
be able to R be able to ask donors for
money when so much donor money was spent
on putting that convention on and flying
people from Victoria to Halifax when we
at the end of the day the only thing the
only reason we went there was to watch a
fireside chat with Andrew Shearer no no
substantial votes
the no votes were substantial at all
well you keep talking like that they'll
ban you from this well you'll be based
in Calgary and Sheila gonna read our
Alberta bear achievers in the north
you'll cover the south and you're gonna
move around a bit so if there's things
that need doing in other parts whether
it's a Scots want to be CEO you're going
out there now you won't just be doing
journalism you'll be doing the kind of
activism that we like to do petitions
the troublemaking part whether it's a
protest or a billboard that's the kind
of stuff you'll be doing absolutely I'm
I'm excited to see what what kind of
rabble we can rouse and then and such as
rabble rousing for its own safe there
are a lot of big problems in Alberta we
talked about apps the anti oil bias the
fact that you're telling me it's
actually in in the University of Calgary
itself is deeply disturbing there are
two massive jobs in Alberta in the next
election extirpating the Alberta NDP is
job one yeah and removing the handful of
liberals in that province and more
important than either the NDP or the
Liberals is the media party because the
media party gives strength to all those
others and meteors yeah it's cowardly on
the carbon tax it's cowardly on any
controversial issue that sexes up to
Jason Kenney yes excuse me to sex up to
Justin Trudeau it's over fourteen
slipped there I think that fighting
against the media and showing how
they're in league with Trudeau it's
actually the most important job of any
journalist in Alberta what do you think
absolutely and it's not just your dough
it's every single left-wing politician
the media sticks to him like flies like
flies on honey from Calgary City Council
to the to the Alberta NDP and and even
in the the more left-leaning parties in
in surrounding jurisdictions to Alberta
that just the the media just can't get
enough of sucking up to them and making
making sure that they don't report the
facts they report what makes the
left-wing parties more electable
I think you're right and you know what
just hearing you talk about Calgary City
Council I think there's a couple of
journalists in Calgary that sometimes
hold
Naheed Nenshi and the council to account
but very
rarely these days my view is most
journalists either suck up to the
powerful people to get leaks as
exclusives it makes their job easier and
actually working for it or they're just
polishing their resumes for when they
think they'll be laid off from The
Herald or the Sun or whatever so they
want to go to work for ignition yeah art
meant of some politician yeah what I
like about you is there's no chance in a
million years you could ever get hired
by Justin Trudeau or the CBC so I know
you're not going to be tailoring your
work to appeal to baptize you can count
on that yes sir well it's um welcome
aboard thanks for coming out here to our
world headquarters to get your official
badge actually we got to get you a badge
we got into some gear and stuff great to
see you here thanks if you haven't he
and Becks tea is our newest southern
Alberta reporter and he's going to be
making some trouble I think you can
detect that that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
