street artists erect Satan's team trine
outside of YouTube headquarters recently
I reported on street artists posting
images of the YouTube shooter and Nassim
around Los Angeles with the slogan you
next I talked about how it was
provocative and potentially offensive to
some people but touched on a very real
point YouTube and social media Giants
are impacting the lives of everyday
people without a care in the world
machines actions were horrific and wrong
yet somehow in the Warped world in which
we live
dominated by social media street artists
have created a tongue-in-cheek
saint-like image of Nassim calling her
Saint Anna seam with Latin at the top
which reads free expression the
character is also holding a message that
reads don't be Google a play on Google's
don't be evil mantra in a statement the
artist expressed that while they did not
condone the violence and pray for the
complete recovery of the victims the
April shooting was a consequence of the
complete lack of transparency by the
social media companies and that it is
sympathetic of their communication
failures the ad pocalypse as they call
it shadow banning and deep platforming
of conservatives have real-world
consequences that in some cases trigger
the worst in human behavior we make no
excuses for Anna seems a gregarious
violence but believe that she has become
the icon for everything that's wrong
with the social media companies it's
time for them to wake up and start being
accountable to both their customers and
their employees I mean isn't it amazing
that this is where we are at today we're
weighing up and even comparing a woman
who committed a terrible crime and a
company that's meant to be enriching and
making our lives easier I mean what do
you guys think is this too far or is
this a clever representation of a
legitimate concern I'm interested to
know what you guys think has I suspect
this discussion isn't going to end
anytime soon perhaps not until Google is
forced to address it it seems to me that
Google isn't willing to accept that
their new policy of verse
directing freedom of speech is hurting
people they are also de monetizing
people which is hurting their income
it's not conducive for a free or
civilized society and it seriously
impacts the lives of people who have
become famous online and can't get work
otherwise let me know your thoughts in
the comments if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
