let's say you're a business owner and
you just had to layoff 100 employees and
had a 16 million dollar deficit a couple
of years ago you might be like oh crap I
better be more careful with my money in
the future and perhaps save a bit or if
your st. Louis University I guess you
just might buy 2,300 Amazon echoes let's
take a look
st. Louis University in Missouri has a
gorgeous campus that's a pretty neat
looking fountain and here's some
well-maintained emerald green grass but
the school's financial prospects have
been rather less than gorgeous st. Louis
University scrapped around 120 faculty
in admin positions in March 2017 and
also ditched 130 vacant capacities the
previous fiscal year the school had a 16
million dollar deficit and now it's
decided to purchase Amazon echoes you
know those little gadgets that play
music search the internet and make calls
all hands-free with that friendly robot
Alexa oh and remember this is also one
of those devices that collects user data
with which it does who knows what Amazon
echoes go for 50 dollars on Amazon and
st. Louis University is buying one for
each of its more than 2,300 dorm rooms
on campus that comes out to roughly a
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars
though the school did say it bought them
at a discount david hakonsen the
university's vice president said that
every minute we can save our students
from having to search for the
information they need online is another
minute that they can spend focus on what
matters most their education um David
you know that it takes roughly the same
amount of time to type a question out on
Google as it does to ask it orally right
oh and have you ever heard of this thing
called research learning how to find
things yourself is a pretty crucial part
of Education anyways this wouldn't be
quite so egregious if this weren't the
same school that recently made over a
hundred layoffs and is expecting a 10 to
20 million dollar loss each year at
forty two thousand one hundred and sixty
six dollars
st. Louis University's tuition price
is already over $7,000 higher than the
average cost of private universities one
of this money be better spent on
scholarships for campus unmasked I'm Rob
from Sean if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
