my goodness this is some low-hanging
fruit but when life gives you Chelsea
Clinton you make sure to let people know
with these political elites think of you
and your beliefs during an interview
with intersectional feminist Jess
McIntosh Chelsea Clinton was asked about
the abortion debate of course Chelsea
Clinton disagrees with the pro-life side
but she also said quote it was
unchristian unquote oh boy oh boy
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
what have our politics come to Chelsea
Clinton's already hinted that she may
run for office you know someone who
holds the practice of dismembering
children at whim and having your tax
dollars pay for it in such high in
sacred regards that it's no longer a
difference of opinion in the sanctity of
life but rather you were also
unchristian if you disagree with her in
the interview Chelsea Clinton was asked
how she possibly stays positive with the
debate over roe v wade she said quote
every day I make a moral choice to be
optimistic she goes on to say and when I
think about all those statistics that
are painful of what women are
confronting today in our country and
what even more women confronted pre Rho
V wave and how many women died and how
many more women were maimed because of
unsafe abortion practices we just can't
go back to that first off when else in
history in the United States or any
Western country has it ever been better
time to be alive I mean for anyone not
just women anyone um what was that none
never not even close
particularly more when it comes to women
women right now live longer than men are
graduating college any much higher rates
and are making more money on average
than men under the age of 30 which
magically does flip after 30 not because
women decide to leave the workforce take
less hours so they can raise a family
and bring up the next generation no of
course it can't be because that it has
to be somehow because of sexism right
but to her other statement how many of
these women did die from getting these
backdoor alley abortions that the left
always talks about you know you just
never hear about that right even the
states that do have stricter abortion
laws but Chelsea doesn't stop there no
no no no no she says quote that's just
unconscionable to me and also I'm sure
that this will unleash another wave of
hate in my direction but as a deeply
religious person
it's also
Christian to me now I'm not gonna say
anything about Chelsea Clinton's
religious beliefs per se and I do not
want to slough people to just go out and
berate Chelsea Clinton however her
interpretation of the Bible I would
question yeah I guess you get a Hall
Pass for some of those pesky 10
commandments when the other person's
life is inconvenient for you or when
that person came along you know when it
was unplanned because of course
according to Chelsea being pro-life is
unchristian you know there are so many
verses in the Bible talking about you
doing what makes life easier for you
there are scriptures that say that right
right is there even a single verse that
implies you should do what makes your
life easier and that is what Jesus said
right you know seek first your own
self-interest and all the good feelings
of life will be added upon you and will
be super awesome and easy with no
consequences whatsoever yeah you know I
just can't seem to remember any Bible
verses remotely similar to that but what
do you guys think do you think the
pro-life side is unchristian let me know
in the comments section I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood all right so if
you enjoyed that video please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
