a thirteen-year-old girl named Marisa
Shen was killed and police have charged
ibrahim ali with first-degree murder he
is one of the syrian refugees that
justin trudeau brought to canada this is
a terrible personal tragedy but it also
looks like it was an avoidable crime
Trudeau promised that he would not bring
in single military aged men as refugees
he promised that he would do deep
background checks on refugees but he
didn't do that and now a beautiful young
girl is dead and the whole community
grieves it has been more than a week
since ibrahim ali was charged with
murder but Trudeau has not yet visited
the family that we know of or said a
meaningful thing in public about this
horrific crime compare that to the case
of a young Muslim girl in Toronto this
January who claimed that an Asian man
attacked her hid jab head covering with
scissors in a racist attack in that case
Trudeau immediately made a bold public
statement about it
denouncing the attack as a hate crime
but that was a hoax the Muslim girl made
the whole thing up police say it never
happened she cut her own head jab and
blamed an Asian man but she never
apologized to the Chinese community for
her false accusation and neither did
Trudeau to this day he has not corrected
or withdrawn his public statement why is
that it seems like Trudeau only cares
about the Chinese Canadian community one
day a year on Election Day the rest of
the time he ignores the community or
blames it for crimes that didn't commit
and now it appears that a Chinese girl
has sacrificed her life because of
Trudeau's dangerous policy of letting in
unvetted migrants from dangerous places
like Syria this has to stop please go to
apologize now calm and sign our petition
demanding Justin Trudeau apologized to
the Chinese community for falsely
blaming a Chinese man for an attack he
didn't commit and for being so lacks
with our national
curity and for ignoring the Chinese
communities pain after this murder here
in Canada we all deserve to be kept safe
from criminals and terrorists it's true
that was most important job he needs to
know that please go to apologize now
calm please sign this petition Justin
Trudeau must apologize for treating the
Chinese Canadian community as
second-class citizens for the rebel
media I'm answering please go to
apologize now calm to sign the petition
to Justin Trudeau
you
