who the hell wants to be a conservative
up for any kind of job these days the
answer somebody who's nuts and somebody
who's acceptable to liberals none of
which should be acceptable to us this is
take that with Curt Schlichter by the
time you see this who knows what's going
to happen with a Brett Kavanaugh crisis
things are changing every minute every
second heck by the time I finish
recording this everything may be a
hundred and eighty degrees changed so
this isn't about Brett Kavanaugh per se
the Brett Kavanaugh is an important part
and a great illustration of what I'm
talking about
here's the thing who the heck wants to
be a conservative politician these days
because all you're going to get is grief
all you're going to get are accusations
all you're going to get are lies that's
how they work now here's the thing the
American people have demonstrated that
they want the kind of conservative
solutions the conservative Republicans
with a populist twist are ready to
deliver they want us to rethink the
globalist agenda you know of a free
trade that isn't fair trade of wars that
we refuse to win of allowing the the
Wall Street bigwigs who donate almost
exclusively to the left to go unpunished
after they basically flush our money
down our down little with and come and
get more money from us like they did ten
years ago they want change and that's an
agenda that people support now what of
course
liberals have made a you know made it
made a thing for decades of being where
the party of change we're going to
change we're going to help people Oh
baloney
there's a party of the establishment
there's a party of the status quo and
they know people want change so when you
get a change agent whether it's Donald
Trump or Brett Kavanaugh they can't
really attack him on policy they can't
really attack him on what he stands for
because what they stand for is popular
so they've got an attack them some other
way and what do they do
scurrilous unprovable charges from long
ago that's the thing that's the constant
refrain Oh someone so it was a bad
person years ago
now now remember the whole bad person
thing only applies to conservatives they
still love Bill Clinton they still love
his enabler Hillary they still love the
Lion of the Senate Ted Kennedy hell he
killed a chick he freakin killed a chick
and he's their hero so this is all
baloney they don't care about this stuff
Oh every once in a while they'll
sacrifice somebody you know to soothe
the the extremists who actually believe
in stuff because there are a few of them
you know they throw them al franken's
fuzzy head but they don't believe it
they don't care it's all baloney why
would any good person these days who's
actually conservative want to run
because you're going to get faced with
charges with claims with accusations
that you cannot disprove sense that's
the the reason we have the presumption
of innocence on the part of you know
four defendants in anglo-american law
that the government has to prove it
because it's almost impossible to prove
you did not do something or sometimes it
is I mean you know sometimes somebody
says oh he was robbing a bank and no
I've you know got you know here's a
picture of me getting on an airplane in
you know Los Angeles at the time you saw
I was robbing okay so sometimes you can
just prove but a lot of times you can
where were you that night while I was
home watching TV
haha prove it well the hell I proved
that I was at home watching TV you know
I what the heck that's
kinda the method to jour that they're
using against our politicians against
the people who are carrying our banner
accusations in a demand that they proved
themselves innocent well they did to
Donald Trump they had women coming out
of the woodwork accusing of the being
flagrantly heterosexual okay and now
they've got Brett Kavanaugh accused of
being a drunken teenager okay what what
makes an incentive what's the instead of
here if you were a good-quality
conservative to actually jump in and try
and make change because you're just
going to get slime your reputation your
integrity everything you've worked for
from brick Cavanaugh's you know this
accusation 36 years old for 36 years he
has lived a exemplary life they
literally found nothing and yet they're
trying to flush it all down the toilet
just cuz they don't like his politics of
course normal people like his politics
and that's kind of a problem because
they can't beat him fair and square
so they've got a lie and it's it's
intentional because they want to make it
so a good conservative people don't get
in the public arena this isn't just
about Brett Kavanaugh
this one's just about Donald Trump this
is about driving us out of the arena
driving us out of the public space
putting a warning out there if you dare
oppose the status quo if you dare
challenge the establishment we will
destroy you and there's only one thing
we can do we gotta tell him to go to
hell and fight back you guys can follow
me on twitter at kurt Schlichter you can
get your fill of kurt selector on Town
Hall every Monday and Thursday and you
can follow me here
seeing my absolutely free short and
punchy rants every Tuesday and Friday
you
