we discovered through access to
information documents despite the
government's efforts to hide disks from
other queries like those from the
Canadian Taxpayers Federation that
$50,000 is the amount in cash aid direct
cash aid from the federal government
provided to refugee families and the
government used a family of four as
their baseline when we know that there
were more families of seven and eight
and even nine coming than there were
families of four so that's the name of
the website 50,000 dot C a and the
reason I found it so outrageous who has
not only the fact that the government
was actively trying to hide that and we
could see it in the documents where they
were editing their talking points in
real-time saying we're not going to tell
the public this amount but it was so
shocking to me that the government right
now continues to fight Canadian veterans
in court and Canadian servicemembers
have to use the food bank at
Christmastime because we are not
compensating them the way they need to
be and I found it so rageous so I
started a petition to the government
asking them to treat Canadian veterans
and active service members as well as
they treat migrant families who've done
I don't know the hard work of landing on
a plane or dragging their luggage across
the border yeah
$50,000 cash that doesn't account for
health care you know education welfare
medicine any other social services they
get that's just on the cash side what
gets me is if the government is doing
something and then actively hiding it
and to me that's the biggest takeaway to
have confirmation that they're spending
fifty thousand bucks cash per family is
shocking but not surprising but I think
the true proof of the lack of ethics in
Trudeau's government here is that they
know what they're doing is so wrong in
the eyes of the public but instead of
changing what they're doing their top
priorities to hide it to cover it up to
to deceive to obfuscate to get the fog
machine going that's right there in the
documents the Troodos bureaucrats
arguing don't say $50,000 don't say the
word don't say the word don't make it
easy for people to find out the truth
about what we're doing that shows they
know what they're doing is immoral yeah
it shows for one all be it gross it's a
you know an admission it's self
awareness that we don't often see in
this government that they realize that
if the Canadian public knew this number
that Canadian families who are going to
work and dropping their kids off at
daycare and working really hard every
day just to take home this same amount
if they found out about this they would
be absolutely outraged and again radio
silence from the mainstream media but
you know yesterday I did a story that
uncovered exactly why that is the
immigration refugees in citizenship
ministry was actually actively looking
to hire unemployed and recently laid off
journalists act as spin-doctors for
operation Syrian refugee and of course
of course word gets around in the
mainstream media about who's hiring and
why so I mean if if all the coverage
recently of the murder of Marissa Shen
and operation Syrian refugee feels a
little bit like a cover letter for a job
in the government that's because it
really is that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra Levin show weekdays
at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
