holy cow is it time to panic are we
facing not a blue wave but a blue
tsunami that's going to destroy
everything that we have tried to rebuild
in the wake of Hurricane Obama the
answer probably not this is take that
with Curt Schlichter well the media is
having a field day it's having a fit
we're seeing poll after poll after poll
telling us that we are doomed yes folks
doomed we're gonna die all of us in a
horrible horrible explosion of blue come
early November the midterms
they're headed our way and we're in
trouble if you believe the mainstream
media now let's be super clear here I
think we could be in trouble we could
very possibly be in a lot of danger we
could be on the precipice of losing not
only the house but the sentence Senate
it could happen it could happen folks
it's just the people who are telling me
it's a certainty I'm not sure I believe
them okay if you look at the polls
and I do look at the polls they're all
over the place you got the generic
Congress poll that's the Congressional
poll that's the one where they go out
and they go well into 10 M over a
Democrat or would you tend not to suck I
mean I mean vote for the Republican and
those numbers are all over the place
some of them are plus two for Democrats
that's that's not too bad
some are plus 14 for Democrats that's
really bad and that's a big that's like
that's like 12 points who's right who's
wrong I don't know but here's what I do
know I do know that the guys who keep
telling us that we're in danger are also
the guys who really want us to be in
danger
a lot of their polls seem to be
reinforcing the message they want to
send and the message they want to send
is hey Republicans don't even bother
going to vote you're doomed you're doing
I just love saving doomed you know when
NPR or NBC or The Washington Post start
telling me you're Republicans there is
no hope I start thinking well gosh if
there is no hope why isn't there a
president Hillary Clinton well the
simple fact is there may be hope or
there may not be I don't really know I
think that we've got an uphill fight I
think that we've got a struggle in the
house based on historic trends and the
mobilization of our opponents but does
that mean we're doomed I don't know see
cuz here's the thing when I get a call
on my handy dandy little cellphone here
it is and they go yes mr. Schlachter
this is blank polling company and I'd
like to ask you if you click do you
answer those questions I only ask those
questions I think the people who are
motivated and angry and liberal want to
answer those questions I think people
like me and probably people like you go
I've got better things to do like
playing lint soccer or petting my pet
unicorn there are plenty of things to do
that don't involve spending a lot of
time on the phone answering stupid
questions from some guy in a boiler room
somewhere making minimum wage pestering
people at dinnertime
look I'm not saying that polls don't
matter I think they do matter and I
think they do point in general in
aggregate to a big challenge for us the
Democrats are motivated folks we got to
be equally motivated I'm not saying
we're gonna win I'm just saying when you
see a poll tell me that Texas is gonna
elect that little weasel bado you know
the drum peyto that guy right the commie
in Texas are you kidding me you think
that's a thing I don't think that's a
thing and I tell them how its neck and
neck I don't see it as being a thing
guys I just don't I think Ted Cruz is
gonna walk all over this little pink oh
but they're telling me it's super close
which tells me somebody's move a to
answer questions and somebody's
motivated to provide those answers to us
as kind of wish casting to kind of push
pull their way to six
will it work it will if you let it if
you let it demoralize you if it you let
it get to you if you let it run you down
let me give you three words in one
initial president Donald J Trump the guy
they told us couldn't win the guy they
told us could not beat the smartest
woman in the world felonio Milhouse
blonde pantsuit and yet he did and yet
he did defying all expectations blowing
the polls out of the water he did it
look we haven't lost the fight I'm not
saying we shouldn't be fighting we need
to we all need to rededicate if you're a
check-writing guy write a check if
you're like living where I am and can't
lose to a god I love dead lose district
he's so dumb there are minerals out
there who are smarter than Ted Alou if
you live in a district like Ted Lou's
where he's just not gonna lose cuz
everyone around me is an idiot if you
live there write a check to somebody
else
how that army vet running in Michigan
how about him maybe the guy maybe the
one fighting cat McCaskill or the one
fighting Don Lee in Indiana or the one
fighting Joe Manchin there's so many
people to support even if you're trapped
in a living hell like I am so get out
there and do it just don't let the polls
tomorrow Elijah that's what they want
don't give it to them this is take back
this is take that with Kurdish Lee if
you want to see more of me you can go on
to Twitter and I occasionally tweet it's
at Kerch like there you should check out
my townhall columns every Monday and
Thursday and of course here on the rebel
a new one of these outside the paywall
three is a bird mini rants every Tuesday
every Friday right here on the rebel
media this is take that with Curt
Schlichter
