something strange is happening in
British schools the number of children
being home educated has risen by 40% in
the last three years the figures have
gone up from 34 thousand children in
2015 to nearly fifty thousand children
in 2017 here in Wales the trend is stark
more children are being homeschooled
electively than at any other time in the
last five years and in greater numbers
in percentage terms than any other part
of the UK
Karadzic Ian's in Mid Wales has one of
the highest home schooling numbers in
the country but it's hard to get your
hands on actual numbers and the Welsh
government admit they don't really know
how many people are home-schooled they
say we recognize that we are currently
unable to provide reliable figures on
how many children are educated at home
and that's one of the reasons we'll be
consulting on a database on home
educators so what exactly is going on
why are so many mums and dads choosing
to teach their kids at home my thoughts
on the right on home school Brigade
aren't exactly kind I've been quite
harsh about home school mums in the past
I've said some pretty tough things they
chant mum knows best like a mantra at
breakfast hairdressers and Tampax are
regarded as a violation of their extreme
family privacy you know it's a nod to
these kind of homeschool mums that think
they're holier than now that are more
perfect that their little baby is simply
too precious for the system but what I'm
noticing is a huge uptick in the number
of regular mums just like myself regular
Brits who are now opting out of the
state system of education I've come to
Newport to meet one of these new
generation of regular mums Tanya who
felt she had no choice but to take her
gifted son out of school because there
is no teaching for high achievers in
Wales with a nearly qualified teacher
and that's where it all sort of went
horribly wrong and she was so focused
on a tick box of right I've got to get
the 20 the bulk through for the results
table the amount that get the get the
majority through at this sort of the
common denominator yeah you know make
the make the degrade to a c-grade as
opposed to possibly the a great to an
eighth star or whatever but for children
that are super smart off the chart
scoring very highly there's no place for
them in where school well III went back
a for the school for PD just three
months and I asked for her to give him
more difficult work and obviously by now
the teacher that he'd add the year
before was now the deputy head she was
brilliant so she told her to give him
more difficult work he came on them with
GCSE work today
little max is having a science lesson
and it's fascinating to watch him he's
so hungry for information
he scores off the charts in his tests
and is clearly an incredibly bright
child but I wonder about the kids who
aren't as lucky as max maybe forced out
of school by bullying without parents
who are not as able to teach them at
home numbers not known by the Welsh
government the government tells me the
Education Secretary has announced she
intends to consult on using existing
legislation to require local authorities
to establish a database to identify
children not on a school register not in
education otherwise than at school and
not receiving a suitable education
whatever the hell that means listening
to Tonya it's clear the problem in Welsh
schools extends far wider than gifted
children alone Welsh schools perform
incredibly poorly in the PISA World
Rankings and Welsh schools are the worst
performing in the UK many feel that a
government obsession with the Welsh
language forcing children to learn in
the medium of Welsh is to blame Micaela
is the mother of a Down Syndrome child
she knows Welsh medium schools aren't
wrong for children with disabilities and
has spoken out against them
she says the government are imposing
Welsh by stealth yes
a little bit of protest but then people
just believe into submission and is
instigated I think by Leon wood the MPs
wrote to the plight MP rose to Jeremy
Coburn about me I got suspended from and
just so we're clear this campaign
against you by Leon woods by politicians
by the media that was because you spoke
out against compulsory welsh-medium for
you know against without parental kind
of choice hundreds of emails and calls
from educators and parents on both sides
of the political divide all keen to
share their points of view you were a
school governor there or are a school
governor there and you got in touch with
me just sort of saying you know you've
got some views you could help explain
cuz Kara did Gyan is one of the has one
of the highest rates of home schooling
in Wales that's correct isn't it
acknowledged her own husband was worried
about welsh-medium schooling in case he
was unable to help their children with
their homework
in a way and just as I had been warned
by Michaela the attack dogs of the press
the politicians and the bureaucrats came
after me simply for being in Wales and
daring to question the system Wales
online dived in as did countless
politicians media outlets and Welsh
nationalists not to mention the angry
mob on Twitter the issue around
education in Wales is fascinating and I
think it's interesting that the
politicians are quick to notice that I'm
here but very slow to address the fact
that Wales is a grossly underperforming
nation when it comes to education and I
would have thought that would be their
priority and it makes no sense in a
country where education scores are the
worst in the UK for maths English and
science and results are falling off a
cliff why prioritize an arbitrary target
of a million Welsh speakers by 2050 why
punish children for speaking English
when it's the language of college and
work and why the obsession on a dead
language when both high performers and
children with additional learning needs
are being marginalized and forced out
young people recognise all this Welsh
language obsession is a bit pointless by
the time you reach college people say
well schools are a bit crap is that fair
yeah what do you say is it fair yeah see
this is all best smashdown Welsh medium
school means you're taught you learn and
were you allowed to use English as a
conversational language at school
julene is in a social art way exactly
right unlike playgrounds and stuff when
we're talking with our friends we are
told that we have to speak Welsh if we
speak English then we're almost punished
we get detentions that is really I think
if you have no relation to Wales if you
don't visit it regularly if you have no
family here if you weren't born in Wales
and you have no connection if you have
no care about well yes I don't believe
Katie Hopkins does then I don't believe
you shouldn't have a say if there are
schools here that only I lose you know
this was a surprise to me probably not
to you that only speak Welsh Welsh
medium schools they teach maths through
the medium of Welsh does that surprise
you do you think it's important that
Welsh is taught in schools you know and
why not because many people say oh do
you get to speak Welsh now not really
cuz I've just started the course at the
college and it's an English course when
it comes to jobs and stuff there isn't
much use for it I came here to Wales to
understand why so many mums and dads are
choosing to homeschool their children
and so many people have been in touch
it's been an amazing thing the thing is
when you come to places people want to
share their truths and the truths of
this place are complicated some people
need to homeschool their children
because they're exceptionally clever
other people struggle with Welsh medium
schools where only Welsh is taught and
our removing their children because
they're confused trying to learn maths
in Welsh and other people feel strongly
and proudly defiantly patriotic that
Welsh really matters here it's okay to
be a proud nationalist but one thing I
have come away thinking with Welsh
education schools being so low and Wales
performing so poorly from educational
perspective is perhaps the Welsh
government have got their priorities
entirely wrong
you
you
