Tim Allen sitcom Last Man Standing is
about to get its second chance and Tim
Allen himself well he just can't help
himself doing those interviews that tick
off the left talking about that today on
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
you all I'm sure no comedian and actor
Tim Allen Tim the Toolman Taylor the
Santa Claus the voice of Buzz Lightyear
and most recently Mike Baxter on Last
Man Standing which Y all I am so excited
about it coming back I freaking love
that show I will literally sit at home
and watch reruns over and over and over
again even if it's a rerun that I just
watched last week he performed stand-up
at the Laugh Factory here in Hollywood
pretty often I think I saw him sometime
last fall and I think he's hilarious
although his stand-up is not suitable
for the same audience that his TV shows
are you all might remember that his show
last man standing portrayed a husband
and father Mike Baxter who constantly
ripped on Hillary Clinton the Obama
administration and basically anything
Democrat each of the characters on his
show had endearing qualities even for
the token liberal characters like his
son-in-law the show enjoyed an amazing
amount of success it had one point seven
rating among adults aged 14 18 to 49
with over eight million viewers it was a
major hit and representative
conservative values and a nuclear family
something you hardly see anymore well we
will be seeing it again as the reboot of
the show starts on Fox September 28th so
watch it or set your DVR you can
obviously tell by the writing on the
show that Tim Allen disagrees with many
of his colleagues in Hollywood he has
always been outspoken about his beliefs
which a lot of people argue was why his
show was canceled the first time around
but that has not stopped him because in
a new interview he is praising this
administration and basically saying to
his liberal obstructionist pals in
Hollywood lay off it will ya in an
interview with Entertainment Weekly he
said this I've met Trump at the charity
event years ago and that certainly
doesn't fit with the man who tweets I've
met a lot of people in private whose
public persona is a bit off my
perception is let's see what he gets
done let's stop banging on the pilots
door and trying to pull the guy out of
his seat while he's still flying you
might not like how he's flying the plane
but let's let him land it do I like him
or agree with him I don't know somebody
got this NAFTA thing done how did
happen it's like a sleight of hand with
this dude there's this smoke and smelly
food but over here he just fixed a
pothole the theater of this is
fascinating okay I really like that
pilot analogy I just might have to steal
that but it's completely true I have met
the President and people are always
asking me what he's like he is totally
normal that's truly the most essential
and accurate thing I can say about him
he's tall he's relatively large build
he's obviously larger than life on
television but in real life in person he
just seems like a regular Joe Schmo with
maybe a little bit of that Trump twist
but Tim Allen says it like it is and he
might have gotten punished for it the
first time around with Last Man Standing
but let's hope that this new time around
that everyone watches it enjoys the same
ratings that it did last time so watch
it again that September 28th on Fox
watch it or set your DVR thanks for
watching I hope you all have a fantastic
weekend I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com amanda head for
the rebel
