I think the Canadian stock market
obviously will be slaughtered
and the Canadian dollar will be
slaughtered I mean do you know one way
the Canadian cars with a 20% tariff on
them could still be affordable in the US
how could that possibly be well what if
the Canadian dollar fell by 20 cents in
a week I know that sounds devastating
but think about it if you just
discounted everything in Canada by 20%
20% off sale then that car would cost
the same as it did before the tariffs
right Americans could still afford it
because they would be using American
dollars they would be buying with their
real greenbacks our mini bucks so it's
it's a tiny version of Venezuela where
we're currencies worthless if you make
money worthless enough as you make your
currency worthless enough you can sell
anything to the world it just makes you
poor because you're really not getting a
lot for it because anything we import
well now we got to pay 20% more with
without cheap currency whether it's
fruits or electronics or obviously
foreign travel I don't think that can't
happen to wealthy countries
remember Detroit Michigan used to be the
highest-paid
city in terms of the industrial wage in
all America now it's it's an unemployed
black hole Venezuela as we learned the
other day with Daniel primes used to
have a higher GDP per capita than Canada
look at it now I'm not saying Canada
will go that way or go the way of
Argentina but it is not impossible for
countries to rise and then to fall it's
not just the auto sector that the banks
all talked about in their studies
because this nafta fiasco it wouldn't
happen in a vacuum remember it's
happening at the same time the Justin
Trudeau was destroying the oil and gas
and pipeline industries and and we can't
get anything built and the courts and
he's bringing in Bill citty 69 to make
it even harder look Justin Trudeau
really doesn't want any industry in this
country so you layer this new auto
tariffs on top of what he's doing and
really would you invest in Canada's
economy if you were an international
company not in the energy industry
that's for sure not in manufacturing for
any kind of manufacturing in it and if a
trade war is on the
maybe it's really on the war I mean
maybe it escalates Trump does that
sometimes maybe Trump while he's at it
wants to add Oh access to our banking
industry wants to add access to our
cellphone industry what I mean by that
is you could go and open up an account
with Wells Fargo downtown or Citibank or
whatever I don't know what the American
banks are that's the thing we don't know
either the choice
well what Canadian would be upset by
that if if Trump wants access to our
cellphone industry I think Canadians
would love
I think Canadians should hope we get
American competitors for both wouldn't
you like to be able to get better
interest rates lower fees at your bank
even if we're owned by American
shareholders wouldn't you like cheaper
cell phone service who wouldn't there's
any real Canadian actually love our
cable or Bank companies or our cell
phone companies I don't think so again
if a trade war is on just like it is in
dairy prices maybe Canadians could wind
up the winners after all a family if
Canada finally agrees to do a deal but
in the meantime expect every single
thing to become more expensive
so to recap if that tariff comes on you
got a plunging dollar you got a plunging
stock market you got auto factories
getting ready to relocate to America
same thing for the support industries
for the auto industry thinking about
relocating to America or frankly to
Mexico why not now that they have a
dealing we don't investment free total
investment freeze who would put money
into any part of the Canadian economy to
build a factory if those factory
products couldn't enter the US too I
suppose if the whole country became
cheap enough because of a low dollar and
an investment drought maybe someone
could come in and buy things at a
salvage value maybe would be Americans I
don't know Warren Buffett or maybe some
of Justin Trudeau's best friends in
China don't laugh
they still have a lot of foreign
currency just sloshing around and Canada
will be on sale remember all the banks
say will be in a recession you saw their
studies imagine how real estate prices
will fall especially in Toronto I'm not
just talking about individual Chinese
people buying up cheap real estate
personally I'm talking about massive
investments by Chinese companies buying
Canadian companies that are damaged or
underpriced it's just a possibility now
the media party will be unanimous about
all this
it's Trump's fault Trudeau's the hero
who bravely fought for Canada and
Canadian pride he protected us or at
least he protected Quebec's few thousand
dairy farmers and he protected the CBC
those are the last two deal-breakers for
Trudeau this fake negotiation and dairy
industry and cultural industries for
that he'll kill the auto industry and so
much more the media party knows it will
be the right thing to do because Trump
but for a hundred and sixty thousand
Auto Workers that means 160 thousand
families yeah I don't think they'll be
able to get over the fact that they're
now unemployed and anyone who's
retirement savings are now worthless
because of our dollar or our stock
market that will be hard to understand
anyone who's sucked away their life
savings in their house that's now worth
thirty percent less it'll be hard to
understand and the recession and the
reduction in tax revenues to the
government so the government cutbacks to
social services and the higher interest
rates that's what a trade war with Trump
will look like if you doubt it ask
turkey Trump just tweeted about a trade
war BAM they're con me went into a Dale
spam I don't want any of this to happen
by the way I wanted the deal Trump
offered Trudeau on live TV remember this
Justin has agreed to cut all tariffs all
trade barriers
between Canada the United States a
quicker witted Prime Minister would have
said you've got a deal Donald now let's
go play golf since we're done
but Rio doesn't want to deal does he he
wants a hateable enemy and Donald Trump
wants more factories I think they'll
both get what they want everyone will be
happy hmm except Canadian workers that's
an excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
