well today it is my pleasure to
interview a true journey man who took a
very unorthodox path from sports to
teaching and of course the next logical
step making movies
Tom Symes is a Canadian filmmaker and
teacher in his new movie because of
gracia shook things up all over the
place including in my home country the
United States Tom thank you so much for
coming on the show it's great to see you
Ben it's always good to talk to you too
my man it's great to talk to somebody
from the state up above you know what I
mean what part of Canada yet
I'm from Saskatoon Saskatchewan and
whenever I get people from the States
trying to say Saskatoon Saskatchewan it
doesn't come out pretty I gotta ask you
probably the first question most
Americans would probably ask it seems
like becoming a teacher opens up so many
doors so what about that made you go
into moviemaking instead of say becoming
the prime minister or were you just
overqualified since apparently Trudeau
is just a substitute teacher what made
you decide to go into that why he was
actually a snowboard instructor as well
so that's why I think probably you know
it's it's it's a crazy journey been I
just kept growing my theater skills and
then in 2005 I decided to start a film
company I realized that the the drama
that I was doing was great but it was it
was momentary whereas films last forever
you know most people know the movie
Casablanca
with Humphrey Bogart and so I was able
to get these plays in a permanent sort
of place and so that's why I got into
film yeah that's that's not the first
thing that most people jump to is like
I'm gonna start a film company that's a
pretty big endeavor something you've
gotta obviously be passionate about and
something that I know you are passionate
about and one thing I know from personal
experience to create a movie like the
movie because the Grassi that you wrote
and directed it's something that you
have to be very driven about so what was
it about that story they gave you the
drive to see that thing to completion
well you know I
I really believe that God always has us
in a place where he wants to take us
places in our lives and and prepares us
for them and as I started writing it I
had people read the script they loved it
and crazy enough I decided to take a
whole group of young people and produce
the the film as a rough cut I called it
a rough cut at the high school I was
teaching at it was very progressive high
school very very sexually liberal high
school and the principal seems like this
movie has some very conservative
messages in it yeah well the principal I
told my one to shoot it during the
summer he said absolutely cuz we were
good friends and I said well I'm gonna
show you the script he goes don't show
me the script Tom he knew that he would
get in trouble I'd get in trouble if I
actually offended when we were shooting
this thing so we we shot an incognito
some producers from Louisiana including
Lisa Arnold got ahold of the script your
mom Niecy Davies who's a wonderful
casting director got a hold of the film
the rough cut and they really want to
get involved in this thing and so we
ended up going down to Louisiana to
shoot the film location location
location and sometimes you got to travel
south and go to a different country to
get the right locations for it I gotta
say like - as someone with such a risky
endeavor to make a movie and everything
you include is that you said there
forever on the big screen and you have
some really dicey sensitive topics
especially in 2018 in because of gracia
particularly and the subject of abortion
and pro-life and lock myself even though
the movie is not necessarily about that
entirely it's just an aspect of it was
that a concern of yours what kind of
feedback have you gotten or pushback or
praise because of it I understand that
it's it's a very I it's it's very
controversial but I think because film
deals with humanity and and our our
collective humanity a lot of people that
might not necessarily believe with the
pro-life message actually really
understand Bobby's trauma that she has
in making a decision the young lady that
gets pregnant in the film and my
pro-life my
pro-abortion friends I'll call them that
extend not pro-life but my friends that
don't agree with my pro-life stance
actually really respect the story and
they respect the way it's told and so I
don't see it as so much contentious as
conflicted I guess yeah like you said
it's not necessarily something that is
driven home like you're trying to
villainize people at all and I think you
tackled it very well at this movie
because what I don't like about so many
movies that are tackling a specific
point or addressing something is that's
what the whole movie is about it's just
like it activism kind of movie but what
I liked so much about your movie because
the gracia was it was telling an honest
story yeah that was an aspect of it and
you showed it in a very real way which I
appreciated but like you said because we
were live in such a sensitive time I'm
wondering if you also think that you can
make an honest movie and have it not
become political or be attacked is it
because I feel like do you feel like
you're as a filmmaker people are pushed
into a box and if you try to tell an
honest movie if you're going to do it
in that kind of way is it inevitably
gonna get some pushback and be
politically incorrect absolutely yeah we
you know America is super divided right
now and one of the one of the things I
thought about this summer I you know
because as a teacher I get I get the
break during the summer and I usually do
writing and and do a lot of film stuff
and one of the questions I ask myself a
big question that I don't have answered
yet but the question I had was what are
our shared values in school and what I'm
realizing is that we're kind of drifting
and the drift has been there for quite a
while but the shared values are not
happening and that's why we ended up
with Chase Morgan who was this
undercover Christian who felt that the
values that he had he couldn't share out
loud in the classroom and it's it's
becoming more and more evident to me
that if you don't share the right values
you're in trouble yeah I really enjoyed
that aspect of movie too and every
single person I've talked to about
because of Grassi has said a very very
similar thing about about the movie how
much they enjoyed it I have a question
just for you as someone who's an
American obviously this kind of movie
like really shook up a lot of people and
angered some people that were you know
on the approach
choice out of the argument did you find
more feedback to the United States or
Canada because I was really curious
there's only four countries in the
entire world that have no federal
restrictions on abortions once the baby
is viable and that's China North Korea
Canada in the United States and one of
those countries has a one-child policy
one is North Korea and then it's us too
so I was just curious like what which
one of these two sides like give you
more pushback that's that I read I mean
I looked at our IMDB site we've got an
eight-point-two rating which is amazing
I haven't read it by the way and I
haven't told any of my friends to rate
the film but we've gotten tons of
feedback but it's been super positive we
haven't had what I was waiting for been
to be honest with you is that I go back
to school
last fall after the movie came out in
the theaters and I would have people up
front of my you know a classroom with
placards you know saying get signs out
of this bill and get him out of school
or I'd have staff that wouldn't talk to
me again
instead I've had staff shoulder tapping
me and saying hey can I see this on
pay-per-view and I'm like uh yeah you
know and I I wanted to I didn't want to
make a big deal out of the film at all
but when I came back to school last fall
I mean this is the opposite of what I
thought would happen we had all our
staff together and we the very first
meeting we had were in a big circle and
my principal and vice-principal of the
high school said okay it's great to have
all of you back we just want to let you
know that Tom Symes has created a
feature film and he shot it in Louisiana
and it's an amazing felt and they talked
for like ten minutes and they said Tom
we'd like you to talk now they caught me
totally off guard because I was
expecting the same thing Ben I was
expecting pushback I was expecting
people that would be texting me or
facebooking me and sending these nasty
messages but God's been good that way I
mean we've found the exact office in
fact in Chicago and in Florida and
Michigan know we're the third place was
there were three cities where gracia
babies were born where girls had gone
into the theater pregnant one girl was
just going to have an abortion two days
later and when she saw the film decided
not to have
portion and all three of them named
their girls Gracia because it's awesome
that's the real deal my man that's the
real deal I'll definitely have to I
don't I get you out on that for sure
just a few things for we go what's next
for you and where is the best place for
people to find because of Gracia and you
know following the film and that sort of
thing as far as connecting to because a
Gracia have to go to because of Gracia
calm because of Gracia calm you can
actually purchase the film there you can
buy the DVD or you can do pay-per-view
through that and we'd love to hear from
you guys we also have a Facebook because
of Gracia Facebook account if you want
to check out we've got cool stuff on
there as well
IMDB I mean there's lots of different
sources but we've really appreciated the
feedback and if you've seen the film out
there and you've got something to say to
us Facebook us get on to our website
contact us I've had people email me and
I get I get back to them so I love
connecting with people that really is
the best part of filming and getting the
response from the audience putting two
years your life into something and
seeing people enjoy their lives change
and then even like have their baby be
called like Gracia absolutely awesome
man
Tom Symes thanks so much for coming on
man and I hope to talk to you again soon
you will thanks man take care brother
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
