hello this Ebrahim alley 28 is accused
of first-degree murder the integrated
homicide investigation team announced on
Monday superintendent Donna Richardson
the officer in charge of I hid called
for the public to remain calm and not
make generalizations about the
revelation that Olli was a refugee quote
by and large our refugees that come to
the country our hard-working citizens
who are very happy to be in Canada I
hope that we look at this incident for
what it is a one-off situation she said
at a press conference on Monday they
hang on a second
say it's a hard-working citizen the
searing sir hard-working says relax
actually they're not citizens when you
come to Canada as a refugee year you're
not granted citizenship you're a
permanent resident you can later on
apply for a citizenship even but you're
not a citizen ibrahim ali was not a
citizen he allegedly committed this
murder three months after he got here
citizen sounds great though
sounds like a tax payer sounds like a
contributing member of society a society
who follows our rules and lives up to
our culture Ali was not a citizen why
would the police lie hard-working
citizens no less do we know if that's
true do we know if he Brahim mohali was
hard-working you know even even the CBC
acknowledges that Syrians who came here
from Trudeau they just don't work at all
they don't speak English or French they
don't even have a high school equivalent
on average they have no job schools
skills 90% of Justin Trudeau's Syrian
migrants are unemployed 90% are
unemployed and according to other
government statistics even five years
after all the refugees come to Canada
half of them are still on welfare and
that's not even talking about the
Syrians why would the police lie they're
not citizens are not hard-working and
since when I police experts on economics
and jobs and what we should feel or not
these Syrian refugees aren't really from
Syria they're from Lebanon from Turkey
from Jordan they're not really refugees
they were say
in those countries Lebanon Turkey Jordan
many of them don't wanna be here
especially since the civil war in Syria
is pretty much over look at all these
stories since Trump and Putin crushed
Isis tens of thousands of Syrian
refugees are going home going home I
wish a Brahim Ali went home 17 months
ago before he allegedly committed the
murder I wish both Ibrahim Ali's went
home I wish all the other Syrian
migrants commiting crimes are being
accused of crimes I wish they just went
home now you know that fuck who came to
New Brunswick was the star of an
Australian documentary such a hero he
was later convicted of beating his wife
for half an hour with a hockey stick
remember him he said he didn't know
beating your wife or the hockey stick
wasn't allowed in Canada that's a nice
Canadian touch a beat your wife with a
hockey stick so Canadian hey good news
it's safe for him to go back to Syria
now 95% of Syria is under government
control now Isis always on the run hey
I'm a Brahimi
your your country needs you you need to
rebuild it all you young military aides
single Muslim men who should not have
come here
your country needs you to join the army
or the militia to guard against Isis
returning maybe you can find a nice
Syrian girl and get married and you can
live in your customary ways and
hopefully not beat too many women with
hockey sticks but do it over there the
war is over
go home you're not a refugee now the war
is over that's an excerpt from my daily
show the Ezra Levant show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
