Isis beheads you in Dutch art exhibition
so I saw something on Twitter you have
to check this out it's in the
Netherlands a new art exhibition at the
Gaga art and music festival you can take
photographs of you getting beheaded by
Isis just take a look at this the piece
shows jihadi John
the British jihadi with a hand holding a
knife you can put your head through the
hole and pretend he's taking your head
off it's called phantom pain and it was
created by an Botha a 22 year old artist
who said she wanted to give victimize
Europeans a taste of what it's like to
be affected by Isis she said as a
spectator of these attacks we do not
want to experience it but we want to be
part of it the overreaching tone of the
messages within the aftermath amplifies
a feeling of collective victimization by
European citizens however in comparison
there were only a few who were really
present at the attacks and the rest of
Europe only perceived them through
cinematic and photographic imagery the
work has been denounced by local
politicians surprise surprise I'm not a
huge fan of this I think it's kind of
horrible but of course politicians
wouldn't want people to see something
like this they're probably terrified of
the backlash it was only recently that
Girt worlders had to cancel his drama
Mohamad competition because of the
threat to the lives of the people who
were planning on attending if you want
to see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
