some big changes have been made to Miss
America contest this year but many don't
even know because of its record low
viewership years and years of criticism
by the left
Miss America has finally back down and
nobody was there to notice the New York
Times reported on the changes explaining
for starters this year's event was
called a competition not a pageant and
the participants were candidates
interviewing for the job of Miss America
not contestants
there was no runway this year and the
word Miss had been stripped from the
sashes though each still had a little
pocket that could conceal a lipstick
tube and of course in the wake of me -
there were no swimsuits this was the
debut of the newer Walker Miss America
or Miss America 2.0 as it has been
rebranded by its new chair gretchen
carlson the former Fox News anchor and
Miss America in 1989 this year's
candidates as the show's televised
introduction explained were diverse and
inclusive empowered leaders and
beautiful inside and out and I think
it's great that contestants included
stem graduates and programmers it's
always good to show off the best of
women pageants often get a bad rap but
there's so many other aspects than
beauty to these pageants the winner has
to showcase a multitude of talents to be
crowned to the winner but I think it's
just too much to change the entire
pageant and make it overtly political
because that's what they've done here
you can't watch anything nowadays
without it being preachy maybe this is
why viewership is low who would want to
tune in to politically correct Riverland
see shows and competitions they've loved
for years completely ruined
Margo Mifflin and English professor from
the City University of New York said at
some point people didn't need to see
scantily clad ladies on the stage
anymore
they could see it on their computers the
audience turnout has certainly been
declining
I mean I feel like they are degrading
themselves if they think it's all about
scantily clad women there's more to it
than this and we shouldn't underestimate
the power political correctness has to
turn viewers off oh and by the way four
of the top five finalists were women of
color so so much for diversity right
I think the constant drama regarding the
pageants has put people off as well who
would want to watch a show that's been
the center of a boring drawn-out feud
over alleged sexism I mean I hope they
learn from this mistake and go back to a
traditional pageant I hope they make it
fun again and I'm sure the rest of the
viewers who didn't tune in this time do
as well if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
