it took me to this beautiful place where
exactly are we what is this building
this is the main building of Warsaw
Technical University it was built
between 19th and 20th century and it was
inspired by polish architecture of
palaces and also by Italian Renaissance
and Baroque it's quite beautiful quite
big and is still used as a university
building but it is also rented maybe
even every month for conferences and
some events this venue when we are here
it is used for commercial events tell me
about the architecture in Warsaw so I
see a lot of different types of things
there's the post modernist type
architecture and then there's stuff like
this what can you tell me about those
differences in Warsaw this differences
shows our history so Warsaw is quite old
city and we have a center which is very
a classical many main streets but
unfortunately during Warsaw Uprising
almost everything was destroyed by
Germans so this historical part was
rebuilt after the war but the free space
was filled by new buildings after the
Second World War in 40s 50s and even now
we have still free space and we built
modern buildings some of them are
typical post modernist architecture for
offices for companies for business and
some of them are public buildings now
built rather in modern way but we have
also very many churches very many old
public buildings like this one and they
are very beautiful if somebody visits
were so I encourage to visit not only
this places which are in in books for
tourists but also a public buildings
like this one which are sometimes even
more interesting very nice so when you
see where
so uprising that was around World War
two and Germany was bombing and
flattening your cities is that correct
so it's just so the audience knows
exactly what you're talking about the
difference between the uprising yes for
international audience it is important
to know that there were two uprising in
Poland's first was uprising in the
ghetto and second was Warsaw Uprising
uprising in the ghetto was in the ghetto
and Germany killed all Jews and
destroyed all buildings in the ghetto
but it was only a part of the center of
the city and after in 1944 the litter
was Warsaw Uprising general uprising
against Germany and they were very angry
about this act of Independence of Polish
people so they they after they they win
they want the uprising they started to
destroy the city and they burnt house by
house all center all historical
buildings and they put explosives to to
destroy all buildings
fortunately they destroyed only 90% not
hand 100% but we rebuilt as a Polish
nation and what was most valuable the
part of our heritage and the rest was
still under the ground sometimes when
you walk through the center especially
in in the north on the north from the
center you will see small mountains and
on the small towns are new buildings so
these mountains are is what what what
was after after destroying all the
buildings it's a it's a sign of our
history what effect would that have on a
nation to destroy one's architecture and
culture and art you should understand
that during the occupation in Germany
try to destroy our nation not like
Jewish nation killing everybody
but in killing especially Polish elite
so they had lists they were prepared
before the occupation and waited when
they came in and they started to gather
people for example profesores priests
clerks leaders of the army officers and
they killed one by one to let's say make
poor they had the fury that poles should
be nation to do only easy work for
Germany so they do not need any elite
they do not cultural heritage because
it's useless for them and they were
going to destroy all of that because
they were thinking that they are
superior nation Nordic inertia nation
and Slavic nations are lower in this
hierarchy so they could be treated like
slaves I mean to destroy a nation and a
culture to destroy a nation you would
destroy its culture and its its art and
that's what I worry about with the left
in America doing
they love to tear down our statues and
culture and and and put in its place a
lot of degeneracy and and rework history
and retell history in its own way so I
think it's really devastating to destroy
arts and culture and history from a
nation and do you think that there is a
revival of sort so should you encourage
neo classical architecture and arts and
would that help rebuild the city I think
that who we can say that we have in
Poland something like revival a revival
of of culture among people so people are
not ashamed about their history their
identity their culture of course not
everybody because we have also the left
in Poland and liberals who are ashamed
for example that our nation is Catholic
they
would like us to be a taste nation and
it would be better for them but we have
a big part of the society which is not
ashamed that we are different from the
Western nations and we are proud of this
so it's a kind of cultural revival but
when we take this let's say high level
of the society for example the elite in
media in academia and they are not in
favor of that because majority of them
are leftists or even post communists or
liberals oriented to the West the
Brussels especially and and they are not
in favor of such trend it's rather a
monk part of the youth big part maybe
even bigger but the older generation is
more liberal the younger generation is
more oriented for that for the
independence of the country is a more
Euroskeptic but still I think we are
looking for the shape of this revival
for example for example when we take the
architecture neoclassical architecture
still in Poland a such trend like
building neoclassical building is not
popular only very few people know that
there is such trend for example in the
United Kingdom or in America that or
even in Russia that you can build
neoclassical architecture not everything
from the glass and iron and aluminium
and so on so so so so I think that
everything is in front before us and and
will change it it will change it but but
the fashion for postmodern ideas and
postmodern aesthetics and still quite
strong especially among people who works
a professional in culture if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
