maxine waters actually admits to
supporting confronting and assaulting
Trump supporters let's talk about that
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel Oh crazy aunt Maxine Maxine
Waters this woman is dumber than a
brain-dead lab rat and she kind of looks
like one too a lot of rats in politics
folks that is not just a knock on poor
old Maxine but seriously this woman is
certifiably crazy and in some serious
need of medical attention she screams
impeachment her lefty Konrad's tell her
to STFU because they don't want to lose
in the midterms you see Democrats
actually learned something from
Republicans back during the Clinton era
Republicans started talking about
impeaching Bill Clinton before the
midterms and that scared the bejesus out
of people and Republicans lost their
hats so Democrats know or most of them
know talking about impeachment yeah it's
gonna be a very bad November for them
but Maxine says Democrats hold my beer
over the weekend Maxine spent some time
down here in West LA that's the closest
she's been to her actual district since
probably the 90s by the way I mean
Torrance
ooh grody I don't blame you Mad Max Napa
is so much better than the district of
people who have voted you into office in
perpetuity for 28 years yes that is how
long this bat-crap crazy cretin has been
in office but she spoke at a private
event for Stonewall Young Democrats
group and said this there are those who
said we lack civility when I got up and
talked about the president's cabinet and
I said if you see them anywhere if you
see them at a restaurant if you see them
at a department store or even in a
gasoline station just tell them you are
not welcome here or anywhere and so it
frightened a lot of people and of course
the lying president said I threatened
his constituents I did not threaten his
constituents and supporters I do that
all the time but I didn't do that that
time she says oh well Trump started it
really this divisive miss haven't under
your dude Obama the guy that called us
cleaners and Clinton who called us
deplorable and irredeemable and
your lefty movements like black lives
matter chanting what do we want dead
cops when do we want them now
and your women's March speakers talking
about blowing up the White House and
Trump supporters getting their asses
kicked by throngs of your supporters you
Maxine your party is the party of hate
and exclusivity and elitism and violence
but back to the impeachment talk she
went on to say this there's a difference
in how some of our leadership talked
about how we should handle all of this
they say Maxine please don't say
impeachment anymore and when they say
that I say impeachment impeachment
impeachment impeachment impeachment
impeachment impeachment she said that
she wakes up in the middle of the night
and all she can think about is how she
is going to get him get him I'm not
really sure what that means is that
impeachment or assassination cuz your
homies in Hollywood attending this event
joke all the time about assassinating
the president now I do think she was
telling the truth about the fact that
she wakes up in the middle of the night
and she probably does think constantly
about how she is going to get this
president out of office how she is going
to nullify your vote and basically
cancel out your voice but I don't think
that's the primary reason she is awoken
in the middle of the night things I do
actually believe keeps Maxine Waters up
at night guilt over perpetual dishonesty
and she lives here in California so
probably earthquakes she's probably
worried like the rest of us that the big
one is coming but if there is any divine
justice to be carried out in this world
that fault line will crack right beneath
her home and suck her into the fiery
plasma of Inner Earth where she belongs
and if she keeps talking about
impeachment her fellow Democrats just
might send her there themselves which
actually I don't want to keep talking
Mad Max you are such a tremendous boost
for us in 2018 and in 2020 thanks for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
@ww
the rebel dot media forward slash shows
make sure you're following us on
Facebook and Twitter for all of our
latest news and download our new app for
the rebel media on the App Store that
way you will have instant and easy
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching I'm Amanda head for the
rebel
