well we've had him on our show several
times and he's been in Alberta political
figure on the right for many years not
just as a elected MLA but before that as
an advocate for the Canadian Taxpayers
Federation in that province and it's
also spoken at some of our rallies in
Alberta against the carbon tax and in
support of pipeline projects but Derrick
Philip rant has gotten on the wrong side
of the United Conservative Party got
getting into quarrels with its
leadership over some missteps he himself
has made and then over nominations in
his own riding so Derrick has decided to
start his own political party and he
joins us now to talk about a Derrick
Philip Brent nice to see you again they
start me back on the show Ezra did I did
I accurately sum things up I mean you've
why don't we just refresh our viewers
memories how was it that you went from
being a leading MLA in the conservative
opposition the Wildrose party to being
an independent MLA on the outs with the
United conserves I think that's
important to go over because it informs
your decisions going forward why are you
no longer an MLA under Jason Kenny's
party well a year ago you know there was
a series of news stories that were
released one after another after another
that were planted there by political
opponents and opponents in the media
some of them were real mistakes that I
had made for which I took responsibility
and corrected others were largely
fabricated or spun which had little
semblance and truth or reality at all
but I felt the need at the time because
many of these things had been done
almost exactly the same by many of my
colleagues in the in the UCP I felt the
need at the time just to not defend
myself because it would have harmed many
of my colleagues
for who had the exact same things and
some like sort of jumped on the grenade
stepped aside from the party what I
thought was gonna be temporarily and and
let things roll on then in in late
November early December of last year I
sat down with Jason Kenney and we
discussed the path forward and he said
he said Derek I we want you to back we
want you to run in the next election and
you can run in any any constituency in
Alberta
except for your own because my own
constituency had been redrawn by the NDP
for the next election right now I'm
Strathmore Brooks and my neighboring
writing is chest Amir rocked view and
they the kind of combined half of each
of them into a new constituency of chest
Amir Strathmore and there was an
incumbent Tory MLA legally here in the
next load riding next-door neighbor next
door riding and she happens to be one of
the only two women and three visible
minorities in the Tory caucus and so
when I sat down with Jason he said you
can't run in that riding and I said why
you know you committed to this graduates
guarantee where local conservatives
would get to pick who their candidate is
not yourself or any other party back
rumors and he said yeah but in this case
it's different and his exact quote was
how would it look if a long bearded
redneck were to defeat one of our only
women and visible minorities in the
caucus we just can't let it happen and
so Jason and I had drifted apart from
there and you know III had made some
missteps but he had he had given every
indication in plain language that was
all water under the bridge and no big
deal and that everything would be fine
until until they kind of flipped the
switch and and said that I would not be
welcome back and you know what in
hindsight I've had time to look back and
I'm very glad that happened because I
may have still had the blinders on to
not be able to see the absolute
corruption within the Tory party that
this is not the United conservative
party that I believed that we were
founded
when I was working hard to emerge the
Wildrose and PC parties I thought we
would take the best of both parties but
instead we have just recreated the
corrupt old Tory Party and its
entitlement to power and I want nothing
to do with it
and now why I mean that's pretty heavy
talk I mean the word corruption of
course is financial corruption and I'm
sure you don't mean that there's
political corruption which you probably
guessing you mean in terms of violating
critical or more ethical norms that's
pretty heavy talk and I think
conservatives who don't have skin in the
game with you or with Jason Kenney would
say that looks like sour grapes if you
if you made some missteps and I'm we
don't need to rehash them but if you
made some missteps and I know that Jason
Kenney has said you were not candid with
him as a leader but if now not allows
lon
I mean what would you say to someone
saying well you couldn't get your way in
the party so you're taking your marbles
and you start in your own party and it's
it's it's not really about corruption
it's about getting your own seat in the
legislature well I'll say this Jason
Kenney is lying through his teeth he's a
career politician who's done nothing
about politics since the day he was born
and he'll say and do anything for power
I mean look I mean you night Jason
Kenney and I have our share of
disagreements but I got to tell you when
I look at you and I look at Jason Kenney
I see actually a similar career path
Taxpayers Federation guy and then
provincial an MLA he went to the federal
MP I think you guys are pretty similar
actually in terms of well yeah well I've
done more than just politics and I I
never campaigned on never accepting a
pension and then being eligible now for
a three million dollar pension that kind
of hypocrisy so look when Jason Kenney
and us were Bergen the Tory the new Tory
party together we said that there would
be open democratic grassroots
nominations and and he very clearly has
broken that in my case and in dozens of
other cases across Alberta we're good
conservative candidates have been either
disqualified from running or we're
they've just been rigging the rules and
tilting the field within nomination
races so it's not a matter of you know
if you lose something fair and square
you can accept it and go on but in the
case of my constituency the people were
conservatives were denied even the right
to choose their own conservative
candidate they appointed Leela here
because of race and skin color they
didn't let myself run and then they
bullied and refused to let anybody else
run even regular Jill blows who did not
want her as the candidate for being too
liberal and to tokenistic they wanted a
real nomination and the party would not
let people in my constituency select
their own candidate so there's a reason
that from the Strathmore side of my old
constituency every single last wild rose
board member is not with the Tories
they're with the freedom Conservative
Party here okay we're going to talk
about that just say that if you're not
able to pick who your local Conservative
candidate is then you don't have a
democratic say in the party and you're
just expected to vote for the candidate
put in front of you like this was a
Soviet election well I mean I'm not sure
when you started scorching Jason but
it's no surprise that he wouldn't want
you miss if you call a fella corrupt and
and a career politician the best I was
nothing but polite nice with him until
he decided that the people in my
constituency would not have the right to
select their own candidate well I mean
Derek is you know we've supported you in
the past when you've been at odds with
your party leaders when Brian Jean
suspended you from shadow cabinet over
your comments on Kathleen Wynne we
actually set up a petition called saved
Eric and I think we were partly to
credit for getting it back in the fold
so we're fans of Derek Phil de Brandt
we're fans of Jason Kenney although we
have some disagreements with them but
let's put the past aside because you you
have a new project and I remember our
last discussion you bruited the idea of
a new party I think you even talked
briefly about Western separatism I think
you might have had a wine liner about
that if my memory serves me correctly
you have gone ahead and started this new
freedom conservative party tell me a
little bit about that you actually took
the legal structure of an existing small
party so you're not you don't have to
sign up
thousands of new members from scratch so
you are you right now a functioning
legal political party in kick in Alberta
right now yes we are so you know after
my disagreements with Jason I consider
running as an independent in my
constituency but then when I saw the
core the absolute corruption of
nominations across the province and the
party
the Tories started to take a lot of
liberal light positions mimicking the
NDP on things like government ownership
of the pipeline refusing the lot their
MLAs vote for or against bill 9 taking
away free speech right for pro-lifers
are voting for bill 2 which was an ADP
bill that established race and gender
quotas in the private sector all of
these things led up to me believing that
this was not just the local disagreement
and a problem in my constituency but it
was a problem across Alberta so we we
came together with some conservatives
libertarians and Alberta Patriots and we
founded the freedom Conservative Party
of Alberta we used the registration and
legal foundation of the Alberta first
party so that we didn't spend nine
months going out collecting signatures
and where it will start work right away
and so we've we've got a great team
together from across the province we've
been building up signing up members
raising money and we are having our
founding convention and on October 20th
and Jesta mayor and folks can find out
more information at freedom Conservative
Party dot CAA we flashed briefly your
website on the screen there I have a
couple of questions about him Jason
Kenny's success whatever other
criticisms you have of him was he came
in took over the Progressive
Conservative Party itself and forced it
really and I mean or Lance encouraged it
controlled it poked it into a merger
with Wild Rose and I don't know if that
would have happened without him so the
whole theme was unite the right a
replica of what Stephen Harper had done
federally now I was always of the
position that that wasn't even necessary
because the NDP vote in 2015 was such a
an anomaly and every by election we've
seen federally and provincially shows
that there
gonna be wiped out so I never really
believed in the necessity to it but
Burton's
seem to like it and so it is done aren't
way is what you're doing the exact
opposite you're doing split ISM here
you're splitting instead of uniting the
right you're dividing the right and
isn't that exactly what most
conservatives in Alberta in both the
Wildrose and the former PC party wanted
to do against and I mean again I believe
Rachel know that's going to be crushed
like a bowl of eggs but isn't split ISM
against what conservatives want in
Alberta well I I posed the question a
different way
I'd say who is actually dividing
conservatives federally and provincially
you know my party has left me federally
and provincially it's the parties have
been undemocratic not letting the
members make the decisions that they
have a right legal right and a moral
right to make both on policies and
selecting candidates and their leaders
if the leadership and elites of those
parties abandon what they're supposed to
be standing for and their duty to their
members it is them who is dividing
conservatives now I was perhaps the one
of the very first people in Alberta to
be pushing to merge the Wildrose of PC
parties like yourself I didn't believe
that was actually necessary to defeat
the NDP was an anomaly for a number of
reasons but nonetheless felt it was a it
was probably the right thing to do but
under the right circumstances and I
believe that you know there's a lot of
backroom politics people have no idea
about it but during the negotiation
process there were some real problems
particularly coming from the on the
Wildrose side to be fair to Jaso these
problems were probably primarily coming
from our side which was really putting
the cart before the horse and having the
leadership race done too quickly before
we even had a constitution for the party
and this meant that the way things were
done is the members didn't even get to
write the constitution of their own
parties right
that may all be true but that's water
under the bridge that party doesn't
exist anywhere by the way you might
recall I encouraged you to throw your
own hat into the ring I mean I was
hoping you would done so but that's all
past tense now everyone's looking
towards 2019 then the next election it's
not good enough just to get rid of the
NDP the Tories are not proposed are not
the party I believed we were founded
they are proposing a 40 degree change
from the NDP I believe we need 180
degree change I don't want to keep one
major item that the NDP has done I want
to completely destroy the legacy of both
Rachel Notley Jim Prentice Alison
Redford and Ed's Dell Mac we can't
simply turn the clock back to 2015 we
got to remember that we had eight years
of relatively bad government in Alberta
with massive deficits overspending and
an unaccountable government for three
premiers before Rachel Notley rich and
Ludlow you just made it worse all right
well let me get back to Locke 220 just
just turning back the clock to 2015 I
don't think is gonna be the answer which
is why I believe we need a bolder and
more aggressive conservative party more
grassroots conservative party that is a
captive to special interests all right
there's some ridings where I think the
NDP vote in 2019 is going to be single
digits and your own riding is probably
one of them and many Calgary ridings but
there are some ridings maybe a left
bridge probably not in Edmonton for sure
where the NDP might still be able to
reelect some MLAs and you never know
what can happen between now and then in
politics a year is a long time
are you not risking reelecting NDP MLAs
in Edmonton or other less right-wing
ridings than your own by fielding
freedom conservative party candidates to
split the right-wing vote no we're not
because we're not killing candidates in
any of those constituencies so we made a
very conscious decision when we founded
the the freedom Conservative Party that
as bad as the Tories are they are
admittedly better than the NDP now
better than the NDP is a pretty low bar
to meet and we think in most of the
province that is naturally conservative
people shouldn't have to just settle for
better than the NDP but in
constituencies where the NDP have any
real chance of winning we have decided
we will not be fielding candidates there
this those is that ten ridings is that
40 ridings how many ridings are you
willing to stay away from to not risk
splitting the bills so it's gonna be
based on a it's on a case-by-case basis
from the last accommodation of results
in the last election more recent polling
and circumstances on the ground such as
who our candidates are and who the other
candidates are and so you know as a
broad generalization I can tell you that
in most of rural and small town Alberta
places like my constituency
the NDP have absolutely zero percent
chance of winning and we will be filled
in candidates in parts of the some of
the other parts of Calgary in the south
and in the West they we will be filled
in candidates but in the more downtown
areas of Calgary in Lethbridge and in
parts of the far north and probably the
vast majority of Edmonton we will not be
filled in candidates because we feel
that our our position on the ballot
there could could actually potentially
help to elect the NDP now I don't think
even if he ran candidates everywhere I
think the NDP are going to get
absolutely crushed and locked in the
next election
no matter what but we also don't we
don't want to help contribute to the
election of any NDP's period even if
it's even if they're not in a position
to be in government we want something
then we will have to be the second
biggest market just like let me ask you
this I am I mean you you have had a
excuse me a prominent career we
mentioned with the Taxpayers Federation
and with the Wildrose Kevin pardon me
I'm coughing what would you say to
people who said well this is just a
one-man band this is a vanity project
instead of running as an independent
independents have a very
a track record in Canada this is really
a party of one I would you would you
acknowledge that or would you say it's
more than that are there any other
personalities involved whether any other
prospective candidates at your
convention next month will there be
other talent that is showcased who else
is with you mm-hmm
well people say matter generally the
people who are afraid of what we can do
they know that we've got significant a
support significant support across
Calgary rural small town over TV even
building up in Edmonton even though
we're not going to we don't have tend to
run candidates there no we've got a
great team we've gone a board of
governors from across the province we're
attracting some really great candidates
who will be announcing that they'll be
seeking nominations in the next few
months we're gonna some of those people
will be at our convention in in October
we've got know we've got a really great
team here and one of the problems really
in all Canadian politics Alberta
federally and in most provinces is that
political parties are almost all one-man
bands where the leader is not just the
main face of the party which is
inevitable but they control everything
and they don't even let their MLAs vote
freely or their MPs vote freely they
won't let them speak up if they happen
to have a different opinion than the
leader on say Supply Management or free
speech rights they're told to shut up
and we're not like that we are the we
are the only party I believe in Canada
that is abolished to position a party
with now right now it's the car the
caucus is just myself so that's a rather
that's a symbolic move at this point but
it is our it is an honor our founding
documents that we will not even have the
position of a party with so sorry go
ahead you mentioned there's you you're
gonna have some great candidates and I'm
sure you'll want to time that
strategically probably at your October
conference but is there anyone else you
can name at this point that the public
would recognize and say oh there seems
to be a crystallization of other people
like you mentioned I think you said
dozens of ridings where the United
Conservative Party has been heavy-handed
have
can you name someone else who has joined
your movement I would be breaking
confidence if I were to mention any of
the folks who might be more household
names in Alberta but we certainly have
had some especially some of the writings
where there's been very very corrupted
nomination process where conservatives
have not been allowed to select their
candidate in a fair and free race and in
others we've had a lot of good
candidates come forward we have not
opened our MLA nominations yet because
we're going through our leadership
process at this very moment and we're
going towards our founding policy
Convention and leadership vote in
October as I said but when that's done
we're going to be opening up the
nomination process and constituencies
for candidates to come forward but I I
can't I'd be breaking confidence if I
mentioned those names right now because
they're not public but they will be
coming forward as we open up the
nominations well and I'm sure that's
true I mean things haven't happened in
there dude course of time well listen
I'm grateful for your time today I've
had a number of critical questions
because there's a I mean I I acknowledge
that Jason Kenney has been timid on
certain files and I'm not privy to the
kind of shenanigans that go on in
nominations that seems to happen in
every party but I let me end with a more
positive note
I think that Alberta traditionally has
had a conservative ish government and
the opposition parties were usually on
the left it might be something that is
more reflective of the parties of the
provinces true character and might be
better governance if the dominant party
let's say the government next year
worthy not a conservative party but
there was a principled right-wing
opposition that helped keep it honest
because the alternative is for the media
party to pull Jason Kenney in the UCP to
the left which is I believe what has
happened everything every misstep that
Jason Kenney has made every watering
down of policy even your description of
the nomination stakes in Chester Mayor
it's all driven by
his concern above the perception that
the media party will have of him having
a counterweight to Jason Kenney on the
right to balance the media party on the
Left could be a salutary thing I just I
just don't know how serious a movement
the freedom conservative party is I
guess maybe you'll show us at your
October convention but this to you
there's a potential not just to be an
opposition party on the right but
potentially to hold the balance of power
if the NDP were to hold most of that
mminton which is a possibility then the
Tories were to knock the NDP out of much
of the rural far north and Calgary and
the FCP were to to form a strong caucus
you could see the potential where the
FCP would hold the balance of power
after the next election so kind of on
the opposite side of how the the Greens
hold the Beast the balance of power in
British Columbia and work with the NDP
you know that if the freedom
Conservative Party would be willing to
work with the Tories after the next
election in some kind of agreement or
coalition if we were able to you know if
we're able to agree on it on some key
governing priorities and that would be a
much more Conservative government than
just the Tories governing alone it would
be a significantly more conservative
government it'd be a more accountable
government and without the ability of a
single party leader to whip everything
it would be a it would be a government
that would actually have to listen to
people and let MLAs vote and speak
freely rather than just be told to shut
up and follow the party party line every
time mm-hmm well be very interesting and
I think a lot of the proof will be in
your founding convention if it's more
than just the Derrick field the Brandt
party if these are the personalities to
come if if you have grassroots people I
think that's actually that's my in my
own view my own opinion is that's going
to be a key moment I think we will pay
attention to it and we'll cover it and
we look forward to seeing what happens
we care about Alberta and we think it
needs to be fixed so thanks for spending
time with us today well I'll tell you
this you won't be from this conservative
convention that's right all right well
thanks Derek I appreciate the update and
answering my most candid questions
no problem thanks a lot you're welcome
well that's Derek filter brand being on
our show many times before in different
capacities a new capacity today as the
new interim leader of the freedom
Conservative Party I put my questions -
what do you think am I too critical am I
too negative
am I too soft on the fella send me an
email to israa at the rebel dot media
and we will continue to cover the
phenomenon to see if it does grow into
what Derek says it will that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media / shows
you
