was there it was there some sort of
hearing or an investigation into your
ouster uh well and that's what they
claimed so we have the one investigation
by Wayne Mackay so I found out about
that on every 13 so I don't actually
have my own copies of the report so
that's what I find interesting is that I
even though these reports are the basis
for my dismissal I can't actually have
my own copy unless I greeted conditions
that are or like a gag order where it
literally says that I won't talk to any
other person about them there's no form
of retaliation so I meant I'm presumed
that would mean even something like a
lawsuit so I would be completely gagged
I wouldn't be able to do this interview
with right now because then that would
be another basis for a dismissal so this
this person who did an investigation
into you did he interview you yes he did
when I looked at the report though what
I find interesting is you just have to
look at let's say the table of contents
and you look at who he interviewed and
so then there's gonna be anonymous
sources and Nan and along with you know
people who signed their name to it and I
think that goes against what we normally
think of as natural justice is that you
get to know who your accuser is did you
have a chance to challenge any any of
the facts that he included in his report
I mean I challenged them on the
substance that yeah it was to no avail
so was there an actual hearing it sounds
like the university hired this outside
investigators had accurate and then he
produced a report and you had a chance
to answer it in what forum was there
like a trial or a hearing in the
university uh no actually I didn't
really get it so I met with the
investigator then the report came out
well it was it was submitted to the
University on May 14th in the meantime
the Dean conveyed and did his own
investigation and then I just got the
letter saying okay here's here's what we
say it happened here's our evidence how
do you respond and that's it so I didn't
get the chance
she responds to the contents in the
report itself until it was actually used
as a basis for disciplining me and so
then it was a context of a discipline
meeting that's an excerpt from my daily
show the Ezra Levant show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
