a Syrian refugee has just been charged
with the murder of 13 year old Marissa
Shen in Burnaby British Columbia today
I'll tell you what we know so far about
the suspected killer and what the
mainstream media doesn't want you to
talk about 28 year old Syrian refugee
ibrahim ali had only been in the country
approximately three months before he is
alleged to have murdered marissa shen
her body was found in a vancouver park
july 2017 after an exhaustive search for
the young girl after she was reported
missing by her family so let's go
through what we know so far about the
suspected killer of 13 year old Marissa
Shen a Syrian refugee named Ibrahim Ali
now most of the information we have so
far is from the Vancouver Sun and you
know what full credit where it's due
the Vancouver Sun is doing some very
good journalism on this story so far
that is for being the mainstream media
they're actually asking tough questions
but the immigration status of the
alleged killer and how he came to be in
Canada in the first place and I imagine
the Vancouver Sun is facing a lot of
pushback from the left and immigration
activists for this article here but this
is rare good Canadian journalism albeit
you know some social justice activism
has crept into it but that's you know
sort of expected at this point from the
Vancouver Sun article Ali is a Syrian
national in a permanent resident of
Canada who came to the country seventeen
months ago superintendent Donna
Richardson said Richardson did not know
whether he was a privately sponsored or
government-assisted refugee but believed
he has family in Burnaby and was
employed okay you know what wait right
here
why am I supposed to care if the accused
murderer
has a job honestly is this to try to
dispel some myths about the Syrian
migrant community that is you know
actually true we know most of the
refugees remain unemployed and it's
gross to try to use a suspected child
killer to prove otherwise you know what
just stop it anyway let's go on
law enforcement source who was not
authorized to speak publicly said IH
fighty has asked the Canada Border
Services Agency for more information
about ally that source confirmed ally
did not arrive at a port of entry in
Canada to claim asylum a spokeswoman for
the Immigration and Refugee Board was
unable to find records of any public
proceedings in which le was involved so
now we know for sure Ali was not an
illegal asylum seeker which means that
Ali came through all the official
government channels but the government
has now completely lost track of him
they can't find any record of him at all
despite the fact that he's a permanent
resident the article also says that Ali
was not known to police and that he did
not know Marissa before he killed her
police believe the murder was a random
act we still don't know how Marissa died
or what her killer did to her before he
took her life and I'm not really sure I
ever want to know now the Vancouver Sun
article quotes the immigration ministry
as well Immigration Minister Ahmed
Hassan's office did not respond to a
request for comment but in a statement
an official with the department said
every refugee undergoes a robust
multi-layered screening before being
allowed to enter Canada well we know for
sure that's not true we have the access
to information documents to prove this
is a complete and total lie I uncovered
this information in my ongoing refugee
investigation series we learned that
immigration refugees and Citizenship
Canada is not requiring police checks to
be done on Syrian refugees before they
come to Canada not from their home
country nor from the country they are
living in at the time of claiming asylum
what this means is that a refugee to
Canada can be living in let's say Jordan
for several years may have committed
crimes there and even be convicted and
sentenced and jailed for crimes there or
even be a wanted person there and that
information is not required on a refugee
application
the government isn't even asking the
questions required to keep Canadians
safe and they've changed the rules
specifically for Syrians because these
bureaucrats were trying to rush to meet
Trudeau's virtue quotas so no these
migrants are not undergoing the
so-called robust multi-layered screening
before they enter Canada some of them
weren't even subject to a simple google
or social media search before they
landed officially on Canadian soil we
just learned last week that the Canadian
Border Services Agency has only deported
less than 400 illegal border crossers
out of 32,000 despite every single one
of them breaking the law to enter into
our country and a global news
investigation from March uncovered that
since 2015 the Immigration and Refugee
Board said it had issued 70 deportation
orders for security but the CBSA said it
had only conducted 14 removals on
security grounds during those same years
and who could forget this from 2015 when
anyone with a lick of sense said there
was no way to screen all these refugees
in such a short amount of time Trudeau
vows to keep Canadian safe as he rebuffs
concerns over plan to accept 25,000
Syrian refugees the prime minister said
protecting Canadians is his top job and
that security has always been at the
very core of what we're planning to do
on refugees except it wasn't at the core
of anything and we know that for sure
now the mainstream media in Canada
outside of the Vancouver Sun has been
you know quite terrible in reporting the
facts of this case Burnaby News now went
out of their way to scrub the details of
the alleged killer from their headline
their headline went from a Syrian
refugee being charged with Marissa's
murder to a 28 year old man his details
are relevant so why hide the information
from the public and CBC while they just
call him a
burnaby man the Foreign Press has been
much better
then the Canadian Press covering this
story they don't hide the fact the
suspected killer is a refugee it's right
there in their headline and the South
China Morning Post says it to Syrian
refugee ibrahim ali is charged with the
murder of vancouver schoolgirl
Marissa shen 13 in a case that stunned
canada
police say ibrahim ali 28 arrived in
canada just three months before shen was
found dead in a Burnaby park in 2017 oh
but the state broadcaster they know who
the real victims are in all of this even
though marissa shen is the one that's
dead you see it's other Syrian refugees
who say they may face persecution and
stereotyping now that one of their own
is charged in Marissa's murder not all
that surprising of a hot take really
from the CBC they took this exact same
position when a Syrian refugee named
suleiman hajj suleman was accused of
molesting six young girls at an Edmonton
area water park and vice canada while
they know who the real bad guy is in all
of this the suspected killer while he
only gets a passing mention in this
article while lights gets busy accusing
those people who are concerned about
lacks migrant security screening of
using this murder to push an
anti-immigrant agenda vice and cbc if
you're watching me right now let me just
say I'm not anti-immigrant heck I'm not
even anti-refugee I'm anti fake refugees
who are living in the safety of Jordan
who are now eating up resources meant
for real refugees and I'm Pro
comprehensive security screening for
real refugees who want to make Canada
their new home and that just doesn't
exist right now oh and I'm also anti
rape culture including the kind of
sexual harassment vais subjected women
in their offices to I'm anti refugees
killing girls and parks and molesting
them in Edmonton wave pools and I think
you should be too that doesn't make me
Aslam a phobic or even anti Syrian
refugee it makes me pro women pro
children and pro security for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun Reid
what you just saw there is my daily
video that I do here at the rebel but
did you know that I have my own weekly
full-length show it's aptly called the
gun show and we talk about these issues
that the mainstream media doesn't want
to touch with a ten-foot pole but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content treat
yourself to a rebel subscription today
you
