in a brand new access to information
document we've discovered that federal
government bureaucrats were playing
politics with the truth they were
actually trying to hide the true amount
of cash aid the government was giving to
Syrian migrants but we have the
explosive numbers to share with you now
we just received a brand-new stack of
access to information documents with
regard to the federal government's
handling or rather mishandling of the
resettlement of Syrian migrants now this
document package is roughly 1,100 pages
and it's gonna take us a little while to
get through it all and organize it into
relevant reports for you
but I promise I'll do that but the
revelations so far are absolutely
shocking early on in the process of
refugee resettlement ministerial
bureaucrats from immigration refugees
and Citizenship Canada were already
withholding information from those
people who started to ask tough
questions about what this whole program
would cost us we have received a secret
memo where bureaucrats are discussing
how best to handle a media inquiry about
the yearly cash financial support that
Canadians would be providing to this new
influx of Syrians here's the email chain
thanks Nancy we have a table approved
and past responses with breakdowns can
we try to dig that up and include it
here I think the reporter is looking for
numbers we know that 50k is the new
startup cost but we haven't used that
yet if we do can we get my no approval
earlier this week we opted to go with
the individual cost response for the
Canadian Federation of taxpayers but in
this instance the reporter is talking
about families so it may be okay to use
okay so the bureaucrats are worried
about their communication strategies
because they know Canadian taxpayers
would be absolutely bothered by the
amount of benefits being given to Syrian
migrants and now we know that yearly
amount in cash benefits is $50,000 per
family it's unbelievable the bureaucrats
tried to hide the numbers from the CTF
by using data for individual refugees
rather than for families it's shady
stuff because we know most of the
migrants who are coming to Canada at the
time were those with large families
families were the ones triaged
through the system that is until I RCC
changed the definition of family to
include young able-bodied men traveling
together who then self-identified as
brothers now the bureaucrats go on in
the email chain to say that detailed
info about yearly costs was only going
to be given out if they were absolutely
pressed on it the bureaucrats weren't
going to give Canadians transparency or
clarity unless we rung it out of them
dragging them kicking and screaming into
finally telling Canadians the truth the
bureaucrats then share a table of
breakdowns of financial support for
Syrian migrants as an approved talking
point for media inquiries the numbers in
this table are based on cities and
family sizes for example a refugee
family of four resettling in Vancouver
receives fifty four hundred and fifty
five dollars in start-up support and
another fifteen hundred and eight
dollars per month and a single Syrian
migrant settling in Halifax who'd
receive two thousand and sixty eight
dollars in initial startup support and
another six hundred and sixteen dollars
every single month but the table
conveniently doesn't give the yearly
totals nor the numbers for families
larger than four which is weird since we
know most Syrian families coming to
Canada were much larger than just two
kids and a mom and a dad in fact
according to this graph there were more
families that were made up of eight
people then there were families of just
four if you look here in this government
email the bureaucrats are editing data
as they go they actually cross out a
sentence in their talking points one
that reveals the government or rather
Canadians provided up to a maximum of
$50,000 per year in cash aid per migrant
family and to be clear that's just the
cash aid that's not health care dental
or any other number of benefits but the
bureaucrats didn't cross out that number
here because it was inaccurate we find
that out in the next email in the chain
why they did it the number was
absolutely
but it would be troublesome politically
right here let's not mention the 50k as
you say but let's add these details only
fYI Cathy informs me that she will have
the 2016 numbers very soon maybe as
early as next week don't mention it
protect Trudeau even if it means
misleading those of us who are footing
the bill this is our allegedly
nonpartisan civil service blurring the
numbers for the Liberals it's gross we
you see we wouldn't want those pesky
annoying taxpayers understanding that
rushing to take twenty-five to fifty
thousand refugees as part of some virtue
signalling quota would be costing us at
least fifty thousand dollars in direct
financial cash support tax-free per
Syrian family in the first year alone as
we discovered in an Access to
Information document last week many of
these same migrants were working and
living and supporting themselves in
safety in Jordan but Canada plucked them
up anyway and brought them to Canada
where they couldn't speak the language
had to be housed in hotels didn't like
the cost of living here had no jobs and
were a taxpayer virtue project of
$50,000 per year at the same time as
Trudeau was moving heaven and earth to
get already resettled refugees into
Canada Christians and Yazidis were truly
in danger being sold into sex slavery
killed in their churches beheaded on
their beaches and those Christians and
Yazidis who miraculously escaped all
that evil while they are still unable to
go into the Muslim run UN refugee camps
to get onto a refugee list to get to
safe haven here in Canada Samaritan's
Purse workers testified at a House of
Commons committee to the discrimination
faced in the camps so the government
knew all of this they knew all of it by
God's to reports that I found disturbing
one was
the report of some of our workers
visiting a refugee who had an
appointment for 2021 and was told maybe
not even 2021 it might be 2022 so I can
confirm that that is definitely true and
it makes no sense to me why we would why
the UNHCR cannot be providing refugees
that was just for refugee status that
wasn't even for immigration that was
just for status as a refugee to be able
to move forward in the immigration
process even these sneaky spinning
partisan bureaucrats understood that
this $50,000 number would look awful
just dishing out cash for the
accomplishment of landing at the airport
after tax payers bought you a ticket
here while the federal government still
fights Canadian veterans in court over
their pensions remember this because
honestly mr. prime minister I was
prepared to be injured in the line of
duty when I went to him when I joined
the military nobody forced me to join
the military I was prepared to be killed
in action what I wasn't prepared for mr.
prime minister is Canada how turning its
back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you sir
thank you for your passion and your
strength and being here today to share
this justifiable frustration and anger
with me and with all of us here thank
you for having the courage to stand here
and thank you for listening to my answer
on a couple of elements you brought up
first of all why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now when dealing
with veterans and the military Trudeau's
liberals are suddenly fiscal tightwads
making our military share sleeping bags
and backpacks and refusing to procure
them the equipment and even the Jets
they need because the money just isn't
there to spend or rather the Liberals
just don't want to spend it on equipping
our heroes but the government's
checkbook swings wide open to support
many people who were admitting to
government workers that they were better
off in Jordan these were people who
worked in immediate danger and weren't
real refugees at all I want to do
something about all of this but I need
your help to do it I have a petition to
the Liberals actually I have a petition
directed at the Minister of Defence
Harjit Sajjan a veteran himself although
his service record is more important and
more distinguished in his own mind than
it is in reality but I'm not stopping
there my petition is also to the
Immigration Minister Ahmed Hassan I want
these two to know that thousands of
Canadians are sick and tired of our
veterans and Canadian Forces being
neglected by the Liberals my petition is
simple I want you to tell the Liberals
to stop treating bogus refugees better
than the Liberals treat real Canadian
military and veterans you can sign it at
50,000 CA and share it that's it that's
all I'm asking for treat our soldiers
better quit fighting them in court
treat them like the heroes they are quit
treating them like they're greedy nags
who are asking too much and take
care of them as well as the Liberals
would take care of a stranger who
illegally crossed the border from
upstate New York if you agree with me
that our soldiers deserve to be treated
better than economic migrants and
illegal border crossers signed my
petition at 50,000 dot see a if you're
like me and you're sick and tired of
this liberal government treating illegal
border crossers and economic migrants
better than Canadian veterans and active
service Canadian Forces members signed
my petition at 50,000 CA
you
