jeremy corbyn's extremist credentials
have been confirmed yet again after a
sort of endorsement by anton Chowdhury
i've previously discussed some of the
recordings of Anjem Choudary before he
went into jail into prison two and a
half years ago and in one of them he
talked about how his life would simply
go on as normal he carry on preaching
etc just like he did before once he was
released and now that he's been released
it looks like he's doing exactly that
he's just living his life as normal and
but now the press has revealed the
contents of another interview he did
shortly before he was jailed in 2016 in
which he talks about the Labour Party
leader Jeremy Corbyn the Express reports
that Chowdhury said in an interview on a
purely objective perspective without
talking in terms of Islam I think that
for a long time there has been no voice
for the oppressed in this country the
austerity measures they're clamping down
on trade unions and dissident voices the
oppression against the National Health
Service the difficulty people have in
trying to meet their everyday living
expenses has finally found a voice in
this country I think he has tapped into
that if he were to shed some of his more
socialist ideas like not bowing for the
Queen I think he could have a landslide
I disagree with him vehemently
ideologically but at least he is honest
so of course there are differences here
I'm not saying that Anjem Choudary and
Jeremy Corbyn are exactly the same and
Anjem Choudary is recognising that as
well he's talking purely in terms of
Corbin's political chances but he does
go further and I happen to agree with
that you Jo Durie on this by the way
it's a fair analysis Corbin would gain
greater support if he dropped some of
the socialism and was less of a
Republican if he started showing respect
for Queen and country then and if he
wasn't so focused on minority issues
that really nobody cares about because
they're crazy
then I'm sure he would in fact win in a
landslide but what Anton went on to say
after that is what's so interesting
about all of this he said in terms of
his support for Hamas and the PLO the
Palestinian Liberation Organization and
the IRA
I don't think that Jeremy Corbyn has
sympathy for people that call for Sharia
law I believe
he is someone that has always supported
the underdog and that is part of his
socialist ideology so chowder he says
that he doesn't think that Corbin has
sympathy for people that call for Sharia
law which I questioned actually because
I'm sure that Corbin wouldn't want to
stand with Anjem Choudary Inc oh but
that doesn't mean that Anjem Choudary
hasn't previously stood side by side
with people who call for sharia in fact
he shared platforms with many dangerous
dishonest and extremists not so long ago
actually he met with mend Muslim
engagement and development to mark the
beginning of Islamophobia week and
shared the stage with all the extremists
from that organization which by the way
that organization's director of
engagement as a daddy said that nobody
agrees with democracy if it comes at the
expense of implementing the Sharia
sounds a bit like Anjem Choudary to me
so Corbin is quite comfortable with
Sharia I would say so I think chowder is
wrong on that one but it's what
Chowdhury said about Corbin being the
voice of the oppressed which is so
important about all of this so sure
Anjem Choudary recognizes his
disagreements with Corbin but I have
never heard Anjem Choudary speak this
positively about a single politician
ever because Anjem Choudary hates
democracy and I'm not just saying that
to be radical and you know so have
something shocking to say and Jim
chowder he supports Sharia he doesn't
like democracy but he's being really
nice about Jeremy Corbyn which is pretty
fascinating and it tells us a lot and
Jim Chowdhury sees that Corbin is the
voice of the quote/unquote oppressed in
this country and by that he means the
radical voices that hate the UK that
hate the European people that hate
Christianity and hate democracy Jeremy
Corbyn is indeed a voice for those
people so in Anjem Choudary XY's he is
the voice of the oppressed and that
makes sense both of these men by the way
pose a giant risk to this country one
directly one indirectly and they scare
me in equal measures and while it
doesn't look that jeremy corbyn is gonna
go away anytime soon i think he's got a
good few years left politically and
otherwise it is possible for Anjem
Choudary to go away the government
simply needs to act he was released
after serving only two-and-a-half years
of his five-year prison sentence he's
now costing the taxpayer two million
quid a year
for housing and protection and I think
that's a national scandal this is not
wanting to restrict a man's free speech
this is being genuinely fearful of a man
whose disciples have gone out and killed
people in our own streets I think he's
dangerous and needs to be locked up and
you do too because we commissioned a
public opinion poll and we found that
68% of the British people agree that
Anjem Choudary is dangerous and should
go back to prison we commissioned that
poll thanks to your help at jail and Jim
calm I also handed in a petition to the
British government straight into Downing
Street that more than a more than 11,000
of you signed
we know that the British public want
Anjem Choudary to go away and it's our
duty to tell the British government that
we think he's dangerous and we think he
should be locked back up now that he's
back out now that he's out of prison now
that he's in his bail hostel in Camden
and living a perfectly Pleasant life in
London I think we need to continue this
jail and Jim campaign and next I want to
get a billboard I think we should get a
billboard in central London that reminds
the British government and the
politicians who go to work there most
days that we think Anjem Choudary is
dangerous he shouldn't be on our streets
and he should be locked back up so if
you'd like to help with this this last
part of our campaign we're gonna keep
fighting go to jail and Jim calm please
chip in whatever you might have share
the website with your friends share this
campaign with your friends use the hash
tag Joanne Jim
let's keep pressuring the government we
can't stop this man is on our streets
he's dangerous
we don't want to see that continue so
please go to jail and Jim comm chip in
anything you can and let's get a massive
billboard up in central London the fight
isn't over and Jim Chowdhury is coming
out of prison if we can raise enough
funds I'd love to get a huge jail Anjan
billboard in central London let's try
and make that happen please go to jail
and Jim calm and chip in whatever you
can afford thank you for supporting this
campaign
you
