there's some ridings where I think the
NDP vote in 2019 is going to be single
digits and your own riding is probably
one of them and many Calgary ridings but
there are some ridings maybe left bridge
probably not in Edmonton for sure where
the NDP might still be able to reelect
some MLAs and you never know what can
happen between now and then in politics
a year is a long time
are you not risking reelecting NDP MLAs
in Edmonton or other less right-wing
ridings than your own by fielding
freedom Conservative Party candidates to
split the right-wing vote no we're not
because we're not killing candidates in
any of those constituencies so we made a
very conscious decision when we founded
the the freedom Conservative Party that
as bad as the Tories are they are
admittedly better than the NDP now
better than the NDP is a pretty low bar
to meet and we think in most of the
province that is naturally conservative
people shouldn't have to just settle for
better than the NDP but in
constituencies where the NDP have any
real chance of winning we've decided we
will not be fielding candidates there
this those is that 10 ridings is that 40
ridings how many ridings are you willing
to stay away from to not risk splitting
the vote so it's gonna be based on a
it's on a case-by-case basis from the
last a combination of results in the
last election more recent polling and
circumstances on the ground such as who
our candidates are and who the other
candidates are and so you know as a
broad generalization I can tell you that
in most of rural and small town Alberta
places like my constituency
the NDP have absolutely zero percent
chance of winning and we will be filled
in candidates in parts of the some of
the other parts of Calgary in the south
and in the West they we will be filled
in candidates but in the more downtown
areas of Calgary
Lethbridge and in parts of the far north
and probably the vast majority of
Edmonton we will not be filled in
candidates because we feel that our our
position on the ballot there could could
actually potentially help to elect the
NDP that's an excerpt from my daily show
the Ezra lavance show weekdays at 8:00
p.m. Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
