the new action-packed flick peppermint
hit the big screens and it's soars with
fans and is destroyed by critics why is
that well it didn't check off one
crucial progressive box so let's get
into it I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood it's so great to see someone
like Jennifer Gardner take a break for
the most important job of being a mom to
come back to the big screen entertainer
Saul I did an interview with Jennifer
Gardner a few years ago for her movie
miracles from heaven and these two
movies couldn't be more opposite it's
great to see that she's not being
typecast what's even more interesting
than Jennifer Gardner's range as an
actress is the venom and vitriol in
which this movie is attacked that would
normally be about empowerment but is
destroyed by every critic Rotten
Tomatoes getting pepperoni 13% while
viewers give it 80 well let's find out
why The New Yorker wrote Jennifer Garner
stars in an ignorant race drug trade
revenge film it goes on to say it's a
new version of an old genre the
vigilante tale but with a special width
of prejudice hatred and resentment well
that's a bold claim let's see why it
goes on it's a peppermint is a racist
film that reflects on the current strain
of anti-immigration politics and it's
paranoid focus on ms-13 how dare people
show ms-13 is bad paranoid focus just
merely showing ms-13 members on screen
living out their actual creed of kill
rape and control is a paranoid focus are
you joking me in the New York Times
review they say the film plays
dangerously into violent Latino
stereotypes the villains are ms-13 gang
members and actual cartels you know the
kind of people in these countries
destroying them forcing people to flee
their homes to United States not your
friends and family members the United
States who are Latino background no no
these are FS 13 gang members but maybe
the reason some of your viewers feel
like this is because there's many people
the Democratic Party that say very
similar things Chuck Schumer said quote
all our great-grandparents came to
America and they weren't animals these
people aren't either Nancy Pelosi seven
describing ms-13 we are all God's
children Thank You Nancy Pelosi for that
slogan you're right we're all children
of God but not everyone that is trying
to come to America also follows the
Creed rape kill control and show
them live out their motto on screen
shouldn't be wrong either and this is
the most disappointing review for me
because they Christian movie review
company that you want to go to to check
out actual content as far as like swear
words or sex things whatever they do a
fantastic job
they even got political movie Guide said
quote peppermints relentlessly ugly
depiction of dozens of Latinos without
one redeeming character is a sad case of
obvious race-baiting so now in every
single movie there's someone on screen
that does anything wrong you have to
have someone to match them that is a
good person with the same skin tone for
that to be a passable movie are you
joking you're gonna review something on
that standard and let me just tell you
this if you watch a movie and your only
complaint is I wish the main character
or the villains skin was a different
color than your racist full-stop a good
character a good story a good villain is
not determined by the color of their
skin
anyway let's give him the actual movie
review because this movie is not perfect
is it good yes it's really entertaining
but let's see why as a viewer I get
peppermint a four out of five now
Jennifer Garner does a great job in this
movie think about alias meets taken also
with a little Mad Max fury road
sprinkled in there so if you like all
those kind of elements you will like
this movie though I do not think it
flows as well as any of those movies now
this movie is very bloody violent and
in-your-face and because it doesn't
start Dwayne the rock Johnson or Arnold
Schwarzenegger I didn't know if fans
would really latch on to it but they did
it gave it an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes and
it's because Jennifer Gardner isn't
absolutely Titan on-screen all her
emotional scenes are fantastic
interactions great however this movie
does suffer because there's no
characters on screen that are even
remotely interesting besides her so the
movie slows down in many parts and
you're just kind of waiting for Sydney
Bristow to come back and be the guardian
angel of death to more people as a
critic I give this movie a three out of
five now this is not as high as my
viewer and there's a few reasons for
that and this falls in the feet of there
not being any other meaningful
characters on screen no one changes
their static everyone that starts one
way finishes exactly the same way except
for Jennifer Garner literally no one has
an arc so you don't care as much about
the characters and you don't see any big
moral questions going on that forced
people to change their ideas or beliefs
about the world and I know that sounds
overly complex but that's what really
lets a movie move you don't get bored in
the middle because people are changing
like oh what's going on with this guy
this guy this guy it's not just one
character straight through now my faith
in values is a 2 out of 5 unfortunately
is not much redemption in this movie it
feels pretty hopeless throughout it and
it's because that's the way this story
kind of starts off unlike Pierre
Morrell's masterpiece taken there is no
hope for redemption
in this movie so that really leaves you
feeling depressed you don't see her
really grow or learn anything throughout
the movie because there's no real goal
that can be achieved however you do get
to see her completely dedicate her body
and her life to save the most
downtrodden in Los Angeles she literally
lives in Skid Row protecting these
people who everyone else has completely
forgot about she lays her life down to
the least among them and that's a very
beautiful aspect of this movie and side
note I did like how in this movie you
don't get to see her just take people on
face to face bare fisted like atomic
blonde or something you get to see her
practice get beaten up and be armed to
the teeth which is why she can take down
people with guns knives and outsmarting
them I think that aspect the movie was
done very very well now if you like to
see bloody action-packed awesome summer
action flicks go check out peppermint in
theaters even if it's not your cup of
tea
you'll still really anger some people
that hated this movie for showing ms-13
as anything other than absolute angels
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
did you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
