Boris Johnson has launched a scathing
attack on two resumes checkers deal if
you didn't already think that Boris
Johnson was considering a leadership bid
or a coup against Theresa May then maybe
this will change your mind
he's already criticized the checkers
deal he certainly did that when he
resigned from the cabinet and made such
a big stink about it but in a recent
Sunday Mail column the former Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson said that
Theresa Mae's approach to brexit was a
yes sir no sir three bags full sir
approach listen to what he said he isn't
holding back on this at all
it is a humiliation we look like a seven
stone weakling being comically bent out
of shape by a 500-pound gorilla and the
reason is simple Northern Ireland and
the insanity of the so-called backstop
we have opened ourselves to perpetual
political blackmail we have wrapped a
suicide vest around the British
constitution and handed the detonator to
Michele Barney eh we have given him a
Jemmy with which brussels can choose at
any time to crack apart the union
between Great Britain and Northern
Ireland I don't know about you but that
reads is a pitch to the British public
to me certainly a pitch to the patriotic
British public and Boris knows exactly
what he's doing here he's often
criticized for being over-the-top and
spur-of-the-moment but actually I think
this is very calculated and this is a
very clever attack on Theresa and it's
certainly not just an attempt to
outlining why her deal is bad I think
he's carefully deconstructing the
checkers deal and explaining why it
hurts the whole nation Ireland included
in what is obviously an attempt at
rallying patriotic conservative and even
maybe traditional labor voters who
actually love this country and what
breaks it to happen now er said many
times before that I think Boris sees
himself as a soft populist he wants to
be admired like marine lepen but doesn't
want to have to be targeted in the same
way she is being called a racist so he's
a soft populist and this is what he's
trying to sell to the people before is
what see
to be inevitable campaign to replace to
resume as Prime Minister he went on to
say in a weird semi masochistic way we
have created the means by which the EU
can bully us
we have conspired in this threat to the
Union we have put our own heads
deliberately on the block it is time to
scrap the back stop fix the borders for
frictionless trade and get back to the
open and dynamic approach outlined in
Teresa Mays original Lancaster House
speech with a big Canada style free
trade deal otherwise we should tell our
friends they won't get a penny that's
shots fired sorry its shots fired and
the question now is will Boris wait
until the emergency summit with the EU
in November and really try and get
Theresa May out before then will he
maybe do something at the conference at
the end of this month or is he just
gonna wait until last minute and cause
total chaos maybe he'll even wait until
the negotiations are over and throw a
spanner in the works right at the very
end
can you imagine what do you think anyway
do you think Boris will run I thought
I'd ask the viewers today let me know in
the comments do you think Boris will run
do you think he'll do it at the
conference or do you think he's gonna
wait last minute you think he's gonna
fur a spanner in the works right at the
very end to throw the whole drags at
negotiations up in the air and start
from scratch let me know what you think
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
