Jim Carrey thinks that socialism is a
great idea let's talk about that today
on the Hollywood conservative for the
rebel
jim carrey i have become increasingly
more happy that this dude is not
american because he is a bloomin idiot
sorry canada he appeared on Real Time
with Bill Maher over the weekend and was
exuberant that self-proclaimed socialist
are winning primaries across the country
yeah let that sink in a country whose
capitalistic prosperity has influenced
and benefited the entire globe is now
electing socialists like Jim Carrey is
12 and he hasn't learned any world
history or background slash destructive
effects of socialism socialism which
let's be real is just the slightly less
ugly stepsister of communism why is it
always the people who make millions a
year who think socialism is a brilliant
idea hey Jim your net worth is 150
million if you think income inequality
is so terrible here you're in a great
position to share the wealth as he said
to Bill Maher we have to say yes to
socialism to the word and everything we
have to stop apologizing he gushed over
the fact that socialists are winning in
America without having to soften their
platform their unapologetic about their
belief in health care for all and their
support of wiping away student debt and
basically any of the effect part of
cause and effect Harry then goes on to
say this I grew up in Canada okay we
have socialized medicine and I'm here to
tell you that this BS line that you get
on all the political shows from people
is that it's a failure the system is a
failure in Canada it is not a failure
and I never waited for anything in my
life I chose my own doctors my mother
never paid for a prescription it was
fantastic and I just got back from
Vancouver and I keep hearing Canadians
are so nice Canadians are so nice they
can be nice because they have health
care because they have a government that
cares about them that doesn't say sink
or effing swim pal or you live in a box
there are certain people in our society
that need to be taken care of yes of
course that's true but guess what the
people in America who really need to be
taken care of aren't getting taken care
of because there are people who are
taking advantage of the fact that they
can get taken care of when they really
don't need to be taken care of at all
and the whole Canadian
health care thing is not the whole dream
that they talk about sure you can see a
general practitioner pretty speedily if
you have a little tickle in your throat
or something but if you need an
oncologist and you need an operation to
remove a lump from your rust you better
hope you catch it early because it's
going to be a while before they can dig
that thing out also it's not free have
you ever heard of GST yeah it's a hefty
check the Canadians have to cut at the
end of the tax cycle back to the
government trust me it's not free for
all of the negative aspects of our
American health care system where do
people in the world come when they want
the very best medicine the United States
of freaking america and what country has
been the beacon of light for the entire
world for the last two and a half
centuries founded on exploration
hardwork ingenuity and the pursuit of
happiness yes this country this country
that liberals love to say has never
really been that great I'm looking at
you Cuomo if this country ever goes
under it will be our enemies within that
destroy it wasn't it Abraham Lincoln who
said that America will never be
destroyed from the outside if we falter
and lose our freedoms it will be because
we destroyed our selves Jim Carrey take
your brainless socialist banter BS
elsewhere and take all these homegrown
socialists who are getting elected take
them with you - if you think socialism
is so great head down to Venezuela I'm
sure that they could use your brand of
non-comedy there thanks so much for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE do forward slash shows make sure
you're following us on Facebook and
Twitter for all of our latest news and
download our new app for the rebel media
on the App Store that way you will have
instant and easy access to all of our
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows
