since when did putting in an honest
day's work become a supposedly shameful
endeavor recently ex Cosby Show cast
member Jeffrey Owens was outed if out it
is indeed the right word and I don't
think it is for working at a Trader
Joe's
the Daily Mail printed an article that
seemingly took a measure of Glee and
noting how a star of a top-rated sitcom
that ran from 1985 to 1992 was now
hawkers doing menial labor for about 11
bucks an hour at a supermarket located
in Clifton New Jersey now in the final
analysis this hit piece on Jeffrey Owens
makes for a bad news good news story to
be sure the bad news is in that former
TV star Owens was now working at a
supermarket but rather that the Daily
Mail thought this was actually
newsworthy to begin with you know the
idea that a celebrity was working a
so-called Joe job to pay the bills for
where pray tell is the shame in that
more bad news came via those online
commentators who thought this was a real
knee-slapper the narrative being ha ha
ha look at the former cosby star bagging
groceries for a living how the mighty
have fallen
by the way folks why do I get the idea
that these anonymous trolls who were
mocking Owens probably reside in their
parents basement playing video games all
day believing that a minimum-wage job as
somehow beneath them so they'll just
live off of the labor of mum and dad
kind of like a parasite but here's the
good news
thankfully the vast majority of
commentators went to bat for ones which
was the right position to take if you
subscribe to being a decent human being
and you also subscribe to that which is
known as the work ethic because there's
absolutely nothing shameful in putting
in an honest day's work to put bread on
the table I don't care what the job is
be it washing dishes or cleaning toilets
as the saying goes
the work may be dirty but the money is
clean in fact I think the very worst
word to be coined in the 1980s was McJob
McJob as a derisively um for someone
having a low-paying job but when I go to
a McDonald's I don't see people with
so-called McJob z' I see people with
jobs period there's nothing shameful
about flipping burgers nothing in fact
if anyone should be ashamed it's that
person who's too full of him or herself
to do a so-called menial labor job the
sort of person who had preferred to game
the system for benefits rather than put
in an honest day's work doing a job any
job in fact if I was the editor of The
Daily Mail I would have taken a pass on
publishing the Jeffrey Owens article in
the first place
after all this article merely boils down
to this a man is working at a Trader
Joe's to pay the bills the end well this
is supposedly gotcha journalism there
really is no gotcha moment so really
what was the point in publishing this
story other than to shame somebody who
is actually deserving of praise for the
rebel dog media I'm David the man Zoid
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
