we've got a brand new access to
information package about the
resettlement of Syrian refugees here in
Canada now today I'm going to show you
what happened when these refugees were
suddenly faced with the reality of what
it may cost to live in big city Canada
we just received another 1,100 pages
from the federal government all
documents and emails and internal memos
relating to the government's handling or
rather miss handling of the influx of
Syrian migrants to Canada that began in
late 2015 after the Liberals set
arbitrary refugee targets to virtue
signal to the whole world now today's
batch of documents will detail some of
the refugees attitudes upon arriving in
Canada and then beginning the transition
from their hotel accommodation to
permanent housing like apartments and
townhouses this first document here is
titled the detailed summary of hotel
monitoring for the week ending March
11th 2016 now in this document we see
things that we've already learned in
other refugee investigations things
we've already done here at the rebel in
particular that the government still has
problems with client etiquette
translation refugee behavior while they
were staying at the hotels they had
problem with the impact of the clients
misuse of the facilities on hotel
businesses they say it's still an issue
but it appears to be improving
significantly now remember our past
investigations revealed that refugees
were destroying the hotel pools imposing
Sharia swim times urinating in the lobby
destroying the room stealing the
appliances neglecting their children and
abusing the housekeeping staff etiquette
problems is sure an interesting way of
putting all that sort of bad behavior in
fact this one document lists some of
those bad behaviors including that
clients are still not abiding by proper
housekeeping procedures in the hotels
and that to London area hotels are still
preparing invoices to cover the cost of
damages to the hotel property but we
also learned that the refugees have some
complaints about their new home chiefly
that they're not sure they even liked it
here at all this document says that
questions have been raised about the
orientation that the clients received
about Toronto pre-departure some clients
felt they were in
given enough time and information to
make an informed decision about coming
to Canada in this next document the
refugees say they should have been
informed about the high cost of renting
prior to coming to Canada later on down
in the same document under general it
reads in some cases client expectations
appear to be misaligned with the reality
of the resettlement process which may
contribute to general frustration this
document also reveals that in Kitchener
immigration refugee and citizenship
staff had to be meeting with refugees
who refused to move out of the hotels in
this third document here we find out a
little bit more about those Kitchener
refugees that won't move out of the
hotel immigration officials informed
them that they were expected to accept
the reasonable housing opportunity they
were given or they would then be
responsible for paying for their own
accommodation at the hotel so you know
what that's actually good news to read
that again under general issues it reads
in some cases client expectations appear
to be misaligned with the reality of the
resettlement process which may
contribute to general frustration this
is most palpable in client's sentiments
towards food and housing well the
government was feeding these people for
free and housing them for free but I
guess it just wasn't good enough for
them and then this again questions have
been raised about the orientation that
clients received about Toronto
pre-departure again some clients felt
that they were not given enough time and
information to make an informed decision
about coming to Canada okay that's the
exact same complaint we saw before but
there's something new added to this
complaint
it reads government accessed refugees
who were working in Jordan before coming
to Canada were concerned it may be more
difficult to support their families in
Toronto so refugees wanted more time to
make up their mind about coming to
Canada
they didn't want to pay their own rent
or move out of the hotels and they said
that they were better off in Jordan than
in Canada where they spoke the language
and had jobs what were we trying to save
these people from from being productive
is that it if someone is in imminent
danger would they really be that picky
and choosey about where they're landing
and about which country is going to pay
for them for at least the next year we
are bringing you reports about what it
was really like when Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau opened the floodgates to
Syrian refugees
we're not stenographers for the
government here but we are using the
government's very own documents to show
you the truth instead of all the liberal
spin to help support our ongoing
investigation into the resettlement of
Syrian refugees to help cover the costs
for us to get access to these document
packages you can donate today at refugee
investigation calm for the rebel media
I'm Shiela gun Reid we're bringing you
information about the government's
mishandling of resettling Syrian
refugees that you will not see anywhere
else but it is very expensive for us to
get access to these document packages to
help us cover the cost of getting our
hands on these documents you can donate
today at refugee investigation com
