we need to face the facts about the
so-called mega bomber as you may have
seen by now a series of suspicious
packages potentially explosive devices
and envelopes full of white powder have
been sent to a number of high-profile
individuals from CNN's offices to Bill
and Hillary Clinton pipe bombs and
letters full of white powder have been
delivered to clearly political targets
but the response by the media and the
far left of the Democratic Party by that
I mean most of them has been really
shocking I've come to expect bad things
of these people but this really takes
the cake in terms of these suspects sure
there could be a legitimate suggestion
that this is a false flag given the
proximity to the midterms
I really wouldn't put it past the
Democrats to do something like this but
honestly I think the more likely
explanation we should consider is that
this is the act of a crazy person who
snapped this stuff happens all the time
there are crazy people who support the
Republicans there are and they hate the
Democrats and they might be willing to
do something terrible like this think
back to the brexit referendum in the UK
just a couple of years ago it was held
on the 23rd of June 2016 and just a week
before it was held remains supporting
left-wing member of parliament Joe Cox
was stabbed to death in the street by a
far-right extremist with mental health
problems the press of course went into a
frenzy some people called for the
referendum to be delayed and many people
talked about how the far-right were
using the brexit campaign to push their
violent message etc and so on this could
have seriously hurt the brexit
referendum but it happened regardless
crazy people do terrible things
so immediately calling the series of
incidents in the US a false flag is kind
of irresponsible the real story here is
with the press and the left are doing
with this story the left and the
Democrats know that they have hurt
themselves when Maxine Waters and
Hillary Clinton said
their supporters shouldn't be civil with
Republicans when waters actively called
on Democrats to harass Republicans and
restaurants and gas stations
when antiva take to the streets and
almost kill people with bike locks and
other weapons
this shows the brutality the nastiness
and the radical nature of the far-left
this has hurt their chances in the
midterms greatly which is why this
desperately sad and vicious series of
attempted attacks is now being used by
the left and the press just look at what
the press is saying the GOP had unhinged
was so effective I wouldn't put it past
the Democrats to now use this in an
opportunistic way this is really the
most shocking part of this whole story
not that the Republicans are violence we
aren't but that the press and the left
are disgustingly opportunistic and
disingenuous from Sky News bomb maker
and Donald Trump certainly disliked the
same people I mean really and from CNN
Trump did just about the bare minimum
expected after an unknown suspect mailed
bombs to the president's favorite
targets that's right favorite targets
implying of course that Trump hates the
media so much so he would surely want to
see them get blown up I mean isn't this
just disgusting Phillip Rucker of the
Washington Post said Trump skirted
personal responsibility entirely for his
own inflammatory contributions to the
national discourse you know what so the
press is shocked that Trump blamed the
media for all the anger but I mean isn't
he right when the media lie in
conjunction with dishonesty from the
Democrats this is what happens people
get angry and two crazy people get in
bold and it happens whoever is
responsible for these attempted acts of
terror has seriously hurt the
Republicans the truth is that the
Republicans are decent largely
god-fearing polite and civil people who
simply want to look after their own
families their communities and their
nation that's what Republicans and
conservatives are we are decent and want
the best for people who put something
into society
the uncivil behavior the violence and
the division is overwhelmingly
encouraged and emboldened by the
far-left
this isn't a narrative and it isn't
hyperbole it's simply an observable
truth and Tifa mobs on the street the
shooting at the Republican baseball game
brutal violence harassment campaigns
that get decent people fired and robbed
of their livelihoods false rape claims
and uncivil behavior encouraged by
Democratic presidential candidates add
it all up and you bet you've got
division on your hands and let's not
forget by the way that suspicious
packages were delivered to the White
House and Pentagon very recently ricin
was suspected of being sent to the
president Secretary of Defense Jim
mattis and Navy Admiral John Richardson
and there was the time that Donald Trump
juniors Y fitness a truck was
hospitalized after she opened a mail
that contained unidentified white powder
and the attempted assassination against
President Trump Madonna dreamed of
blowing up the White House Kathy Griffin
held up Trump's bloodied decapitated
head and Snoop Dogg shot Trump in a
music video oh and the time that the New
York Times published a short story
envisioning the assassination of Trump
and tell me every time these terrible
things happen did the media whip up a
frenzy against the Democrats slamming
them and calling them to denounce
violence and stop their hateful violent
campaigns against Republicans no it
didn't happen so let's be honest about
this it's perfectly plausible even
likely that this is the work of some
right-wing crazy person who has
completely lost the plot it's impossible
to control crazy people but the
narrative that this is a result of
Trump's actions and words is simply a
lie this is the media's doing this is
the Democrats doing these are the facts
about the so-called mega bomber and if
we ever want to see this conflict end we
must encourage clear and honest dialogue
and continue to press the media and
far-left to give up their false
narrative
and stop calling for violence and
harassment against decent normal
American people if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
