there is a giant Trump head that
appeared in Sydney Australia
president Trump is visiting another
country as you would expect from the
leader of the free world but this time
it's Australia and they're freaking out
just as much as the left-wing Londoners
did this time it's not a balloon that
they're putting up but it's an art
project preparing for the visit Mel
Bourne based artist Callum Wharton has
created a giant statue of trumps head
that appears to be coming out of the
ground and I don't really know what it
means I'm kind of confused but time out
reports his new artwork monument number
32 helter shelter allows visitors to
step inside Trump's head take a seat and
take shelter from the elements which
frankly makes this Trump significantly a
more useful than the actual 44th
President of the United States
the temporary sculpture installed by the
water at the end of Exchange Place and
Barangaroo is about the size of a bus
stop at the front Trump stares down
Barangaroo with striking blue eyes the
back of his head is hollowed out and
completely empty make of that what you
will right I get it
so they're saying Trump is dumb I mean
can they get any more original this
argument is getting so old and tired I
just can't believe the left don't cringe
at themselves at this point I mean they
always do this Republicans they call
them dumb but then they are this evil
mastermind I mean he's worth billions of
dollars owns multiple successful
companies became the president in the
United States with no political
experience gets more people employed in
the US than at any point in history
produces black and hispanic unemployment
to record low levels gets the economy
booming and puts more money in the
pockets of his citizens so how exactly
could an empty-headed man do that he
might not be as hip and down with the
kids like Obama was to them or Bill
Clinton but how can anyone with an ounce
of integrity call Trump stupid this is
just boring it's terrible art it's based
on a fallacy and it's embarrassing
decent Australians just like the many
decent Brits who welcomed Trump will be
delighted to hear a straight-talking pal
like Trump is gracing their shores and I
guess the far-left will carry on making
terrible art like this in protest if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
