but let me get back to this anonymous
attack in the New York Times I'm not
gonna read it all it's actually pretty
boring very self-serving very self
congratulatory and really nothing that
new and it the the only new thing about
it is that it claims to be written by
someone on the inside let me read the
dilemma which Trump does not fully grasp
is that many of the senior officials in
his own administration are working
diligently from within to frustrate
parts of his agenda and his worse
inclinations I would know I am one of
them is it really true that many senior
officials are working to frustrate
Trump's agenda I don't know we can't
check can we do the New York Times check
they don't tell us how could they check
how could they confirm it why would they
let someone say that if it can't be
confirmed but if it is confirmed how is
that a knock on Donald Trump anyways
isn't it a knock on these dishonest
under miners I don't know maybe they
were holdovers from Barack Obama's time
possibly career bureaucrats who are
violating their public service service
oath of being nonpartisan who knows if
any of its true
The Times must think it's true or enough
of it's true or maybe they just hope
it's true but how does that make Trump
look bad I suppose if he hired these
people it's on him in part but to me
just proves Trump's own thesis he needs
to drain the swamp as he says to get rid
of the perpetual governing lobbying
class that believes it knows better than
everyone especially better than the
deplorable voters this proves everything
Trump has ever said about Washington
doesn't it and about the media party
doesn't it that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
