well California has taken another
crucial progressive step towards
equality by mandating that every company
board has at least one woman this of
course is letting one's freedom of
choice labor hiring business success
everything can be put on hold by a
metaphorical gun to the face so the
state can do what it thinks is best for
you by of course punishing businesses
and excluding those who may be more
qualified which also unfortunately
ensures that every woman hired has to
consider the fact that maybe they
weren't hired because they were the best
person for the job but rather because
they had a bra whoo I'm Ben Davies this
is your Hollywood California always does
its best to outdo its own stupid like
pass a bill that would punish companies
for not having a woman board member
passing a bill that carries harsh heavy
millions of dollars in fines for
companies that don't hire a female board
member and this of course is done in the
name of equality because not as many
women decide to fight and climb the
corporate ladder for decades to get one
of these jobs progresses forget the fact
that many women still do climb the
corporate ladder and do this and have
done this for decades and some have done
a wonderful job however the unequal
representation must only be because
sexism and discrimination not because of
free choice or anything like that so the
state must step in and screw up
absolutely everything
look I know this is a shock to some
people but men and women are different
and most the time they pick very
different paths for their lives here's
an example if you ask a pool of 100 men
and 100 women who wants to be paid to be
a professional cage fighter very few men
would step forward to take this job and
even less way less women would step
forward to pursue that career even
though in popularity and money made it
is almost equal for men and women the
incentive is the same the drive to
perform the task at hand is not the same
and the same can be said of his
extremely high pressure long hours high
anxiety positions like being on one of
these boards and personally I don't have
the drive or desire to pursue one of
these careers and I know many women
don't either
doesn't choice make more sense than
these companies intentionally
discriminating for potentially the cost
of millions of dollars for hiring
inadequate people just to hire men so
anyway what will be the result of this
well for one companies will have to hire
from a much more shallow pool some may
be more qualified most will not and I
say that because if you're hiring from a
more shallow pool the number of
qualified people will be less to some
companies will choose not to deal with
this and just take the hit now and leave
the state for more fertile pasture and
three companies that have these boards
that the babies people millions of
dollars have one goal profits you hire
the best people for the job or you lose
money and someone else it gets said
person and these companies are extremely
good at wiggling around stupid
regulations so my prediction when the
progressive state of California comes
after one of these companies with an
all-male Board to slap millions in
penalties old Steve and Dave over there
in the corner they all of a sudden
become very female or just identify as
female the new bill never said the
person had to be born as a woman or have
already gone through a transition and
the fact that you would even question
old Steve and Bill over there makes you
transphobic and bigoted and who are you
to say otherwise yeah bigger I just
can't wait to see the left and
California absolutely fail on this I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
alright so if you enjoyed that video
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
