Boris Johnson as top to pole as the
favorite to replace to resume
so Parliament is back the summer recess
is over we've had the first PM cues and
Tereza mate is still here amazingly I
many people thought that when she came
back then there might be some kind of
issue there might be some big
announcement about Bragg's it there
might be potential for a leadership
contest that's been brewing over the
last month or more but no she's still
here
they still trekking forward with this
checkers deal which I mean who knows if
it will pass who knows that certainly
clan a but they definitely don't have a
plan B and I guess that's one of the
reasons why people are talking still
about a leadership contest now there's
been a poll done by conservative home
quite a popular conservative website and
it's really interesting what they found
there so they asked people conservative
party members supporters who they would
prefer to take over from Theresa main
Boris Johnson has topped the poll he's
35 percent which is more than double his
nearest competitor
Sajid Javid and then Jacob Riis MOG down
there at nine percent bless him and then
Michael Gove down at five percent don't
mind he was a potential future breaks it
leader not so long ago and now only down
at five percent that's interesting so
the clear winner is obviously Boris so
last month he got 29 percent in the same
poll and since he's resigned from the
cabinet actually he's become more and
more popular among conservative members
let's not forget the the grassroots at
this point one breaks it I think even
conservative grassroots who voted remain
probably want the government to
certainly do a better job on it than to
reason a she's not very popular at all
but it matters by the way what MPs think
as well it's not just about what the
members want because it's the Tory MPs
who first have to whittle down the
choices to two so if you're not familiar
with how this works it's the the
formalities of a leadership erection in
the Tories the MPs will vote between the
candidates
they'll Whittle it down to two through
multiple elections people will draw
power and and they'll hold another
ballot etc until they're down to two and
then the members will get to vote on it
so here's the thing Boris Johnson might
be topping the polls but if most of the
Tory MPs don't like him then
how's he gonna succeed because what
might happen is you end up in a
situation where Sajid Javid and Michael
Gove or let's just say for instance
Sajid Javid and a donor Anna sue Bri are
there and then what are the members left
to vote for that's the idea with this
blue wave think people infiltrating the
Tory Party coming on board becoming
members and voting in a leadership
election but if the Tory MPs don't like
the candidates and they whittle it down
to two remainders then who are they
going to vote for Boris Johnson might be
popular with the members but the
possibility of him becoming PM I don't
know it's not far-fetched but it's
certainly not certain if you like that
and want to see more remember to like
and subscribe or download the rebel at
from the Google Play Store or the Apple
App Store
you
