if you venture on over to New Brunswick
you might run across a small place
called Shipman
the village has a pretty bridge in
waters a population of just over 1,100
and for just around a day it did have a
straight pride flag flying beside a road
as I'm sure you can imagine at Twitter
and a certain professor we all know and
love to send it into a panic let's take
a look
Shipman New Brunswick apparently flew a
gay pride flag with no controversy for a
week during June this year but when the
straight pride flag went up well that
was a different story
Shipman's mayor Carson Atkinson gave a
pretty boilerplate reason as to why he
approved the flag stating that it
recognizes accepts and respects the
rights of individuals under the Charter
of Rights and Freedoms
but University of New Brunswick
professor Matthew Sears sent a letter to
the village council saying this flag is
not simply an alternative to the pride
flag nor is it merely another point of
view rather it is a deliberate move to
mock and marginalize a community that
has been mocked and marginalized for far
too long
Wow so I knew Matthew Todd classics and
ancient history at UNB but little did I
know he's also adept at mind-reading no
but really how does he know the motive
of whomever wanted to fly this flag if
you think it's a troll the best thing
you can do is ignore it these trolls
thrive off of this kind of attention I
would know but this isn't the first
silly remark Matthew has made back in
April the esteemed professor compared
rebel media swag and make America great
again hat to a Ku Klux Klan hood or Nazi
banner yeah I can see why someone who
makes a ridiculous and tired old Trump
nazi comparison
specializes in ancient history although
that classics field should probably be
changed to another CL word namely cliche
and here was Matthews take on us press
secretary Sarah Sanders getting kicked
out of a restaurant back in June
forget respectability politics forget
the politics of division forget civility
let's denormalize these folks and their
ideas every single chance we get in
looting throwing them the hell out of
restaurants like we should have done
from the very beginning ah I see so the
nine service to people based on their
politics is a-ok but not flying a flag
that probably almost no one even
recognizes gotcha and of course during
the scandal over Supreme Court justice
Brett Kavanaugh doesn't that feel good
to say Supreme Court justice Brett
Kavanaugh Siras tweeted this believing
women and caring whether or not one of
the most powerful people in the country
might be a sexual predator is a partisan
issue which tells you a whole hell of a
lot there Matthew goes again and
pretending he knows what goes on up here
he did get one thing right there
listening and believing without a shred
of evidence has become a partisan issue
for campus unmasked I'm Rob simcha if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
