my name is Katie Hopkins thank you very
much for joining me here on rebel media
and today I'm delighted to be joined by
femi from our future our choice fami
thank you very much for joining me dr.
Bailey
now tell me what are you up to what's
your campaign all about our campaign
basically says young people are not
happy with the way things are going
nobody is happy the way things are going
especially people who voted for brexit
because they wanted things to get better
and the government has been screwing it
up so there has to be a vote on the
final in the final deal or if there's no
deal a vote on that
so brexit I'm thinking for our American
audience here when I'm with Americans
and I say listen Brett's it might not
happen there might be a second vote on
brexit which is what you would advocate
they say hold on hold on hold on it's
too impossible for them to understand
that we voted once that vote might not
happen they say but what about the will
of the people
so would you can you answer that slowly
what about the will of the people the
17.4 who voted for Brett see the 17
point for people who were million people
who voted for brexit and our future our
choice we've been touring the country
asking those people who voted for a
brexit what they wanted and as the
polling suggesting as what we've
discovered suggests they wanted three
things they wanted they wanted to have
more control over their loss they wanted
to have a better NHS and they wanted to
be better off these are people who've
been completely ignored by the political
establishment for a very long time and
they were angry at this and they wanted
things to actually get better and so we
have to weigh that up against what's
actually what they're actually being
given and they're being given a breath
what the breakfast that Theresa May is
pursuing right now is a wreck so that
leaves us copying the rules of the EU
but not having a say in them giving up
the Dom in a position that we currently
have it leaves us restricting freedom of
movement and a freedom movement okay you
citizens to make up 5% of our population
and yet they make up 10% of our doctors
so immigration is actually keeping our
NHS afloat on top of that RNA test
relies on drugs from require from across
the because it's getting quite muddled
already I've kind of lost where you're
going with it your basic premise is that
you want a second vote on bricks that
you want to rerun the vote
on brexit not at all you don't want to
rerun but you don't want another vote
because if if we if to rerun the vote
would be for example if you would ask me
should we have a referendum on brexit
right now I would say absolutely not I'd
say that would be disastrous but you do
want another vote I do I do believe that
there should be a vote but at the end of
the process the difference being right
now if we were to have a vote that would
be a rerun as you said it would be
arguably undemocratic it would be
basically saying let's redo what
happened in 2016 you're saying so you're
saying don't we do what happened in 2016
which was that leave one which was a
beautiful day for me you can imagine I
loved it you're saying wait till we know
what bricks it looks like and then have
another vote well I mean quite simply
who know but is that is that your
position just but Claire I'm trying to
get clarity your position is wait so you
know what brexit looks like in when what
when will we know well know by the end
of the year I mean yes yesterday mr.
Mitchell Vanya pointed out that the
deadline is pretty much start about
start of November or so towards the end
of the year would say you'd know what
Brits it looks like you would have
another you're advocating another vote
based on knowing what brexit now looks
like yes
and in your opinion what would happen in
that second vote as in which way would
it go what were the options be in which
way will it go me personally I think
that if people who are different from
more control a better NHS and he bets
are off and we're presented with
something that leaves us with less
control or worse NHS and worse off
I think they vote against it so what do
you call this next vote that you're
asking for on brexit so I would have
called the first vote the referendum
what are you calling this next vote that
you're asking for well it's a referendum
where you've just used that we used to
turn people's people's about people
spoked so did the people not vote in the
first referendum yes we don't so this
that was the first people's vote this
will be the second people's vote well I
mean you could argue that it'd be the
third given that we voted on a
membership back in 75 mm-hmm so before
my time actually it doesn't how old I
look I know so this would be the first
time I had my say which was to vote
leave that was the first people's vote
you're advocating a second people's vote
let's just say the second people's vote
doesn't go the way you hoped in terms of
remaining you'll be a remainer
then we leave the year then what would
happen we leave the EU so you wouldn't
be advocating for a third one eh we'd
have we'd actually it would be a
decision on the
for brexit deal line by line no more
bricks that means bricks it would be a
decision on brexit Mint article a
article B blah blah blah and that would
be actually a better reflection of the
world of people so if people vote to
leave the EU and the terms that are
presented at the end of the year then we
leave the EU and can you see why it's
frustrating for people like me for
leavers for people that already vote we
had I'll say you've heard people set to
a thousand times I know you will have
done we've already had our safe stop
fannying around let's get on with it why
are we having another vote you just
didn't like the vote we had you just
want to keep voting until you get the
answer that you want it
well what we're here is we're not just
defending the 48% who didn't get things
didn't go their way we're here to frame
the 52% as well who as I said wanted em
three things better off better NHS but
what about people like myself who are
very content with what we voted for are
very content with the outcome and are
very content that we can easily walk
away without a deal with brexit then
we're very content that No Deal is
actually our preferred option it's the
option I want well I mean that could be
a one of the options on the table but
the fact is the government is going to
be pursuing a deal and the deal they're
currently pursuing is one that leaves us
as a rule taker it leaves us with less
control that control over our laws in
the EU member so I would ask you are you
happy with a brexit deal that leaves us
less sovereign than EU members I'm very
happy with a No Deal braying for if you
if you believe that we should have an
option which is different to what the
government is currently pursuing and
surely you believe that the people
should have a say to retreat to reject a
brexit deal that wouldn't go in the way
that you would want it to be no I'm very
very sure about my own personal view
then on the 23rd of June I knew what I
voted for I knew the result that I was
hoping for I was a leaver I still am a
committed leader also happy are you
happy with a deal that leaves us less
sovereign than EU members I'm very happy
with whatever deal comes out even if it
surrenders the sovereignty of the
British people I don't believe that will
happen I believe currently negotiate to
resume clearly being a remainer
it seems like a strange choice but then
you're somewhat selective you have to
find some way of challenging that if you
don't want us to leave the EU with with
less sovereignty then EU members then
the people have to intervene in some way
and the only way that happens is a
people's vote I
but those are sort of the fear factors
this idea or what about you lose more
somebody won't have sovereignty we won't
have this but remember we do remember a
time before we voted actually we were
told the whole economy would collapse we
were told we'd need an emergency budget
we told that food would be rationed we
were told that before we irrevocable we
didn't care last time and I can assure
you we don't care people don't care
people do you're saying that the
seventeen point four million people vote
for president do not care if we end up
losing our sovereignty I don't speak for
seventeen point four million people I
speak for myself when I say that leave
was leave now my question to you you
represent the group called our future
our choice who funds you it's a question
I've been asked a thousand times on
Twitter since I mentioned you were
coming along so your officers are just
there in the mail Bank you have a floor
and thinking on Milbank define have we
they let us squat that you can squat in
their bank yeah who's allowing you to
squat there the people is what campaign
the people's vote campaign who's funding
our future our choice who's putting the
money in so the vast majority of our
funds are crowdsource so in December I
basically quit my job and launched a
crowdfunding that said and this was
before I met the other members of and
they basically said we basically said hi
everybody I'm gonna be trying to deal
with brexit for the next year or so
please make sure I don't start so you
have a crowdfunding site yeah I create a
copy on the site in December right now
yeah we have we have that you can donate
on the on the website things right now I
think I think I think it I think it
right now tin you don't have a
crowdfunding site so who's funding you
now I'm saying that we had a creating
you now who's funding Milbank floor if I
try to have a floor of that building
would be very expensive who's paying for
that you're asking who's funding the
people that led us quite and their
offices I'm asking who's paying for the
offices that you use mm-hmm it's a
simple question that would be a mixture
of I think open Britain think it's a
thing about eyesight isn't it when
people don't know the answer they look
away but what who's funding you who's
funding
oh fuck as you call it we're across as
in we got no crowdfunding though
operation at the moment we raise
crowdfunding we raise 40 yeah but who's
funding you now we were running off 45
thousand pound they're not telling me
the answer to the question so you don't
want to answer who's funding someone's
these are the people that have been in
touch with me want to know and you know
we agreed we're trying to have a
civilized conversation I watched your
Nigel Farage debate it was hideous no
one listened to anyone neither of us
want to repeat that but the very simple
question parking the crowdfunding which
is no longer operational I know that I
think you do but we still see we see
what's obviously difference I'm sure you
receive donations my question is who is
funding oh fuck well we get we get some
money from work from open Britain we get
some money from Britain open bit numbers
from Britain big open Britain they
happen on the urban online donated
donation platform as well so we've got
we have an agreement with specifically
with open Britain a better Britain and
the money they give us can't come from
their online donation so curious funding
streams who's funding people's vote
again online donations primarily and the
fact is right now a million pounds from
the Superdry owner yeah you happy with
that
page 28 P an hour to his workers in
India are you happy with that I'm not
happy with anybody who is funding you
I'm not happy with anybody those workers
no sir I'm a man and it's fine can I
please finish yeah but those 28 piano
you asked me the question because I'm
not happy at all if anybody's being
exploited that is her ending out being
yeah and the fact is that is something
that we need to be really really we need
to really work on but the fact is we are
not working on it you're taking money
from ladies who work for 28 P an hour I
don't think it's gonna be a good answer
but go for it that is horrendous and we
need and we need to address it the fact
the fact is we have a system in this
country where we do have businesses that
overseas they let anybody let anything
go on it's what I've actually my fears
regarding brexit because right you could
seize anything going sorry you just said
something didn't make any sense go again
we have we have a system where many
businesses in this kind
have their supplies come from places
from other countries where they don't
have the same thing honestly about how
supplies happen I know how supplies
happen how's this got to do with why
you're taking funding you just you just
talked about and how the surprise of
Superdry relate to this which you've
taken a million pounds from Superdry not
me personally no part of me absolutely
not referring you have person taking
that money but people's food yeah so
take it a million pounds you are
question okay I thought we were gonna
have an interview yeah and you let me
come in later finish room saying okay so
it is it it's relative that that's
happening and that's one of the one of
the fears that I have with breakfast
because we have we have many company
companies that have business have their
factories in overseas where they have a
totally don't have the same human rights
standards and actually amid other thing
right femur right Sanders as we have in
the EU and that's one of the problems if
we currently have a trade model in the
in in the UK or we give preference to
businesses that are trading within me
and me where we know that the human
rights tenders are going to be imagining
well I don't think I don't see and I
listen to you be human be human rights
down there in countries that are outside
of the EU that is a serious problem
which has to be addressed whatever means
that's why it that's why we shouldn't be
talking about always brexit will get all
this cheap all these cheap clothing in
China where the human rights standards
are in the toilet that's the point but
you're taking money you're working under
the people's vote umbrella that is that
as a fact that we've agreed people's
vote taken have taken in million pounds
from the super dry oh no which is his
money
I think fine well you know will be if I
agreed that's good to correct factually
but a million pounds from super dry
products very limber act from the former
owner of super drug former owner of
super dry million pounds to try and
influence the Democratic will of the
people in the UK and that money is made
of the backs of workers paid twenty
eight P an hour and you want to lecture
me about how human rights work I find
that strange let me ask you a different
question and change the subject
what so when I was 14 I worked in the
wimpy which is like you know the wimpy
psycho fast-food restaurant right and
were red dungarees that didn't fit well
and I was paid 140 an hour what job did
you do when you were 14 or 15 and 16
I think I decide yeah I worked as a
drummer in the local church and I also
helped with the power help with the
power power power point projections for
the hymns and stuff that was what I was
doing and that was it wasn't really a
job it was it was it was voluntary at
the weekends I think you didn't really
have a job did you did you at 14 15 16
what part-time job have you had at 16 so
I worked in McDonald's I was the
drive-thru girl I was to pick a mix girl
at Woolworths this this is very obscure
to an American audience I respect but I
was the the bun girl in the local cake
shop where did you work when you were 16
or 17 I've worked as a delivery driver
for Domino's I've worked as the wash so
doing Dylan dishwasher washing the pots
at a pub I worked as a hotel
receptionist were added everything from
sorting out the pool cleaning toilets
and then you went on to have an
internship in Europe oh yeah okay a
couple of Macklin and then you've left
your internship and what you live on now
well like I said in in in September I
know in December I lodged a crowdfunder
which basically raised I think 12 K or
so it's all thousand-pound that's but
half of that offf gave half to get after
that till average our choice and then I
until about a month and a half ago I was
living off of their five and a half K
that was left from that what you live
now what you live off now hey you shoot
now so right now I'm payin paid from all
fuck itself which again has its own
crowdfunder and then gets and gets ill
you don't have any crowdfunding at oh
fuck now we just decide what's that like
45,000 pounds doesn't just disappear
that is money that it's money that we
have we have in the bank that is paying
you now right now all fuck is paying me
out of the money that we've raised over
scarifier and the minority a small
minority comes from other poor European
groups okay
other Pro European groups and in the
name of another Pro European group that
funds you would be better Britain great
and and all that this would be starving
after ten minutes we're taking a break
sure how long would you like a break for
ten minutes if we decided to come back
let's go talk oh you keep filming guys
yeah thanks
so if emily is now gonna go and take a
break because his manager doesn't
approve of the line of open it's an open
line of questioning with your manager
with his colleague go and have a chat
with your colleague and then I found me
I would come back sweetie
so we will continue this in a moment
when families had a chat with his minder
and we'll continue our conversation I'm
essentially just trying to get hold of
who is funding this group that are
trying to subvert democracy as I see it
in the UK seventeen point four million
brave men and women in the UK voted
leave 17-point form in men and women
that I loved dearly in a country that I
love dearly voted leave and it breaks my
heart that there are these funding
streams coming into play to try and
subvert democracy and I think we
realized that if we don't have democracy
in this contry in this country we don't
have a social contract either off topic
and not really in the interest of the
British people so okay so I think I
think funding streams is is an important
question because you want it's important
for the bridge people to know it's
important mission the people know are we
either a group of young people we're
very very upset about the way brexit is
going and yeah and absolutely terrified
about what its gonna do to our future of
people who are being paid to do
something that would subvert democracy
or or or or be or
we repaid by being shady people are we
basically being employed to do it is
that the reason we're doing it so what
basically funding matters is what you
and I agree about funding funding
matters and because we because we're
either a young people who were desperate
and to save the country yes or people
were just being paid great funding
matters what's important is to go back
to Who I am
I think it's important to know who I am
given no you take benefits from the
government give it know given that given
that I I've started this in 2016 I
basically I started making videos
because I was I've seen them and I love
them yeah
so I I was because I said maybe you are
I saw the David Cameron was completely
failing to get people any decent facts
in fact you would probably term it
project fear I love it I love to a video
I watched a video of you showing have
you I've just watched it the European
Parliament works you did a brewery video
or a video about how the brewery
industry operates from your hometown
yeah those are genius and I love them I
love them I love what you did there and
so and so yeah so basically I was I was
very upset now this was before I a long
before I move towards anywhere near
Milbank of have read even heard of
Milbank tower is a thing before I'd
heard of open Britain before I heard of
better Britain before I heard of any of
this I was on I was basically making
videos and I will I will be pushing
people to look at the videos and I think
your bit no just listen one sec you
because we have to listen to each other
in order that we don't do a Faraj I
think your videos and the video you made
from the European Parliament where you
explaining our example are I love them I
think we should do more of them I'd love
to host them I'd love to put them on
rebel I think they're brilliant and
that's the reason I wanted to speak to
you
I think the work you've done is
brilliant I think you'll t-shirt what
does it say on the back yeah i'm Femi
i'm femi talk to me about directs it i
think what what a genius thing someone
just standing there saying go on chats
me no no you know I'm not got a specific
agenda you have your own views but you
would probably ask them honestly on any
question that you could probably answer
them right so there are lots of things
that we do agree on although other
people clearly get a little over
emotional what I want to talk to you
about now if we could move forwards is
you have a line and I've read it which
is about in three years it's important
given that
a large part of the conversation has
been about funding and has been driven
largely by you that we just go into the
pack that I wouldn't if funding was was
what the issue regarding funding as I'm
as you mentioned is defined it should be
more clear about your funding yeah and
we get we get we have crowd funding
which raised over for honey I swear near
trees bailout funding your eyes are all
over the place which is a sign that
you're not clear my advice to you as
someone who's trying to be supportive
actually of open conversation is be very
clear be very transparent about your
funding and currently you're not and
there's a view out there that you're
sorry let's do the five thousand pounds
from crowd funded sources there's no
funding from our crowd funder that money
disappear is continuing to question is
what is the terming our motivation for
your friend to move forwards to in three
years you said the I quit my job to do
this I basically I had no safety net
there's an internship you quit yeah it's
not a job yeah okay I quit I quit my
career's headship yes I quit my career
internship that doesn't that doesn't
that doesn't correct what I'm saying I
quit my career to do this because I
because I am because without any safety
net I literally said hi British public's
help me I'm going to sit here and
applaud you because we think different
things for the money none of us did this
for the money have other things dropped
out of university we many who have quit
their careers I understand yes so the
reason I want to know where the money's
coming from that fun yeah we've said
let's written open Britain crowdfunded
sources that's what it is we've got to
move forward otherwise we're going to
bore everybody senseless agree your line
is in three years or you can say it
yourselves I don't want to misspeak for
you in three years the majority will be
remain or the majority of the population
tell me that
that you have come 2021 calling to all
the poles will have a population in this
country that voted voted well not
according to a poles into in 20 and 21
according to the pollsters who have done
the calculations based on the original
vote and the age demographics of that
vote we will have a population in this
country they voted to remain in 2021 we
will have seven at eighteen ninety two
or three years in three years will have
a population in this country that voted
remain that's your argument or that
makes the point that before brexit is
even complete well you have the
transition period which goes until the
end of 2020 and then after that we then
have to start making all these trade
deals with other countries we have to we
have to rely to state the country to get
in three years the majority of the
country would have voted remain yeah but
I will hopefully I mean God knows
actually probably not but I'll hopefully
still be around yes so are you saying
that the younger you are the more
democracy you should have no I'm saying
I'm saying everyone's vote is equal and
given that in in 2021 if you count
everybody who's around it at that point
but is equal then we'll have a
population they voted to remain now that
would mean the world of people in 2021
will be probe remain and ante brexit and
the only thing the government will be
doing for the next yes less you but your
point is that as time moves along
because people are getting older the
population will become increasingly
remain because the old people will die
off I guess well will they be dead come
2021 if you take enough leave voters
will be dead let's go on a time machine
okay you and I together so we got week
we go to twenty to twenty one point the
majority of the population voted to
remain people will be dead but because
just to finish the logic the majority
will be remained because leavers will be
dead no it's because the demographic
shifts will mean will mean that because
it's really dead the voters tend to be
older and die and more people more
people do the demographic shift more
people more people would have passed on
who are who are leavers then rot then
who are remain is that means that we'll
have population in this country they
voted to remain hold on hold on so if
I'm closer to death
because I voted leave but I'm closer to
death my vote counts for less no I'm
saying come 2021 you will have a
population in this country that voted to
remain if I vote tomorrow that say there
was a vote here tomorrow family you and
I in a time machine there was a vote
tomorrow
I vote but I've got terminal cancer
happen but let's just go with you know
people can wish
I've got terminal cancer doesn't mean my
vote isn't really worth as much because
I'm gonna die soon no it means that come
2021 we have to look at who's will the
people and the will of people based on
the evidence that we have at that point
will be poor remain as bizarre but it
evidence also suggests and we don't want
to do an evidence back and force because
there's nothing more boring when people
start protests at each other but people
are becoming sort of increasingly
conservative over time so the reason the
Tory party has been voted in on in and
in the last three occasions I believe
it's because people increasingly become
conservative over time so people like
yourself who eventually do get a proper
job and I wish you from that for you
eventually and when you do get a proper
job people increasingly realize that
everything they knew before wasn't quite
the way it seems that the lecturers were
lying to them and they become more Tory
or more conservative or more likely to
vote leave you seem to be discrediting
that one I have had several jobs
internships I've had internships I work
I worked I worked as two internships can
I please finish early finished he should
I've worked as a Domino's driver I've
worked as a secretary in a law firm I've
worked as the basically the legal
representative of a roofing company in
Worcester so that's three right there
look I can go on I mean I worked at UM
pot wash so yeah so it's a response to
your question about the fact is this
isn't yeah it's not an age thing it's a
generational thing as in right now I
mean if you take everybody who vote who
was born after 1974 then the only adult
didn't the only identity that ever had
as an adult is being both the British
and an EU citizen now guess which
demographic voted to remain that precise
demographic the guess which demographic
has been has been the most
dependent on on technology in their
lifetime that demographic this is about
the faith and experts is about national
identity and those things change I know
I hear you and I'm listening to you but
I'm also you know the people I really
relate through the people that I really
get and the people I really feel amongst
when I'm with my kind of brexit ear
mates and levers are people that have
just grafted their way through life who
went to state schools who go to the same
job every day who were used to monotony
and routine and won't pay their taxes
and want something just a bit better for
their own kids which state school did
you go to I went to Moseley CoV that was
the first it was the only thing slow
went to and they went to brother I
provoked and so do you think as a
private school kid who's been in
internships who's had quite a blessed
lifestyle a very privileged lifestyle do
you think you are really in a position
to assist people in understanding how
they really feel people like me 43 look
65 43 year olds who are so passionate
because we know the graph we've put in
signed up to the military fought for
that country do you think someone like
you a privileged individual who's done
internships who now takes money from
somewhere we're not quite sure about do
you think you are in a position to try
and encourage people to subvert
democracy where nobody's trying to
submit democracy we're trying to if
we're trying to ensure democracy now if
those people who as you said voted for
things to get better people who've been
absolutely screwed over by the political
establishment for decades those people
desperately need need for things to
change we've been to Sunderland weather
where we've spoken to people like Steve
France will be meeting with it tomorrow
we have a country that does not care
about the people who are really
struggling now they need things to get
better and they were told that brexit
was the way to do that now the fact is
that's not going to happen I think it is
what I still think why because I love
but why why how does brexit improve
their lives
the Bret's it will improve the life of
my children I think your children again
again if you're quite well-off as well
and what about we talk about people who
have been screwed over by the government
boo or struggling how regulate those
people
however you identify on to the question
Peter price please answer the question
I've sat here for 20 minutes in Athens
you have please answer my question how
brexit improved the lives of people who
were really struggling in this country
because you know there's a lot to be
said for feeling like your country
belongs to you there's a lot to be said
we have to have the same rules I know
there's a lot to be said for having
pride in your country and there's a lot
to be said for feeling like you voted
for something that made you feel like
your grandfather the country he fought
for you were going to fight in that same
way to take it back and that's the
essence I think this is why we will
probably always disagree that you can't
distill that into a thing or put food on
the table but what you can say is it
gave us all hope and what's so upsetting
of course is to see a country where
people feel that hope slipping away or
people actively campaigning to overturn
it this is where we differ but I do want
to give you the last thing I've heard
you can talk about people who are really
struggling and say don't worry we'll
give you a feeling of hope it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter if your food
gets more expensive it doesn't matter if
you can't find a job because businesses
have moved abroad it doesn't matter if
things get more expensive and you can't
put food on the table for your family
who is struggling what we need is a
brexit and a flag and at night waving
that it's the most elitist thing I've
ever heard waving the union would be a
great thing it's now seen as a fascist
symbol I want to give you the last word
because I see that it's so seldom
happens with and you are engaging with
the right
you aren't preaching to your own choir
you're you're in enemy territory it
would appear certainly from your
colleagues point of view so last word to
you what is it that you want to say to
the British people what is it that you
want to what would be the final thing
you want to say you voted for brexit
because you wanted things to get better
right now a third of our food comes it
comes comes from Europe right now half
of our traders with Europe many of the
parts in your supermarket that they're
from Europe and what we're doing right
now is we're creating a situation where
we have different laws on either side of
the border and that is only going to
increase costs because that's why
businesses want to sit around in a
single market because that means they
only need to make a single version of
that product for it to be legal across
28 jurisdictions now that's what lowers
cost if you if you leave the EU if you
have to trade further away if you make
it more expensive to trade that's going
to make your life harder if businesses
from Japan for example one want to when
they invest in this country they build
factories here because we have easy
access to the rest of Europe for example
with Nissan in Sunderland if you want
things to get better if you want the
jobs if you want jobs if you want things
to be cheap brexit is just gonna screw
with things and if you look at if you
look at what Theresa May is doing she is
going to give away your sovereignty that
is what she's asking for
she's asking to be part of a common rule
book in which the UK no longer has a has
a pen right now we have 73 of the 750 m
EPS in the European Parliament that
gives us three times more voting weight
than the average European country and
what we're asking for now is to give up
our safe to be less sovereign than EU
members now I think that is going to get
to all the people good
Femi thank you very much indeed for
agreeing to speak to me I am I hope you
find your friend who had its lights add
on and that you make friends well
basically he's there to basically make
sure that we don't get a situation which
we didn't ask for we had an agreement
beforehand that we would discuss funding
and for five four five minutes maxi went
on pretend for 10 maybe 15 minutes I'm
not sure there's no agreement on our
funding discussion beforehand but anyway
I do hope you find your friend I do hope
you make up and I do wish you well
actually and I do and as much as we
disagree on Brett said I am so
determined leave will happen probably
not under trees in May we would agree on
that as well I do wish you really well
and I do genuinely want you to keep
making you know those videos that you
make I think are genius I really think
they're genius and I think they do
change the dial and change people's
understanding of things so I wish you
well I thank you very much becoming
joining us and I hope you continue
making your videos and I will push them
on your behalf whether you want me to or
not true thank you thank you very much
to eat
you
