well it's back-to-school season and that
means kiddos across America and Canada
are Pony enough tens of thousands of
dollars each for degrees in super useful
fields like gender race and okay maybe
some STEM subjects and things that
aren't completely useless some of these
students will be taught by Professor
Lars mace check who tweeted last year to
save American democracy Trump must hang
the sooner and the higher the better
let's take a look about a year and a
half ago I broke the story of Fresno
State history professor Lars mace check
who in addition to saying Trump must
hang also wrote justice equals the
execution of two Republicans for each
deported immigrants and has anyone
started soliciting money and design
drafts for a monument honoring the Trump
assassin yet now here at campus unmasked
I've always been very careful to
distinguish between free speech which
includes incendiary remarks along with
opinions expressed with hyperbole or
satire and then genuine incitement to
violence I'm pretty sure that some of
those remarks fall into the latter
category and I'm also very sure that you
would never find people in positions of
power making similar comments about
Hillary Obama or Trudeau after I
published his comments Fresno State put
lars on paid leave and banned him from
the classroom for the fall 2017 semester
the school let him finish out his
contract which expired in May 2018 by
teaching courses online just not on
campus and now he's apparently signed a
new three-year contract with the school
but will still only teach online
Lars says that federal investigators
have cleared him and says he never
intended to incite violence while I
think he's being just a little
disingenuous about the content of his
remarks here's the thing I don't think
we as a society should be saying all
right you said one or two bad things so
bye-bye to your entire career but what
we should be saying is hey maybe we need
to look into what exactly a professor
who talks about fascist Trump voting
white trash scum and thinks we should
ban the
Opie is actually teaching his students
and whether he's able to set those
opinions aside for the classroom and
isn't giving pro-trump students F's just
because he disagrees of them and Fresno
State while you're checking out Lars is
classroom or I guess e classroom you
might want to check in on English
professor Ron de girar you know the one
you called Barbara Bush an amazing
racist says she's happy the witch is
dead and then clogged a crisis hotline
by posting it as if it were her own
phone number yeah you might want to look
into how her classroom is run
something's telling me they aren't
sending their best folks then again this
is California so did you really expect
anything else
for campus unmasked i'm rob jim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
