a homeless veteran is not getting the
money donated to him is there a good
reason I don't know let's talk about it
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel you all might remember a
really lovely heartwarming story from
last year I remember it happening I just
didn't really remember all the details
but a homeless veteran named Johnny
Bobbitt from Philadelphia offered his
last $20 to pay for gas for a woman who
was stranded on the freeway her name is
Kate McClure and she and her boyfriend
after that happened Marc D'Amico started
a GoFundMe account for this generous guy
the story of bobbitt selflessness and
generosity went viral getting shared
hundreds of thousands of times across
social media so many people heard this
story and donated to the GoFundMe
account to the tune of four hundred
thousand dollars based on his initial
investment of twenty dollars that is an
ROI of twenty thousand times over
unfortunately concerns on the part of
both Bobbitt and Kate McClure / mark
Kimiko have surfaced four McLaurin
D'Amico's part they are concerned about
his apparent drug addiction
they gave him an initial lump sum of
$25,000 which he said he spent on
friends and family but admitted that he
also spent some on drugs with the
previous allocated total of $75,000 he
also bought a camper and an SUV neither
of which he still has for bob its part
he's concerned that the couple has been
spending the money that so many people
donated to his GoFundMe account fully
expecting that money to go to him
apparently in the last year the couple
bought a brand-new BMW and have also
been going on extravagant vacations
McClure is a receptionist and D'Amico is
a carpenter so there claimed that they
paid for all of that themselves doesn't
really carry much water in my opinion
D'Amico and McClure are the controller's
of the funds and they claim that they
will release more money to Bobbitt once
he gets a job and gets clean of course
all of this brings into question whether
D'Amico and McClure should actually have
control of these funds in a situation
like this where the
person who is the intended recipient is
a drug addict should those funds be
withheld with concerns of further and
worsening drug abuse I'm pretty
libertarian on this matter so I kind of
think that the man should get that money
if he wants to ruin his life further
that's his choice
personal responsibility or
irresponsibility in this case or maybe a
state appointed conservator like Britney
Spears when she hit her train wreck
phase her family stepped in and said
nope not anymore you little twisted
starlet party girl I guess for me the
most disheartening thing is I wonder
where Johnny Bobbitt's family is why
doesn't he have any family or close
friends around him who are taking
control of the situation someone who can
act financially on his behalf someone
who can be given power of attorney or
conservatorship also this crowdfunding
crap is so out of hand
freaking Peter struck raised four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars on go
fund meets utterly absurd I think it's a
great thing for charitable causes but
for people who are negligent and
irresponsible and instructs case corrupt
that shouldn't be rewarded to be clear I
am NOT saying that this veteran didn't
deserve the money I have always said and
will always say that veterans should be
our first priority in this country but
all of this willy-nilly throwing money
at someone because they got fired from
their job probably for a good reason and
spend all their money partying at clubs
blowing off life's obligations that
shouldn't be allowed on crowdfunding
platforms it's rewarding bad behavior
anyway I'm very curious about your
thoughts what do you guys think should
happen here should Johnny Bobbitt
assumed control of the money donated to
him or should some neutral third party
control it or should the couple who
started that go fund me account remain
in control let us know in the comments
thanks so much for watching everybody
I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.hsn download our new app for the
rebel media on the app store that way
you will have instant and easy access to
all of our latest
and your favorite rebel shows thanks so
much for watching I'm Amanda head for
the rebel
