who knows what truth I was talking about
I didn't even think Trudeau really knows
what he's talking about as usual and
believe it or not in this case that's
the point he's just throwing up
patriotic sounding objections to the
trade deal so that when not if but when
Trudeau fails to get us into NAFTA he
can claim he meant to do that
I showed you a clip from The Princess
Bride movie here's another old-time clip
that fits I meant to do that yeah sure
you did you meant to screw up an after
deal
here's Arlene Dickinson from the CBC who
writes I love how suddenly everyone is a
far smarter and better negotiator than
Justin Trudeau in Chrystia Freeland this
is five level chess not checkers like it
or not they represent us and this is
about showing strength as a nation for
our nation stand tall Canada stand tall
sure lady 5b chess that's what's going
on in through those mind I guess the
India Fiasco that was just 3d chess you
may think it looked dumb but it was sort
of double smart that's all
and that Saudi fiasco that's 4d chess
it's brilliant don't be so superficial
in thinking it backfired and getting
booted out of NAFTA but the Mexicans
staying in that's 5d chess just like
this disastrous trans mountain pipeline
Court ruling that literally banned the
pipeline from proceeding construction
has stopped in the words of Bill Morneau
the finance minister that's an important
step forward taken together today's
decisions from the Federal Court of
Appeal and from Kinder Morgan
shareholders are important next steps in
getting this project built in the right
way for the benefit of all Canadians hey
guys did you know that a court order
banning construction is an important
step in construction
well the CBC sure seems to think so they
become parody of themself
let me show you the latest from just
this morning NAFTA talks resumed as
questions grow about Trump's ability to
deliver Trump's ability did you know
that that's what's in question here
there let me read a little bit more from
the story Canada returns to the NAFTA
table in Washington Wednesday after a
four-day break in negotiations that
appeared to be pretty stressful for the
American side the Trump administration's
failure to secure a deal before last
Friday wasn't well received by key
voices in Congress where NAFTA's fate
ultimately will be decided by the end of
the weekend the White House seemed to
have fallen out with an ally it had
hoped would back a revised NAFTA a union
representing millions of working-class
Americans now souring on president
Trump's ability to the hey do you think
any of that's true do you think Donald
Trump is stressed out about NAFTA
especially now that Krista Freeland
Tsingtao that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levante show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
