since winning the Stanley Cup in June
the Washington Capitals have yet to be
invited to the White House to meet the
president
even so some players are already taking
the position that if they are invited
they simply won't go yes
Trump derangement syndrome has come to
the National Hockey League
so Sports Net dot CA recently reported
that Bret Conolly who was a Canadian
member of the Washington Capitals says
if his Cup winning squad is invited to
the White House he shall decline the
invitation why well that's quote
Connolly verbatim quote for me I just
don't think it's the right thing to do
everyone is entitled to their opinion I
think there will be a few guys not going
to like I said it has nothing to do with
politics it's about what's right and
wrong and we'll leave it at that end
quote
now any journalist with worth his or her
salt would have asked Connelly to
explain what he said because frankly his
statement is uber cryptic to me but
virtually all of the jock sniffing
scribes in the sports media are now
lefties so Connolly gets to skate on
those dumb cryptic comments for example
why is it not the right thing to do you
know to go to the White House no
explanation is given and he says his
stance has nothing to do with politics
yet even a ten year old house League
player knows his position has everything
to do with politics and to complete the
hat-trick he says it's about what's
right and wrong what the 8g double
hockey sticks does that mean again no
explanations are provided maybe he was
concussed at the time Sports Net goes on
to note that another capital devant
Smith Pelle also remarked earlier that
he would not attend the White House if
the team was invited calling Trump's
comments quote straight-up racist and
sexist end quote what comments of course
no elaboration is given apparently to
get some clarification would be
downright rude I suppose then again pro
sports teams snubbing the president
cheered on by the useful idiots in the
mainstream media
well that's become the in thing to do of
late but my oh my how things have
changed in just six years
I harken back to 2012 when Tim Thomas
skipped meeting President Obama when the
Cup winning Boston Bruins were invited
to the White House for our reception
Thomas is a hardcore libertarian and he
disagreed with Obama on almost every
social and economic issue but at the
time media pundits lambasted Thomas the
narrative went as follows how dare he
disrespect the office of the president
regardless of who is occupying the
office at the time and I agreed that
Thomas did the wrong thing by not going
especially given that he was part of a
team and this was a team invite as such
he was creating an embarrassing
situation for all of his squads members
having said that some of the criticism
Thomas endured was beyond the pale for
example check out this downright
disgusting tweet from TSN sportscaster
Dave Hodge quote don't know if it's fair
to point this out but Tim Thomas has
three children named Kylie Kelsey and
Keegan
end quote oh I get it
three K's right as in KKK as in Ku Klux
Klan
so Thomas is a Klansmen because he
didn't go to the White House to shake
hands with a black president is that it
Dave oh what a disgrace
yet the thing is all those media types
who crucified Thomas for his stance in
2012 are now applauding the idea players
boycotting a meeting with the president
what happened to the disrespecting the
office of the president stick I mean
double standard much in the final
analysis perhaps president Trump should
just drop this tradition and be done
with it
after all consider that an NHL milestone
was achieved when the Washington
Capitals won the Stanley Cup
namely for the first time in NHL history
a Stanley Cup winning team was captained
by a Russian player namely Alexander
Ovechkin and really just consider the
optics of Trump shaking hands with ovie
in the White House Wow the Russian
collusion conspiracy freaks will have a
field day for the rebel dog media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has a new app please download
that app and to rebel with you wherever
you go
you
