the media is reporting that there was an
Islamophobe ik attack at an Edmonton
area supermarket but are you really
getting the whole truth and just who is
the real victim in this exchange caught
on video what you're about to see was
recorded by a woman the media now calls
the victim of an Islamophobe exchange
now the whole thing took place in a busy
Edmonton area superstore last week pay
close attention to what everybody says
here and then you'll see something truly
shocking happen at the end no you kiss
done what did you say
no no what did you say I won't
understand what you're saying what are
you saying sir I said I'm sorry you have
to worry about slave guards in Canada
sleeves no did you see that did you
catch that at the end the man in the
mobility scooter is shoved and kicked
because he expressed an opinion about
the hijab to these young ladies that
could be perceived as I don't know
ill-mannered was he yelling no
aggressive no rude maybe but who really
cares he's in a mobility scooter they
could just walk away from the guy and
look I'm openly Catholic on the internet
with the state of the church under my
current Pope I would be taking like 15
to 20 people before noon every single
day if I responded to religious and
political criticism in this manner and
I'm pretty sure it is the exact same way
for my Jewish friends on the Internet
because that's not how we behave in a
civilized country we still have free
speech for now and disagreeable speech
is supposed to be met with more speech
and better arguments not violence but
just look at how the mainstream media
covered this so-called in
here's the headline from global news
victim of racist exchange at Edmonton
supermarket recorded video to raise
awareness of Islamophobia you see the
so-called victim here according to the
mainstream media was Yasmin Angus the
girl who recorded the video and not the
man that was physically assaulted Wow
let me read to you from the article
Caren Moran a spokesperson for Edmonton
Police Service said the Hate Crimes Unit
will review the video but stop short of
saying the unit will investigate it
adding police will need to look at the
circumstances of the video and the
incident hold on a second here where are
like the real cops
the ones who investigate assaults in a
public place that are recorded and then
turn into a viral video can those cops
review this tape because this thing
warrants a charge or we are all in
danger of assault for employee wrong
think about literally anything global
also sought comment from her fan
Chowdhury he's the director of the
Office of Human Rights a Grant MacEwan
University who said the proper response
in a situation like this is to support
the victim of Islamophobia rather than
try to confront the attacker he suggests
engaging the victim in conversation and
ignoring the attacker picking a random
subject to discuss and creating a safe
space until the attacker leaves the
attacker is not the man with an
unpopular opinion you fascist kook's is
the guy who kicked a man in a mobility
scooter in a crowded supermarket that no
one ever confronted violence is being
completely normalized against speech now
this is utter madness it's dangerous and
as for dear sweet little Yasmin Angus
the media so-called victim well this is
what she had to say to global into their
story when people get upset they love to
bring out the racist in them
yes Yasmin they sure do let's show
everyone
Yasmin's racism again just watch no no
what did you say I want understand what
you're saying what do you say
I said I'm sorry you have to wear that
slave barbs and cannot sleep security
just kokuto honest dinar Canada I do
sign up for Canada yes you realize
you're white right you you people stole
this land right you're Jewish right yes
you did I mean in his people you can't
know you can't cristobal islam you have
you see Yasmine here was upset in the
video and she heaped a pile of anti
racism about how white people are
Colonia stealing land from the First
Nations assuming someone is responsible
for the so-called sins of long-dead
people with the same skin color is the
definition of racism but global well
they didn't even report on that portion
of the video nor did global report on
Yasmin's previous tweets about drinking
white people tears or her handful of
tweets where she laughs laughs till she
cries about the man in the mobility
scooter being kicked okay let's just
stop for a second here in the video
Yasmin keeps saying that the man can get
up and that he can walk Yasmin August
keeps saying the man can get up out of
that mobility scooter and walk if he
wanted to but did Yasmin and her friends
know why he was using it did he just
have back surgery does he have MS is he
crippled by arthritis hip surgery is he
a disabled veteran
not only did Yasmin and her friends not
know but they just didn't care it was
gross to watch now I know Yasmin didn't
kick the man herself but she's laughing
about it now after the fact and she
didn't renounce the violence against the
man in the video nor did she renounce it
after the fact and the media is just
pretending like the man was the
perpetrator of a hate crime that didn't
happen instead of the victim of a
violent crime in a very very public
place but making herself out to be a
victim of Islamophobia seems to be a bit
of a full-time gig for Yasmin I found
this article on the CBC about how the
Edmonton Somali community is trying to
fight radicalism
in its ranks and that's a great
initiative by the way I fully support it
but in that article Yasmine Angus makes
herself an appearance this is from the
article when Yasmine Angus rides the
Edmonton LRT she won't cross the yellow
line out of fear someone will push her
into the path of an oncoming train
Angus says that fear is only getting
worse
Angus says she thinks someone will shove
her onto the train tracks because of her
religion but she never actually gives
evidence that someone has ever
threatened to do it to her Yasmin's
irrational fears of white people at the
train station are not symptoms of
Islamophobia
no one's shoving Muslims onto train
traps in the capital city that's insane
crazy talk
now let me be clear the man in the video
that Yasmin august's recorded may or may
not be a bigot I don't know him and
Global News thankfully was unable to DOX
him although bigots you know they don't
normally encourage you to embrace
freedom and Canadian values at least in
my experience and anyway that's
irrelevant because in Canada it is
illegal to meet speech we disagree with
with violence in fact it's against the
Charter of Rights and Freedoms and it is
the hallmark trait of a fascist only on
Twitter can you upload a video of your
friend physically assaulting a person
who expressed his antithetical view
regarding your hijab and then receive a
pouring of support for the horror you
experienced and sympathetic media
coverage that overlooks your own anti
white anti disabled bigotry lock this
guy up before he victimizes someone by
clumsily expressing his opinion one more
time for the rebel media I'm Sheila
Cameron did you know that we have our
own rebel media mobile app it's our way
of making sure you stay on top of what
we're reporting if YouTube ever shuts us
down to get access to our mobile app you
can download it on the Google Play Store
or the Apple App Store download it give
it a try and take the other side of the
story with you wherever you go
you
