socialism is back it's hip it's hot it's
more popular than ever among all the EPP
kids out there
hey this is Kurt Schlichter and this is
take that with Kurt Schlichter here on
the rebel TV today we're talking commies
you know some bad ideas never die like
socialism the deep the Marxist dream of
a 19th century weirdo writing in the
British Museum because no one would have
them around the house Karl Marx forms
this whole idea about how everybody owns
everything and everybody's happy seems
like a great dream doesn't it if you're
an idiot you know there's nothing I hate
more than people about what socialism is
beautiful in theory but it's troubling
and practice no it sucks in theory and
it sucks in practice how do I know I
walked around on it's bleeding corpse
yeah I was stationed overseas in the
former Yugoslavia for about a year and I
saw what kind of poison that injects
into a vein in the veins of society it's
a disaster a nightmare a horror show
a bloody charnel-house of murder and
terror and oppression but that's not
stopping the hipsters no the hipsters
love it you got any second yeah iconic
art has and you've got Oh drew Gilliam
from Florida and these guys these are a
new sight he got Bernie - he's like 182
years old and should goddamn know better
and you've got these people going you
know socialism
it's not the old socialism it's not the
one that kills people it's not the one
that's Venezuela even though it always
turns into Venezuela it's it's more like
Norway well let's talk a little about
Norway shall we people the beautiful
herring filled land of the north
there's 5.8 I think it's like five point
something million people in Norway I'm
sitting here in Los Angeles I can drive
20 miles and be passed more people than
are all in Norway and it's it's cut
first of all it's not really a socialist
country it just has a lot of governments
and see they kind of want to shed yeah
wait we don't really mean socialism we
mean a lot of government spending so you
don't get the problems with socialism
like you know death camps and firing
squads we don't have those we just have
the happiness everybody's gonna be happy
once we take all the all the wealth and
redistribute it at a time out time out
you know I'm 53 years old I spent quite
a lot of my life accumulating my wealth
accumulating my stuff so of you you've
worked hard you've saved you sacrificed
and now the idea is okay well we've
decided we're gonna take your stuff and
give it to me
because I would like to have it and I
don't currently have it so give it to me
that's not a good deal for those of us
who've actually worked all our lives I'm
not really excited about subsidizing
people who have not put in the time
effort or sacrifice that I have now how
you going to convince me to do that I
don't think you're going to talk me into
it I think I think your progress and
people with guns to make me do it
see that's the thing about socialism at
the end of the day you know for all the
talk about how socialism is we're all
going to work together and each of us
give according to our abilities and
receive according to our needs at the
end of the day it's always somebody
usually one of those people who's
advocating socialism who's telling
people with guns to go to a calcitriol
you know uppity capitalists to take
their property at gunpoint to send it
where the Socialists think it should go
it's always people like you and me
who are supposed to write the check pay
the freight and carry the load so a
bunch of hipsters don't have to work you
know I was out having some fancy coffee
at a little fancy coffee here fancy
coffee in South Bay Los Angeles and I
look in the K I look in the RAC and it's
got a whole bunch of
like avocado toast and ricotta toast and
all sorts of fancy stuff and it's very
expensive and I'm thinking do these
hipsters know that this is not what
happens in socialism what happens in
socialism is a line out the door because
the guy the the store manager because he
not known and it's a state store got a
load of peas in and you can buy your two
cans peas with your ration card there's
socialism for you that's socialism it's
not avocado toast
it's gruel we know the story a lot of us
have been there I've seen it with my own
eyes and I'm not gonna live it again
you're not gonna live it again
socialism over my dead body and I mean
that literally this is take that with
kirt Schlichter you can fight me here on
the rebel twice a week with my little
mini rants and find me a town hall on
Mondays and Thursdays go buy my book
militant normals it's up there for
pre-order out there on Amazon make it
happen I'll see you next week on take
that with Curt Schlichter
