British defense secretary Gavin
Williamson has confirmed that Afghani is
terrorists are in touch with UK cells
the Secretary of Defense Gavin
Williamson has told Sky News that the UK
needs to act in order to prevent future
Manchester style attacks of course what
he's really talking about there is
Islamic terror attacks and he's also
confirmed that is fighters in
Afghanistan are communicating with sells
terror cells here in the UK
interestingly it's the first time that
the government has actually confirmed
that this group poses a direct threat to
the UK Sky News reports although the
rise of is in Afghanistan has been well
documented it is the first time the
government has confirmed the franchise
now poses a direct threat to the UK on a
visit to British troops in Afghanistan
the defense secretary told Sky News that
the UK must act to prevent an attack
quote what we see is a real threat posed
by these groups to the UK and we've got
to be acting as we are to ensure that we
do not see future Manchester style
attacks Gavin Williamson said from the
northern city of mazar-e-sharif we
consistently see terrorist groups
operating here in Afghanistan and
evidence of their links back not just to
the United Kingdom but to the whole of
continental Europe but we've known this
for years haven't we I mean I've been
talking about it on this show for a
while and I was talking about it a lot
before I even started this show and
people before me we're talking about
this problem long ago so it's amazing
the government's finally only picking up
on this threat or at least publicly
announcing it and also it was confirmed
just a few months ago when a senior UN
figure warns that Isis is driving
migration from Africa to bring jihadists
into Europe I have three words for the
British government on this find imprison
deport oh and maybe one other thing
could you perhaps stop slandering those
of us who've been talking about this
threat for years as racist
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
