a blockbuster movie coming out about
Apollo 11 with one very important scene
omitted we're gonna talk about that
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel hi everybody I hope you had a
fantastic and safe
Labor Day it was not a weekend without
drama if you haven't heard there is a
lot of controversy surrounding the
upcoming space race movie Ryan Gosling
movie called first man reports emerged
on Friday that they omitted the fact
that Neil Armstrong planted our American
flag on the moon marking our country's
contribution and victory and forever
solidifying the fact that Americans yep
we were the first to land on the moon
and of course being an extremely
patriotic person this lit my America
loving soul on fire I'm also very
concerned about the direction our
country is going with regards to our
history and education has a lot of you
know especially all of you who are
parents the history that kids are being
taught today is highly revised but since
my emotionally charged tweet on Friday
boy cutting the movie I had a long
conversation with someone who is in the
film industry he's a conservative
actually now I will still give you my
opinion which hasn't journeyed very far
from my initial opinion which is that
this is complete and utter revisionist
garbage but I will also provide you with
his perspective as well okay on to my
thoughts this person I converse with
Friday morning who will remain unnamed
expressed his concern that when you
start telling a writer or director or
creator how to create you are
essentially suppressing his or her free
speech which I completely agree with but
fortunately I am also free to utilize my
freedom of association which means that
I can choose not to see this film if I
don't really like what it's portraying I
would also say that yes you shouldn't
dictate to a creator how they should
create but this is an important part of
history and it is symptomatic of a
larger issue which is suppressing
American exceptionalism we Americans
specifically the people who think like I
do we are coming off of eight years
President Barack Obama who went on an
apology tour around the world in an
attempt to elevate the status of other
countries and suppress our own there's a
large faction of this country probably a
lot of you who hated that culture of
global butt-kissing and we are now
looking forward to the pendulum swinging
back in the other direction with a
president who is working to achieve his
America first agenda so who is someone
of authority and credible opinion on the
matter I would say the second man to
walk on the moon Buzz Aldrin by the way
Buzz was supposed to be the first person
to walk on the moon they had decided
during the planning phase that it made
more sense for the copilot to step out
first but Armstrong pulled rank as
commander and forever solidified his
name in history as the first man on the
moon but in a conveniently timed tweet
Buzz Aldrin posted pictures with friends
this weekend and in the picture Aldrin
is wearing a t-shirt depicting
astronauts on the moon with of course
the American flag seems he is trying to
make a deliberate point here but there's
also the mankind perspective we should
all note that in addition to the flag
that was planted on the moon there was
also a plaque on the lunar module that
said this here men from the planet Earth
first set foot upon the moon July 1969
ad we came in peace for all mankind and
it was signed by Neil Armstrong Michael
Collins Buzz Aldrin and Richard Nixon so
in addition to the American flag there
was also a very important imprint of
Earth as a whole contributing to space
exploration the binary argument to that
is a quote by Neil Armstrong himself
where he says this the exciting part for
me as a pilot was the landing on the
moon that was the time that we had
achieved the national goal of putting
Americans on the moon national goal not
global ball and he said explicitly
Americans not humans yes many of the
world powers were racing to reach the
moon first
so it is an achievement for all mankind
but I don't remember any of them paying
for it this mission and achievement was
paid for by hundreds of millions of
Americans and to bring in a football
reference since football season is
officially underway
this is like trying to celebrate the New
England Patriots Super Bowl wins without
crediting Tom Brady yeah sure it's a
whole team effort and everybody played a
part Baba blah blah blah but we all know
who the real winner was in the space
race football game America is the
quarterback and my final thought on this
pertains to the lead actor Ryan Gosling
good ol Canadian it should be noted that
in this era of Hollywood where everyone
takes any and every opportunity to rip
on president Trump he continually
refrains from doing so Ryan Gosling from
what I have seen is one of the most a
political actors in Hollywood I googled
Ryan Gosling Trump and literally the
only thing that I could find was a skit
that he and Will Ferrell did on Jimmy
Kimmel a few years ago about Trump
steaks and Trump knives it wasn't the
least bit offensive and surprisingly it
wasn't scathing at all towards President
Trump and then one more final thought
hmm just to toot my alma mater
Auburn's horn a little this movie is
based on a book written by an Auburn
University history history professor
James Hanson so now that you know how I
feel and maybe see the other perspective
on the issue I'm very curious to hear
your thoughts I know a lot of us have
some very strong opinions about it so
will you guys be boycotting the movie
I'm still kind of on the fence but let
us know if you enjoyed my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebel subscribe to our premium
content at www.hsn
for all of our latest news and download
our new app for the rebel media on the
App Store that way you'll have instant
and easy access to all of our latest
videos and your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching i'm amanda
head for the rebel
