would you buy something like a brand new
car without first taking it for a test
drive
probably not but then again you likely
don't head up public services in
procurement Canada which seems to be in
the habit of buying pricey stuff sight
unseen and then well hoping for the best
a story in the National Post makes for a
fascinating read here's all you need to
know the federal government says it's
under no obligation whatsoever to ensure
the military equipment it purchases can
actually do the job indeed in a court
case public services and procurement
Canada has admitted that it's never
tested the latest search-and-rescue gear
that it recently purchased for the
military and the Coast Guard the
admission is among the evidence in a
complaint by two defense firms that have
argued that the government's decision to
award a contract to a rival company was
unfair this bidding brouhaha pertains to
the awarding of a 5.6 million dollar
contract to provide software to help in
search and rescue missions but the two
competing companies that questioned the
government's decision to name MDA
software as the winner of the contract
said they were stunned when federal
officials freely admitted that not only
did they never test the winning system
but they don't even know whether it
actually meets the requirements of the
Canadian Forces or the Canadian Coast
Guard hey what could possibly go wrong
gee I sure hope the feds at least bought
an extended warranty just in case this
software turns out to be a bit of a dud
and if the feds have indeed bought a pig
in a poke this wouldn't be the first
time that the folks serving in the
military have been hung out to dry
thanks to crap equipment just consider
the Ross rifle which was assigned to
Canadian soldiers fighting in the First
World War this rifle routinely jammed
putting soldiers lives at risk in fact
according to the Canadian encyclopedia
the Ross rifle was so unreliable and had
such a bad reputation that it was
withdrawn from service in 1916 and let's
not forget the liberal correction
government that purchased four used
diesel-electric submarines from the UK's
Royal Navy in 1998 for about 750 million
that turned out to be anything but a
bargain since taking delivery of these
subs
beginning in the year 2000 the Toronto
Star notes how these vessels developed a
staggering number of problems including
leaking torpedo tubes cracked valves bad
welds turbine breakdown faulty
ventilation systems and debilitating
rust damage tragically one sub suffered
an electrical fire that killed one
sailor and injured several others oh and
get this
more than 2.6 billion dollars has been
spent repairing and maintaining those
tubs lesson learned never buy a u
submarine from the Royal Navy but the
real takeaway from the incredible
admission by public services and
procurement Canada is this even when it
comes to potentially life-saving
technology apparently the feds just
can't even be bothered to take the time
to test drive the stuff then again it's
not their money they're gambling with
it's yours and if they make a mistake
they'll simply shrug their shoulders
noting that hey stuff happens and
they'll know full well that nobody's
head is going to roll given that being
insulated in a public sector union means
you're essentially untouchable nice gig
if you can snag a day for the rebel dawn
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
