okay so unless you've been living under
a rock you probably heard about Tiger
Woods and his comments he made at a
press conference a few days ago after he
played 72 holes and they asked about his
relation with President Trump for some
reason anyway
ESPN absolutely went nuts so let's look
at what Tiger Woods said and break down
what they said on first take with Steve
Naismith and Max Kellerman let's do this
we've played the golf together and you
know we've had dinner together and so
yeah that's you know pre presidency and
obviously during his presidency at times
especially now making
color differences feel threatened by
those policies
he saw himself into sports debates
what do you say to people who might find
it interesting though okay so this is
called front loading a question and this
is the same thing is like when someone
asks you about immigration it's like oh
yeah so how do you feel about mothers
and children being ripped apart from
each other than crying out for one
another and babies screaming and dying
in these cages how do you feel about
immigration like that's called like
front-loading a question and this is
exactly what this guy did to Tiger what
he was being totally calm anyway so you
know as you know immigrants and people
of color are you know threatened by
everything it's been going on the
president trouble how do you feel about
that and in how you supposed to respond
there's only one way they want you to
respond but let's see how Tiger Woods
actually responds well he's our he's the
president noted States you have to
respect the office in the office you may
like dislike personality or the politics
okay and then everyone loses their minds
like what did he say it was most a
political response ever you might
disagree with him you might like some
his policies you know but that's not
really the point you just got to respect
the office kind of man it seems like a
very apolitical
not controversial thing to say a pretty
open-minded response to a very
front-loaded question I thought he Hale
it pretty well keep in mind after this
is so funny they ask him again about
this and he's like guys look I played 72
holes I'm hungry when I got here now
this is how ESPN responded the next day
check this out I want to say something
about what Tiger Woods okay go ahead
though it really bothers me III don't I
am angry at what Tiger Woods it bothers
him and he makes him a nut not just that
he disagrees maybe like maybe he should
have framed this differently it makes
him angry it's so funny like we insert
us I hear people make arguments all the
time like I think you're wrong I think
you're wrong but now on the left it's no
you're a horrible person this offends me
personally that you would ever have a
belief it's different than mine it's
just crazy
in it yeah let's see yeah I don't know
it's not too much let's keep on in their
daily lives the president if anything is
held to a higher standard of behavior it
is not such that we have such great
respect for the office that no matter
what the behavior of its occupant we
must therefore respect its occupant
because of the office I wonder if he
would respect Oh Clinton when he was
sleeping with girls that were half his
age in the Oval Office I want to have
been respected Max Kellerman would
you've been losing your mind then
no probably not there's the double
standard and bias here is unbelievable I
do think that obviously the president
should respect the offices well like I
agree with that part no Tiger Woods is
being you said being slick here he is
being slick we must respect the office
therefore that confers respect to the
occupant tiger is that what you're
saying if that's what you're saying that
is a stupid comment don't so if you
disagree with me if you even hint at the
people's who respect the president that
is stupid that's idiotic you're a stupid
person for thinking that this if it was
reversed at all and this guy was a
conservative saying this about someone
who was a person of color they would be
fired immediately and he was called
Tiger Woods at idiot that's mentioned
that it's so odd like he can't even
fathom the fact that half the country
probably feels the same way or openly
respects the president and it's just
can't he can't even get to his head like
that's so outrageous that it makes him
physically angry and upset he would call
people idiotic for thinking that that is
I mean the most the bias on ESPN is so
palpable it's unreal but I don't even
know if he believes that that's what he
does I can't believe it it's not even
possible
we don't know what Tiger Woods believe
he's Campbell a nation he's not black
when he got arrested what do you just
you're Steven Iseman let's go back to
saying that is an unbelievable statement
the first thing he says Asian he's not
black when we got arrest I don't but I
don't even know if he believes that
that's what he's for possible we don't
know what Tiger Woods believe he's
Campbell an Asian he's not black when he
first things first he's not black he's
Campbell an Asian that's what you're
gonna lead with Steve Naismith like the
race oh my gosh the race bias and the
race baiting on ESPN is absolutely
unbelievable like this is it's beyond me
that you could open up with that like
well yeah I hear it this person saying
but they're not this race so we can't
take them seriously or you know they're
not of this race so they have no idea
what they're talking about that's crazy
that is racist I cannot believe they
would allow this to happen all right
I want to go I don't like say anything
I'm gonna regret this video anyway you
guys check this out for yourself it's
absolutely painful to watch and yeah I
hope we can reach a level of civility
and discourse and get sports back to
what it's supposed to be being talking
about Sports amazing athletes no matter
who they are met or where they're from
matter what their ethnic background is
and get back to waited it always was
because no one I never when I grew up
loving Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods
and Michael
Johnson the when to 400 200 I never once
was like okay I guess they're they're
black so I can't really relate to them
I'm not gonna you know support them
whatever I'd never saw and then you
never came to people's minds who were
fan of these athletes and now the Sun
they're gonna try to inject race and
identity politics into our into our
sports can we please get away from this
and show ESPN that this is not what we
want to see like this is absolutely
ridiculous so disrespectful and
counterproductive to what society is
supposed to be what sports is meant to
be which is to bring people together for
a common cause and a common goal to win
and be the best let's get back to that
unbelievable All Right see ya and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
