I'm outside the Central Criminal Court
otherwise known as the Old Bailey where
the latest female genital mutilation
case continues this is of course the
case that I brought to you recently from
outside the thames magistrate's court
that involves a 43 year old man and a 36
year old woman of african heritage
living in london who are accused of
having genitally mutilated a three year
old girl in their care which is
important by the way that's one of the
reasons why we can't report on their
names is to ensure that the identity of
this child is not revealed and but
they're also charged and accused of
having distributed or possessed child
pornography and animal pornography and
what's interesting today is I've just
come out the court both of them are
pleaded not guilty and interestingly as
well in the court the case was referred
to as unusual and this is important
because now they're looking at expert
witnesses expertise that has to be
delivered to the court before the trial
continues so we're looking at expertise
being delivered to the court on female
genital mutilation before the end of the
year
and I suppose it is unusual because not
many of these cases have actually gone
to trial as I reported previously
there's hundreds of thousands of cases
of this having happened but it's only
been gone to trial it's only been taken
to court three times since 1985 if the
charges are successful if these people
are prosecuted it'd be the first time
that anybody has ever been prosecuted
successfully for female genital
mutilation and let's not forget that in
the magistrate's hearing prosecutor poor
a Kabu said FGM is a serious offense but
it is a cultural issue I object to this
this is not a cultural issue this should
be looked at under the eyes of the law
and nothing else this is purely a legal
matter the trial is expected to continue
on January 14th and I'll be there
reporting I'm Jack buck beef for the
rebel media
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
