you
good afternoon it's Friday August 31st
2018 I'm David Menzies and this is
ezreal events battleground hey folks
great to have you with us I'm David
Menzies filling in for Ezreal event and
because Ezra does the work of so many
others here I can't do this show alone
that's why there's another special
co-host filling in with me today and
that would be the one and only
Sheila Gunn read from Alberta how you
doing there Sheila hey David this is
gonna be fun it's gonna be like the
Donny and Marie show but for
conservatives you know really bad
memories of the two years I spent in
Newfoundland in the mid 70s all I had it
was two TV channels it was CBC and CTV
and because I was a mainlander which
meant I I was a complete loser had no
friends on Friday night at 10 o'clock my
choice was on CTV Donny the Donny and
Marie show and on CBC Tommy Hunter
country Wow was I ever waiting for the
internet to be invented I almost want a
CB radio actually but Sheila great to
see you again and now so much in the
news to talk about I think first and
foremost is this disgraceful Court of
Appeal decision to I think not just put
the kibosh on the trans man Kinder
Morgan project but maybe putting the
kibosh on billions and billions of
dollars of future investment especially
in the mining and oil and gas sector in
Canada Sheila you're much closer to this
story than I am of course being in
Alberta are people going crazy in the
Wildrose province right now short answer
yes you know you and I were talking
about this earlier
if this were the Quebec hydro industry
that wasn't allowed to sell their hydro
or if this were the Ontario auto sector
or Saskatchewan agriculture there would
be rumblings about separation and that's
what we're hearing here we're seeing
more and more people reasonable people
who are looking at all of this and
saying what exactly is the point of
Confederation when we're being treated
like the countries changed perceive you
know the equalization payments never
change no matter how many pipelines
don't get built
Alberta still pays a lot into
equalization and doesn't get a lot back
and we don't have any help from the
federal government to help us get our
resources to Tidewater David it is crazy
it is absolutely crazy that you know
we're the world's third largest oil
resources the third largest we can't get
our oil to Tidewater this would
absolutely never happen anywhere else in
the world except in Canada when we're
letting these foreign-funded radicals
set the agenda and make these appeals to
the appeal court that ultimately end up
blocking our pipeline projects but
Sheila Ford and funded radicals that's
one thing that's one kettle of fish hmm
but the Court of Appeal decision here I
think this is judicial activism at it's
very worst first of all I absolutely
don't buy their rationale for killing
this project first and foremost not
enough consultation with aboriginal
groups the facts of the matter show that
there were nine months of discussions
with aboriginal groups and by the way
some aboriginal groups as you well know
our pro pipeline i guess their opinion
doesn't count so is this what we're
seeing here is this are these um I guess
social justice warrior judges on the
court of appeal because I'll tell you I
think when you sit down with groups for
nine months and listen to them how is
that not consultation well in David
there were four rounds of consultation
two initial rounds
for the Liberals took over and another
two after the fact and the word is
consultation the word is not permission
we have a duty to consult we don't have
a duty to seek permission from everybody
who wants to weigh in on this pipeline
project because that's what
Confederation is about we are seeing
Canada balkanize and the feds aren't
really doing anything about it you know
I think you're onto something here
Sheila it's almost as though the
definition of consultation has been
changed which is to say that if a native
group says here is our problem and this
is why we want it stopped and you say I
beg to differ
having a difference of opinion in at
least as far as I can interpret the
judge's ruling means that you didn't
consult in in other words because you
didn't echo their that their opinion
their point of view therefore there was
no consultation and that's perverse well
and let's go back a little bit the
Northern Gateway pipeline project was
squashed by the court that approval was
squashed by the court in 2016 the
Trudeau Liberals never decided to appeal
that decision they basically let the
pipeline die Rachel Notley in Alberta
here was happy also to let the pipeline
die because she said there was not
adequate consultation with First Nations
groups that's what the court said at the
time so in two years the Liberals had to
do something to make that consultation
process adequate they didn't really and
you know a Rachel Notley and Justin
Trudeau well I don't know what Justin
Trudeau but Rachel Notley has come out
and said that the Court of Appeals
decision was wrong so if it's wrong now
why was it right when it happened to
Northern Gateway it just seems like you
know they're offloading this political
hot potato onto the court when neither
one of them Justin Trudeau nor Rachel
Notley none of them really want to see
this pipeline get built but at least
they can say that they weren't
responsible for the voice of no yeah
they're now finding convenient boogeymen
to point the finger to and you know the
numbers are staggering I mean Sheila in
the last
five quarters I understand foreign
companies have withdrawn a net eight
point two billion dollars from Canada's
energy and mining sector and that
compares with the previous decade to
those five quarters an investment of
some hundred and thirty billion dollars
but I think all this decision does
Sheila is reinforced to the rest of the
world that this is a lousy place to make
an investment in when it comes to energy
development yet we're seeing companies
pull out of Alberta and they're going to
far more safe places for investment like
Iraq and Egypt you know that's pretty
telling and let's not forget we have a
pretty business friendly administration
right to the south of us you know let's
take a look at that Dakota access
pipeline project Donald Trump literally
signed a piece of paper and breathed
life into that pipeline after ongoing
protests protests it actually left
environmental disasters behind them and
it was just so easy because there was
political will to get that done and
companies international companies when
they're looking at that when you're
looking at Canada and saying you know
what the Dakotas have the exact same oil
formation a southern Saskatchewan but
why would we invest in Saskatchewan when
we can actually get something done in
the United States oh I wouldn't put a
dime into this country given the the
judicial environment right now based on
this but I I guess the big question is
where does it go from here Sheila
it doesn't go anywhere I mean it's up to
Justin Trudeau to appeal this decision
to the Supreme Court haven't heard
whether or not he's going to do that
that should have been the first thing
out of his mouth yesterday it wasn't and
Rachel Notley is talking tough but she's
actually doing absolutely nothing and I
think we have a clip that mr. producer
put together for us a you know what I
just wanted to say mr. producer because
I'm a huge Mark Levin fan and he always
says mr. producer and I've been waiting
my whole life to say that but I think
mr. producer has a series of clips put
together from Rachel not least press
conference yesterday and one intrepid
reporter actually did an accidental an
accidental piece of journalism and asked
her a really good question and I think
you're gonna be amazed with the response
here the current state of affairs in
Canada right now is such that building a
pipeline to Tidewater is practically
impossible as a result our ability to
transport our most profitable commodity
is subject to the whims of the White
House and the US government yet as
important as climate action is to our
provinces future I've also always said
but taking the next step and signing on
to the federal climate plan can't happen
without the trans mountain pipeline and
so today I'm announcing that with the
trans mountain halted and the work on it
halted until the federal government gets
its act together Alberta is pulling out
of the federal climate plan the pony
said to be withdraw from the National
climate plan does that look like yeah
she'd be doing
well you're quite right that the impact
of our participation in the national
plan comes into effect when the price
goes up $40 so right now there wouldn't
be an immediate impact but it comes down
to our government's role in terms of
promoting the plan overall and and their
ability to count on us to be part of our
carbon tax as it sits right now the
alberta climate leadership plan stays in
place that was a the climate leadership
plan was something we put in place
before the federal government was
elected before we got into the
conversation about Kinder Morgan or the
trans mountain but we've always been
very clear that signing on to the
pan-canadian framework or the federal
government's plan was conditional on the
pipeline
well you know it sounds to me wow what's
that saying again Sheila a day late and
a pound short in terms of this issue and
it's funny as we were running that clip
I got a response here from one of our
viewers
Leonard Roth and this is what he says as
the Republic of Western Canada we would
be one of the richest countries on the
planet time for the rebel to get behind
the separation movement you know it
raises the point Sheila if you were to I
mean this is a completely hypothetical
situation but again in the early 90s who
could have foreseen that there was going
to be a referendum and Quebec again for
separation in 1995 but if you were to
put it to Western Canadians how would
you vote if it meant leaving
Confederation that the handcuffs of all
this judicial and environmental and
Aboriginal activism is off of us and we
can develop our oil sands and get our
product to market do you think that
would be enough of a carrot to actually
make the vote 50% plus one do you know
what I am I'd like to think that I'm not
a separatist I'd like to think that I am
you know Pro Canadian and I think that I
am but there comes a time and I think
it's coming pretty soon if it's not here
yet we're normal people like me who are
very Pro Canadian or looking around and
saying why didn't the heck am i doing
here if we became the 51st state we
could get pipelines built there's no
issue of any sort of cross-border
nonsense it can happen with a stroke of
a pen from the president's office
there's none of this finagling and for
there's no patience for foreign funded
radicals and activist courts to put the
kibosh on these nation-building projects
and you know they truly are
nation-building but if they're not
getting done then what's the point of
staying within a nation now you rush to
me past that clip from Notley because
she says a heck of a lot and nothing in
there
the first
she takes a sideways swipe at Donald
Trump and that's stupid because I think
Krista Freeland can attest to what
happens when you take a sideways swipe
at Donald Trump the Keystone XL pipeline
right now is probably the only pipe one
that's ever going to get built under
both current governments here in Alberta
and federally and it doesn't do anybody
any favors to say the White House is the
problem the White House is not the
problem the White House are our friends
the problem is you know these American
activist group that are sort of
interloping and funding Canadian
activism on the ground and then when
Rachel Notley says that she's going to
pull out of the federal government's
climate plan a reporter then asked her
will that what does that mean and it
literally means absolutely nothing
Alberta still has their carbon tax it's
going to go up when Rachel Notley says
it's going to go up and I really don't
care whose face is on my carbon tax bill
whether it's Rachel Notley or Katherine
McKenna's I'm still paying a carbon tax
so all of this means nothing to me I
still have a carbon tax but I have no
pipeline so what's the difference well
all we can hope for she'll I think is
that for this to go to the Supreme Court
again you know talk about time is money
we're talking months if not years to get
some kind of you know final resolution
on this and by the way since you
mentioned the United States and Donald
Trump great segue into our second
pressing topic of the day especially
with this being deadline Friday and the
US and Canada coming to a deal maybe
hopefully who knows now let's be honest
this is a you know this is a phony
deadline this is a deadline imposed by
by Donald Trump and there it's not as
though it can be extended or not but I
have to say from what I'm reading and
what I'm hearing Sheila I'm not
optimistic that a deal is going to be
done either today or in in the weeks
ahead David can I tell you why I'm not
optimistic is because it's the Friday
before a long weekend so there's
literally nobody in government working
like we're the only people working David
nobody in government works Friday before
a long weekend there's nobody there so
there you know I think the writing is on
the wall for the Canadians we're playing
catch-up with the Mexicans the Mexicans
who were like the target of Donald
Trump's ire since he was campaigning so
for two years even before he became the
president his target it was the Mexicans
and somehow the Canadian administration
is so stupid stupid that they turned his
focus like a laser beam on to us and I'm
not hopeful I wish things were more
optimistic especially for Canada's auto
sector but I'm not sure that a deal that
Canadians want is going to get done
anytime soon and you know Sheila what
was the deal a couple of days ago I mean
what what came to mind was that blondie
hid from the early 80s hanging on the
telephone when Donald Trump tried to
phone justice souter went no wouldn't
take Trump's call I mean this does our
Prime Minister have a little delusion in
terms of who's the dog and who's the
tail here first of all I don't know that
song because I'm not 75 it's a great
song but I'm sure it is David I'm sure
it is but you know it's Justin Trudeau
he's the king of the personal day what
is he what is he too busy doing is there
like a mean hacky sack tournament out
front that he was missing out on like
what is he doing that is more important
than plucking the Canadian economy out
of the fire I mean when you don't take
calls from someone it's either because
you're scared which you know that's why
I avoid phone calls from Ezra and
secondly I'm kidding the best boss in
the world or that you that you're you
don't have anything to say like well
what could Trudeau say to Donald Trump
that could fix this mess I don't know
and I'm kind of one you know and I think
the prickly thing to
you know the Americans are coming after
Supply Management Andrew sheers favorite
little hobby horse evidently and I'm
wondering if you know in closed-door
negotiations this is the big sticking
point and this is what we're going to I
don't know potentially sacrifice the
Canadian economy by way of for example
the Ontario auto industry which by the
way Sheila if you were just to shut that
down for a few days would mean
monumental damage to the economy what's
your take on this lack of a deal getting
done well I think that it's probably
contingent on all those SJW nonsense
things that they put into the
negotiations like like women's issues
and like I what gender is the car coming
off of the manufacturing line in Oshawa
like it's so stupid you know I love this
I'm sure hangs on Supply Management and
it's Donald Trump will ultimately be the
one who kills supply management in
Canada whether a Trudeau or Andrew
Shearer like that or not and Andrew
Shearer burned up a heck of a lot of
political capital by supporting supply
management he alienated half the party
and even people who support supply
management were thoroughly annoyed with
the address share that the discussion
wasn't even allowed to take place I mean
and for less than 1% of the economy
we're putting about 20 percent of it in
jeopardy and that's just the auto sector
that's not you know any potential
pipeline from Alberta that could be put
on the Shelf because we've annoyed the
Americans well you know I'm just trying
to think there are indeed some chick
cars out there
the Mazda Miata the Volkswagen New
Beetle but I don't think they're made in
Canada maybe that's partly we have to
get more feminine automobiles into the
atif you drive a feminine automobile how
do you know you do you drive one of
those
electronic emasculation zuv a car that
you plug into a wall like a blow-dryer
you drive one of those there are two the
problem David no but my other car is a
pickup truck and I think I'm gonna look
for a bumper sticker that says that and
I'll put it on my my Ford Fusion plug-in
Hybrid that you so detest but didn't
detest it that much that you didn't want
to take a ride back to your hotel in
Toronto wonder buy for rebel live you
know back in June but anyways we digress
it was drunk David I was drunk boy so
you know and by the way again since I
mentioned Shearer
where do you think Shearer is gonna
stand on all this nonsense going on
especially what the the pipeline issue
and of course this trade agreement that
might not come to fruition especially
since he in a way is painted himself
into a corner because the only reason he
is the Conservative Party leader let's
face it and I mean he wouldn't deny this
I don't think given that he was drinking
a carton of milk at his acceptance
speech is because of the dairy farmers
Lobby putting him there because of his
commitment to supply management do you
think this was a big misstep for him I
absolutely think was a big mister now
Andrew sheers only options are this
misplaced Trudeau support masquerading
as patriotism and you know support for
the Canadian economy when really the
focus should be on how badly Trudeau has
bungled this from the very beginning
when Donald Trump took office he said he
would absolutely be renegotiating NAFTA
the the federal conservatives should
have been preparing for what that meant
for them as far as their positions and
they bungled this really quite frankly
as badly as the Liberals have because
really right now there's no difference
between the two parties but and you know
I think it raised a good point here
Sheila in terms of the bungling even
before the Bernie a mess of last week
I would put to you that with Justin
Trudeau's almost three years of
embarrassments and bungling and
diplomatic foe pause that Andrew share
or anyone that was ahead that was the
Haiti leading the Conservative Party
should be ahead in the polls by at least
ten points at least and he wasn't and
this is like I said this is even before
the burning controversy what I'm saying
Sheila is that I am NOT very confident
going into the federal election a year
next October with mr. chair and part of
that is he doesn't seem to stand for
anything and I bring it back to what
happened to you and Ezra when you went
to the Conservative Party convention
last weekend in Halifax just a week or
so before that Mr Shearer made this
impassioned speech about freedom of
speech and how sometimes you know when
you hear things that are offensive that
you don't like well that's no reason to
shut down free speech and he shut down
you and Ezra from covering this
convention as members of the media
whereas he had open arms for the likes
of the CBC and all kinds of activist
groups to pitch their tents inside the
convention what do you make of that
since you were on the ground there in
Halifax Sheila you know that was funny
because we got a bunch of different
excuses from the Conservatives about why
we couldn't come at first it was because
Ezra sent some sort of email and 20:17
that they were rescinding our invite
like it was some sort of newsflash that
we you know that we've been critical of
the Conservatives in the past but then
they told The Globe and Mail that they
don't allow activist groups into the
convention yeah
it's a conservative activist conference
like like do the people from campaign
life coalition know that they don't
allow activists and like literally
everybody's an activist and there are
training sessions about how best to be
an activist so even if
we are in activist group which I think
depending on the day I would concede
that point 50 percent we're still
journalists but we do a little activism
- why is that a reason not to allow us
in add an activist convention but they
allowed Bob - who takes voyeuristic
photos of me exchanging pleasantries
with a co-worker
from across the street I mean that
article that was in The Globe and Mail
that I said hi - Hamish Marshall it was
several hundred words explaining that
I'm a nice person and that I don't hold
a grudge which I guess should be a
lesson for Andrew Shearer that maybe he
shouldn't hold a grudge against me
because he and I part ways on supply
management it was so weird and if the
Conservatives thought that keeping us
out of the convention would stop stupid
articles like that trying to link us
officially with the Conservatives it
didn't it actually became everything
everybody was talking about including us
the delegates came to us and said like I
had people saying you know what I don't
agree with your stance on supply
management but I think you should be
here and that was overwhelming I didn't
get a single person come up to me and
say yeah I'm sort of glad they gave you
the boot here like that didn't happen at
all and you know Sheila talked about not
knowing your audience I mean as you know
and as probably most of our viewers know
we are have surpassed the 1 million mark
in terms of YouTube subscribers and
these are people I would assume most of
them are being right-of-center who don't
like the Trudeau regime are actually
cheering for regime change want maybe a
Conservative government in power and the
way I see it is Shearer is just giving
all of our viewers the middle finger -
yeah that's exactly it we have 1 million
pairs of eye balls a lot of votes they
want to court
and when they exclude us they are
basically turning their backs on those
votes and a fiber Andrew sheer right now
there's not a single conservatives that
I would want to alienate clearly that's
not the case so what went down at the
convention with that Supply Management
vote in the leaked dairy cartel briefing
document it's pretty clear that instead
of now that the band-aids ripped off in
the party now that Bernier is gone
instead of saying okay let's have these
discussions let's solve these problems
let's make sure the Bernier people stay
within the party Shearer did the
opposite and you know he's he's just
alienating supporters and voters all
over the place the thing is
conservatives I generally think are far
more principled than liberals in that we
don't blindly follow our leader and
we'll call out our leader when he's
doing something wrong and I think
Shearer is taking that very basic trait
of the average conservative for granted
and you know I think you're on to
something here too she loved that I
think the role of you and I and Ezra and
everybody else at the rebel if we are
free minded individuals and they think
we all are is to be kind of like that
umpire behind home plate we call him as
we see him just like in the provincial
election I took some flack for coming
out criticizing Doug Ford for throwing
Tanagra Nick Allen under the bus because
tenure Granick Allen is a reason why
Doug Ford was the PC Party leader in
Ontario and then the premier without her
and her supporters
it would have been Christine Elliot and
I just can't stomach that kind of
disloyalty now that's not to say I'm
condemning the you know Ford as the
premier and as a regime but on that
issue I had to take a stand and as much
as I would love to support the
Conservative Party of Canada I'm looking
at this leader and you know what do they
say in Alabama this dog don't hunt do
they say that in Alabama I've never been
there
somebody who once went to Alabama told
me they say that isn't Alabama or that
Arkansas but you know what I'm saying
you know she'll island and I mean III
gave you the example that we just talked
about how he made this impassioned plea
for free speech and then he he banned
some rebel and I remember a few months
earlier he was talking about tying
university funding to free speech issues
that if they have a clamp down on free
speech and then lo and behold along
comes the Lindsay Shepherd affair and
and just sheer I'm just paraphrasing
here so don't quote me on this but he
was basically saying well it's an
internal university matter and we know
they're gonna work out something are you
kidding me you know it was the internal
university people that went after this
woman in the first place so I'm just not
you know as you know Clara Peller used
to say in the Wendy's ads Sheila where's
the beef
you and your experiences even honestly
you you got to know me Sheila you will
find out that I am you know a vast
reservoir of completely useless trivial
information but I'm still going to spout
it wherever I can
so moving on what do you think you know
Shearer I know Ezra has said that over
the next year and a bit you know our job
may be at the rebel is to bring
sharemore over to being a true
conservative more right-of-center is it
possible that we have enough time to fix
Humpty Dumpty or are we already looking
ahead for 2023 maybe that's when things
are going to change you know I was
giving some thought to this yesterday
and I think we have a really good
example of this in BC and your Weaver
the Green Party leader actually holds
the balance of power because for the NDP
to maintain their there
government they need the support of
Andrew Weaver of the Green Party
so if and basically he sets the agenda
now for the entire NDP party because
they need him to keep the coalition
together so I mean is that something
that Bernie is looking to do I mean if
you can't force the Conservatives to the
right from the inside do you go outside
and be a kingmaker and maybe hold the
balance of power and a more minority
government I don't know if he has that
kind of support yet but the election is
you know a year and a bit off I just
wonder first of all if Bernie will even
have a candidate in every writing a and
B I wonder about the caliber of those
those candidates and also you know
Sheila typically you know in politics a
start up protest party it typically goes
nowhere so so that's my fear but you
know maybe a right I also think that I
think Bernie made a strategic error by
resigning maybe he could be more
effective in acting change within the
party what do you think about that
that's I I agree with Bernie's
assessment of the party especially after
her especially after having gone to that
convention yes I do disagree with his
conclusions I disagree with his
resolutions to the problem and I'll tell
you why because in alberta we wandered
in the wilderness as conservatives for
10 years we let the Redford Tories run
rampant because we took our ball and we
went over to the Wild Rose party and
because of that then we had a vote split
on the right which allowed the NDP to
come up the middle and now I'm living
through the tyranny of Rachel Notley so
I know the damage that a vote split can
do and I can I know the the way that it
can create these incredible unlikely
hoods that we never would have thought
could happen here in Alberta so you know
I'm like you I I don't disagree with
anything Bernie a says about the party I
just wish
he had stayed in there was grinding it
out for change and if she had to get rid
of him then let sheer be the bad guy
yeah I agree and so far unfortunately
Shearer is being the bad guy now I've
enjoyed our discussion so much with you
like hardly any a chance to look at some
of the viewers and what some of their
chats have been are you getting the
viewer chats on your side I am and that
sort of means that you want me to read
them because I've seen you the reason
I'm here David
is because I've seen you try to read
these and it is like you know I love my
mother-in-law to death but when I'm
watching her try to scroll through her
Facebook feed on her phone and she is
squinting and squinting and she doesn't
really she's not reading anything she
wants to read stuff but she can't see it
that's you and I think for my sake and
for the viewers think I'm gonna do that
I have to confess I'm a big enough man
to admit this some people say why is a
battleground not a daily anymore why's
that a weekly the fact of the matter is
according to mr. producer number one
number two when I co-hosted those four
days in a row
I killed battleground I killed it yes
battleground fell in battle to me and it
became a weekly and and and please I'm
trying to make the weekly a success I
don't want to be the guy known as
killing the weekly battleground too so
so Sheila is right so when it comes to
the technical aspects I'm gonna let the
lady take over the show and read some of
the more notable messages there you go
Sheila okay so Patrick max has a comment
for me he put it all in capital so I
know that he means that he would like
for me to develop a town and no because
I don't want to look like an old rawhide
chew toy when I'm 45 I don't want to
look like a pig's ear so I'm not gonna
get a tan thorry well you know what
Sheila if you if you are gonna get a tan
go on in become the next ten members at
the she's now a whack Packer on the
Howard Stern Show this is a woman
if you're unfamiliar fo'c'sle hutan mum
is Google the words tan mum and
basically she has over done tanning to
an extent that her face basically looks
like a catcher's mitt now but this is
her now her ticket to ride this is her
notoriety so please feel if you are
gonna tan your lovely skin go go all-in
go go super dark we have a super chat we
have a super chat yes it's from Fraser
McBurney I love when the people use the
real names and not those crazy internet
names anyway says fact with chipmunk
shear leading the Conservatives they
have a snowball's chance in hell of
winning the next election I'm inclined
to believe with you Fraser
it's uh he's not motivating anybody to
race to the polls to support him now is
he you know when he says chipmunks year
I wonder if that'll stick and here's a
thing Sheila you know once a politician
in power or one who's aspiring to power
starts to acquire a negative or a
comical nickname and my books it's over
for example Paul Martin he became known
when he was prime minister as mr.
dithers because he could never make a
firm decision I'll never forget it was
around it was in December he was coming
out of a story had a Christmas wreath
and a reporter playfully asked him you
know mr. Martin is that a Christmas
wreath or a holiday wreath and he looked
at the camera like Bambi staring a
hammer with his high beams on and came
up with the answer it's a $50 wreath I
mean he couldn't even answer that
question and likewise the nickname I see
people using with Andrew Shearer is mr.
charisma it's facetious of course right
you know once people are calling you mr.
charisma in a sarcastic in sardonic way
that's not good yeah he's a milkmaid and
I think we should try to make
that one stick to him another you know
another good nickname and I didn't even
intend for it to turn into a nickname
was climate Barbie an I did a really I
sort of said it offhand we were hosting
a Canadian premiere for Mark morano's
movie climate hustle and we were in
Edmonton and we were sort of revealing
the fact that I was going to go to the
UN climate change conference and I said
that I was going to go there to cold
climate Barbie to account and everybody
laughed and then it just sort of stuck
because it is so accurate the more she
talks the more she is climb apart me
well you know and it's funny a good
segue into another story that's really
going viral it's certainly the talk of
the town in Toronto from little Barbie
dolls to real life giant Barbie dolls
what was in the news recently Sheila if
you can imagine next week they were
supposed to be a so-called brothel
opening in the young shepherd area of
Toronto North Toronto that is and
basically what the difference is folks
is that you wouldn't meet a real live
female prostitute but you would have a
you would have a adult made out of a
hundred percent silicon and I think I
got the rate chart here $80 for a half
hour 120 for an hour if you want to a
duo that's two hundred and forty dollars
and people were just going crazy but and
and what the way this story has
developed first of all Sheila you know
there's a funny quote by the local
counselor John Fillion who was saying
that many parents were coming up to him
and saying we're trying to explain this
to our kids at two which I had to say
explain it to me I mean what kind of a
man is going to a strip plazza
going into a room for half an hour
paying $80 and being with a a doll and
III just um you know there's so many
angles that take this as but IIIi won
you know she leg comes under this is
this may be a good thing for those men
who are completely socially awkward they
can't form a relationship with a without
with a real woman or another person or
is there maybe a dark side to this that
maybe these are people that you know
have deviant behavior like they like to
get physically violent which of course
would be illegal with a real woman but
with a doll you can slop it around
what's your take on this well first off
this is why the aliens won't visit us
second off what do you mean could there
maybe be a dark side to this this is all
dark all dark this is darkness the these
you know like you say like maybe this is
for people who don't have social skills
well this is stopping them from
developing marketable social skills to
the opposite sex
you know like if you're bad at talking
to girls and you you don't have a lot of
charisma maybe you just like to drink
milk and talk about Supply Management
you know you're not learning anything
like it the only way you learn to be
good at talking to girls is get out
there and talk to them and you know if
they turn you down cuz you're weird
maybe you'll be a little less weird next
time but this actually stops people from
developing social skills and this is the
natural progression from people who you
know this is a society that sits we
communicate to each other over our
phones and over our computers and I'm
saying this as I'm literally
communicating do all of our viewers
across the computer but you know like we
don't have a lot of human interaction
any more or less than what we used to so
we don't have those social skills so
instead of developing them we take the
easy way out and we go do gross things
to a piece of plastic it's terrible you
know she like you know the question
arises though
should this be illegal and I think right
now with the laws of the land this is
not illegal in fact prostitution in
Canada is not illegal it's the act of
solicitation as I understand it so
Canada's got a real goofy prostitution
law to begin with it's like
are allowed to be a little bit pregnant
by the sounds of it but I mean the
reason why this doll brothel will not be
opening next week in the young shepherd
area is that the authorities found a way
in decades-old zoning bylaws to not
allow it so in other words I don't think
they're allowed to be in a residential
retail area but they could open up in an
industrial area even so where would you
stand on this you know in terms of
putting on your libertarian hat if this
is something people want to do spend
their money and spend some time in the
darkness with a silicon doll so be it or
do you think there's some rationale here
for the state to step in no I mean if
these dolls look like adults then yeah I
got to put on my libertarian hat and say
it's sort of sort of none of my business
it's not something I agree with it's not
something that I don't like I don't want
to even know a person who would
participate in this I don't and if I cut
them right out of my life like with a
knife but yeah I don't think it's the
government's business and you and I were
talking about this off-camera you said
this is came from Japan which explains a
lot because and you know like Japanese
viewers don't write in because you guys
know that you have a weirdness about
sexuality and writing me angry writing
me angry letters is not going to change
that yeah this it you know what I was
reading like an article in the
independent that says like young
Japanese people are basically asexual
they're not into it at all like they
don't have that like hormonal II driven
virility that Western young people have
they just it's dead it's nothing to
happen in and they sort of like it that
way and and uh so I suppose this was an
outlet for them in Japan but I would
hate the idea that this is going to come
here and change how young men and yeah
women interact with each other but you
actually sorry that actually I'm gonna
interrupt you because they just had a
thought and I'm gonna forget it because
you're going to talk about something
science fictiony I know it but you know
uh maybe part of this stems from the
fact that young men are sort of scared
to interact with young women because of
this ongoing cry about rape culture that
like any awkward male heterosexual
interaction is harassment or you know
abuse and it's just not that way so
maybe this is like protective I never
thought of that there's no way a hundred
and twenty pound doll made out of pure
silicone is gonna have a meet to moment
because it's an inanimate object but you
said something very interesting earlier
Sheila when you begin your answer as
long as the doll looks like a adult
human being as opposed to I assume a
child and but would need and I'm not
trying to get too creepy here and and it
does creep me out but you know you could
make the point that if it's an inanimate
object it's not living it's not a human
being does it matter at all what that
thing looks like yes yes actually I
think there's some sort of level of
necrophilia in all of this that I don't
I you know it like it's just laying
there cause you know smells better than
a dead body but reacts the same way I
just I think this is all just weird but
we have a super chat oh yeah this is a
super chat I'm gonna take a screenshot
of this and send it to the boss because
we deserve kudos for this it says it's
from Pete Henderson he's given us almost
ten bucks Canadian I suppose and he says
you two are good I will subscribe to the
rebel premium we got one David you know
and did you say Pete Henderson or Paul
Henderson Keith Henderson okay don't be
inert well as long to right-handers see
Henderson's are gold because you know
was it was Paul Henderson that scored
the winning goal of the summit Series in
1972 as you know Sheila and Pete
Henderson giving us these kudos the
handers
top-notch love them and and by the way
I'll tell you I think this is before we
put to bed no pun intended the aura
dolls story I think the most disturbing
thing was the official statement that
came from the doll brothel which is this
and I'll read it verbatim to you Sheila
the dolls are thoroughly sanitized to
meet your expectations
we take extreme measures when it comes
to the safety of our clients the use of
condoms are highly recommended anyways I
don't know where to go with that I just
wonder who's got the job of sanitizing
the dolls after these David I'm dry
heaving I'm dry heaving you have that
effect on so many woman you were you'd
be surprised but that so anyways we
won't we will keep an eye on this story
because we'll see mr. producer number
two is also nodding is that negatively
through the window we are not gonna and
mr. producer number one by the looks of
it so I I think it's a consensus folks
we will drop this story even if they
relocate in an industrial park somewhere
in Markham or Woodbridge we are not
going to talk more about this or a dull
story because obviously it's creeping
too many reason why did people hoped so
there you go do you have some other
chats that you'd like to read Sheila
let's see okay people are uh let's see
well yeah people are concerned that we
got off on a bit of a side road there
what oh boy David Rogers says
introducing the new Sheila doll well the
Sheila doll would feed the chickens and
yell at her kids in Costco you know what
I know it's not it I bet you we'd sell a
lot of she'll adults you know III did a
commentary a month it no not guys not
that not
not that kind of doll I mean like a UH
like a the toy doll like the just talked
about
not that kind of doll you know I'm
saying you know Sheila like a bobble
head where I'm not disapprovingly at you
every time you open your Barclays like
we have the Ezra bobble head we have
from the Bradford exchange the Justin
Trudeau 38 centimeter tall doll that I
did a twitch twitch talks actually it
has a collection of his quotes the
lamest quotes you could ever imagine you
know so that that kind of doll I don't I
don't give anyone the wrong impression
we are not gonna make a 120-pound
silicone doll in the in the form of
Sheila Gunn read ever and I said it okay
carry on Sheila do I still have a job
yes and you don't have a friendship with
me either or dying so it's socially did
you say you have another chat there oh
sure let's get another cat okay well
here's one to make up for things from
Milo McDonald Sheila looking gorgeous
there you go does that cook does that
put me in your good books again Sheila
well Amanda Joy's got a heck of an idea
for me and I'm crafty so this is sort of
right up my alley I'm a crafter and a
sower though it says how about voodoo
doll of David see you can stick pins and
him David if your back is sore later I
got it at the sewing machine well yeah I
guess I have to what do I cut off a lock
of my hair and send it to you you need
something from the actual human to make
a real voodoo doll is there any experts
on voodoo dolls that could weigh in and
and give it a Sheila some direction to
make a voodoo doll out of me and see if
it works
oh and by the way folks if you think I'm
creepy Sheila opened up to me and on the
Israel trip that the rebel inducted last
month and I'll tell you she had a minute
to me she was hand knitting and this is
a great skill hand knitting was at took
Sheila for the the brony charity yeah
because the bronies will pay you
and the bruins folks in case that's a
new term for you these are predominately
adult males that are fans of a cartoon
targeted at the three to six girl
demographic called
My Little Pony Friendship is Magic and
they actually have an annual convention
every year in Baltimore they had I think
12,000 people
earlier this month attend and so Sheila
is part of that community shall we say I
profited from it I'm not currently
profiting from it yes I crochet I
crochet very well actually
and one of those traditional women who
is really good at the domestic skills
and I was approached by someone in the
brony community and they said hey can
you make me this and I can so I did and
then I became the exclusive brony hat
supplier to the Greater Edmonton area
which is an interesting story that I
didn't want you to tell anybody
well now that the cats out of the bag
what are the bronies like Sheila uh you
know what I couldn't pick one out of a
crowd like that's the weird thing
well uh they seem pretty normal
they're just like bronies after dark are
there any cream eat you it could be you
it's definitely not me I would love to
hear people if there are any bronies
watching to you know give us a few lines
tells what the community is all about
you see here's the thing Sheila to me
this is so bizarre so disturbing that
there are adult males that are into this
little girl cartoon to the point that
they're buying thousands of dollars
worth of merchandise and going to annual
conventions that people say to me men
Zoid
you know you talk a lot of you know you
know what about the bronies have you
ever actually watched my little pony and
shilla the answer is no and I'll tell
you why the answer is no it's not that
I'm too lazy to do research it's just
that I'm scared to death I might like it
have become a brony - so that's why I've
never seen My Little Pony Friendship is
Magic
it's really not that far off for you
daebak like you like all these weird
pop-culture things and I don't even I'm
not even gonna say they're pop-culture
cuz they're really not from like this
century like every time I send you an
email it's always some weird science
fiction or comic book reference that no
normal person will understand you are
you're a brony waiting for a place to
happen you just don't like purple I
don't think no it's it's just that you
know I guess I see things with this
other sense I mean lady men Zoid bought
a Mitsubishi and I couldn't help but
notice that the logo for Mitsubishi
Motors looks almost identical to the
insignia of the Klingon Empire so I
bought her a little keychain with the
Klingon Empire insignia on it and I
think that was a very sweet thing for me
to do and I asked you to Google the
Mitsubishi logo when the Klingon
insignia and I don't think you know
because I didn't have time to Google the
Klingon Empire symbol because I was too
busy saying a rosary for your wife
because that woman is a saint I love her
she's a saint she really took one for
the team when she took you off the
market
love the path said that she'll I see
that it's the it's the two-minute
warning as they would say in the NFL in
the fourth quarter so do you wanna throw
a few oh I think we got super chat if
you want to throw sure it's from Chris
IT 86 and I think I know him from
Twitter he's a great guy big fan of at
least me I don't know about you David
but he says vote faith Goldie for mayor
faith I wish her nothing but the best
and you know I I have great affection
for faith and I hope that everything in
her life becomes exactly what she wants
it by the way I should mention Sheila
that faith was in the news actually a
day or two ago she was canvassing in
Toronto
and I think all the hardcore faith
haters were really trying to make this a
much bigger story than it actually was
for some members of the Toronto Police
that posed for pictures with faith and
you know people were screaming oh these
cups should be reprimanded they should
be suspended the fact of the matter is
is that people you know when you're out
in public when you're running for office
and this applies to all put politicians
of all political stripes when you're in
a crowd you never know who it is that
comes out of a crowd stands beside you
and a picture is taken so I just thought
this was a really unnecessary smear job
by you know her hardcore haters I'll say
that well you know what David I gotta
tell you I think we redeemed our support
that we but you redeemed yourselves when
you brought in the ringer here to save
the show because happy infidel Fox says
David and Sheila have a great chemistry
and amandajoy story go ahead oh I want
to thank him for that in fact that's
inspired me in the spirit of brony ISM
to write my own screenplay for an
animated series and it will be called
this my little Sheila Friendship is
Magic
what do you think about that oh my lord
you know what folks I hope you enjoyed
that I talked about all kinds of things
the Kinder Morgan and Supply Management
and the Conservative Party of Canada and
the ARA dolls and the brony community
and listen it's the last day of August
unofficially summer ends on Tuesday so
listen I I hope all of you go out and
have a really fun safe time on this
Labor Day weekend and last word over to
Sheila Gunn Reid who did a fantastic job
as co-host today what do you say Sheila
I want to wish all the farmers out there
a very
happy fruitful harvest and remember
don't let the government tell you that
you've had too much to think fantastic
thanks so much to everybody have a great
weekend
you
