but I mentioned one of the other issues
killer whales let me read from the
ruling and I'm going to read in a valley
girl accent because that's about the
level of thought here however effects
from the operation of project related
marine vessels would contribute to the
total cumulative effects on the southern
resident killer whales can gonna stop of
Max and I apologize it's irritating
enough to read the facts here and would
further impede the recovery of that
species southern resident killer whales
are an endangered species that reside in
the Salish Sea project-related marine
shipping follows a route through the
Sailor sea to the open ocean that
travels through the whales critical
habitat is identified in the recovery
strategy for the northern and southern
resident killer whales the board's
finding was that the operation of
project related marine vessels is likely
to result in significant adverse effects
of the southern resident killer whale
and that is likely to result in
significant adverse effects on
Aboriginal cultural uses associated with
marine mammals so it's a twofer here
it's a twofer here you've got the killer
whales themselves and then the special
cultural uses that only aboriginals have
for these killer whale what does that
mean a cultural useful don't ask you
racist
what do you racist but can I ask a
question please don't call me racist or
anti to lure whale ashore something
according to the Port of Vancouver there
are more than 3,000 ships that move in
and out of the port every year and
scroll down a look at they've got a
graph here very helpful in the Port of
Vancouver you see that Wow look at that
that's going in the right direction
Haines
it's growing a lot that's trade that's
the historical and projected vessel
activity so it's it's what doubled in
the last five years there's a lot of
boats
that's called trade we buy things from
China and Japan and Korea and Taiwan and
we sell things to China and in the eye I
think that's a good thing so it's
growing the ports a huge employer itself
both in BC and obviously for any factory
or consumer whose stuff passes in and
out of the port so if Kinder Morgan's
pipeline
and proceeds that will add a massive one
more ship of a day one one more pardon
me I'm not that's wise is the Federal
Court of Appeal judge but if more than
three thousand ships a year coming and
going are okay for those killer whales
how is one more ship a day gonna be a
disaster for the killer whales but what
about something more gross namely the
Victoria BC literally dumps its raw
untreated human sewage right into the
sea this precious sacred sea that's fine
for 3,000 ships a year but just not
those Kinder Morgan or club's anchors
and it's fine with the human waste of
hundreds of thousands of people
including many of the Indian mens who
were complaining but a double-hulled
high-tech tanker is gross one a day
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the yeas relevant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
