so I've talked about the lack of
maternal characters on television before
there are female badasses who are trying
to be men and there are a few characters
who are genuinely badass and feminine
but I thought it was important to go
over this again a little bit more
because it's an important topic and it
seems that Hollywood is increasingly
representing moms in a bad light in an
article in the New York Post Robert
Roark explained TV moms are more likely
to put their children's lives in
complete jeopardy or do enough damage in
early childhood to wreck their chances
of living a fulfilling adulthood some
are complete monsters and I think he's
right he accurately explains that
maternal monsters and clueless moms are
taking over TV there's adora the
matriarch character in HBO's sharp
objects in the season finale it turns
out that she had poisoned and killed her
daughter Marian and was now trying to do
the same to her youngest daughter and it
crosses over into TV as well there's the
mom Evelyn on Two and a Half Men who's a
prime example of moms being portrayed as
superficial and mean it's so common you
probably don't even notice it but switch
on the television and you're going to
start picking up on it the New York Post
article also picked up on the Paramount
series Yellowstone in which Evelyn
stunts the emotional development of her
daughter by blaming her for a riding
accident when she was a kid and Wendy
bird from Ozark exposes her children to
a drug cartel business Hollywood and the
TV business are in desperate need of
good mothers this is a bad direction for
women and the female archetype and it
ultimately shaped society mothers are
responsible for the development of
children and provide an important
balance in their emotional development
and when television shows represent
women in this light it doesn't set a
great example for young women or they're
trying to show an example in society and
infiltrate TV that way I'm not
suggesting that young
we'll start exposing their children to
drug cartels but if one combines these
terrible depictions of mothers with the
constant portrayal of women as badasses
who want to be just like men then what
does that say for the future of
motherhood even goth Queen Morticia
Addams is ranked as one of the top TV
moms she might appear as an evil persona
given the theme of the show but in
reality she was a great mother and her
character didn't hurt the perception of
mothers she cooked meals for her family
and husband she taught her children to
be strong-willed and they were stylish
all at the same time and she maintained
a healthy romance with her husband more
conventional examples however can be
found and one of my favorite TV shows
the Goldbergs Beverly Goldberg wears
amazing sweaters and amazing 80s hair
and despite being a soft proclaimed
smother she always learns from her
mistakes and does everything she can to
help her children and I mean everything
she is the perfect mom and last year's
comedy series good news a series about a
mother who becomes an intern at a news
company where her daughter works
actually shines a good light on moms as
well there is a lot of left-wing
references in the show but what I liked
about it was that the mother was often
blamed by her daughter for her problems
only for her daughter to realize she was
wrong and her mother was working in her
interest all along that's what I like to
see I like to see strong women who are
fulfilling their role as a mother
setting examples and learning from
mistakes when they make them they must
be humble honest hard-working and
maternal motherly that's badass to me
the bad moms of today's TVs wish they
could be half as cool as Morticia Addams
or Beverly Goldberg but they don't have
the maternal ability or understanding
and I hope writers of TV shows realize
why shows like the Goldbergs do so well
people love good moms
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
