the Department of National Defense needs
some help
spinning their fake news today I'll show
you the contract they're looking to fill
with your tax dollars I like to haunt
the government procurement websites
because that's usually where you get a
pretty good idea about where the
government is going in the very near
future buy and sell gcta is like a
crystal ball for strange government
initiatives because there you see the
contracts the infrastructure and
purchases for the government's next best
laid plans and terrible ideas I think
the Department of National Defense will
be announcing some major changes in the
very near future that the Canadian
public is going to strongly disagree
with and I've come to that conclusion
based on what I've just read on that
government procurement website just look
at this from buy and sell GCC a
journalist's for role-playing services
for the Department of National Defense
it took a while but on page 24 of the
government RFP we get to exactly what
the journalists are being hired for
they're going to provide consulting
services and expert advice for the a DST
the advanced designated spokesperson
training the a DST requires the
participation of journalists to simulate
appropriate media interviews now that
sounds vaguely almost reasonable until
you get to the portion of tasks and
deliverables that makes it pretty clear
the journalists are there to teach the
spokespeople how to spin government
garbage to a hungry Ameena ball liberal
media landscape the contractor must
analyze the following information and
potential issues the media environment
for a specific country if the
spokesperson will be deployed and if the
training is for an upcoming interview
the contractor must analyze the specific
media outlets
audience and particulars such as age
gender interest and political
orientation and the potential journalist
angle and any past interviews with CAF
members this is just liberals teaching
other liberals how to talk to liberals
who want to hear more liberal garbage
instead of just telling the Canadian
public the facts the way government
spokespeople are supposed to do let's
remember these spokespeople they don't
work for the Liberals they work for the
Department of National Defense these are
nonpartisan bureaucrats or at least
they're supposed to be nonpartisan
bureaucrats instead they're being
trained by liberal journalists how to
regurgitate liberal spin based on their
target audiences journalists are
teaching the government how to fake the
news here now I'm old enough to remember
when Justin Trudeau was against fake
news like last winter and then like
earlier this summer in February of 2018
Trudeau put an ultimatum to Facebook he
wanted them to crack down on what the
Liberal government identifies as
so-called fake news or Trudeau would
regulate the daylights out of Facebook
well in advance of the 2019 election and
rising to the occasion to censor
political discourse Facebook has
deployed their fake news fact-checking
team to scour our Facebook pages for
wrong think and latent conservatism in
advance of the 2019 federal election at
the same time Twitter at the behest of
the Liberals again has shut down clearly
identified parodies of liberal cabinet
ministers this isn't fighting fake news
this is fighting fun as liberal fun
burglars tend to do but this is also
fighting against regular people speaking
truth to power through the powerful
political weapon of mockery and now
Trudeau wants to pay a couple of
Canada's finest scribes to help in the
manufacturing of government propaganda
I'm sure whoever the Liberals hire to
fill these jobs will be incredible role
players
considering they've been role-playing as
unbiased journalists ever since they
started their careers in the mainstream
media
it's a journalist job to hold the
government to account and not teach the
government spokespeople how to skirt
accountability from the public are you
like me can you also absolutely not wait
to see what journalists finally come out
of the liberal closet to where their
bias with pride here so far although
it's early in the job tender no
journalists have expressed any interest
in filling these role-playing jobs but I
promise you I'll keep checking back for
the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read
what you just saw there is the daily
video that I do here at the rebel but
did you know that I also have my own
weekly full-length show it's aptly
called the gun show where we talk about
issues facing Canadian families in the
way the mainstream media just never
would but to get access to my show and
the rest of our incredible premium
subscriber content treat yourself to a
rebel subscription today
you
