Justin Trudeau has finally turned off
the hormonal sycophants over at Vanity
Fair after three or four straight years
of embarrassing Trudeau fangirling and
hair toweling the far-left magazine is
having a little bit of an epiphany about
our sjw prime minister look I know I'm a
little late to the game to give
commentary on this but in all honesty I
try not to pay attention to Vanity Fair
it's so superficial like cosmopolitan or
flair or shadow Lane I think these
magazines geared towards women insult
smart conscientious and politically
engaged women reducing our opinions down
to our libidos and our fashion choices
now for those of you who don't read
Vanity Fair let me describe it for you
it's that magazine at the doctors or the
dentist's office that you find yourself
reading because your phone battery is
desperately low it's not anything that I
or most conservative women would pick up
on purpose or even spend our hard-earned
money on it's expensive fashion
expensive makeup intermingled with
anti-trump sentiment written into just
about every article but it looks like
Trudeau has finally lost them in the
August issue of Vanity Fair Trudeau made
the list of five of the world's most
underwhelming heirs the list includes
North Korean madman Kim Jong hoon Trump
Sun Allah Jared pusher because like I
said what would Vanity Fair be without a
healthy dose of trumped arrangement on
every single page businesswoman Shari
redstone and Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman a Vanity Fair notes Trudeau's
signature achievement is surviving 1980s
Canada his defining trait being a
charity striptease act his favorite
pastime is acquiring bird tattoos his
most valuable inheritance according to
Vanity Fair is lothario good looks now
I'm not sure if the people at Vanity
Fair have ever actually taken a good
look like a real good look at Trudeau's
old man but I would tend to disagree
here anyway they listed Trudeau's
Kardashian spirit Adam
as Caitlyn Jenner and I think that is
absolutely perfection now I did a quick
little experiment to illustrate what a
startling turn of events this all is
Toulouse Vanity Fair support I went back
through now I'm not gonna say I went
back through years of Vanity Fair's
articles because I can't take that much
of Vanity Fair but I went back a little
bit on their website I wanted to see how
much the needle has moved on Trudeau
they've flipped from squealing like
Beliebers to giving Trudeau the side-eye
Vanity Fair has gone from glowing
articles with images of Trudeau grabbing
his wife on the butt to this openly
mocking him for accomplishing mostly
nothing outside of winning an election
that one time but let's all take a
painful and awkward wander down Vanity
Fair Trudeau fangirl memory lane we're
doing this together people in 2017 they
wrote an article describing Justin
Trudeau as the man of your and Angela
Merkel's dreams who spent a rainy Sunday
painting a mural in his basement while
wearing red flannel pajamas and sporting
some quote unquote adorable Bed Head oh
my god again in 2017 they posted a
strange photo gallery that somehow
proves to us all that Justin Trudeau
charms every man woman and child he
meets I flipped through the whole thing
so you don't have to you are welcome in
February 2018 in all seriousness Vanity
Fair's out the Justin Trudeau's
ridiculous costumed gallivanting through
India was some sort of cutesy success
I think 2017 was the honeymoon phase of
their love affair with Justin Trudeau
there are a lot like a lot of Vanity
Fair obsessive articles about him from
that time you can check for yourself
there's this article here titled an
in-depth reading of Justin Trudeau's
Chewbacca socks a few hundred words
where they muse about the meaning of
Justin Trudeau's wookie Footwear here's
the meaning he's an idiot a total idiot
next article here another couple hundred
words about Justin Trudeau in a flippin
kayak
justin trudeau wanting a tennis rematch
with one-time Hollywood celebrity
Matthew Perry oh here's an article about
Justin Trudeau taking Ivanka Trump to a
musical and then of course a sideways
wipe a Trump again from 2017 and my walk
down Trudeau left-wing fangirl Street
would absolutely not be complete without
a mention of Justin Trudeau being a
feminist and double points for throwing
in a Hollywood celebrity like Emma
Watson into the mix okay I think that's
about enough for all of us for you and
for me because I cannot take any more
all of this it went from glowing praise
from once being named to Vanity Fair's
best-dressed list to being mocked for
studying geography at McGill my goodness
how the mighty the well quaffed and the
well-dressed have fallen for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunn read did you know
that we have our own rebel media mobile
app it's on the Google Play Store or the
Apple App Store download it give it a
whirl and help us get around internet
censorship wherever you go
you
