you may have seen that test holiday the
plus-size model who champions body
positivity is on the cover of
Cosmopolitan she tweeted about it saying
whew I'm literally a Cosmo girl can't
believe I'm saying that Thank You
Cosmopolitan UK for this incredible
opportunity if I saw a body like mine on
this magazine when I was a young girl it
would have changed my life issue hit
stands August 31st okay so first off she
claims that seeing a big girl on the
cover of magazine when she was a kid
would have changed her life okay would
she have changed for the better with the
sight of someone her size have shocked
her and catalyzed her to lead a
healthier lifestyle or would it have
precipitated the opposite being embolden
to treat herself more poorly and
encourage that lifestyle which is most
likely that's the case let's be honest
here this woman is encouraging and
promoting an unhealthy lifestyle and so
is Cosmo there are lots of reasons why
people might be overweight and know it's
not always that person's fault but it
doesn't mean we should be promoting it
it's not really cover magazine worthy
there is no way someone this size is
healthy there's being chunky and being
curvy but she is morbidly obese I mean
Ashley Graham does not look this
hopeiess being obese means you don't
live as long sorry but it's true one
study suggests that obesity can knock a
whole 20 years of good health off your
life and even cut almost a decade off
your life expectancy and that just gets
worse the bigger you get you'll be at a
higher risk of heart disease and
diabetes so why is cosmopolitan
therefore encouraging people to knock
years off their own life and by the way
I predicted this take a look at my intro
specifically a copy of the cosmopolitan
that appears in the animation and look
who's on the front cover yes I predicted
this but I can't take full credit it's
just kind of funny how predictable the
far-left media outlets have become this
was always going to happen
she's even wearing the same swimsuit of
course they put her in a swimsuit and
now if you dare to point out the reality
of obesity you're just a hater and
should be ignored the left are selective
about the science they like they claim
to be pro science but if it results in
hurt feelings then you're a hater and
you should be ignored oh and look at the
front of the magazine they ask is
success and illness really so success
and enjoying a positive healthy and
successful life is an illness but being
so fat you have to purchase two seats on
an airplane isn't an illness I mean what
world are we living in also let's not
forget what this cover also has on it it
says the other lover why I vetted my
wife's affair so yeah look at that
cuckoldry this whole cover is just
incredible look at this me too one as
well they turned on me the rape survivor
me too disowned Tess holiday wants her
haters to kiss her geez they are really
asking to be memed and made fun of I
mean first of all if you acknowledge and
point out that her weight is unhealthy
that's now being a hater that's what
they're calling it being a hater this is
what they do they just twist words
around and also I'd like to point out
that these haters that she talks about
are even her own fans because I'm not
sure if you guys are aware of this girl
or some of these scandals that she's a
part of but she was selling t-shirts and
she either didn't supply them didn't
send them to people and people were very
very angry this went on for over a year
or people that did receive their shirts
said that they were extremely crappy and
they were charged $40 for a simple
t-shirt and the printing on it just wore
way right away after one wash and it was
really poor quality and she ended up
blocking her fans asking about where's
my shirt and people were very very upset
with her so these are the haters she's
talking about she's spin the story to
act like she's the victim when she
scammed people everything about this
cover is just
incredible do people even read magazines
anymore I mean I did when I was a kid in
the 90s but this stuff is just horrible
just get rid of it no more magazines if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
