is charging plus-sized consumers more
for their plus-sized clothing tantamount
to fat shaming well some husky gals
think this is indeed the case so cue the
outrage machine
oh my goodness what a conspiracy that's
being exposed at your friendly
neighborhood Walmart you see the a CBC
report reveals that plus-sized shoppers
purchasing plus-sized clothing to cover
up their plus-size bodies are being
weighed for it now charged a few bucks
more Oh shocker holding back tears
plus-size shopper Michaela Dechaine
remarked quote it's not right end quote
and then she presumably went back to
wolfing down her ham sandwich and
obviously there can be about only one
conclusion for this price gouging
Walmart is deliberately setting out to
fat shame its plus-size customer base
now personally I think that's a wee bit
of a stretch I mean if you have the
stomach for it folks go online and visit
people of walmart calm you will discover
a significant amount of this chains
shoppers are not exactly the second
coming of skinny mini yet even so
there's plus-sized Walmart shopper
Shannon mosaic of Edmonton noting that
the chains pricing policy is
unacceptable and that it's a form of
shaming people Oh boohoo boohoo and past
the Cheetos already will ya look I might
not be an expert when it comes to the
manufacturer of haberdashery but doesn't
it stand to reason that plus-sized
garments need more material and more
material would therefore raise
production costs and those costs would
either have to be absorbed or passed on
to the consumer
no or to put it in language that
Dechaine and Moe's Act might better
understand you see when you visit a
baskin-robbins ice cream shop you're
charged to 79 for a single scoop ice
cream cone but if you want two scoops
guess what the price jumps to 399 gasp
now is Baskin Robbins trying to publicly
shame those with hearty appetites or and
maybe just maybe I'm going out on a limb
here folks
does a double scoop
hone required by definition twice as
much ice cream as a single scoop cone Oh
which results in higher food costs and
therefore in order to maintain profit
margins baskin-robbins has the charge an
extra buck 24 that double scoop cone
versus a single scoop cone you know just
like how a blouse that's quintuple XL
requires more fabric than a blouse that
is merely medium I know what a concept
true enough some retailers don't charge
more for their plus-size offerings but
so what Walmart doesn't actually need a
reason to charge more for any of its
products this company operates in a free
market economy so if the Shayna Mo's AK
take issue with Walmart's pricing
policies they don't have to shop at
Walmart they can take their business
elsewhere like giant Tiger you know you
got to figure a store called Johnny
tiger must have a lot of plus-sized
clothing for say la but I'm sure that
aided and abetted by the state
broadcaster the likes of Dechaine and
Mo's act will continue to whine for
state sanctioned regulations when it
comes to plus-sized clothing in the
meantime because it's 2018 and we're
supposed to be ever so mindful of hurt
feelings I'm sure it's only a matter of
time before a triple XL Walmart shopper
goes crying to inhumans Commission
seeking that do rigueur apology and of
course that five figure check because
well that's how we roll these days for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks the Breville has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
