body modification is the next way to
express yourself using technology and
celebrities are showing off the latest
crazy trends Kim Kardashian and Chrissy
Teigen have showed off samples of new
accessory implants orde-lees products
that look like implants page six reports
beginning September 5th visitors to the
brands exhibition space at 48 Mercer
Street in New York City will be able to
interact with some of these otherworldly
body modifications firsthand including a
nautilus shell spired high-heeled that
can be permanently affixed year foot and
a chain look necklace with LED lights
that attaches to the skin of your neck
and flashes to the beat of your heart
look at some of these pictures any human
ever you like it - my necklace closed
like a heartbeat
it moves to the rhythm of my heartbeat
we're closed
thank you a human the creator of the
products shown at a human the exhibition
is Simon Huck he said about the
exhibition when you think of the future
you think dark dystopian they're all
these images that come to mind I don't
want to create a utopian world but I
definitely wanted to create a world that
was optimistic or at the bare minimum
neutral he says we wanted to use the
future of fashion and the future of
self-expression as a way to look at the
future that is how the ethos of a human
formed what does this mean for the
future we're becoming more and more
integrated with technology socially
through education accessing information
and now incorporating lights and
technology into our bodies and this is
not for function or for medical reasons
it's for appearance at first we were
wary of this kind of technology and the
implications of it but now we seem more
willing than ever to give up our privacy
robots are becoming a reality robot
workers are here our phones know
everything about us and now we're
implementing lights in our skin to look
good it's like we're closer than ever to
reaching the point of singularity the
point of runaway technology growth and
artificial superintelligence at what
point will humans become technology and
technology humans what do you guys think
about this new trend what do you see for
the future if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team like
and subscribe
you
