it's the very first afternoon of the
Conservative Party convention here in
Halifax and I found someone who wants to
end Supply Management where are you from
and why can't you stand Supply
Management well I'm from the Halifax
area and I split my time between Ottawa
and Halifax for work and I'm not
connected in politics as far as a career
goes but why why are you against supply
management so I'm opposed to Supply
Management because it charges as a
consumer we face inflated prices on
basic food items like eggs milk poultry
it limits our choice that's available on
the grocery shelf and for those reasons
it's just not conservative it's it's a
terrible policy that was brought in by
Pierre Elliot Trudeau
in 1972 and no real conservative in good
conscience can support Supply Management
I see that you've been giving out
buttons what is the reception been like
for you as you stand outside this
conference where it is official policy
of the Conservative Party to support
supply management well the reception has
been absolutely phenomenal so there's
there's two types of reception the first
one is from the general membership of
the party
I've actually emptied out three bags
like this one this is my fourth one and
we're just a couple hours into it just a
couple hours into this and anyone that's
connected to the party structure I like
to call the elites of the party
they just snub your nose and and don't
want to look at you and ignore you and
what about the regular people regular
people love it they've been buying
they've been not buying they've been
taking the buttons they've been putting
them on their jackets their backpacks
just running around with them they
really really love them so there is a
motion about supply management that may
or may not make it to the floor what
have you heard about what's going on
with that motion well the feeling that
I've been hearing from the regular
members is that the process
unfortunately sounds like it might be a
fixed process because they only allow
policy resolutions to come to the floor
and Supply Management is number 26 or 27
on the list and they give you a maximum
of three hours to debate policy which
means there's a good chance that the
clock will be run out and supply
management won't even make it to the
floor so we just heard this afternoon
that max Bernier the biggest I guess the
biggest activists within caucus against
Supply Management has left the
conservative caucus and it sounds like
so far he'll sit as an independent what
effect do you think that's going to have
on the movement both within the party
and outside the party to end Supply
Management well I think that the
grassroots membership is ready to end
supply management the problem is is the
party for whatever reason doesn't want
to end it and what I see the effect of
that is it's going to tear the party
apart and I think that it's becoming
more and more likely that we are going
to see a new conservative party that's
most likely going to be created as more
and more members from Newfoundland to
British Columbia give up if the party's
not prepared to move on these basic
conservative ideas you know as an
Alberta I would really hate to see that
we just spent 10 years wandering in the
wilderness with a fractured Conservative
Party do you feel like there was
something that could have been done
before today to prevent supply
management from becoming such a divisive
thing both within caucus but even in our
trade deals with our friends in the
United States most definitely so in
regards to the United States they've
made it very clear that unless Canada
phases out supply management over five
years there will be no NAFTA deal and
you're from Alberta Alberta and
Saskatchewan energy business depends on
trade if we start seeing a tightening of
the border and trade agreements being
thrown out the window because of egg and
milk farmers that is going to do great
harm to Saskatchewan and Alberta energy
sector do you think that there's going
to be another voice
within the party that will sort of do
what Bernier was doing and rallying
people again centralized control of
these agricultural sectors I think it's
unlikely most of the membership of the
Conservative Party as far as elected
representatives not all but a lot of
them are cowards and they're afraid to
speak out and unfortunately the
membership has to accept a party that
wants to give corporate welfare to
General Motors corporate welfare to
Bombardier wants to protect the cartel
like Supply Management they want to
endanger things like NAFTA so if you're
a small government free-market
conservative it doesn't leave you with a
lot of places to call a home with the
three old line parties and so it might
be time to start looking at creating a
new party if on a policy front there's
nowhere to call home you know I I
understand your point but I hope that
there are enough conservative members
from within and maybe some conservative
party MPs that are emboldened enough to
listen to the grassroots to make some
change and I want to thank you so much
for taking the time to discuss supply
management with me today thank you very
much I appreciate that we're here at the
Conservative Party convention in Halifax
we've been banned from reporting but
that hasn't stopped us from coming to
see all of our reports to sign our
petition to ask Andrew Shearer to let us
back in and to cover the cost of our
trip here go to lettuce report calm
you
