I mean just take a look at this just for
example here's George Soros the arch
globalist the key funder for not only
the hard left-wing and the Democrats but
of the shock troops on the left like
anti-fur he wrote remembering John
McCain a brave warrior for Human Rights
who stood up against repression and
torture and at the same time man this is
weird
one of America's largest arms
manufacturers a weapons company called
Lockheed Martin put out a tweet - you
don't see that every day I won't read
the whole thing I'll just you know the
military-industrial complex is saying
goodbye to their their best friend I'm
just gonna read the last letter the last
line of you you will be greatly missed
yeah you bet
it was either the left loved them though
I mean here's Justin Trudeau's comment
calling him a patriot and hero which is
weird because Justin Trudeau hates those
things he's never used those words to
describe things he likes patriot and
hero he never seen uses those words to
describe our own military is now weird
same with Christie Freeland and at the
same time Donald Trump was more reserved
in his own comments I must immediately
Trump tweeted my deepest sympathies and
respect go out to the family of Senator
John McCain our hearts and prayers are
with you it sounds like but the Left
weirdly it was the left and of course
the media pen ston it and said well it
wasn't loving enough it wasn't full of
enough praise for McCain himself it
thoughtlessly focused on the family it's
a weird criticism isn't it and then
immediately came hundreds of cookie
cutter complaints that Trump didn't
lower the flag at the White House long
enough that story actually lived the
flags actually led all the u.s. cable
networks and our the the TV networks
rather and our own Canadian media
thought that piece of us Veck
zoology was newsworthy here here's the
National Post about the White House flag
the CBC was furious about the White
House flag it's funny because the media
party doesn't like the flag most of the
time in the US and that the CBC they're
clearly on the side of the anti-american
NFL football millionaires who take a
knee rather than salute the flag they
hate the flag on the left in Canada we
are literally getting cranes to tear
down statues of our Father confederation
sir Johnny McDonald but we really really
care that the US flag is properly
handled when John McCain dies it doesn't
make any sense in fact is by the way
there's a US law called the u.s. flag
code pretty straightforward when a
senator dies the flag is to be flown at
half-mast on the day of death and the
following day not for a whole week it's
not a month of mourning it's the one day
and the next did did they the left-wing
media did they really love McCain that
much or was it just about bashing Trump
who complied with the flag code that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
