you may think it's odd when
entertainment elites project the
corrosive effects of their own depraved
culture on everyday Americans oh thank
you thank you now it's very important we
must all join in this fight that you
didn't take part in and that we all
created it may also be a bit confusing
when these celebrities movies or music
seem to be completely antithetical to
these causes they're so passionate about
when the cameras are rolling well
another example of hypocrisy comes in
the flavor of the new Halloween movie
and Jamie Lee Curtis I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood Jamie Lee Curtis is an
awesome actress and has played in some
of my favorite movies of all time
including True Lies which is currently
the fifth highest-grossing movie in
weight in the controversial category
wait so now there's a genre for
controversial films and True Lies is
controversial because it's anti-arab so
because the bad guys are terrorists from
the Middle East it's anti-arab well by
that logic I guess Avengers infinity war
was anti alien and Wonder Woman was anti
German anyway Jamie Lee Curtis has been
outspoken about her passion for gun
regulations tweeting things like quote
another school shooting takes us back to
the need for stronger gun legislation
and quote assault weapons ban now
assault weapons ban now and things just
hit the fan tibet when in her latest
movie she plays a woman who is armed to
the teeth with guns to protect herself
from a crazy man
which is something i completely endorse
and i'm assuming they've portrayed the
movie like this because the left is
strategy against home invasion of
wearing a pink hat waving a profanity
ridden sign and screaming love not hate
didn't play as well on camera maybe was
a bit unbelievable and ineffective and
stupid to the criticism Jamie Lee Curtis
responded by saying quote I'm vocal
about common-sense gun safety and gun
laws I fully support an assault weapons
ban I fully support a bomb stock ban she
went on to say I fully support the Bill
of Rights and fully support the Second
Amendment well I am glad that you
clarified because I completely agree
with that last part however I do love
the phrase common-sense gun safety just
ask someone to explain it to you
sometime most the time people think of
salt weapons or machine guns no no those
were banned in the 90s yeah we mean a
ban on semi-automatic gun
you mean when you pull the trigger one
bullet comes out like every handgun and
most shotguns no no we want to bathe us
carry guns those ones you mean rifles
like ar-15 and other hunting rifles of
which according to the failing New York
Times in 2012 killed 322 people in the
United States
altogether I do admire your passion but
maybe you should focus on some things
that are more dangerous to people like
for instance the United States 450
people die every year from falling out
of their beds
I want common sense bed frames only 2
inches off the ground for safety or
auto-erotic asphyxiation which kills 600
people on average we should bend
actually out have no idea how to fix
that or lawnmowers we need common-sense
lawn mower laws like no machines just
goats in every single yard but of course
this doesn't matter and Hollywood will
continue producing sexually explicit
murder porn movies while lecturing us on
sexism and hashtag me toos and they'll
still make movies with heroes wielding
guns to protect themselves honestly I
wish people would just be more honest
and not say one thing without doing any
research into it and then just go make a
couple million dollars glorifying the
very thing they claim to be speaking so
passionately against I've been Davies
this is your Hollywood and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content in the
entire rebel lineup
you
