everybody's trying to tell you how to
talk about things everybody's trying to
tell you what you can say and what you
can't and there are many new rules to do
it whether it's the death of Molly
Tibbets or the death of John McCain
everybody out there's got rules for you
and I've got a suggestion we're paying
the price of illegal alien crime but
wait a minute we're not supposed to talk
about Molly tivitz why aren't we
supposed to talk about Molly Tim that's
two reasons first we're not supposed to
paint a picture of a whole group of
people as criminals just because one of
them does it except didn't we do that
last week on this whole Jacksonville
thing where this creepy anti-trump gamer
guy shot up the place
and suddenly the NRA which he was not a
member of is a terrorist organization
and at fault I guess that's okay but
talking about illegal alien crime isn't
oh here's the other thing some members
of Molly Tibbets family have come out
and they'll post on Facebook and they
say we don't want you to besmirch Molly
Tibbets memory by using her as an
example of illegal alien crime Spock
we are reclaiming her memory wait a
minute how's that work we're now not
supposed to talk about an American
citizen who was murdered because a
relative says she doesn't want us to is
that is that the rule is that the new
rule cuz I'm not sure how this new rule
works I didn't know that a family was
somehow able to morally obligated to not
talk about a significant and important
issue but apparently they do because
because liberals just sort of make up
rules as they go along
rules that always seem to work to
constrain us but never seem to constrain
them
how does this work anyway okay so let's
assume this person to a cousin what if
it's like a second cousin who can assert
it can a first cousin override it what
if a brother says I want you to talk
about how my sister was murdered by
illegal aliens and East nother sister
says I don't want you to talk about how
my sister was murdered by illegal aliens
what's
rule here how does this work it's like
the Insane Clown Posse in magnate's I'm
baffled and why am i baffled because
it's all a lie it's all a scam it's all
designed to shut you up similarly we're
seeing the same kind of thing with the
death of John McCain no John McCain was
a complex individual I hit him hard
while he was alive my choice is to
forgive the things that offended me
about him while he was alive and to
respect the things that he did in
service of his country after his death
and in a wish well first family that's
my choice that's what I plan to do but
the media is out there telling you
you've got to do more you've got to be
angry with Donald Trump because Donald
Trump's not saying enough stuff about
this guy this guy who you know frankly
they hated each other but we're now
supposed to be all upset with Donald
Trump because he is doing a it's being
quiet he's it's not saying anything and
that's bad but of course if he said
something if he said some good he'd be a
hypocrite a liar if he said somebody bad
to be dishonouring the dead and this
whole flag thing about John McCain these
are the same people who just spent the
last year telling us that the most
patriotic thing to do was disrespect the
flag and now we're supposed to raise the
flag and then the loss is this but you
know you're supposed to ignore that and
then and then have a proclamation ad do
you see how it's confusing do you see
how they create new rules about
everything designed to trip you up you
can never be sure you can never be sure
you're not violating some rule if you
don't see the right thing you're the
worst person on earth or if you do say
it you're worst person on earth with
Molly Tibbets if you're talking about or
you're terrible and disrespecting the
dead now wait a minute
Kate Steinle family wants us to talk
about the death of their daughter aren't
we morally obligated to do that
oh of course not because that's
something that conservatives might
support so you see what these new rules
are it's a giant scam it's a giant
correct it's designed to snare you and
wrap you up in
and shoe now I have my own rule are you
ready for it ready brace yourself
how about I do say think and feel
exactly what I damn well please and if
you don't like it you can kiss my ass
join me here twice a week here on
YouTube for free would take that for
Kurt's lick with Kurt Schlichter and go
find me on Town Hall every Tuesday Oh
Monday and Thursday and go get my new
book militant normals is dropping
October get out there on Amazon or
Barnes & Noble or wherever and follow me
on twitter at kurt Schlichter again this
is take that with kurt selector
