during a trip to South Africa British
Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed
her support for South Africa's land
expropriation plans today I'm deeply
deeply ashamed of my country's
government not ashamed of my country
just ashamed of the people that are
running it because Theresa Mays paid a
visit to Cape Town in South Africa and
instead of speaking up about the
expropriation of land owned by white
people she just danced along danced
along with children pretended everything
was fine and even announced plans to
invest more in Africa
all sounds pretty lovely the BBC
reported on this and they said in a
speech in Cape Town she pledged four
billion pounds in support for African
economies to create jobs for young
people she also pledged a fundamental
shift in aid spending to focus on
long-term economic and security
challenges rather than short-term
poverty reduction and then when land
expropriation did come up she said that
Britain supports it as long as it's done
legally were that one out she said the
UK has for some time now supported land
reform land reform that is legal that is
transparent that is generated through a
democratic process it's an issue that I
raised and discussed with president
Ramaphosa when he was in London earlier
this year I'll be talking about it with
him later today so I guess it's fine if
Theresa May says it's fine as long as
it's done legally right even though land
expropriation is a happening in the
first place and be without compensation
so that means by the way without
compensation the people who have had the
land taken away from them they still
have to make payments on their loans
they took out to buy that land they
don't only outright already people are
gonna lose hundreds of thousands be
plunged into debt left homeless often
left without work at all and then when
the left without protection in South
Africa which is a very volatile place
right now especially for white people
it's not unlikely that they could be
murdered by anti white racists on the
street this is serious stuff it's the
kind of thing you'd think a British
government the government of a country
that's historically white would want to
speak up about
and when people express concern about
this they're slammed as racist as I'm
sure I'm gonna be slammed as racist for
saying this
CNN thinks that there was a secret
agenda behind Trump's comments about
land expropriation and many on the Left
deny the fact that there is racial
violence in South Africa at all it's
crazy you know and what I like to reason
may I really do maybe you know it's
weird I want I find myself wanting to
like her maybe it's because I I can
relate to her awkwardness so if you saw
her dancing today
oh yeah young but I can relate to that
and I want to like her and I wish she
was better on greg's it and I wish she
would take issues like this seriously
but honestly her response to land
expropriation in the comments she's made
on the world stage today in South Africa
means that without a doubt she's a
coward and an appeaser
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
