so joining me right now is Alberta
conservative activist Prem Singh now
Prem you're a longtime conservative
activist but you're not just an activist
here sort of starting influential
movements where you see a void for
example you helped found Alberta count
weight which started the Jason Kenney
juggernaut you started having those
conversations before even he did before
we knew that he would be the guy and you
also were influential and starting saved
Calgary so which is fills an amazing
void where I think there's a real
deficit of accountability in municipal
politics where conservatives have sort
of walked off the field but you're
starting something new yes we are what
we learned from Alberta can't wait was
look both the party and the party
establishments were against unity and
sometimes you have to go against what
establishment wants and you have to
break that up and that's what we did we
facilitated and started that structural
change and now we have the UCP and with
respect to save Calgary yeah it's it's a
municipal grassroots watchdog and so I
thought what we need to do is have a
federal grassroots movement and we're a
pretty diverse Bunch I'm the oldest
person and it's our job and what we'd
like to do is train young young people
and we had our initial training program
where it was very we trained them in
political theory but also practical
training they've learned about nation
builder they are all nation builders
certified they've learned about social
media and just advocacy what we would
like to do is educate Canadians across
the board regardless of their
partisanship on issues that they do want
to learn and talk about education
electricity the energy our resources our
forestry all of these issues talk about
borders talk about immigration all the
issues that people on the street
everyday people want to talk about this
whole you know maybe our prime minister
half right when he says diversity is
strength but he's missing the boat on
something it's diversity of thoughts is
our strength and we can't suppress ideas
and we can't surround our parties with
sycophants
we need to be able to have new ideas
fresh ideas break up the establishment
let the next generation come in and
these politicians and our parties they
don't they work for us and we seem to
have it the opposite so it's up to us as
grassroots to unite become educated
become engaged it doesn't matter what
party or what stripe you are but we all
have to get active in and be engaged and
hold our politicians and these parties
to account I do think that when you have
fresh you new ideas and you're able to
talk about them instead of suppressing
them the best always rises to the top
and that's how we're gonna be able to
create change and have bold ideas and
bold policies so we're also doing a
speaker series and we'll have special
guests from across the world we're
excited about our first one it's gonna
be Tucker Carlson on September 22nd so
we're pretty excited and we will have
guests from all across the spectrum
we'll probably have for a year and yes
our biggest thing in sorry I forgot to
mention what it's called Canadians for
democracy and prosperity because I do
believe that Canadians from all walks of
life all want democracy and we all want
prosperity for everybody so we think
it's important to have the grassroots
involved and I think it's important for
this to be a self-sustaining endeavor it
might take us a bit of time to get there
but that is our goal now what I really
hope that your organization does is it
as a conservative I hope it changes the
fact that within this convention today
there are the official conservative
types that think that there are things
that we cannot talk about that we simply
cannot talk about like immigration
levels like Supply Management
to punch back against this idea that
diversity of color is our strength as
opposed to diversity of ideas do you
think that you'll be able to sort of
reset the concern the official
conservative types when you do this
because you do have a history of sort of
forcing official conservatives to hit
the reset button that is our goal I
don't think that we need to be afraid to
speak our mind within reason we're not
out here just because I have a different
thought than you that doesn't make me a
racist or a xenophobe or everything else
that no from your your white
supremacists so you know we have to get
over that hump we have to stop
apologizing and being afraid because
right now we've created our language is
a minefield and whatever we say we're
afraid that we're gonna say something
wrong that's going to upset somebody and
then we're apologizing we need to stop
as Canadians apologizing
stop apologizing for our resources we
need to stand up for ourselves we we
have to we're at a crossroads our
country is and we do have to make a
change if we are going to be competitive
in the world and we have to look out for
our own security our own economy we
can't leave it up to the politicians we
have to demand these things so Prem how
do people get in touch with you how do
they support your new endeavor and how
do they get to go to Tucker Carlson well
they could email us at info at democracy
and prosperity dot CA and otherwise you
can get a hold of me through Alberta
can't wait or save Calgary thanks much
Prem good luck thank you
you
