Alberto was once a beacon of exemplary
education in our delivery and our
outcomes our students excelled today
Albertan parents across the province are
in shock hearing that 40% of grade 9
students failed their provincial
achievement tests in mathematics you
know what I am getting tired of doing
videos about how our education system is
failing students first it was the
left-wing trifecta attacking Alberta's
best performing school Weber Academy
then it was a school assignment in
British Columbia which profiled
right-wingers as misogynistic racists
now well Alberta is on track to soon
have over half of our students unfit to
enter the workforce at one point
Alberta's results in the trends in
international mathematics and science
study outperformed other Canadian
provinces and were on par with other
jurisdictions around the world well life
comes at you fast if these trends
continue through high school than 20,000
of these current grade 9 students 2 and
5 will lack the basic competencies
needed to enter the workforce in any
meaningful capacity who is to blame sure
the original culprit jeff johnson
allison Redford's Minister of Education
is an easy target but who is the greater
fool the fool or the fools who follow
him the success of ministers of
education Gordon Dirk's and David Aegon
are more to blame for not dumping
Johnson's discovery math disaster
especially after they have seen these
outcomes what has clearly compounded the
issue is the NDP's obsessive focus on
everything that is not related to core
education in our schools
why have GSA's dominated the provincial
education conversation for the past half
decade it seems as though Minister Aegon
will do whatever he can to shift the
conversation away from his disastrous
record of attacking religious schools
and free-falling report card grades
tomorrow's workers will be
underachieving NPCs ideologically
homogeneous road blocking our ability to
be world leaders in innovation
but that is what the NDP want more
minimum-wage unemployed Albertans to
flock to social programs in any normal
government failed ministers are replaced
but not this one the pool of backbench
talent is barely ankle-deep premier
Notley nobody will blame you if you look
outside the legislature for a new
Minister of Education our children need
it and the future of Albertan depends on
it every school year that passes every
day every class Albertans students are
falling behind this cannot wait we need
a Minister of Education whose sole focus
is giving students the tools to learn
grow and succeed the rebel is going to
fund a billboard in Edmonton just like
the one we did with Kathleen Wynne
outside her constituency office
you might recall when the rebel viewers
helped us crowd fund this amazing
billboard in Ontario if we can raise
enough money we are going to do the same
thing in Alberta but this time we are
going to put it on the back of a truck
and drive it around heck if we raise
enough money we might be able to put one
up right in front of David Aikens office
itself it will be calling for the
removal of Minister Aegon as Minister of
Education for his abysmal record on and
off the report card you can donate to
the cause at WWF fire again CA this is
my first campaign like this so hopefully
we can get a huge showing anything you
can chip in will help for the rebel
media this is Qian vestibule thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed the coverage
if you did be sure to subscribe for
future updates we will keep you posted
as the campaign to fire David egg and
develops
you
