and Russia herb and rebel reporters from
covering the Conservative Party
convention in Halifax of course that
didn't stop us from going both Sheila
Gunn read and me not only to do
journalism but also to meet hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of rabble fans in
person including at our jam-packed
hospitality room nearly ten thousand
Conservative Party members also signed
our petition to Andrew Shearer demanding
that we be allowed to report on the
conventions she refused to yield to his
own party members in fact he refused to
even let us deliver the petition to a
party staffer he sends a student intern
working for the convention center along
with seven security guards to stop us
from even entering the building to give
them the petition that's a bit off-key
for a conservative who claims to be for
free speech or for the grassroots as
sure does but of course the liberal CBC
was welcomed right in the convention
itself was a mixed bag Maxine Bernier
quit the Conservative Party the day
before the convention accusing his
victorious leadership rival and we sure
are being soft on conservative issues
especially the dairy cartel that
sometimes called Supply Management
unfortunately Shearer did his best to
prove Bernie a right by cutting off
debate on the subject and then partying
with the 25 dairy lobbyists who attended
the convention one of those lobbyists
left his confidential briefing book at a
restaurant and its contents were
shocking including a memo saying that
Andrew Shearer guaranteed that he'd
protect the dairy Lobby even if
grassroots conservatives voted against
it in their policy debates who wasn't
good by the time the weekend was over a
public opinion poll showed that Bernie's
proposed new party wouldn't likely win
many seats but it could be a spoiler for
Shearer slicing off enough votes
dividing the right till that Trudeau win
again next year without mass so what
should we do
we at the rebel and we broadly as
Canadian conservatives well we keep
fighting for our principles that's what
you know our first motto if the rebel
was fearless and that's what we've got
to be we're not afraid of the dairy
Lobby that's for sure but we're also not
afraid of the media party or anyone who
calls us mean
because for example were against extreme
multiculturalism or unlimited unvetted
immigration I sense that Andrew Shearer
is afraid of a lot of things like that
that's why he's so wobbly well we're
lucky we can be braver than him because
we don't have to worry about how the
media covers us we are the media - and
that's my promise to you is rebel
viewers I believe that defeating Justin
Trudeau should be the top priority of
all Canadian conservatives in 2019 it
should also be achievable it should be
given how weak Trudeau is a series of
gaps and the slowing Canadian economy we
know that Doug Ford just won so it's
possible for consumers to break through
with a strong brave message even in
Ontario defeating Trudeau is job one but
that's not going to happen if Andrew
Shearer is weak so our job continues to
be to help Shearer find his courage
somewhere by making the case for truly
conservative ideas especially on things
like open borders immigration that he's
obviously afraid of we'll try to pull
him to the right given how many media
are pulling him to left will keep
speaking up for grassroots conservatives
who actually are conservatives if we
succeed and make Andrew Shearer into a
real conservative that's great
but if not we'll still be here fighting
hard during Trudeau's disastrous second
term keeping the conservative flame
alive until someone more courageous
comes along whoever that will be because
we only answer to you our viewers thank
you for chipping in to cover the airfare
and rooms for Sheila and me and our two
staff to attend Halifax it was important
that we were there to fly the flag for
the rebel if you like what we did and
want to help keep us strong please visit
rebel Halifax calm you can see all our
videos that we recorded there and you
can also click on our crowdfunding page
to cover our costs Justin Trudeau wants
us to shut up and unfortunately and
you're here does do well so what we
won't and with your support we'll be
around for a lot longer fighting for
conservative values please visit rebel
Halifax calm they see all our videos and
to join us thank you you can get the
left-wing propaganda from the CBC or you
can find out what really happened in
Halifax go to rebel Halifax calm
you
