Bradford is one of those cities you hear
about it a lot it used to be one of the
most violent cities in the UK it's also
very divided city there is a heavy
Muslim population and a heavy British
white British population that keeps
themselves to themselves I'm here in
Bradford to find out firsthand on the
ground what it's like living in Bradford
just how isolated it is with some people
living a preffered and what the real
problems are here amongst the community
that is so very diverse and yet not
truly multicultural because they keep
themselves to themselves Bradford has
one of the highest Muslim populations in
the country I came here to see what they
thought of Boris Johnson's comments
about the face veil that it makes women
look ridiculous or like a postbox or
bank robber some people said he should
be kicked out of the Conservative Party
what do you think - that looks perfectly
as I would expect look a very honored
respectful lady of a household
she's not a youngster that's gonna
reveal herself as yourself off to catch
his eye she's more taming her own little
world now and she's looking after own
household and own sort of family and
she's happy that way stronger strength
yeah but most people in Bradford didn't
want to talk about the words of some
politician in London they have far more
pressing concerns more real worries much
closer to home so that was one of the
things I was gonna mention was agreement
as I say it's not obvious things that
you see which has been to Dacian factors
they been sworn up like this like that
down upon which you know sticks and
stones
should be shoulders yeah what piece of
shit white trash why you know what won't
whatever white bastards might
motherfucker excuse my language but you
know get cold in the street there's
certain areas and say if you if you
drive along there where he's live with
their mother I was told when I moved to
that area you do not go to lock on you
doing
goto there's a particle Devin Parkman
Keithley you do not under any
circumstance could go to that area yeah
now I so Todd by Mike's wife you don't
go there laughter it shook my shoulders
I'm from the big city I'm from you know
lead so I'm you know I wasn't - by the
way I grew up he was not like that at
all that there's issues around the area
that there's a certain group be careful
have been approached stay clear stay
away be quiet
head down walk on there's a real problem
here with majority Pakistani Muslim rape
squads grooming girls across the city
they have the fast cars used drugs as
baked and traffic girls across the
country for sex on August 15
detectives here at West Yorkshire Police
charged 31 individuals with offenses
related to the trafficking of children
and the rape of children there are a
further 12 individuals who cannot be
named for legal reasons and the list of
the things they've been charged with
charged with two counts of a rape of a
girl aged 13 to 15 charged with the
attempted rape of a girl aged 13 to 15
charged with five counts of rape of a
girl aged 13 to 15 and these are the
things parents in Bradford have been
talking to me about one father Simon
even moved his daughters away from a
school in Bradford because he could see
the young girls being picked off at the
gate to be quite honest the area that
their mother lives in I refuse to go to
high school in the area because it's
grooming is a serious issue so I ended
up with another property to that extreme
and this is a city that is clearly
divided by color and religion as you
drive about the division is stark and
saddening in equal measures most people
live exclusively amongst their own kind
in ghettos of sorts creating no-go zones
for outsiders where the police also
steer clear Hilary has lived in the city
all her life
own son was groomed by the gangs to work
for them and as we spoke it was clear
she lost her faith in this place a long
time ago yes yes exactly it's almost
like it's become I don't know it's
almost as if having spoken to a number
of people Hilary it's almost as if
people have become more militant in how
they expect their their people to be all
their women to be certainly let there
seems to be a very moderate group of
Muslims that live in Bradford and want
to live happily just like you do just
like other families do that I've met and
then there's a much more hardcore
extreme bunch that seemed to be very
demanding and want to be very harsh
about the way that they're living as
Muslims in Bradford and the more people
heard I was in the city and I tweeted
that I was there the more people wanted
to talk the BBC demanded to know exactly
what I thought I was doing speaking to
their people in their town let's talk
about the good stuff the bad stuff and
let's get some real truths of the people
back in the media you do not hear
anymore you don't get reporting out and
about around the country the good places
I live as well a place called the rest
of the UK we just don't see enough
people so I'm here later on today I were
having lunch with a lady in her cafe
it's run by a Muslim lady who owns the
cafe successful businesswoman in
Bradford hearing her story I've just
been to Leeds to speak to a father who's
had to move his children from the school
because of the grooming gangs plucking
off girls outside the school gates and
sometimes with the BBC and others you're
not prepared to talk about certain
topics and that's why I think someone
like me is needed in these places - how
I'll talk about the stuff other people
are afraid to say in truth I found
Bradford to be a city with a big heart
and I loved the young fun energy about
the place
lovely to zeem sawara got in touch with
me she's a proud businesswoman and
mother
originally from Pakistan she's recently
opened a new cafe in a local church
creating honest Pakistani food that
tastes just like home she invited me to
share time with her at her business run
by women and putting females first so
when we got your order it's my time to
see the roots of my rewards but away
from the happy stories of positivity and
success there is a dark truth in this
city
the number one problem prioritized by
all the people I met and spent time with
there was
you're one of the rooms you are
responsible and oh yeah 200 needles if
you come around say a car wash for
example and I don't mean that hand wash
I mean you know you will see these the
kasra was pristine all these high cars
because they go through that many bloody
car washes because they meet people they
jump in the car and go through the car
wash then remarkably this I could get
out and and off the truck so it deals
being done yeah it just kind of passing
you know whatever wealth nobody see I'm
an addict myself so I understand that
culture mines been an addiction for like
36 years you got you've got shops around
blood for that sell drugs to kids and
you know I mean soy is everywhere at mom
and it's right down in Bradford I think
kids should do it
because all my mates at school that do
it for a bit of fun that you're gonna
laugh to impress over kids now they
should do it because it could affect
them later on your life like my Mitch
she does it for fun just to show off
that she I am I in what and it just in
terms of drugs that are maybe availab
I'm not trying to specifics about your
friends or anything but the sorts of
drugs that your friends or people you
know might be taking what sort of drugs
do they have school she's not old and
I'm not don't mention any names but how
old are we talking about the Tate's
heroin 14 15 years old you know there's
no one picture to paint of Bradford it's
a complicated place made up of the
truths of half a million people trying
to go about their lives but I can't help
feeling that in the battle between good
and evil here in Bradford it's the dark
forces of drugs that have got the upper
hand
I came here to Bradford to talk to
people about Boris Johnson's comments
about the face fair I wanted to know
what Muslim women think but you know the
people of Bradford don't want to talk
about that what some MP says in London
doesn't really matter they've got much
more pressing issues what the people
here in Bradford are worried about are
in gangs picking off their daughters
from the school gates they're worried
about places that they can't go and the
police simply refuse to operate in and
they're worried about the number one
industry in this former mill town the
problem of drugs
you
