hey guys look up his quest fight live
hope you had a good weekend a lot to
talk about unfortunately I've got to
start with this tragic shooting in
Jacksonville Florida really really bad
stuff and I want to talk a lot about
that this morning also going to talk
about also going to talk about Senator
John McCain and you know president
nighted States getting a lot of flack a
lot of flack for not giving John McCain
personal accolades president put out a
what I thought was a very appropriate
and professional and respectful
statement of the McCain family president
didn't put out heaping praise on John
McCain John McCain really didn't like
the president very much President didn't
like John McCain very much and I also
want to talk about the president's
approval ratings in light of his bad
week with Cohen and man afford it might
surprise you but first on of this
Jacksonville shooting I'm also trying to
you see me playing on the keyboard here
I'm tweeting out the show because a lot
of people don't get notifications hey if
you have not gotten a notification of
the show via YouTube via the rabble let
me know I want to make sure there are no
issues so if you could just throw in the
chatbox that you have a name good
morning everybody I'm glad see everybody
coming in but everybody here if you
haven't been notified about the show
going live or about the show being on do
me a favor and put it on there okay so
some people are getting it okay good
good good good I want to make sure
YouTube isn't messing with us so good
stuff and then I want to tweet the show
out a little bit more this is going to
be a lot to talk about here I think
we're a lot of people are going to get
upset when they see just how ridiculous
some of these calls from the left are so
alright we got this shooting in
Jacksonville terrible shooting in
Jacksonville and first thing left does
right is they're calling for what gun
control gun control gun control bigwig
says he never gets notification okay
good you guys are getting notifications
awesome awesome so
guy goes into the we know the story by
now videogame tournament in Jacksonville
guy goes into the game bar
it's a madman tournament NFL football
video games pretty pretty big one
apparently gamers from all over the
world
one of the guys I'm not gonna say his
name I'm not giving killers any more
attention sorry he decides that because
he loses the tournament he snaps and he
decides gonna kill people so he shoots
two younger guys a guy from West
Virginia named Kelly Robinson Robertson
who left behind a wife and young child
and a younger guy from California
Eli Clayton Robinson was 27 years old he
like Clayton 22 years old and you can
see you like Clayton in those videos
that are out there he's the young black
guy in the red sweatshirt with the laser
dot on his chest this lunatic targeted
him with a laser and so you know on the
handgun and that's where we'll begin the
debunk the left's narrative the guy used
a handgun
all right common handgun now that's not
even the worst part of this for the left
and I hate politicizing this but it's
already been politicized immediately I
started seeing calls for more gun laws
here in Florida well it happened in
Jacksonville and Florida's gun laws are
easy and even after Parkland nobody did
anything about Florida's gun laws ababab
was all token it was window dressing
Florida's gun laws Florida gun laws
doesn't matter
doesn't matter where the shooting took
place doesn't matter that the tournament
was in Jacksonville the guy the killer
drove down from Baltimore with the gun
in his car he drove down from Baltimore
with the gun in his vehicle all right
Maryland is some of the most restrictive
gun laws in the United States outside of
New York City and parts California this
guy was just a nut so all of these calls
when you're hearing the politicians and
the left-wing media and the gun
activists rant and rave about Florida's
gun laws they're lying to you floor
his gun laws had nothing whatsoever to
do with this tragedy nothing nothing the
guy stuck a gun in his car in Maryland
and drove to Florida retrieved the gun
from his vehicle got back in the got
back into the game bar area where they
were playing and started shooting people
up now Millenial freelance associates
says lack of proper security protocol is
a major if it sounds good to say but
come on we don't live in a police state
we're not gonna clamp down and lock down
with armed security a video game
tournament all right at school yes but
by this logic we should have one-way
access points to shopping malls and
concert venue we don't live that way
when you when you live that way you let
the savages win you'll it when you live
that way you'll let the savages win but
going back so again this is nothing to
do with gun laws so then we got to look
at what it has to do with well what we
know limit you know information is
limited at this point but we know Pablo
Inferno has a handgun we don't know what
kind of handgun was used yet what we
know is that from his parents divorce
records this guy had what was described
had what was described as extensive
medical needs we don't know if any of
those are psychological we probably
won't because here in the States your
medical records are among the most
lockdown records HIPAA and other laws
are very very prohibitive when it comes
to accessing medical records all right
so could very well be this guy in the
history of psychological problems as a
kid or physical problems that made them
a bit of a nut as an adult but again
those things might not have disqualified
him from buying a firearm in Maryland
nor should they have see here's the
thing this is a tragic incident parkland
was a tragic incident but I know I'm
gonna get flamed for saying this by the
left and the centrist
look at the number of victims you got to
look at the number of perpetrators and
between parkland and this to two bad
guys you don't enact sweeping public
policy that affects 330 million
Americans mmm because two bad guys
jumped off and went Savage you don't do
that I'm not a fan of gun control
because it doesn't work now everybody
say most a gun-free zone it was a
gun-free zone it was I get that I get
that that tired old argument we know
gun-free zones don't work we know bad
guys ignore that we know that but it's
also inconceivable that the gamers would
have been armed and even if they were
they had on headsets facing their
consoles chances are they would have
been able to react quickly enough would
it have been great if there was some
other armed people there may be people
hanging out people watching to stop this
guy yes yes now two deaths is a tragedy
but let's just be thankful it wasn't 22
but that's of little consolation to the
families of Robertson and Clayton and so
our thoughts and prayers go out to them
this guy's a bad guy guy came from a
relatively upper middle-class family his
dad worked for NASA
his mom is this very senior official of
the Food and Drug Administration
but again the conspiracy beers are gonna
come out of the woodwork it was like
government plot is dad wasn't at NASA he
was at the FBI CIA and his mom was at
the FBI no no all that craziness no no
no no no it's just a guy who appears to
have been a nut but let's also look at a
secondary possible cause it was a
millennial it's 24 years old that
generation has been taught there's no
really there's really no such thing as
losing you never actually lose everybody
gets a participation trophy
everybody everybody gets trophy and if
you lose you go protest you stamp your
feet and you're screaming the hell
so this guy's been taught he's entire
life because of the generational issues
we have that you don't lose you don't
have to be the best to win that if you
lose you could throw a tantrum and
you're supposed to get your way but he
did it now people at the tournaments or
are saying that that a you know engage
with this guy cuz apparently spit on the
tournament circuit for a while he was a
pretty good player people are saying you
know he was a complete loner he didn't
want to talk to anybody he wouldn't make
friends with anybody
alright the writing was on the wall but
again we live in a free country just
because you're a dick who doesn't want
to talk to people that does not pass the
Second Amendment test to ban you or bar
you from owning firearms it just doesn't
it just does it and so these things will
happen I don't mean to sound Cavalier
but in a nation where you have civil
liberties where you care about
individual rights you're gonna have
tragedies when a person stamps you're
just going to just it is what it is
there's nothing you're ever gonna do
about that nothing and it's not a a good
thing it's not a bad thing it's terribly
tragic thing when this happens but I'm
talking about giving individual
liberties to people that might be
questionable it's what we do it's
America what we do now the police are
going to engage in a a long
investigation I spoke to some people
yesterday including an FBI agent I know
up in Jacksonville the FBI was called in
it's just it's a big crime scene a
process you know 14 total shot including
the guy who killed himself the bad guy
two dead plus the bad guy dead 11 others
shot you've got a very large crime scene
to process in detail so it was all hands
on deck all hands on deck and there
a lot of video of this shooter of what
went on that day and again terribly
terribly tragic what happened here they
were competing in this tournament for a
five thousand dollar prize it was about
a hundred and what does it say here 125
thousand dollars in prize money to be
distributed out evenly now luckily other
people you know that was shot
we're just wounded they were grazed it's
it's really a miracle by the grace of
God by the grace of God that these
people were not more seriously hurt so
thank God they weren't but again I've
been very very upset with what I see as
these calls for gun control it's simply
moronic and the knee-jerk reactions the
knee-jerk reactions from people who
aren't reading the fact pattern of the
case who are saying Florida's gun laws
were easy Florida thought it happened in
Jacksonville now no terrible terrible
that they're using that they're that
they're running on such a terrible
terrible premise because this guy got
the gun in Baltimore in Baltimore all
right or Maryland somewhere in Maryland
others in Baltimore or he could have
bought the gun illegally he could have
bought the gun illegally I'm just
checking in more recent details on the
case and not seeing not seeing not
seeing any new information now what we
already have now already being attacked
by liberals on fate on Twitter because I
point out the guy is from Maryland
they're saying that the facts are
unrelated the facts are unrelated and of
course Democrats in Florida Democrats in
Florida are calling for more restrictive
gun laws in Florida in Florida redic
your story from Politico a story from
Politico here it starts from more Caputo
another mass shooting in Florida
re-injected the issue of firearms and
estate politics
two days before the gubernatorial
primaries it also served as a stark
reminder I'm trippin around story that
the issue of gun control won't go away
in Florida politics two Democratic
contenders for governor Jeff green and
Philippine have used the Parkland kids
use of parkland survivors and paid TV
ads anand david jolly
who was a fake republican congressman
the guy is far left is using this
tragedy using this tragedy
to try to push more gun laws in florida
it's simply moronic Democrats are ghouls
they really are ghouls Democrats in
Florida know full well the fact pattern
in this case they don't think I came
down from Maryland with the gun but
they're so hell-bent so hell-bent on
ripping civil liberties from Floridians
I'm one ripping civil liberties from
Freudians at the lie they'll ignore the
fact pattern so we're gonna get more
into this case later in the week as more
information becomes available but I want
to jump over to another guy here was a
fake Republican and that Senator John
McCain who passed away this week and now
look I'm torn on this one the man died
he went through a terrible terrible
horrible disease brain cancer no one
should have to endure that I feel for
his family but I don't think John McCain
was a particularly good guy I don't
think John McCain cared all that much
about Americans I think John McCain
cared about his agenda and sure we can
honor his military service we can feel
for his family and even for him that he
had to endure that terrible terrible
disease but I'm not gonna be one of
those phonies that's up here saying he
was a maverick and an American Hero
and America's poorer but John McCain has
gone it no I
john mccain with a very selfish man in
the last year of his life he held on to
that senate seat instead of giving the
people's seat back to the people he held
on to that senate seat
you thought it was his seat and now
there are calls from his cronies to give
the seat to his wife as if a senate seat
it's hereditary it's not i think john
mccain did terrible things for america
he went to bat again for his buddy obama
and he kept obamacare in place just to
spite donald trump and conservatives we
know that john mccain is the one who
gave the dossier this field dossier to
certain members of federal law
enforcement he helped push this thing
along we know that john mccain was
behind the IRS targeting insurgent
conservative groups who were rising up
against the establishment it wasn't
democrats it was john mccain working
with the obama administration he was one
of their best allies so sure we can say
and I could say rest in peace john
mccain and we feel for your family which
is very much what donald trump did but
establishment media people like britt
hume and others right over at fox news
well the president has yet to say
anything personally nice about mccain
why would he mccain hated his guts
tried to topple his presidency since day
one he'll since before he was elected
why is anybody obligated to say anything
personally nice about anybody who dies
why i don't understand that I don't
understand that you can be respectful
look I didn't think John McCain was a
particularly nice person I think he was
a terrible senator in the end he did the
bidding of Democrats he despised
insurgent conservatives but I can say
that while also saying it was a very
tragic thing for his family to endure a
horrific thing for him as a human being
to endure and I wish he hadn't had to
endure it and I wish his family wasn't
grieving and going through the pain they
are you don't have to
you don't exalt somebody you don't think
make them deity when they die you could
be intellectually honest about who they
are while being respectful you could say
that John McCain's military service was
honorable
while his time in the Senate was a
disaster especially in the last few
years the man didn't like Liberty here
my buddy Jared chambers says John McCain
was open for the for his hatred of
Liberty minded Republicans from Tea
Party to Rand Paul to trumpet drum
supporters why should I respect him more
than he did me in those like me exactly
exactly 100% spot-on Jared exactly John
McCain was instrumental and all of the
strife we have right now in this country
so I'm not gonna sit here and do what a
lot of the phonies out there doing
people that criticize them oh he's the
greatest man in the world the greatest
man in the world the greatest man look
he was a husband and a dad and a
military aviator I can respect all that
and and you know call out his career in
the Senate and critique with an open
with an open eye
Jonathan Bryan it asked me to purge the
anti-semitic trolls on here yeah I am my
producers should really be doing that I
don't know where normally they're on the
ball with this they should be deleting
those question hard for me to bring I
got to bring you the show so hopefully
they'll get window what's going on start
banning them I agree with you just
ignore the trolls don't feed the trolls
that's why I don't call him out and
going back to McCain so a lot of these a
lot of people like I said I'll say Cindy
McCain Geraldo Rivera Cindy McCain
should have his seat Cindy McCain white
because she was his wife that's the
people see who do the people want to
fill that seat the people of the state
of Arizona that's their seat it's not
John McCain's seat in the Senate I don't
care how long he borrowed it from the
people of Arizona same way when they
called it Ted Kennedy's seat up in
Massachusetts oh you're gonna put a
Republican and Ted Kennedy seat that Ted
Kennedy seat wasn't it was the people
see it's ridiculous Jeff Flake is out
john mccain passed away and I'll say
r.i.p well the consequence of that might
be Arizona might actually now have two
Republican senators two conservative
senators but I don't think Gale Cosman
says mrs. McCain would not be able to
take his seat legally she certainly can
she can certainly be appointed to that
seat when uh Sonny Bono of Sonny and
Cher he was a very conservative
Republican from California when he died
his wife Mary Bona took over his seat
well no one can claim a seat he mocks no
but they want her to be appointed
hangman John Ruth says with flake and
McCain gone what do I think will happen
in Arizona in midterms I think Arizona
is finally gonna have two red seats
because Lincoln McCain certainly we're
not conservatives you know look you
don't want to merge people but I think
that like I said we would be
disingenuous I would be not pointing out
a lot of the damage McCain did to this
country John McCain wanted to see a
shooting war with Russia before he died
he wanted american young american troops
to be killed in combat against russian
troops so that his friends in the
military defense industries could get
rich and that he could die with even
more power so i i'm sorry i i don't know
how to come out and I can't say anything
personally nice about the man and quite
frankly I I didn't hear over the years I
had dealings with his staff they didn't
even like him many on a staff but he
just wasn't known as a nice man he was
known as a very I'm gonna leave it at
that
I'm gonna leave it at that and there's a
lot of misconceptions about the USS
forrestal I will blame a lot of things
on John
mccain but he had nothing to do with
that
that's another moronic conspiracy theory
it's you know you want to criticize
anybody conservative liberal democrat
republican do homework critique with
facts don't rely on a meme or a story
spread by a website that claims to be
real but isn't do some background
research do some background research
because it's not yeah I mean he had
nothing to do with that and when you
start when you start a viewing nonsense
you lose authority in your argument
people laugh at you PD five cases you
mean memes are on the front line for
leading breaking news shocker
shocker isn't it but no they're not all
right let's see we're gonna have to
start blocking some trolls well let's
just hide them all we don't even call
him out we just hide their comments
Heather she knows starting to blame race
for a troubled mental part well I don't
even we talking about their but the what
do you call that I think that with the
Jacksonville shooting we got a look at
race I think we don't have to look at
race we got to look at his medical
history we got a look at his medical
history like I said in the divorce
record that said he had extensive
medical needs we got to know some of
those of psychological gun controllers
that wouldn't have mattered wouldn't
matter all right so we got through that
we got through John McCain we to come
back to all this in your comments the
big news for me well a lot of big news
but a piece of big news for me are
Donald Trump's approval ratings they're
steady there's
steady Americans don't care Americans
simply do not care about pulmonic Matta
40 michael cohen don't care
lanny davis had to walk back his
comments that cohen at all those damning
information on donald trump
cohen had all this info that donald
trump was aware of the trump tower
meeting liar a Michael Cohen and his
liar lawyer were caught in another lie
his liar lawyer Lanny were caught in
another lie nobody cares look I tell you
this all the time Americans care about
money safety and family they care about
their bottom line and is their family
okay they don't care about Paul Manafort
some rich guy trying to hide money from
the government twelve years ago it don't
care
the average American did not sit down
this weekend it not going to their
backyard grill up some hot dogs sit down
with their family open a beer and say we
really kids we've really got to sit down
and talk about Paul Manafort and whether
or not we can still support President
Trump I know dad's doing better I know
less money's coming out of dads paycheck
dad got that bonus we're going to Disney
World next week getting mom a new car
you guys can have the toys you wanted
Christmas gonna be really good this year
my company's doing great dad's getting a
raise but ethically and morally his
family can't support Donald Trump this
family's gonna vote Democrat because
Paul Manafort was convicted and he
worked for Donald Trump for four months
I mean now it's just dumb just dumb the
average American family couldn't care
less where that same dad Michael Cohen
pled guilty he pled guilty pain of a
porn star no see nobody's having this
conversation with their kids it's not
happening that's why Trump's approval
ratings are static Americans are
Americans are our pragmatic people they
care about their bottom line they don't
care about this craziness
this silliness they simply do not care
at all at all at all I mean really do
you think black approval of Trump is up
to 36% black unemployment at an all-time
low do you think that black single mom
who's now got the job she wanted who's
making a little more money who can move
out of that bad area into a nice area
she's saying to her family I'm gonna
give up this job guys we're gonna go
back to the bad neighborhood because
because Michael komen paid off stormy
Daniels and we can't we just can't have
this lack of morality mm-hmm surrounding
the Oval ah oh nobody cares the only
people that care is sanctimonious
unhinge leftist and sanctimonious fake
conservative never Trump errs Bill
Kristol and the Weekly Standard crew
care on their cruise it's just dumb
nobody cares people care about their
bottom line no with that guy grilling
the hotdogs and cracking the beer is
saying is god bless america
screw you NFL players for taking a knee
I love this country thank God we finally
have a president that identifies with
regular Americans in fact the media is
so unhinged about these Trump approval
ratings let me read your tweet a series
of tweets let's see I put up this
morning all right
so Eman Siegfried from he writes
commentary in the New York Times put out
a tweet last night that said the number
of Americans identifying his Republican
has dropped over 15 million people
nearly 20 percent since Trump took
office that in response to its reach
from Trump that approval among
Republicans is high so Harlan Hill at
have you don't Harlan but he's a
surrogate for the president he sits on
the media advisory board for the prep
for the reelect campaign and he's a
commentator at Fox News Harlan said Evan
what he tweeted Evan what you're saying
is false in fact
it isn't even remotely true GOP party
affiliation is up from 27 percent to 28
percent from November 2016 to today
democratic party affiliation is down 31
percent to 27 percent from November 2016
to today so actually one percent more
people identify as Republicans than they
do Democrats one percent more the rest
in the identify as independent non party
affiliated a third party Democrats are
very very nervous they thought they
truly thought man afforded Michael Cohen
we're gonna be the end of Trump it was
gonna be the end of his presidency
everything was going to go out and blaze
a glory his whole the president is gonna
crumble the house of cards is gonna come
crumbling down
no because Americans don't care look
like seven people around Bill Clinton
went to jail before the 96 election
Clinton won in a landslide 379 electoral
votes for Clinton 159 for Bob Dole and
that was I mean people just simply
couldn't care less people simply
couldn't care less you do right by an
Americans family they're gonna be by
your side they're gonna be with you
they're gonna back you up it's just the
way it is just the nature of the beast
just what it is let's see I'm gonna go
start scrolling through take some of
your comments Wow we got a lot today a
lot of people don't like John McCain a
lot of people don't like John McCain and
look I understand why I mean this wasn't
a guy who seemed to represent his
constituency I've always thought it was
very weird the way John McCain handled
the 2008 election I spoke to people on
both his and Sarah Palin's team I've got
to know Sarah Palin pretty well over the
years and I really like Sarah she's a
a good good person a great person one of
the nicest people you'll ever meet
so knowing people on her team knowing
people that were on McCain's 2018 team
what I found out and I feel like McCain
through the 2008 election like he wanted
Obama he find things out when you start
poking around like John McCain was in
possession for a long time of the
picture with Obama and Farrakhan he knew
about Obama and Farah Khan's longtime
relationship he prohibited his team from
using that information told his team
absolutely not you're not allowed to use
it that's problematic he had a lot of
damning opposition research on Barack
Obama he would not let his team or
Palin's team use any of it
why if you truly wanted to win the
election if you weren't part of the
Cabal to have this socialist young
globalist socialists come in and disrupt
things
why didn't you Kane effectively stopped
campaigning in September of 2008 why
didn't he use any of that opposition
research and why when he got to Congress
did he often break ranks and go with
Democrats that's not a maverick no
that's somebody who's running is an AR
to hold on to his seat in a red area red
state but really in his heart a D his
vote to keep Obamacare was terrible
terrible it was a terrible thing to do
to the nation terrible thing to do to
the nation and again like I said at the
top of the show well middle at the top
of the show I said I don't I think what
McCain did in his last year of life was
very very selfish very selfish holding
on to that seat holding on to that seat
wasn't his seat to hold on knew it was
the people seat
it was the people seat
now people are talking about Cohen and
impeachment look if Donald Trump had
anything to hide and I truly believe
this forget that I'm a trump supporter
forget that I often back the president
up on the show throw all that out the
window put all that aside all right
the President of the United States would
not have waived all privilege personal
and executive to let Don Magan the White
House Counsel sit with the special
counsel Robert Muller's team for 30 plus
hours of debriefing if he had anything
to hide president united states would
have fought much harder legally man's a
billionaire he could have afforded
personal lawyers from Natalie end of his
term he would have fought much harder to
have Cohen's material privileged
privileged he would have fought much
harder to have Cohen's material not
disclosed he would have taken this to
the Supreme Court he's got nothing to
hide
Michael Cohen is nothing on him and I
believe the the liberal left is
salivating right salivating there
talking about Oh David pecker the head
of American media the parent company of
the UH that's like why are they
he got immunity they raided his safe
this didn't happen last week it happened
about three weeks a month ago he was
given immunity to help bring down
Michael Cohen not Donald Trump the
mainstream media concoct a false
timeline for you I don't believe I don't
believe the president has anything to
worry about
hmm boy he's not worried Muller is
grasping at straws none of this none of
this has a shred of a thing to do with
Russia collusion none of it none of it
let's see so somebody wrote every man
his vices we tell you this I don't care
who a president screws I don't care
who a president sleeps with her has
affairs with don't care
didn't really care when Bill Clinton did
it didn't care if Obama did it didn't
care if Bush did it don't care the Trump
does it if you do a good job in your job
I care
I would rather Obama have slept with 40
women and been conservative they've been
the most faithful man in the world and
the socialist that he is I just don't
care and that's the thing I don't care
and in the the left the left is uh they
just they have nothing they've got
nothing what's their message open
borders crime let me grab your guns
let me take money out of your paycheck
let me impose socialized health care on
you and let's make the United States
communist again that's their message so
all they've got are these his
histrionics these temper tantrums oh my
god Donald Trump is terrible oh my god
somebody doesn't like my t-shirt happy
infidel foxes John is wearing a very
cheesy t-shirt no I'm not miss story
let's see mysterious stranger says John
McCain was a war hawk a puppet of the
military-industrial complex that's where
you're wrong
he was a war hawk the
military-industrial complex was his
puppet McCain was the gatekeeper
his committee votes mattered he was
their guy he wasn't a puppet they were
his stooge they were his bitch he ran
things with an iron fist
don't underestimate McCain let's see hmm
Pro Trump errs understand the hypocrisy
and corruption by Dems the coup and the
goal to take down a president by Paddy
willing yeah that's exactly it
what I think is more than just Pro
Trumper
I think it's more than just pro-trump
errs I think it's uh independence
realize that as well right leaning
independence and true down the middle
independence but very close friends are
right down the middle independent and
she says this is such nonsense
she's voting for Trump again and she's
voting Republican in the midterms
because she's upset with the Dems and
that all said I do think we're in danger
of losing the house in the midterms
unless something turns around very
quickly I really do I think we're in
danger of losing the house in the
midterms this weirdo is still annoyed
about my shirt poor thing well I don't
know let's see let's say let's see who
didn't like my shirt somebody else okay
Patti willing to the entire Moeller
investigation was begun in a fake
dossier look Muller should be shut down
for a hundred and fifty reasons okay
more powers is about Jacksonville where
was the event security where the no
guards the door with a no guards
scanning people why we don't live that
way in America you go to a videogame
tournament you don't get scanned through
metal detectors this is not some
dystopian communist country no we don't
live that way what are we gonna do start
scanning people every time they go to a
building I don't want to live that way
Benjamin Franklin knows who would
sacrifice essential Liberty for a little
temporary safety deserve neither liberty
nor safety remember that remember that
hmm let's say let's keep going
here aha
good morning everybody exactly PD five
cases sir you need to check your
joystick exactly happy infidel fox
doesn't like that over a t-shirt he says
he might as well show up at a wedding
wearing a t-shirt well that's really a
dumb analogy that's really dumb
conservative Russians at 20 bucks thank
you very much says I am awesome
you're awesome too conservative Russian
really really awesome thanks very much
no wearing a t-shirt in my studio this
is wearing a teacher throw wedding
it's just silly silly gun-free zones
don't work when the Arizona says yeah
gun-free zones don't work they just
don't you know I love trolls but some of
the trolls some of the trolls are Elmer
Santiago's 84 no right Elmer sounds good
but those of you don't know what that
means Alma does he is 84 at this
location yeah see the funny thing with
trolls is your comments have to be
clever for me to engage you know and
sadly you guys are not guys are lacking
man oh I like this comment from Panchito
thoughts on the fake smack Mexican bado
oh you mean what is it robert francis
o'rourke robert francis O'Rourke the
Democrat with a criminal record running
for Senate in Texas
who's calling himself bit Oh to try to
woo the Hispanic vote Lucas thank you
for the liking the taps I got to finish
this off every one of them has a little
meaning yeah this beta or orc is I mean
this guy can't even take this moron and
by the way Texans should not be lulled
into a false sense of security this guy
is like Acacio Cortes right this guy is
a for leftist
for leftist he is not some moderate dem
this guy is not Connor Lam in
Pennsylvania this guy's a bad guy he is
a far far left guy now I've heard two
schools of thought on what's going on in
Texas and I'll probably do more on that
later in the week two schools of thought
one I've spoken to people inside the
Cruz campaign they tell me to feel him
pretty good things are okay then I spoke
with someone who had lunch with senator
Cruz last week said Cruz is a little
nervous about this guy Cruz needs to get
out there retail campaign a little bit
better
retail campaign a little bit better and
needs to go on the attack against robert
Francis O'Rourke black nation-building
says will you be okay with Trump erases
term limits will trump can erase term
limits you know now our system works
that would require a constitutional
amendment and that would require
two-thirds of state legislatures to
approve Trump unilaterally in Izone has
no authority to do that yeah hangman
John root says as Moore John's here than
an airport bathroom yes
the British perspective says Twitter is
giving hundreds of thousands of qHD you
have these strikes to conservative
voices yep that's true
well the midterms are not at risk only
because of Twitter they're at risk
because the mainstream media is 95%
against Donald Trump not all of them one
since lanny davis backpedaling and all
the BS from last week he was spouting he
is and what got all of the means is
Lanny Davis said that Michael Cohen had
information to give the special counsel
on the Trump Tower meeting but he does
it so he backpedaled on that CNN still
has not retracted their report that's
the biggest problem that's the biggest
problem they
has simply simply will not ever admit
the truth they won't admit the truth em
four six five three nine six one two
what does that watch a Breitling yeah it
says Breitling super Avenger yep I've
had this watch for about fourteen years
I have others but I just love this one
big I wear this one more than any other
yep
let's see alright
Iman three 7/7 I'm not trolling can
trans people be truly Republican uh it's
a good question I mean yeah yeah I think
you can I think if you're an economic
voter who doesn't care about social
issues if you're trans you vote
Republican then you're voting Republican
for the right reason blader games
donated my wife and I were both Democrat
her black me white after a while we
decided trump assume we are voting for
next term so I'm here in this story
quite a bit Lana why why was it are you
voting and thanks for the donation by
the way very much why is it because is
it a um what am I looking for economic
thing are you voting with your wallet
are you voting on certain social issues
I'd love to know I'd love you to give
you the answer that let's see mm-hmm
what else we got here alrighty Honest
Abe says I'll be bankable a Trump could
handle eight years of BS so there's BS I
think he thrives on it to be honest with
you I think a lot of this Trump thrives
on it okay
Iman 377 says I own a business that's
why I voted for Trump that's what I'm
hearing a lot Oh and Young says some
schools already introduced electronic
registration via student cards I love
that idea yeah I think one of the things
we need you know school safety I'm all
for armed personnel in schools I always
tell you let's moderate model arming
teachers after the federal flight deck
officer program that we enacted after
9/11 where we are
it's there are very specific protocols
they work they work but we also need to
centralized access points mm-hmm and if
swipe cards for students and Jonathan
Brian just said I wasn't Jonathan Brian
I'm sorry John Kay said school in Selma
North Carolina will introduce access
cards for teachers I think it's a great
idea I think it's a great idea
Sean Wingfield says John Cardillo keeps
saying he's me tell that guy identity
theft is no joke it affects millions of
Americans yearly that was good all right
let's see most liberals tend to
ad-hominem when they get more than two
sentences in or debate yeah because they
don't have anything substantive to come
back with that's the problem that is the
problem I want to see if my buddy Blaine
er explained why he and his girl of
switch from dem to Republican let's see
Lucas I was Lucas Gabrielle so I was
Democrat I walked away I'm voting for
Republican governor in Connecticut this
November I don't want a socialist state
oh god help you though you still a dick
Blumenthal as your senator I dealt with
that moron when he was Attorney General
of Connecticut I think there's something
wrong with that guy he is Joe oh yes
I can do a whole show on Blumenthal at
his issues poor Elizabeth Warren we're
gonna be talking about her more next
week
oh they ever even later this week maybe
let's say blame her games okay says he
says I joined the Navy so my wallet
doesn't follow much but the hatred of
the left and the facts are so skewed we
ignore media now and look at policies
and what he's changed well a thank you
very much for your service and B I think
you're really indicative of most
Americans and you and your wife are
indicative of most Americans good
policies transcend race they transcend
party lines I think most Americans just
want common-sense policies that are
better for their families but thank you
so much for the input thanks that our
nation and most importantly thanks for
your service band really appreciate that
all right
Pat Max's chopper Cortez could trim back
the trees with their teeth save the
forests I think you just really upset
the environmental lobby gotta be careful
you really upset the environmental lobby
bigwig says I live in Harlem what can I
do not much in New York City at this
point my friend not much in New York
City Shawn Wakefield asked me who would
I like to see in politics that isn't
currently involved you know I don't know
it's a really good question it's a
really really good question I think more
business people with that have been
common sense problem solvers that's what
I like about Trump that's what I also
like about business people Shawn going
into politics after success in business
they're not political ideologues number
one number two they're problem solvers
they look at the fastest way to get from
A to B the simplest way to get from A to
B and the quickest way to solve the
problem that the nation is having
getting from A to B in 98% of the time
that solution is a conservative policy
and so when business people are thrown
into roles as politicians they tend to
be conservative not because of a blind
ideology but because the conservative
policies tends to be the most common
sensical and the easiest path from
problem to solution and so that's what
I'd like to see so not so much memes but
the type of people I'd like to see in
the game let's see mm-hmm Caitlyn Jenner
is a Republican yeah I hope still we
need as many votes as we can get Tippi
Bear says we need more good guys with
guns not more Metal Detectors exactly
exactly my name is love nice to meet you
too yeah look I mean we have like I said
we've got the model in place right so
after 9/11 if you don't know what the f
F do program is after 9/11 obviously in
the morning in 9/11 the cockpit doors
were breached so there were different
security protocols put into play
we see the moronic TSA screening but
really more immediately and what was
most effective is the armed cockpit
doors armored you know steel cockpit
doors and then they enacted the FF geo
program program the federal flight deck
officer program so basically pilots are
allowed to carry and beyond inside the
cockpit and their law enforcement
federal law enforcement inside the
cockpit and thereby if somebody were to
breach the door they could draw that gun
and kill the bad guy there's a training
program in place they trained with the
federal air marshals that law
enforcement training facilities the
protocols are there Florida's a law that
get a lot of things wrong that we passed
after parkland did call for a training
program for teachers they just haven't
appropriated any money for it it was
similar to the FF do program but we
could have a nationwide program to arm
teachers that mirrors the FF do program
and my voice is always messed up in the
morning also when you go an hour
straight and talk it tends to do it but
I think there are there are my point is
um there are architectures there are
frameworks in place for us to arm
teachers and um have a model we're not
doing this blind mm yeah 3d printed guns
people are talking about 3d printed guns
do require metal parts I mean you get
one round out of one if it was totally
plastic Nick at night asks isn't there
usually a US Marshal and most flights
now now
fams federal air marshals completely
different agency than the US Marshal
Service
I mean US Marshal Service falls under
Department of Justice they do fugitive
apprehension
fams federal air marshals fall under the
FAA they handle security on flights so
two very different disciplines and not
on every flight we just don't have
enough air marshals it's not that big of
an agency they
do threat assessment risk assessment and
then they deploy where they need to
Lindh Arizona says drink some coffee
it's exactly what I'm doing exactly what
I'm doing
hmm let's see what else we got uh let's
see mm-hmm
Kate says I work at a private day care
and almost every one of our teachers
concealed carry thank God thank God
smart very very smart Matt Gopi aces
bring back the Winchester with the
powder and the iron ball you want a cap
and ball well I don't know who the
Winchester was a Colt Winchester wasn't
big in the pistol game that was a Colt
and Remington Winchester were cartridge
lever-action rifles they and Henry so uh
I've got Winchester 90 model 94 upstairs
maybe I'll bring it down and show you
guys on one of the shows John Kay says
they still make boar loaded rifles yes
and they're black-powder they're called
they still make them in fact called
muzzle loaders black powder and muzzle
loaders and certain states have muzzle
loading season it actually comes before
a gun season typically after Bo season
some muzzle loading season is a big game
I'm not a muzzleloading guy I'm a gun
collector but I'm all cartridge more
modern stuff hmm let's see we're talking
about any more on muzzle loaders let's
see murdering mass amounts of people
doesn't seem logical to me pd 5k says
but hey to each his own I don't know
which context you mean that so let me
know and maybe we can discuss it by a
lower and complete the rifle yourself
yeah I like to do that enjoyable for me
I'm actually building to AR pistols now
with lowers alright Paul Thompson I'm
one of the shows I'll bring down the
Winchester 90 for it they're cool it's a
fun rifle to shoot
well somebody a patty willing saying
that you meet Yeltsin door on MSNBC said
the teachers are allowed to carry guns
they may shoot minority students in
other news this you meet she Allison
doors moron so Clint bronze is live in
Stockton California where they're
experimenting when universal basic
income what can he do not much move out
of Stockton your liberals your liberals
are gonna Ronia James Avery says people
now make their own guns yeah not really
not really you know it still need metal
parts and they're not as robust you're
not gonna have you're not gonna you know
make a gun that's gonna get 5,000 rounds
10,000 rounds
Tippie Bayer says it's a concealed
weapons holder and a frequent volunteer
at schools it bothers me that she has to
leave her gun at home and can't protect
kids all kids while volunteering yeah I
know it's it's it's really ridiculous I
can't tell you how many guys and girls I
work with the NYPD that in retirement or
teachers did 20 years on the job 25
years on the job some like me 10 15
years retired early I can't carry guns
to protect the kids that they used to be
called to come protect with their guns
it's just dumb dumb John cases fact CCW
holders to hit crimes at a lower rate
than police they commit crimes at a
lower rate than pretty much anybody gab
gab says they need to be an armed
trained person at every school no
excuses 100% agree
all right engine Kidd 88 ask the
question what does better open carry or
concealed carry I think if you're a
private citizen and concealed carry
don't give a bad guy the jump you don't
make it's I don't like the way some open
carry I want open carry to be legal but
I think too many people use it in a way
that is counterproductive for me
personally I would never open carry
I want the element of surprise right now
I'm not going to catching bad guys
anymore
if I were to draw my gun it's because
I'm like being robbed I'm gonna need TM
I'm in a store that's being robbed I'm
at the gas pump last thing I want is the
bad guy to see my gun and shoot me walk
up behind me see my gun and shoot me got
all of them give us a donation thanks
man really appreciate it
boss new yard 24 is open carry scared a
guy to death now you're not scaring
anybody they're gonna shoot you first
doesn't work that way doesn't work that
way you wanna you want the element of
surprise because the minute they see
that gun there I is on you the entire
robbery you'll never have a chance never
have a chance or they'll just walk up
behind you and shoot you in the head
take everything you own sure - the Fox
says I built my own AR 10 absolutely I
like building my own I get the component
groups I want it's the same price I set
it up the way I want makes it much much
much better much better all right guys
well the hour flew by we're at the end
of the show be back with you guys
tomorrow morning gonna pick some hot
topics might have some additional
information on Jacksonville I'm sure
something nutty will happen overnight
thanks for watching see you in the
morning
