ah more progressive left-wing Union
madness this time being delivered by the
Canadian union of postal workers
you see cup W has aligned itself with
its Palestinian counterpart a group that
not only delivers the mail but
apparently likes to support terrorism
too
you know you'd think the Canadian union
of postal workers which is presumably
trying to stay relevant in the sunset
industry that is snail mail delivery
would have better things to do than
reach out and pledge allegiance to a
group that allegedly has links to
terrorism but a report in the Canadian
Jewish news notes that in late May cup W
revealed that it had launched a joint
project with the Palestinian Postal
Service Workers Union this project is
quote designed to strengthen the
Palestinian postal union and build
greater solidarity between our two
unions end quote
really to what end and in this spirit of
union solidarity will cup W be reaching
out to the Israeli Postal Workers Union
to know that solidarity forever thingy
that only goes so far
besides years ago cup W signed on to the
boycott divest sanction movement against
Israel so clearly not all postal unions
are created equally and make no mistake
folks cup W is going all-in when it
comes to its support of Palestinian
causes noting that Ahmad tamizha
president of the palestinian postal
workers union obtained a visa to visit
Canada a few months ago Tunisia attended
several labor related events and met
with pro Palestinian groups in Montreal
Toronto and Ottawa one can only imagine
the content of those discussions but
recently B'nai B'rith Canada accused the
Palestinian Postal Union of supporting
terrorism and quote the elimination of
Israel
end quote but a breath cited the union's
Facebook page which it translated from
arabic into English which glorified
Palestinian terrorist Ahmad Nasser Gerar
tirar it should be noted is a member of
Hamas which is banned in Canada as a
terror organization this individual went
into hiding after rabbi Rozelle Savitch
was murdered last January outside his
West Bank settlement
was later shot dead by Israeli forces
and check this out Bonet breath notes
that another recent post on the
Palestinian Union's Facebook page called
for the release of foud shabak II
shabak II was convicted in 2009 of
attempting to smuggle weapons into the
Gaza Strip for use by the Alaska markers
brigade which also happens to be a
designated terrorist entity in Canada
Ilan ketse kovitch an Israeli board
member of cup W who lives in Winnipeg
told the Canadian Jewish News that upon
discovering his unions ties to this and
other Palestinian causes he was shocked
and surprised he says he has encountered
what he calls a total ignorance of
Israel and began writing and calling
union representatives including the
president he's still waiting for our
response yeah I'm sure that letters
still in the mail meanwhile Michael
most--in CEO of the neighbor of Canada
notes that rather than using the union
movement to build peace between Israel
and the Palestinians cup W leadership
has quote aligned itself with the path
of violence and extremism this is both
deeply immoral and obviously not in the
best interests of Canadian postal
workers end quote yet in the department
of share hutzpah
check this out merely for blowing the
whistle on this unholy alliance Bonet
breath Canada's Toronto headquarters is
being targeted for a protest next
Wednesday afternoon here's what the
protests organizers
wrote on Facebook quote recently been a
berth Canada launched a smear campaign
against cup W which has taken a
principled stand in defense of
Palestinian human rights as a result cup
W has become the latest victim in a long
list of smear campaigns launched by
Bonet breath Canada to silence human
rights defenders who are critical of
Israel's violations of international law
end quote
did you catch that folks a smear
campaign
how does once
we're murderers and terrorist
organizations organizations that remain
banned in Canada even under the Justin
Trudeau regime as for the protests
expect to see the usual idiots who show
up to Toronto's annual alkyds hate fest
these are the people who tend to deny
the Holocaust as they try to manufacture
another one yet I wonder if the
rank-and-file of the Canadian Union
oppose the workers will also be marching
alongside these odious supporters of
terrorism and terrorists after all you'd
think cup W workers would have better
things to do like making sure to deliver
junk mail as opposed to supporting junk
causes for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks rebel has
a new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
