so you've probably heard by now that an
illegal alien has been charged with the
murder of University of Iowa student
Molly Tibbets now taking the life of an
American especially one so young and
full of opportunity is definitely the
most destructive thing in illegal alien
can do to our country but it's not the
only way in which illegals have been
assaulting us or our campuses let's take
a look
authorities charge 24-year old Mexican
illegal alien Christian bikina Rivera
with the murder of Molly Tibbets it
would appear that the willingness to
kill someone in a country whose
resources he's leaking isn't the only
way in which Christian is messed up
if the Daily Beast and some other
outlets are to be believed his parents
didn't even know how to spell Christian
Molly went missing over a month ago and
Christian led investigators to her body
which was buried beneath corn stalks on
a farm field near Brooklyn Iowa so there
you have it an American's dreams ripped
away by someone who's not even supposed
to be here but before we look at the
other ways illegal aliens have stolen
from American students let's just take a
brief look at how media covered
Christian being ID'd The Washington Post
says undocumented immigrant in the
header but oddly had Mexican immigrants
in their search engine headline
people.com calls him a murder suspect
and no mention of his immigration status
until the tenth paragraph CNN calls him
a man and has undocumented in the fourth
paragraph HuffPost also believes man is
an apt enough description for the
headline but to be fair does mention
undocumented in the first paragraph and
surprise surprise absolutely no online
coverage that I could see from MSNBC now
if you're wondering gee whiz I'm shocked
why is it so important to say this guy's
illegal in the headline well let me tell
you why the point is that Americans
don't own this crime if our nation's
leaders had done a better job guarding
the border Molly would have been
finishing off her first week of classes
at the University of Iowa right about
now my dude Bill O'Reilly did a good job
explaining this on Fox around a decade
ago after an illegal alien drunk driver
killed someone he should have been
deported and this mayor and the police
chief didn't deport him now that is
righteous indignation this reminds me of
another case out of Texas in which an
illegal alien assaulted a high school
student and the other students protest
did not the illegal alien but instead
the illegal aliens detention and
remember it's not just lives that are at
stake it's also our country's resources
according to the Federation for American
immigration reform the federal
government has spent over 1 billion
dollars and state governments have spent
over forty four billion dollars
educating about 12.5 million illegal
aliens and 4.2 million citizen children
of illegal aliens we shower money and
positive media coverage upon these
people bend over backwards to be
politically correct when referring to
them and then get called racist for
trying to address the problem week
borders that enable them to commit a
crime in the first place something
doesn't quite add up
for campus unmasked I'm Rob trim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate
senesce details using the forum on
campus and mass comm
