it is lovely to see you all here being
traditionally British today and I'm
thrilled to be here with you all thank
you Oh polite just gonna move this back
to touch one second
Oh may I do that without causing havoc
polite smartly dressed wanting the best
for your families and your country
working hard to pay your way proud of
your Armed Forces proud of our beautiful
Union flag and this Land of Hope and
Glory you bunch of racist bastards yes
it's funny how it works here in the UK
these days isn't it
stand up for this country that you used
to recognize and your racist bastard
threatened to harm that British people
or be linked to every terror attack in
the UK since 77 and you're treated like
royalty I'm sure you all watched with
interest and germ cherry coming out of
prison on Friday I was there last night
at his new digs
a bail hostel in Camden to see what he
was up to and at five o'clock on the dot
he left in a car with a chauffeur driver
and a woman in the car already dressed
in a full burqa now I mean I say it was
a woman could have been down with anyone
or anything for that matter
is it just lovely that we live in a
country so tolerant and forgiving that
we let an gem out of jail having only
served half of the sentence that he was
supposed to serve with him having
refused to participate in a single D
radicalization programme during his time
inside jail now instead of paying fifty
thousand pounds a year to keep him
inside the slammer
we will spend two million pounds
year-plus his safe house and his cost of
living and his wives to watch the
bearded weirdo lauded like a hero and
enjoy his freedom extremists hate
preacher types are in fact complete
Conant a con artists I think you'll
agree they stand on their pavements with
their signs or in the mosque preaching
away persuading fellow Muslims to go and
blow themselves up go commit jihad Allah
will love you for it
you will go off to paradise and you will
get 72 virgins 72 virgins that's more
than you'll find in the whole of
Birmingham look at the bearded weirdo in
the white nightie
telling them to do all this stuff and
think hold on a minute
action when did your jihad happen have
you got like a six note from games are
you bitchy and Jem why don't you ever
have to go and blow yourself up it's the
sort of thing I would be asking and I
love the fact that these bunch of
nutters now get their own terminology to
we're not allowed to call them Islamic
extremists we have to call them Islamist
extremists we have to tiptoe around you
can't call the rape squads majority
Pakistani Muslim rape squads you have to
call them Asian men from Rotherham or
more recently after the rape squads of
Oxford Oxford men ah those learn Advanta
box don't you just love them all that
prestige and heritage returning jihadis
is also twisted speak if you think about
it you aren't a returning jihadi you
were supposed to go and blow yourself up
you're just a bit at your job
you're a failure is what you are I am I
think an gem is just a bit rubbish at
being an extremist and the fact that
he's now a bearded weirdo living in a
hostel in Camden is testament to that he
is essentially just like a pedophile but
with fewer at
or friends the London lovey's who love
him and live near the Bell hostel aren't
actually best pleased that he's there
because it's near a school where their
children go to but they all voted remain
so frankly I don't give a damn what they
think I'm talking of Romaniacs today
we're bloody well surrounded by them
thousands of the buggers crawling out of
the woodwork on scaled skin to spend
some time basking in the strong sun's
shining out of Alistair Campbell's ours
I saw him the other day I think it was
on Newsnight or somesuch BBC giving him
more airtime than ever
accusing brexit ears of lying Alastair
Campbell accusing grexit ears of lying
and causing more conflict through our
lies than any politician in history yeah
alright Alastair dodgy dossier Campbell
it's a bit like being lectured on
morality by Piers Morgan who as you will
recall pasted fraudulent pictures of our
troops doing in speakable things to
iraqis but they never did but how easily
these boys are forgiven and their crimes
forgotten but we do not forget we know
the price of freedom many of you are
former servicemen and women or your
fathers or grandmothers and grandfathers
were and it's all I ever wanted to be
was a soldier in the British Army I went
through Sandhurst
as one of 30 girls the lumpy jumpers as
we were called back in the day when you
were allowed to say such things and came
out as one of eight girls passed out of
the Academy we had a 35-year regular
Commission in the Intelligence Corps
which my father always says is something
of a joke but I didn't get to serve my
time thanks to chronic epilepsy that I
was born with and as much as I am a
rule-breaker
some say a ballbreaker too I can see
that an epileptic with a semi-automatic
rifle is properly not my most
magnificent I dare
but thanks to 12 good souls at the
National Hospital for neurology 18 hours
in surgery and a circular saw across my
skull I'm now cured and so I live on to
fight another day and fight in other
ways thank you it's fine I didn't do
anything I just had a really nice sleep
like the best sleep I've had in ages but
I live to fight on here with you at
conference and on the periphery of the
media to where I've been ousted telling
the truths as I see them straight from
the road and I will be out there later
today with the Romaniacs and that lot
screaming for a second vote on brexit
reminding them in my character Joan
O'Brien with her wig that we already
voted and we voted to leave you know
they'll be chanting they had it planned
I saw it on Twitter hey hey Teresa may
let the people have their say I mean
honestly this is the intelligence to
speak to your point intelligence levels
have declined significantly and
obviously if all the lovelies will be
out there Bob Geldof Brian Cox Matt
Lucas the great bald weirdo hey hey Bob
Brian and Matt we already voted you
stupid twats
thing going Gary Lineker Gary Lineker
the crappy crisp salesman paid for by
the taxpayer don't just love that he's
obviously in on the action as is every
other rich tax avoiding urbanite with no
risk of ever having to use state
schooling or the NHS because you will
know as well as I know as a mom of three
children under 14 those are the places
that the rubber hits the road if you
load a country with 50,000 people a year
and that's an underestimate massively in
my personal experience with trucks
through Calais they sure as hell aren't
going to be causing a queue
at the exclusive gray coat school just
up the road or at London Bridge private
hospital and rather than acknowledge our
schools and our health service are
collapsing under the deluge what we
prefer to do we blame our elderly
contributing all their lives
seldom causing bother the real troupers
of this nation and yet held up every
time as the reason the NHS is in crisis
asks very reasonable British types only
have as many kids as we can fit into a
reasonably priced car not a bloody bus a
GP got in touch with me he was sick of
the silencing he told me that he feels
under pressure by his surgery he can't
speak out because of his work colleagues
but he's under pressure to write sick
notes for migrants that they bombard the
surgery trying to work the system and if
they can't get a sick note from him
they'll shop around at the surgery for
another appointment until they can get
the sick note they need and they know
which doctors will even write them a
sick note to get them out of sitting the
British citizenship test and that comes
from a doctor inside who can't speak out
because he'll be removed from his
profession on that note actually to
those people who have failed to show up
to speak today I understand that we get
death threats but if you're not actually
dead then there is still a requirement
for you to show up
because people call me people call me a
massive islamaphobe I embrace that
although I am only nine stone 8 but my
own Islamophobia came about when two
jihad is plotted to behead me as a
wedding gift to each other one lady oh I
think she's a Brit she asked for my head
on a plate as proof of her new husband's
love she bought him a hunting knife and
a dummy to practice on which he duly did
and they were due to come and and get my
head some police officers dressed in
black clothing turned up in my house one
night put an alarm in the top of my
house which I was to run up to shake if
I needed assistance from the local
constabulary and as they left my house
they told me not to worry so I don't and
I never again to fight another day
but the reality for those individuals
who head to the UK is not some kind of
chaos or confusion that's a myth
perpetuated by the mainstream they head
for landing centres that they know of
through their network of contacts that
are shared on their mobile phones
friendly places that will accommodate
them help them get their little feet
under the table help them access the
benefit where you can get paid cash in
hand which doctor will write you the
sick notes they are signposting illegal
immigrants how to work this country and
that's all happening right under our
noses and my nose is big enough to know
it sometimes the cover-up falls apart to
the point that even the mainstream media
struggle with the lies that it's telling
and Grenville Tower was a perfect
example of this it is a terrible tragedy
nobody is dismissing that but good lord
have we not heard enough about Granville
tower could we hear any more about
ground fault our channel 4 news just
can't get enough of it I was there
through the night as that tower burned I
was there next morning as it smouldered
and I was in conversation with a lady
who lived in the block of flats directly
opposite who I felt incredibly sorry for
she
unsure of what to do for the best for
herself and her child and she was
watching people burn it is a tragedy but
it is also a huge lie the authorities
say that 72 people died 72 you cannot
look at that place such as it is without
knowing that is not true a hundred and
twenty nine apartments massive
subletting adverts for subletting that I
have 10 people 12 people huge
overcrowding designed for 600 locals say
twice that number lived on that block
and more were there at that time because
it was Ramadan I mean who knows what
started a fire with open oil fires at
Rama dam who could say but the locals
say that more than 200 people never made
it out invisible people never officially
hear so never officially alive or dead
and standing with them good people
really traumatized by what they'd seen
that was just their honest recollection
at least 200 were missing Grenville was
stuffed to the rafters with illegals and
invisibles a microcosm of its own one of
the landing bases for new arrivals in
the UK working the system finding ways
to make money from a government easy
with tap pays cash as evidence in fact
by the massive fraud in the aftermath
which hasn't been spoken about much
either really half a million pounds of
public money was fraudulently claimed by
people pretending to be victims of the
Granville Tower fire and just one
thousand pounds has been recovered the
Crown Prosecution Service has confirmed
that much of the money lost may never be
returned to Kensington and Chelsea
Council and charities that were duped
into handing out the financial support
to fake survivors we heard only lists
accounts of suffering on channel 4 and
of course Megan Markos Sparkle pants
turned up with a cookbook how handy
love that but I met a little family at a
hotel I was staying in on the south bank
parklands er it's quite a nice hotel
they were having a lovely time living
there actually and we're really really
grateful they had free accommodation
free food use of the sauna facilities
and vouchers for presents and clothes
and I asked them if they'd ever been
interviewed by the media
they said they had talked to the media
but they weren't interested in talking
to them because they had no complaints
and we're having a nice time and there
was a sort of sweetness about it because
they were so grateful and I was happy
that they were safe but equally it shows
the duplicity of our media that they
will not tell maybe other sides of a
story than the agenda that they're
looking to follow and it's a hotel that
many of us certainly myself couldn't
afford to put my family in for a week
and that imbalance is what we see
constantly in this country I think those
recently arrived are somehow always at
the front of the queue and our elderly
and our taxpayers are elbow to the back
last in line for school places or on
endless waitlist for surgery I've met so
many moms and they email me you know to
say that they didn't get their first or
second or third place for their children
and they're in tears what shall I do how
do I change this I get emails from 80
year old people and it might be the
first email they've typed because of the
damn thing called the internet that
makes no sense
and they say that they will be glad when
their time is up here in the UK because
they do not want to live to see their
country fall and those are really really
hard emails to get but you don't have to
look too far to see what this country
could be like I recently returned from
Poland where I was annoying lefties and
Hobbie Poland has a policy of zero
illegal immigration it's now officially
the safest place in the whole of Europe
to be a woman and it has had zero
terrorist attacks and one strange thing
happened to me while I was there I saw
some girls just in their shoe
some t-shirts cycling on bikes and it
was like 8:00 8:30 at night with still
lights and I was struck girls on boats
8:30 and I was looking around and there
was something odd about it and I
realized what was upsetting or troubling
me was I felt the need to go and look
after them or something motherly and it
was the fact they had not a care in the
world and what upset me about that was
not that they had not a care of the
world because that's a perfect thing is
that I noticed I was alarmed for them I
was anxious because I come from the UK
where that couldn't happen and and
that's a really striking sign I think of
how far this country has fallen they've
not bought into mandatory
multiculturalism they've defied Merkel
on migrant quotas and they've defended
their borders beautifully when the
Saudis rang and the law-and-order party
as folklore has it to ask if they could
build a mosque in the city of Warsaw the
law-and-order party told the Saudis to
get back in touch when they could build
a Cathedral in Dubai
I've got to a point now I don't care if
that story is true or not I just love it
all the same and it's this attitude of
smart defiance that seems necessary to
protect one citizens smart defiance you
see it with Matteo salvini refusing to
accept the NGO ferryboats across the Med
bringing half of Libya to Europe no to
the votes you see it in Hungary where
all bands said no to migrants Merkel
Merkel's migrant quota and where he's
just recently banned gender studies
which I love right now and you see in
Austria too where they've said no to the
burqa and they will find you if you're
caught wearing one and in Sweden too and
I've spent some time there in those
suburbs where I was told to go suck my
mum I politely declined and the Swedish
Democrats have said no to migrant
violence and no to the rape of white
girls and in the UK actually we're for
seventeen point four million people said
no to the EU and I will be out there
defending that later today in my wig as
Joan O'Brien I know I will not be
silenced either smart defiance you know
we're not alone even though we feel it
sometimes surrounded by the madness of
our time we are part of a much larger
family that is growing across Europe
prepared to show smart defiance and say
no and of course we see it in America
where the lines for Trump's rallies
reach for miles and the American economy
is booming and I will be over there in a
couple weeks time campaigning against
mad Maxine Waters and we will try and
win that district
Trump will take 20/20 there is hope and
that's where you come in all of you you
don't have to we don't have to watch
this country for we can make a
difference firstly and most importantly
and it's something you guys clearly are
all doing a good job of we must resist
the narrative just because someone said
it and they're wearing a uniform and a
badge doesn't make it true we have to
question everything that we're told to
believe because the real truth is seldom
the fabrication fed to you by the
mainstream media after terror attacks in
our country on UK so we do not stand
united we do not carry on as normal
mothers and fathers burry their children
we reject the narrative secondly we
commit to arm ourselves with the truth
sadly in the UK we don't have a second
Amendment I am a member of the NRA the
National Rifle Association and I wear
that badge very proudly on my car when I
do the school run just to piss off the
other mothers
our police on our streets are armed with
the equivalent of a bottle of Cillit
bang and an antibacterial hand wipe and
frankly that's not good enough but we
can arm ourselves with information
information that we find closest to the
source from alternative news sources not
information fed to us through the
liberal filters of Google we find our
truths on and gem Cherry's doorstep at
9:00 p.m. we must look for our own
truths and help others to find them too
and thirdly we have to find the strength
to withstand the constant attacks that
we face and I know it's hard some of us
many of us will have been rejected by
friends for your opinions or your views
some of you may no longer speak to
family members people can be incredibly
unkind the media can be merciless but we
all need to find the moral courage to
stand strong and of course I have
battles of my own on that front
I've been investigated by 12 police
Constabulary up and down the country
I've been interviewed under caution by
the Metropolitan Police Crime and major
homicide command for a column in a
newspaper two men interviewed me in a
police cell with one of those old tape
recorders do you remember record and
play at the same time they literally did
that when I walked here I was like ah
that's the oldest tape recorder I've
ever seen and I had a good speech for
them that day my barrister said it was
the first time he's seen two police
officers look more frightened than the
person that was going in for the
question
I am obviously I've had G Hardy's
plotting to cut my head off and members
of the public ring social services to
report me as a mother in the hope that
taking my children away will silence me
these are the sorts of things we face
and that's okay I have no complaints I'm
not a victim there's no self-pity I
don't like it you know I can go home sit
on my sofa and shut up
and become a victim or maybe trans and
that's not going away
people sometimes hey ghost Hopkins
you're jolly good-looking bloke come on
this thanks very much I am but together
we can save Britain from itself we
reject the narrative we arm ourselves
with the truth and we find the moral
courage to stand strong this is our time
we will not let this country for we will
get furious and we will fight back for
Britain traditional Britain thank you
very much
