John Tory actually a couple weeks ago he
actually made a good suggestion that
targeted the right people he actually
said he'd like to see some bail reform
where these repeat gun criminals aren't
getting out on the street like you I'm
fine with that throw the book at these
guys these guys are not part of the
firearms community they're not a gun
club I don't want them on the street and
I think that really is that was a moment
where John Tory was willing to focus
police and court resources in the right
direction but he sort of backed off of
that once the activists came out and
said that he was unfairly targeting
certain communities and the poor as
though these people shooting up
playgrounds are doing so because they're
trying to get a loaf of bread for their
starving family and not so much yeah I
have no problem with them targeting
certain communities the community I'd
like to see them target is the criminal
community that would be a really good
start if you want to stop crime stop
criminals I mean that that goes without
saying if every one of these people that
uses these firearms and the commission
of crimes and that like like for example
that the gangbanger that shot those two
little girls on the playground they have
broken so many laws that you can't count
them down your leg but passing one more
law against people that don't break the
law is somehow gonna change this well
come on Sheila that's complete ball and
we all know what everybody knows that
the fact is that this guy's just
jockeying for election have you noticed
the reaction of the feds it's been very
very muted if they say we're looking at
all possibilities and they nod their
head and smile sweetly all the chiefs
the Canadian Association of police chief
said gun ban won't work everybody right
across the board is saying gun ban won't
work it's not the right issue
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
