okay so there's this new video been
going around about this new awesome
Church in California it's epic
apparently called the greater purpose
Church like not just purpose like even
better it's like it's awesome by
christopher van hall is the pastor this
church and apparently he's got a really
interesting perspective on the bible and
the way his church Orient's itself and
what they do so let's check it out okay
well i guess the number one difference
is that this church serves beer during
its service you know I don't think I've
not been to a church that ever condemn
people for drinking alcohol in general
anyway but it's interesting the concept
of you know having a few cold ones
getting a buzz before you get the word
I think it's evidence that's kind of
like a comedy warmth show right you
wanted the audience super loose so the
congregation feels better
okay yeah yeah you know you want to go
those donation boxes and really let it
fly guys but that's interesting
oh okay noticeable difference I guess a
lot of the donations go to a Planned
Parenthood so I guess we'll talk about
that a little later maybe okay what
would it look like to be a church that
looked like the movement that Jesus
started in that like church that we know
in America today okay so I guess Jesus
back in the day really wanted people to
have a brewery drink tons of beer and
give to Planned Parenthood so people
could have abortions its guide I mean
all the scholars we've had over the
years really missed the ball of that
consistent questioning came this model
or every Church
for local charities all about local
charities oh there you go mr. Hall the
pastor give the word to :
okay so they give this to the church
does it does it look suspiciously just
like a bar that has the stage that you
used to use for music is saying like hey
guys let's put up like a podium there
and make this a church so we can go
nonprofit does that kind of like what it
looks like to you cuz it really looks
like just a bar with a little corner
area for a dude to you know sing or give
a spoken word and have people clap
afterwards we are open and affirming
LGBTQ we are feminist and I believe
Jesus was - we are I guess it depends on
what you would mean by feminists like
probably for sure equality and you know
first second wave feminism third wave
feminism I think they'd have a problem
with a few parts of the New Testament
yeah and as far as affirming I've not
been to a church that ever turns away
people because they're homosexual or
whatever never seen it never happened
their specific teaching the Bible's
about how to live your life in this
world and have fences to guide you in
the best possible way to live and the
purpose of Jesus Christ but I've never
seen just because the church doesn't
affirm your actions doesn't mean they
turn you away it's like you know the
church doesn't turn people away because
they've had an affair or got a divorce
or anything like that but they're not
gonna be up on stage praising you for
doing it so I don't know really what
they're talking about I hate when they
frame churches is like oh they hate you
know anyone that's LGBT or what the
lgbtq+ or whatever I haven't seen that
happen yet are environmentalists which I
believe that's the original mandate of
children of God was the original really
we all know and enjoy we are anti-war
which we are anti-war that one of the
last commitments of Jesus was to sell a
cloak and have a sword so you could
defend yourself in others but you know
we'll skip over that and then also
whenever you have a pastor say III like
I feel I want I do
that's a usually a worrisome thing that
the Bible is what you go to to make sure
all the pastor's are in line and I
always suggest people don't listen just
to one pastor listen to multiple ones
and go to the Bible because people are
corrupt and they often use the Bible to
justify their own beliefs and their
actions for any type of gain are all for
racial justice which Jesus was a
Palestinian
Jewish rabbi is a person of color that
was killed by white supremacy so
Oh
Oh okay so apparently because apparently
this is this scholar discovered that
Jesus was really because of white
supremacy which if paler was the thing
you know 2,000 years ago
you know I guess are over I mean you
have a Roman ruler maybe you could say
was Italian supremacy or something but a
pretty sure Jesus was killed for
political and religious motivated
reasons the religious elites there and
also the political uprising going on so
I to say that he was cured because if
right white supremacy is ridiculous also
hey whoa people bring race into
Christianity at all the Bible never
talks about being for a specific
religion or a specific race of people or
whatever and I've never been to a church
that said hey we're gonna worship this
guy Jesus because he's white because no
one ever has ever said she's white he's
obviously he's always been and always
will be Jewish so this is just insane to
me of people try to drive a wedge like
that because a white supremacist they
referred to be on the front lines for
racial justice so that's what's a check
mark on the progressive box
go on for five years strong
and it's doing well it's abandoned yes
yeah it's not to increase outreach and
ministries around the world we're gonna
make the brewery into a full-blown
restaurant whoa
Lords great isn't he hey by the way
we'll also talk about Jesus church
services will also still happen but it's
gonna be an awesome bar can't we do a
brewery and then we can use the space on
Sunday before the public is worship yeah
just use it as a place of worship on
Sundays just as a bonus but life like
I'm hating on like brew breweries or
alcohol or whatever no not at all I love
love me some beers love it love
breweries I just feel like you're trying
to use it as almost like a marketing
scheme that it's a church then this is
why you should go buy a beer from here
and then we can use the funds to give to
local charities that people of all
faiths all sexual all racial and even
all faiths identities can support so
everyone came up with this model and
reach found an awesome spot consequently
happens to be right below Planned
Parenthood in Stannah Cruz which we
adore and support their efforts for
giving health care to women yeah you
love and support efforts absolutely I
supposed to be listening to Jesus Christ
I wonder how Jesus would feel about what
Planned Parenthood does because it seems
like every scripture in the Bible is
saying that life is going to be
difficult to get a pick up your cross
daily and carry it and you're going to
sacrifice yourself for the sake of
others and I feel like planned parent is
just the opposite because Planned
Parenthood is literally sacrificing the
life of someone else for you for your
own gain for your own purpose for your
own desires you're going to sacrifice a
life for that so that seems like the
absolute opposite of what Jesus Christ
would preach and you're funneling money
directly into it so that seems
absolutely ridiculous today
she's like a really diverse diversity
centered element yeah a lot of diversity
thanks to be talking about this is not a
gimmick at all to grow a huge you know
six fives over Jesus like we've got in
every city and put itself this is just
to do good work locally
yeah who blows my mind that this kind of
stuff is taking off and you know I guess
it's what about what the Bible always
says - there's there's wisdom and many
wise counselors not just one and
specifically if you're gonna be the
leader of a church in a congregation and
trying to bring people closer to Jesus
you would hope that your teachings would
be more in line with his but you know
we'll see how this goes all right so you
guys alright so if you enjoyed that
video please consider becoming a premium
member - the rebel that way you have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
