say okay and then as soon as you hit
okay you're on all right everybody it's
Ezra Levant I am in Halifax I am NOT in
the Conservative Party convention
because of course the rebels have been
banned it's really bizarre
Andrew Shearer the leader of most of the
Conservative Party has rolled out the
red carpet to the CBC to the CTV to the
Toronto Star to every left-wing opinion
website from Huffington Post advice but
bizarrely they've banned us rebels from
attending even though our friends and
enemies alike both say we're like the
whorehouse Oregon for Canada's
Conservatives I mean we're not partisan
we don't have at least I don't have a
party membership and I don't take my
orders from anyone but our viewers but
it's really bizarre that the only
conservative media company in Canada is
banned from the Conservative Party
convention it would be like if FoxNews
were banned from the Republican
convention it would just be weird I
don't want to linger on that but it is
it is worth saying because it goes to
some of the quirks and weaknesses of
Andrew Scheer the largest of which was
on display yesterday when Maxine Bernier
his leadership rival who he dispatched
51 to 49 15 months ago it's basically a
tie vote and Andrew Shira edged him out
Maxine Bernier quit the party in a huff
yesterday claiming he's going to start a
new Conservative Party I'm skeptical
about that and I don't think it was a
wise decision either pragmatically or in
terms of moving the ideology forward I
haven't talked to Maxine Bernier since
his announcement I'll see if I can but
the fact of 15 months after Andrew sheer
won the conservative leadership he still
did not make peace and find a modus
vivendi with his chief rival speaks to
his leadership listen
it's tough I remember when I worked for
Stockwell day very briefly when he was a
leader of the Canadian lines party and I
think it's obvious that his greatest
failure was failing to pacify his
leadership rivals camp he defeated the
founder of the party Preston Manny and
Preston's
inner circle his palace guard Debra gray
Chuck strong Monty Solberg they all quit
and the fact that Stockwell day couldn't
unify the party did so many did so many
things obviously weaken the party both
internally and in the in the public eye
andrew shears inability to harness
Maxine Bernie and have him pointing in
the same direction is his largest
failure so far and it's it's not
something that only conservatives have
to deal with every party in the world
has to deal with that my the obvious
example I've been using it recently is
Jean chr√©tien and Paul Martin leadership
rivals Paul Martin powerful at the time
lots of connections some would say
sophisticated on Bay Street I don't know
if I'd go that far but Zhang Kai Chen
found a way to harness Paul Mount
Martin's skills and ambitions and put
them to work not only for Gretchen and
the party but for the country and that
date on lasted a decade until Paul
Martin just ran out of patience a better
leader would have been able to harness
Maxie and Bernie to the Goodman party
including you know deploying him in
Quebec that's where Maxime Bernie is so
strong and wouldn't it be interesting if
on and Russia could have said to Maxine
Bernie okay you're upset about this
dairy cartel issue you're the point man
in Quebec that has to sell it and good
luck if Andrew Shearer thought it was a
poison pill then he would be giving a
you know poison chalice to his rival but
if Maxime Bernie would have succeeded
what a wonderful success for the whole
party in the country it's just a failure
I was shocked yesterday to hear that
Maxime Bernie had not even received a
phone call from
and Russia in nine days despite how
things were clearly falling apart
anyways I don't want to talk too much
more about that because it's of interest
to conservative partisans and I'd say
that Canadian conservatives who were
counting on the party to depose Justin
Trudeau in next year's election I think
the likelihood of that just fell
I don't think Maxime Bernier did himself
any favors by taking himself out of the
party I think he should be here in
Halifax pressing the flesh working
through the party's channels working the
floor of the policy debates slowly
putting his imprint on the party
champion different different local and
regional party executives he didn't he
sort of took his marbles and left I
don't think that's a winning strategy
and I don't think Andrew Shearer is any
stronger today he may feel that he's
relieved to have an internal rival gone
but again I think there's a unlike when
Belinda Stronach
left the party in a pout Maxine Bernier
has a lot more genuine support in the
Conservatives and then Belinda Stronach
ever did so I think it's bad news and I
think the likelihood of a conservative
win next year just fell the likelihood
of a Trudeau re-election went up and
Andrew sure may be the leader of a the
party with one fewer rival but it's
certainly a smaller party anyways those
are my thoughts on that and the reason I
started off by mentioning the fact that
we're banned from entering the
convention itself goes to the a weird
strategic lack of focus by Andrew
Shearer I mean the amount of time he and
his inner team have spent wrestling with
what do we do with the rebel which is a
weird question to ask at all if they
would put that energy into real things
like solidifying the unity of their own
party I don't I think they probably
could have found some sort of compromise
with Maxine Brittany I mean let me put
it to you this way the damage this is
done to the party is so large in my view
what compromise with Bernier would have
been worse compromising on the dairy
cartel how's that worse giving him some
symbolic regional leadership role in
Quebec how is that worse than the PR
damage and the
morale damage of the momentum damage and
the polling damage this is done I just I
think it's a it goes to Andrews shoes
passivity and the fact that we're not
allowed in the convention is weird I
mean to be honest most of what goes on
inside the actual meaning rooms of the
convention is pretty boring I really
can't imagine that that our rebel
viewers would be that interested in for
example a a seminar and how to deal with
the media I just don't think that's
interesting to normal people and there's
a lot of irony there but we were you
know we've been around the precincts of
the convention we went to a restaurant
last night outside the convention and we
could barely get a bite of our food in
every couple of minutes someone came
over members of parliament party staff
Andrew sheers own staff okay
even the Hamish Marshall Andrews Hughes
campaign manager I wasn't there at the
time but he convinced a little bit with
I mean that every single person in this
party convention knows that keeping the
rubble out is a weird weird thing and it
was funny there was one candidate from
the Lower Mainland NBC who showed me his
phone and he was getting so much flack
from grassroots supporters saying why
did you keep up the rebel why does he
keep of the rebel he asked me if he
could pose for a selfie with me to send
these angry critics back home to prove
that he was ever apples you gotta admit
that's funny you gotta admit that's
funny that he was asking me for a favor
to take a selfie so he could prove to
his supporters that he wasn't a
left-wing weirdo which is how I gotta
say I'm sorry I know that and Russia was
not left-wing well maybe I don't know
that quite firmly I'm he's left-wing
under dairy cartel in his left-wing on
global warming and obviously he's
left-wing in his free speech ban so
maybe he is a little bit left-wing but
it's been weird I mean seriously if
you're the leader of the Conservative
Party of Canada and you think public
number one is the rebel or maybe you
think public enemy number one most
Maxine Bernier you're not thinking big
enough
your enemy is Justin Trudeau and if you
want to expand from that you can add
Trudeau's state broadcaster the CBC
anyways what do we do every week here
and I know we were talking a lot about
the Halifax conservative engine I'm just
at the for reasons of good Internet I'm
at our air B&B we flew out here and
we're staying economically in the air
BnB soared
we have great internet here so I'm doing
this little chat from here but I'll be
leaving to go to the convention again a
little bit later so what we do every
Friday and I'm glad to do it here from a
place of good Internet is we do the
super chat as you can see on the right
hand side of the screen there are little
comments and many people are making them
thank you for that and if you can do
what is called a super chat which is a
chip in a few bucks few pounds few of
any currency and your comment is put in
a bright a highlighted color and and so
I'll see it and I make sure to read
those and the fun thing about that is I
always mentioned is that we actually get
a share of that dough YouTube shared
with us I think we get 70% of it so it's
actually a way to help us pay the bills
um when we when I did these super chats
every single day we called it we called
Friday's free for all Fridays that's the
only day we do it now so without further
ado let me read a few comments because
I'm on the road we can't I can't call
for video clips like I do when I'm in
the Toronto studios let me read some
comments Jennifer Maggie says I have no
idea what super chat is super chat is
when you spend a few dollars and you
make your comment highlighted and it can
be appended to the top of that screen
for bid amazon says exactly only scared
leftist band the media sheer is a worse
no one wants it's really weird I mean
what does he think we're gonna do from
in there why what is the harm that he
thinks being inside the building said
about does he think that we're like pee
on the carpet is something like I'm
training to Pat I just don't even
understand what the what the ban is
other than its most obvious
purpose which is virtue signaling to the
mainstream media the media party that's
all we're not that kind of conservative
we're not the kind of conservative so
you guys hate were conservatives to name
only so if we hate the rebel can you let
us in your your cool kids club that's
the only conceivable reason it doesn't
even make sense
Stephanie em says you have been bashing
him for four months we've been critical
of him on supply management the dairy
cartel thing that I mentioned we've been
critical of him on his support for the
Paris global warming treaty and
obviously we've been quite critical of
him for keeping us out the last few days
but other than that I don't think we've
been particularly critical or supportive
of him we just sort of call it like we
see him as you may know his campaign
manager Hamish Marshall was my
co-founder of the rebel and we let
Hamish sort of use our office every day
to run the campaign I mean we had sort
of a Chinese wall as they call where he
did never anything to do with our
editorial policy but Hamish was a buddy
of mine and he you know I said sure go
ahead use the opposite okay in fact
there was one time when Andrews sure
came by and I can't film the video in
our studio we charged him because we
didn't want to give it to him as a gift
but there you are we'd some super
Chester's that seemed coming in now you
can see what a super chair looks like
Jessica it's those brightly coloured
comments Ezra's first two regulars chips
in two pounds and says what are your
thoughts on the South African situation
well I just tweeted a terrifying video
and I can't show you right now because
they don't have the same real-time
access to my control room in Toronto as
I do when I'm there but there's this
terrifying video if you go to my Twitter
feed which is twitter.com slash Ezra
Levant it's a video of politician of the
e FF party and I want to make sure I get
his first name right I think it's Julian
or Julius Malema
and he's leading a huge rally thousands
and thousands of people he's leading
them in a song or a chance
shoot the ball shoot the board
pow pow shoot de Bourgh an m4 is theirs
is theirs to s main tribes of white
South Africans there's the Dutch who
were there centuries ago now there were
the Brits who were there more recently
and the Dutch South Africans are Boers
be oer that's just what they're called
and so shoot the Boer pow pow is their
plan they plan to expropriate without
compensation
Dutch white farms and they don't just do
it through legal or illegal methods they
they do it through violence through
terrorist style military-style attacks
on these farms and so I find it
terrifying
it's obviously racial and ethnic in its
motivations it's obviously going to
destroy the breadbasket of South Africa
in the same way that Mugabe and Zimbabwe
destroyed Rhodesian so yeah it's
terrible and I really don't know if
there's a future for South Africa I just
don't know enough about the country but
it's certainly not encouraging and
Donald Trump tweeted about it which is
very interesting Mike Corbin ships in
ten bucks it says does shear have a
general Butz type of senior advisor who
has significant influence over him
if so who is it well funny enough I
think it's actually my old buddy Amos
Marshall Hamish was the strategist who
gained the contest and got and who
Shearer into first place and who she was
in second place all along but every time
I mean remember there were thirteen
different ballots thirteen rounds of
voting in the conservative convention
and she didn't win on to the last one
obviously he wasn't even in first place
to the last one he was sort of
everybody's second or third choice and
that's fine if you're building some sort
of a coalition of the least
objectionable person but it's not known
says I love Andrew Scheer I love him
some people say that by Maxine Bernier
now you don't need to be charismatic to
win I mean Stephen Harper has his fans
but I don't think it was an emotional
passionate fan base at least not till
later on when people realized how
important what he was doing this I think
people supported Stephen Harper because
he was solid and reliable and
substantive and he had a great plan and
the strategy and he carried it out
Andrew Shearer has Stephen Harper's lack
of charisma but I don't think he has his
ideological clarity or his strategy so
my answer to you is Mike I think it's
actually my own buddy Hamish who is that
and I think the fact that Hamish worked
with less at the repple means he's a
little bit skewed strangely not because
he over thinks about us he blends his
personal thoughts his inside knowledge
about us with his new role and it's just
really weird to me that he would think
banning the rebels is a good idea at all
let alone for a conservative party let
alone for a party where his base is so
overwhelmingly fan sports look we've got
more than 1 million YouTube subscribers
and a lot of them are conservative
supporters it's just weird to me
Jennifer Mann had chips in a buck 99
thank you for that Jennifer is oh let me
I just lost it here it's banning
reporters a new conservative values no
it's not conservative and that's the
thing is it's it's sort of a good GAD
even move although I don't even know how
it gets even I mean what I like to
physically attend inside the conference
and I sure I'd go in there to schmooze
but I have to say last night I barely
had a minute to myself when I was
sitting outside having dinner and I and
I met plenty of MPs it was universally
friendly I suppose haters wouldn't come
up but I talked to plenty of people who
were party officials fairly senior party
staff even leaders office a style staff
party staff it was fun how can you not
like the rabble if you're conservative
I mean maybe your nose has been to
either joint or
for this story or that story well we
published 9700 stories I kind of agree
with them all I I don't even agree with
all 9700 videos we've done how can you I
mean how can it it's in the battery test
well the near could have any media
they're a super challenge from Ben
Tomlinson Egyptian 10 bucks unspent
matches only path to win more than one
CTC and I Quebec separatists with
nationalist I'm very torn over this I
was with Max from day one and I want
Trudeau defeated well yeah I mean if
Maxine Bernie had asked me for my advice
and he did not my advice to him would
have been stay within the party be the
ideological hero within the party trying
to pull it back away from this weird
dairy thing and the global warming thing
and pull it towards a more realistic
policy on immigration and
multiculturalism so my advice to him
would have been try to move the party
from within use your significant support
within the party which I think he
vaporized a lot of used the party
structures use his ability to get media
at the drop of a hat use all those
things to benefit the cause to put
Trudeau on the back foot and if as is
quite possible and maybe even probable
if Andrew shear loses the election next
year
well if Maxine Bernier had been a good
second-in-command all this past time he
would be the obvious heir apparent I
mean I was he obviously is the next guy
the leader in waiting now he's not if he
could just keep his powder dry for one
year if he really thinks Andrew shear is
doing a poor job and I think any shear
is doing her job sorry to be mean about
it I mean when Doug Ford wins a majority
in Ontario when conservative views or
conservative parties are on the rise in
other parts of the country when Justin
Trudeau's had a disastrous 2018 and
Andrew Shearer is back in the polls
what's the explanation for that Justin
Trudeau has had an awful
spring and summer would you agree with
me Fiasco's ranging from the india
goofiness to the groping scandal to his
NAFTA disaster to the open borders and
Shearer has not been taking advantage of
it
Justin Trudeau has taken weeks of
holidays and who sure could have filled
that gap with his own issues I don't
know where I knew she was we got a new
video I think it just went out
you got to see it can you do this can
you go to the rebel down media and let
me see if it's up right now I'm actually
typing that right now to see if it's up
there the rebel dawn media David Menzies
went on the streets of Toronto with a
picture of Andrew Shue and I'm not sure
if I can see it on our main website
right now but it hopefully will be up
there soon you got to see it I brought I
think it's on our YouTube page um he
just asked people on the street who's
this with a full-color picture of Andrew
Shearer and no one knew who it was it
was actually really funny because a lot
of people said I don't know I don't know
I don't know and and there's this one
moment where Nancy says it's Andrew
Shearer ma'am but she hears Andrew
Sherman it's it you gotta watch it it's
a lot funnier than I just made it sound
okay let's get back as she seems to be
judged Sir David Lincoln banning the
rebel is akin to the Kremlin banning
Malcolm Muggeridge from reporting you
know I think the analogy of Fox News
being banned by the Republicans is a
good one but why would you ban anyone I
just don't get him Ben Tomlinson max his
only path to win more than one seat oh I
already read that one tonight Rebecca
separates from the ashes the thing is
and my point is it's another point is if
Maxine burn your head kept his powder
dry he would and if he would have
inherited or fought and won the party
leadership let's say a year from now two
years from now he would have all the
party's infrastructure and assets at his
disposal he would have a ready-made
caucus of 100mb
he would have all the fundraising and
the brand value and the party
infrastructure and the local routing
associations and all of that now he's
starting from scratch and from what I've
seen there's not yet another NP with him
I don't think he has a party name you
have to register you have to build from
the ground up why would you do that I
mean that's ten years of hard work
ask press demanding assets do you
remember why would you choose ten years
of hard work from scratch when if you
just stayed cool for a year or two you
would inherit the party if Andrew
Shearer fails and if Andrew Shearer wins
well that's great hopefully you have a
senior role in the cabinet and I
actually don't know the likelihood of
and you're shooting I just think it was
a really strange decision I see a few
more Super chats let me just make sure I
acknowledge them MDP rule chipped in two
bucks thanks very much if you want to
have a comment or a question please put
it in MDL I'll look to see it I'm just
scrolling through I think I've got all
of them all right now by the way it's
123 and in the headline for this super
Chad you can see it says Tommy Robertson
update so for my British friends and
those around the world who care about
Tommy let me give you just a very brief
update it's not a big update but it is
an update as you may know Tommy
Robertson was supposed to have the his
rehearing on the matter of his contempt
of court case I was supposed to be heard
on September 4th you will recall that
the Court of Appeal released Tommy from
prison in quashed his conviction for
contempt of court
but unfortunately they sent him back for
another hearing that was scheduled for
September 4th more than a month after
Tommy was released and by the way Tommy
was in prison on May 25th so may 25th
June 25th July 25th August 25th
tomorrow's the 3-month anniversary and
then a week to September for
three months and a week and they weren't
ready the government is still not ready
they were instructed by a judge to have
their case their particulars the details
of their case disclosed to Tommy last
week and they didn't do it so the case
is now delayed by nearly a month I think
September 27th is the new hearing date
they're just holding this over Tommy's
head and more bad behavior what it was
so ironic and frustrating to me is that
Tommy Robinson himself was rushed from
arrest to trial to sentencing to
conviction the conviction of sentencing
in five hours and the government of the
United Kingdom can't even put a 1-piece
one-page piece of paper to Tommy in five
months particular izing what he did
wrong that's that's strange
I see another super chat from go lady go
I wish we had firm confirmation from
Andrew Shearer that we are turning away
from globalism like brexit more Trump
style make Canada great again it's funny
you say that because I saw on Twitter in
the past couple of days someone who
claims that I have no photographic
confirmation and just what some guy said
on Twitter is that he had a make Canada
great again hat on and he asked for a
picture with and Russia with his hat on
and Andrew Shearer made him take off the
Hat
why make Canada great again why why why
is it that racist are you just so
terrified of the media and the answer
that is yes I don't think I mentioned it
but there's this weird story that just
went up on the global males website in
the last hour or two about I mean I was
I I got in a little bit later to Halifax
than my colleagues and they saw Hamish
and they chatted with him for a bit and
that gossip reached the globe in mail
and they did a whole news story about
how Hamish said hi to our people and
they had a whole story
as if we're like in high school did you
see did you see who Debby spoke to Debby
spoke to Mike after Mike broke up was
Shirley and like it's just I thought I
was reading some high school gossip and
it was so pitiful but that's what and
she is afraid of what the Rev Li's I
can't imagine there's any legitimate
thing he's worried about other than he
wants to make sure the global males kept
happy and the CBC is kept happy so they
don't write these bizarre high school
gossip style stories about and I saw
Hamish say hi to Ezra and I think Ezra
winked or maybe it was a smile or maybe
yes we just had gas and he was quite
like dad I mean it was so weird and
isn't the better answer just to do what
Maxine Bernay himself did last week when
rosemary Barton treated him unfairly uh
in a news story Maxim Bernie called her
despicable and fake news this and that
isn't that what you do with Liars in the
media why are you submitting to them
another super chat em deep ruled Trump
was rejected by the majority of
Republican candidates yet he won the
presidency conservative party in Canada
has shifted left in my opinion
well ideologically the leader has on the
issue dairy cartels global warming and
censorship so on those three things yes
I just can't even say with certainty
what Andy shooter stands on other
subjects because he's so reticent and so
pink block II media chips in ten bucks
thank you and says why do you think that
Bernie has a no chance of winning in the
age of the internet he has support on
comment threads y ax t WT L Twitter
Facebook YouTube they said Donald Trump
didn't have a chance but the web wonder
forum well that's a very good question
and someone earlier I don't think it was
a super chat said that they would vote
for Bernie if they could well the thing
is you in the Canadian system you can't
vote for Bernie unless you live in one
of 338 ridings in this country is local
jurisdiction called boasts which is
particle back so if you don't do not
live in boats Quebec you cannot go for
him what you do in Canada is you vote
for a member of
party in your district and to set up 338
district associations and nominate 313
candidates across this country or if
you're diving in a contestant all
nominate 200 nominate 100 that is an
extraordinarily large task and to find
quality people and to manage them and to
fundraise and to get its believe me I've
observed it when I worked as a young
person with Preston Manning 200 days a
year on the road church basement Rotary
Club - just the rubber chicken circuit
as they say just that is an enormous
thankless task especially in the second
largest country in the world which is
Canada
and that's that's my chief disagreement
with Bernie's tactic it in under mind
and we share but surely that can't have
being the primary purpose if the primary
purpose was to put Mexican Bernie
himself ahead how on earth did this
accomplish that it just gave him a huge
job why not just bide your time if you
think Andrews here's week why not just
bide your time and pick up the prize
when he drops it if he's gonna drop it
next year that's what I don't care so
yeah you can say you're gonna vote so
when you say in the age of Twitter and
YouTube Donald Trump remember many of
the Republican primaries for what they
call open primaries so anyone could vote
you didn't have to be some specially
selected delegate he did have some
organizers in different states like I
don't know enough about that Iowa
caucuses or whatever but he did have
some boots on the ground there um but
also Donald Trump was a household name
and he had money and he had staff and he
had actually done a lot of spade work in
politics he had done the circuit himself
for years so I really don't think
there's a comparison both our systems
are different and Trump had more of a
team and certainly more money and more
name recognition
David Lincoln ships in 20 bucks thank
you David Ezra why not ask Stephen
Mandela why he ran from a Remington
there's buzz and he had enough
bill Smythe's mayor repetition in Ottawa
you know I I just don't know enough
about that to give a thoughtful reply
David I'm sorry I don't I can't
hey let's check on the time it's 131 I
had one more sip of water than you
happened so much for those who are just
joining us looks like we got about 450
online and people online thank you
I mean Halifax I'm actually right now at
our Airbnb where we're staying to save a
few bucks if you want to help us cover
the cost of reporting I'm here Sheila
GaN Reed is here 8:10 Gil board is here
and our videographer Efron Monsanto it's
here too so there's four of us and we're
staying in two Airbnb is in the same
building which is pretty nice and
afforded more affordable than the
hotel's pretty close by to the
Convention Center if you are in Halifax
itself hey we are having a little meet
up tonight at the Prince George Hotel in
a bar there called a level bar buts from
9:00 p.m. to 11:00 and Sheila and I are
gonna have a big roll of tickets and a
for drinks drink tickets I can lose with
that for you drinking and I think the
first 50 people who come I will give
free t-shirts to you also so just a
little fun thing if you're in town I'm
super chat what is that you can chip in
a few bucks and get your comments put in
bright highlight Jennifer manga hasn't
in the comments she says can they fire
Andrews here yes every party has in
their constitution a way to terminate
the leader and they are scheduled
leadership reviews and some kme depends
on the Constitution after an election
where there's no victory quite often
parties have an automatic or an easy to
do leadership review that is not going
to happen
Andrew Shearer was mainly there only 15
months ago and although it was razor
sharp and Eddie sure obviously didn't do
a proper job of assimilating his rival
Maxine Burnie there was no move afoot to
depose Andrew Shearer if there was I
think Maxine Burnie he took a lot of the
fire out of their bellies and he himself
removed himself from the party
um speaking of which it's funny I've met
some friends in Australia who were
telling me about the regicide down there
how they toppled their latest prime
minister they do that down there the
parties take out their own leaders down
there all the time I don't know if
that's preferable to our own system I
got the same I'm gonna read some more
regular comments if you want me to read
yours for sure just chip in and super
jab
it's 133 we'll keep going until that's
Halifax time is 1233 eastern time we'll
keep goin till the top of the hour Haley
McHale says how can I email Tommy that's
a good question
the last I heard is that the police
still help Tommy's old cell phone so
that doesn't work and I don't actually
think he's back on email I mean I talked
to him through a messaging app and I
talked to her on the phone but I don't
know if you can email him in general and
I don't want to give you the wrong
information I don't know what the
functionality of his sight humming
Robinson dollar online rippie rip says
Trudeau will go down in history as the
worst PM well no I think his own father
has that and remember his own dad was
Prime Minister for about 16 years so we
can do a lot more damage in 16 years and
in four years
Daniel why did Trudeau get away with
rape I don't think anyone has accused
him of rape he's be incredibly accused
of sexual assault as in sexually groping
someone but there's not rape the
Canadian Crusader says Bernier only
wants the spotlight he had the
opportunity to affect policy from within
and he chose not to beating Trudeau was
the most important thing right now it's
a lot of truth there and I would say
your criticisms of Bernie ink are
reasonable but it also falls to Andrews
sheer to not only a have assimilated
Maxine burger named Abby to be putting
up some sort of fight against Justin
Trudeau trio I say again what's on such
a long holiday this
or JAGMAN Singh has been such a failure
why has Andrew shear beam a wall absent
without leave I don't know he pluribus
unum deplorable unum says they told
stole Tommy cell phone what the help
yeah they took it - from him when they
arrested him and from what I heard they
haven't returned it all returns as I
believe that only a major Renaissance
which has never seen before is the only
thing that will save the west from
demise what do you think is room
Renaissance means rebirth and I think
that is true but of course people are
born all the time and ideas come all the
time by rebirth I assume you mean
rediscovering our Western civilization
what made it great in the first place
and valuing that again and not just
throwing it out is like a fool would
toss a pearl back into the sea
Michelle Turner is it not possible to
have people running every rotting as a
Bernie supporter as independent well yes
and to do that still you need 338
quality people and to get on the ballot
and you could call yourself an
independent but Canadians don't
typically support independence
candidates it's just not our custom you
would be better to have them under a
party name but the effort is finding
those 330 and quality people hmm
is Annie Beeman Issa says that's not
split the vote yeah I mean Stephen
Harper United the right Andrew Shearer
and Maxine Bernie ages divided the right
and it's on both of them
Tommy Robinson or Rami Thompson when are
you showing the Katie and Tommy video
girl well that was just recorded I think
like 36 hours ago and we have to edit it
and get it out there and so will not be
this week but I won't get it out too
quickly no tank says Justin's kids
Savior is an old
maybe to honor the Cuban Heritage aha I
have no idea
Xavier is Xavier Xavier its various
spellings of its it's a you know it's
it's a version of word savior so I don't
know if I could call it Spanish or
Italian hmm Ingrid K Warner chips in fly
box Thank You Ingrid do you think Mad
Max would stand a chance if he joined
the Libertarians with Tim Mullin well I
think Maxim Bernier wants to be the boss
of the party and I think it would be
Quebec centric and he says he wants to
start a new party I don't think he wants
to start the Libertarian Party and I
don't know if they want him I mean can't
just say I'm ready to take over a new
party because people who've been working
in that party for years have a sense of
ownership over it all right it's 138 we
got 22 more minutes to see how many more
questions we can get through Ben
Thomason SC's our pants ripped I don't
know what that means Oliver Tim's keep
up the great work Astra I'll donate
later when I'm not working overseas well
that's very nice for you we are 1% of
you were supportive which is which it
means I think in many ways we really
have to be as much in touch with
conservatives in Canada around the world
is any political leader because the bulk
of the funding for Andrew series
government fund he gets a budget from
the office of the leader of the
Opposition every MP gets a budget from
Parliament even donations to the
Conservative Party are not only given
charitable tax treatment but I think
there's some sort of government subsidy
for parties I'm not sure if that's being
revoked but my point is you can be a
politician and never have to raise a
dime and still have a solid chance it
still have all your bills paid and a
solid chance of being reelected
we don't take a dime of any government
money and so we have to earn it every
day which means we have to be attentive
to our people mmm
Marlene Westfall Bernie has to attack
the NDP corruption now I'm not sure what
NDP corruption you're referring to
because of course the NDP are not in
power
there may be some other corruption you
referring to but generally corruption is
when you have power and you abuse it in
some way
real men fish do the right thing she ran
across the floor enthroned your liberals
I don't think that I may have seen that
I'm gonna call it a conspiracy theory
that and Russia is in some way in league
with the Liberals I simply don't think
that's true I think the opposite he
wants to replace the Liberals with
himself the trouble is he thinks the way
to do that is to be like the Liberals on
everything from dairy cartels to global
warming
Tony naggy can you ever see Canada
divided between the east and west
I mean a Canadian split well there are
divisions of course the greatest chance
that would have had happened to happen I
think would have been Quebec separatism
which in came within a percent of
happening in the early 90s the Quebec
referendum if I recall that was in 1995
without double-checking that came within
a percent so that would have had
probably a domino effect other provinces
would have probably had some sort of an
new deal because you take out a quarter
of the population a huge chunk of the
geographic landmass in the middle of the
country you take out the French cultural
fact you really left with a very
different country it's not just a
smaller Canada it's obviously an Anglo
candidates a lot more like Australia
Bromley synth works as greetings from
Birmingham England well hello and thank
you for saying you know what's a the
demonym for someone from Birmingham I
know if you're from Liverpool you're
called the Liverpudlian there's so many
great little nays someone told me what
someone from Sunderland is called
and I can't remember Sunderland eminent
I'm just going to google that from
Sunderland you call that maqam from
Swindon your swing domion and from
Birmingham it's not that exciting
against a rummy
a rummy that is actually cited as its
first irregular chips in a few bucks and
a few pounds it says only four million
white South Africans out of forty five
million yeah um no everyone thinks or
not everyone a lot of people think that
they were the late to commerce but many
of the areas that are farmed by the
Boers we were talking about earlier the
black population came later I know
that's hard to believe but the Brewers
have been in South Africa for centuries
I don't want to get into a deep debate
about South Africa because I don't have
a deep command of the facts but yes the
whites are a small percentage and it is
shrinking probably through emigration of
immigration of blacks and immigration of
whites let's read some more here all
over Tim's cockneys rule I love the
various accents that I hear when I go to
the UK and it takes a little while to
train your ear because sometimes that's
just the way they say things it's not
how we Canadians and certainly not how
Americans talk but it's just I love it I
love it I just the endless variations
and it's it's a fairly small country and
to have different in different parts of
the same city can have accidents I don't
even know how that's possible
but it's to me it's one of the beautiful
things about the UK Oh Jo she says she
wants red PJ's to pet it yeah where's
red PJ's he looks like the kind of guy
who does wear a red flannel PJs Disney
Adam Phillip fellow Brummie abruptly you
know what my late grandmother was a
Mancunian with that new bride been
smokin mmm Zen abhi manisa says Ezra
Levin should lead the Conservative
government well I have no intention of
doing that I have my hands full here the
rebel and I think we provide an
important role we are a nonpartisan
conservative voice and sometimes that
means we criticize and Russia or
sometimes that means we criticize Maxine
Burnie and and vice versa
and there are some strident conservative
partisans who are mad at us if there's
ever any daylight between us and the
Conservatives they
think any criticism at all is disloyal
but but my loyalty is not to a partisan
party it's to our viewers and to the
editorial principals and as I've said a
hundred times and they'll say another
we support the Conservative Party when
it's conservative we criticize it when
it's not we criticize the Liberal Party
when it is liberal and on those rare you
know Halley's comment rare occasions
when it does the right thing we will say
so because we are not a party ourselves
what's the point if we were just a party
we may as well just work you know men
for PR for you know we've it's not we
are we have our independent thoughts ldk
seven seven seven four says rippie rip
the Sweden is not taking Christians
either sweetness in deep trouble
although I hear that's the Sweden
Democrats if I've got the name of the
party right the the nationalist populist
democratic party there that wants halts
at immigration I hear they're leading in
the polls we'll see if that's true
Devin Wong they want to criminalize all
gun ownership first they come free
speech then the ability to defend
yourself and then finally your life yeah
I think you're right and I'm not a I'm
not a scholar of the US Bill of Rights
but it's it seems appropriate that the
First Amendment goes to free speech and
freedom of religion in the Second
Amendment goes to firearms gee I think
you need the Second Amendment to protect
the first one prim Paulo ate chips and
five bucks thank you insist
congratulations on passing 1 million
subs already added over another ten
thousand since then looking good yeah
it's not pretty need we have 1 million
subscribers I don't know the exact
number but you're right we've tacked on
another 10,000 since then so that's good
and it's funny because we just received
our hundred thousand subscriber plaque
only about a month ago it took them so
long to give that to us so now we're
getting the million plaque in fact I
think they're gonna ship that to assume
so the time lag in between this very
show
the next milestone is 10 million so you
get a little placket at 100,000 which is
pretty cool you get another plaque in a
million and then you get a plaque at 10
million I don't know how many ten
million person YouTube accounts they're
on it's gotta be pretty small like you
would you know you guys probably know
but I'm guessing it's a hundred or less
right and I imagine they'll have to make
it a hundred million subscriber plaque
if PewDiePie
can keep it together cuz he's white he's
over sixty million
I see couple more Super chats mmm
block immediate chips in five bucks
thank you follow up with how fast
Communications is now and if there's
well over one year before the election
there's a ton of young people who will
run and support max all right well
you're speaking prospectively and none
of us know the future let's say you're a
young person and you want anyone to
support Maxine Bernie where'd you go
what do you do is there a website for
the new party is there a way to sign up
is there a regular newsletter is there a
club is there a meetup who's gonna pay
who's gonna organize the room who's
gonna paint if it's like at a bar who's
gonna it you don't need to pay for
everything but you do need to pay for
some things who's going to distribute
membership books and collect them and
maybe you don't have books maybe it's
all online maybe all these things are
soluble but every single thing I've just
started to list takes a little bit of
know-how probably a little bit of money
some volunteer time and it's just plain
old work it just doesn't happen
overnight
and I know a lot has changed because in
the internet I am aware of that I I run
a company based on the internet now that
would have been impossible 10 years ago
but there are still enough real
bricks-and-mortar things still I mean
one of the currencies of a campaign is
physical long signs because when you're
driving down a street and you see lawn
signs that is real life proof of what is
in the virtual world of the cyberspace
so someone can have a million Twitter
followers but if they can't get anyone
to put up
long time from their house does that
suggest that it's all fake in the last
election in Ontario which was not that
long ago I lived in a very interesting I
live in a very interesting a district
that's a partly Jewish and probably
Italian and partly upper-class and
partly working-class and it was just
very interesting to me to drive through
the different neighborhoods and see the
signs as some sort of a proxy for what
was going on and it was a riding that's
an old-school very local activist good
guy liberal my Cole I think it's for
seems like a great local guy Italian guy
you know really good egg he's a liberal
but he was a good egg he wasn't even
that partisan was defeated by a
fancy-pants progressive conservative
lawyer who didn't really have a
community profile and listen but it was
just the tide of Doug Ford and you could
detect that with the lawn signs and so
all the fancy ads and Twitter this and
media that that the Liberal Party had
meant nothing because you had real
support on the ground and lawn signs
were a fun way to detect that that's
just a very long-winded way of saying
it's not just who's got tweets and
Twitter Donald Trump had Twitter and
tweets but he a lot more than that I'm
going on for him and of course he took
over a party with its infrastructure so
Donald Trump took over the Republican
Party through a heavy Facebook Twitter
oriented campaign but remember the
system was different where a lot of
grassroots people could just join up
they didn't have to go through a like a
lot of people could just show up and
vote in an open primary and of course
when he won the presidency he took over
the leavers of power of the GOP and
that's what maxing Bernie could have
done if he just was a little more
patient he could have inherited the
party if you believe that Andrew Shearer
would not win the next election and I
think that's that would be the way I
would bet today sorry then when you want
to stick around and just take it over
when he when he loses it if any share
doesn't have the title right honorable
one year from now he's
I mean people are saying all right he
won fair and square and he's a little
weird on some things like dairy cartels
and he's a little weird with his
rivalries with the gravel but that's
minor let's give the guy a chance so
everyone's still sticking with him in
the parties when I sense despite I think
this online support I mean listen this
real support for Maxine Bernie but I
think he cut his own support way down
with his move yesterday but people I
think still understand that the
Conservative Party of Canada with its
hundred MPs and its leader flawed as he
is is the best chance for defeating
Justin Trudeau and I think they will
work hard to make that happen but if it
does not happen
and unless Shearer has a very successful
showing I mean you can still lose but do
very well if if Andrew sheer would come
within ten seats of winning that's a
people wouldn't throw him overboard but
unless he has a significant victory and
I know you're thinking well the only
significant victory is an outright win
well let me just say if he doesn't add
30 or 40 seats to what he has now he
will be gone because people won't have
patience for for that they just won't
make sure I've got all these did I read
this one from a lambertian people see
long term and we'll vote Maxine Bernie a
we must have a real ideas to see lasting
cultural change and stop pandering to
leftist okay I agree with the debate I I
like Bernie on policy I liked his
Twitter stuff but that is being a pundit
that is not actually running like I say
you Maxine Bernie we'll need not be on
your ballot like Donald Trump when
you're not an American so I have never
done this but you vote directly for a
president in the United States everyone
gets to vote Trump or Clinton if I'm
right on that right I mean I've never
done it but I think it's out is in
Canada you don't only the people in that
one little district called boats that's
the name of his riding I think and go
back they only want to see the word Matt
Cimber neeya naana on a ballot everyone
else sees that a member of his party
which does not even been incorporated
yet so you
cannot vote for Maxine Bernier you can
unless you live in this rod you can vote
for his party infrastructure but he has
no infrastructure on their block emedia
says thanks for answering my questions
wish I can type more into the SC box
interesting times in Canadian politics
lots of directions it can go before the
election you know it's funny the size of
your super chat box increases with the
amount of dough and I'm not signing in
to put in more dough gives you're very
generous but I think like the other day
someone actually put in $50 and they had
a lot of room to say what they wanted to
say I'm not telling you to do that this
thing you couldn't do that if you really
wanted to
Darwyn small chips in two bucks thanks
very much i 2054 so we've got six
minutes left I'm just having a simple
water forgive me I'm just talking so
much um okay so let's read some more
comments Ben Tomlinson Jason Kenney is
likely going to return to federal
politics after 2019
I disagree 2019 is the Alberta
provincial election and he will need at
least one term to fix the problems and
if he fixes the problems that Alberta is
really humming I think it's quite like
he will stay for a second term that said
he is young enough that he could do two
terms as Alberta premier and still go
federal when the occasion warrants hmm
Stephanie M thank you for your comments
I am much more at ease with your
position okay I'm not sure if you're
talking to me hail amber thanks for
answering god bless well thank you for
that Christopher key to open the borders
to secure votes for generations of
liberals well yeah that's the thing is
that I saw an old newspaper clipping
about the South Vietnamese who I think
of selfie means refugees who wanted to
come to America and the Democratic Party
governor of California was very lately
again
why I mean they were visible minorities
so they check all the political correct
boxes they were genuine refugees they
really were gonna get killed why would
the left-wing governor of California be
canceled well because they were
anti-communist and he knew they would
likely vote Republican so I put it to
you that if Mexicans were and if
Haitians and at Puerto Ricans although
that they are Americans let me just say
Mexicans and Haitians and and
Guatemalans and Hondurans if they were
natural Republican voters I that wall
would have been built by attempt by
Barack Obama that wall would have been
built by Bill Clinton as his first
irregular says discussing so that
complaint after the show okay same thing
one are the Maritimes shifting away from
liberal yet well I put in a different
way the maritime liberals are shifting
away from Justin Trudeau you see a slow
and quiet rebellion against Trudeau's
carbon tax out here in the Atlantic
premiere after premiers saying well mate
we've already got our carbon tax
it's our gasoline tax which is a cheeky
and thoughtful way of saying yeah we
already have a carbon tax we're not
going to take another thank you very
little um for the first year to Justin
Trudeau's prime ministership the
premiers of the Atlantic provinces who
were all liberal to were timid ostrich
mice they didn't say a word they didn't
stand up for the energy East pipeline
which would have been an enormous
benefit let me say this well the
Atlantic wonderful people
beautiful geography great history
delicious food proud Patriots but it's
poor is poor I'm so dirt poor but it's
poor and boy they could use some more
industry boy they could use some
fracking they could use the energy East
pipeline fifteen point seven billion
dollar construction project that's a lot
of money but it was Justin Trudeau and
actually on the provincial side with
fracking that blocked all that Ben
Tomlinson what do you think of the cat
could coalition a venir du Quebec
leading in Quebec
I think it's very exciting and I think
that Justin Trudeau sees that out of the
corner of his eye I'll take your word on
the polls I haven't seen them but it
wouldn't surprise me a bit leaning
I think this immigration open border
Singh is a big partner Pete Anderson
shipped in 999 thanks Pete
I don't see a comment I think there's a
little thumbs up emoticon there yeah
it's yellow on yellow so it's a little
hard to see but thanks for that Pete
appreciate it funky monkey five pounds
great Channel respect hey thanks funky
monkey you know we have a toehold in the
UK which I presume it's where you're
from judging from the factory chipping
Indian pounds we've got Jack buck be
over there we got Katie Hopkins over
there Martina Marc Kota is over there
although she speaks with an American
accent and does listen to British
centric stuff and we've got 152,000
supporters in the UK last I checked it
may be higher now I don't know maybe
lower so we love the UK too it's very
interesting to us because we're Canadian
and we come from the UK historically
that's half part of our country there is
a french quarter to our country two of
which might seem Brunei's apart okay let
me read some more Block E media 20 bucks
thank you I'll meet you kind of halfway
best to Tommy and if he's interested up
to it he should come out to North
America
well Tommy can't travel to North America
for several reasons including that he
has criminal offenses on his record and
there's also a passport issue attract
one of the offenses as to his passport I
think so it's difficult to get him to
North America now he can travel to
continental Europe and other places that
are more loosey-goosey but I don't think
he can come north I wish he could
because I think Americans should hear
his story and I think Canaan to do his
story and I think he would like it in
America because people are a little
freer all right is 159 so I Atlantic
Times which is 1259 Eastern Time which
is 559 Greenwich Mean Time so we're
gonna wrap up I'm just gonna see if this
have one or two more fun ones to read
Christie Katie Hopkins is not as good as
you answer the Hopkins is different than
me
and everyone has their own taste and
style and I admire Katie in many ways
and we're just different people and she
sat down with Tommy for more than an
hour and I wasn't there was in London
and I heard it was a very powerful
interview I have not actually seen the
whole thing yet but I mention it's gonna
be a big hit
Saint Jean d'Arc
I know Ezra heartily supported
terracotta he's a friend of rebel media
and Azure does very warm lengthy
interviews with charity that's true we
have great friends who are progressive
Muslims ranging from Rahill rather the
Terek fanaticism
Mansu and obviously I'm not going to
list every Ally we have we have a
regular contributor Down Under named
tanveer Ahmed dr. tan vehement fact he
came with his honor Ezreal trip so we
have a lot of Muslim contributors but
they're of course progressive Muslims
are not of the Islamist persuasion folks
it's 2 p.m. out here which means we've
been doing it for an hour thanks very
much I see that half a thousand people
were on the show appreciate that I know
not everyone wants the details of inside
conservative Canada political gossip but
it was an important day and we were
actually a part of it
I had the rebel that's it for today I
will be doing my show tonight at 8 p.m.
Eastern Time
from Halifax so do tune in and until
then on behalf of our little squad here
in Halifax goodbye and keep fighting for
freedom
