for the rebel dawn media I'm as relevant
as you can see from the port behind me
I'm in Halifax Nova Scotia I'm here to
cover the Conservative Party convention
and before we even landed oh my god was
the news of the day set Maxime Bernier
who lost the leadership 15 months ago -
Andrew Shearer by just a pointer so quit
the party in a press conference in
Ottawa to take here take a quick look
about if we want conservative principles
to win the bottle of ideas we have to
defend them openly with passion and with
conviction that is what I want to do and
this is why as of today I'm no longer a
member of the Conservative Party of
Canada I want to do politics differently
I will find another way to give a voice
to millions of Canadians and I will
continue to fight for freedom
responsibility fairness and respect yes
see now Maxime Bernier was becoming
quite a handful for Andrew Shearer over
the past week or so in a series of
tweets he started expressing party
policy or at least a version of party
policy in a way that was tantalizing
riveting fascinating upsetting to some
especially the liberal media he
challenged Justin Trudeau's bromides
about diversity is our strength he
challenged immigration and
multiculturalism sacred cows he even
took on the CBC in my favorite tweets he
called the CBC fake news and he called
out rosemary Barton their lead political
reporter as despicable well this was
very exciting
leading to an exciting convention
because of course Andrew Shearer and
Maxine Bernier weren't just personal
rivals they were policy rivals on the
key issue of supply management which is
a fancy way of saying high tariffs to
protect Quebec dairy farmers it's
actually not a key issue it's not an
important issue certainly not for
conservatives but Andrew Shearer made a
deal with the devil he basically said to
Quebec
dairy farmers if you put me over the top
in my leadership I'll reward you and
indeed they did and so did he
what's fascinating is that Bernier
didn't just quit the party he quit the
party and said he would be creating his
new party I suppose the first big
headline out of this convention is
Stephen Harper United the right and
Maxine Bernier divided the right but I'm
not gonna put all of it on Maxine
Bernier because as I mentioned the
leadership race for the Conservative
Party happened 15 months ago and isn't
the first job of any winner in a
political coalition to get the other the
second the third the fourth place
contenders to be part of the new
coalition give them a prominent job
that's what Stephen Harper did when he
took over a fractured Canadian Alliance
party he first brought back the rebel
caucus of Chuck Strahl and Deborah gray
and others he unified them and then he
reached out to Peter MacKay of the
Conservative Party and gave him a very
prominent position so you reach out to
the people you defeat and you bring them
in 15 months Andrew Shearer had that
task and he didn't do it isn't that the
most important job of a winner in an
election race ask Jean chrétien that's
what he did with Paul Martin Paul Martin
was a handful just like Maxime Bernie
was a handful one of the most shocking
things I heard today at Maxine Bernie's
press conference was that Andrew Shearer
hadn't even talked to him for nine days
and I mean that sounds like a needy
demand well how come he's not talking to
me well in those past nine days Maxime
Bernier was being digging up all sorts
of political back yards and for Andrew
Shearer to have a hands-off approach
like that is absurd and as I said on my
show on Wednesday night how difficult
would it have been for Andrew sheered to
co-opt or compromise with Maxine Bernie
I probably would have meant giving up on
the dairy cartel but that's the right
thing to do anyways it's probably gonna
happen in the NAFTA deal anyways is that
really such an awful compromise that
this result is preferred and that's the
thing
what deal with Maxine Bernier could
Andrew Shearer have come to what
compromise what baubles could he have
thrown to Andrew to Maxine Burnie make
him that co-leader in Quebec give him
his dairy cartel win none of those
compromises would have been as damaging
to the party or Andrew Shearer as
driving Maxine Bernier out now let me
say a word about bernier I enjoyed his
tweets over the past couple of weeks I
thought he was a very clear communicator
and frankly I thought he wasn't
deviating too far from party policy to
be an actual problem he was just
clarifying and sharpening it I liked the
fact that he was attacking the media
party but why would he quit why would he
quit in the huff and split the right why
didn't he continue on what he was doing
he was already having a site area effect
on the party he already caused Andrew
Shearer himself to do a series of tweets
firming up in the face of Justin Trudeau
he already caused Michelle Rempel the
party's official integration critic to
have a press conference seeming to firm
up her position
Maxine Bernier in a few short weeks was
already changing the party from within
he had remember 49% of the party behind
him 15 months ago probably 49% of the
people at the Halifax convention are
Bernier supporters and frankly if his
goal was to be thrown out anyways why
not see what how far he could push it
from within why not see what changes he
could get from within working the
convention working the votes working the
delegates why split away and there's no
chance that Maxine Bernier and his new
party will be the prime minister there's
no chance at all I like Maxine Bernier
in case it's not evident but what has he
done here I think both Andrew Shearer
and Maxine Bernier they're squabble
their quarrel after 15 months I think
that they have Scotch the chances of the
party to win now Andrew she was doing
poorly in the polls there's no reason he
shouldn't be leading Justin Trudeau has
had a disastrous year from his india
dancing trip to the NAFTA fiasco to his
grope gates there's so many reasons just
Trudeau's should be behind in the polls
look at Doug Ford he just won Jason
Kennedy's about to win in the West
why is Andrew Shearer behind in the
polls but I still think there was a
chance he would have won but if Maxine
Bernier does in fact start up his new
party
I believe that's enough to shave 510
percent of the vote in key ridings and
deny the Conservatives a majority that
is a disastrous result and I place it on
the heads of both Andrew Shearer and
Maxine Burnie on Andrew Shearer for Mont
not being the kind of leader that John
Christian was for not co-opting and
cementing close to him his rival as Jean
chrétien did to Paul Martin I blame
Maxine Bernier for not fighting within
the party architecture within the party
Constitution within the party convention
that starts today why did he not even
come to try I blame him for running off
at the first whiff of gunpowder instead
of digging in he was already having an
effect I think these two leaders are
much smaller today and although the
party's putting on a brave face I think
they know that even the perception of
this split ISM of this civil war is
going to immediately knock them down
several points in the polls I don't want
to harp on the fact that Andrew Shearer
in a fit of pique has banned the rabble
the only conservative media outlet in
Canada from actually attending the
convention that's obviously not gonna
stop us from doing our job but it makes
me think perhaps if he was focused on
the grander aspects of his strategy of
locking in the Bernie wing of the party
and maybe deploying Bernie to actually
help him win in Quebec he was following
rabbit tracks chasing rabbit tracks
instead of big game I'm not saying it's
impossible to turn it around but as of
this point I think the chances of a
conservative victory in 2019 are lower
than they have been in a year and
frankly I think it falls to us here at
the rebel to work even harder to promote
the conservative view of things to
criticize both the Conservative Party
and the Liberal Party but the
Conservative Party too when it falls
down and doesn't live up to the
expectations of conservative Canadians
we'll have more reports from you in the
days ahead Sheila Gunn read is here as
well we have two staffers as you can see
we're traveling low budget we're
literally staying in an Airbnb room
instead of in a hotel we flew here
economically if you can help chip in to
the cost of our trip please do go to let
us report com sign the petition that
we're going to try to deliver it to
Andrew share and if you want to help
cover the cost of our rooms and and our
flights you can do that so at let us
report calm we'll have more to say in
the days ahead and hopefully we'll have
some good news but the headline today is
the party is divided for the rebel down
media I'm as relevant we're here for the
next two days at the conservative
convention giving you the only reliable
reports on what's going on I mean what
are you gonna do trust the CBC keep it
here at the rebel dawn media
you
