around a quarter of a million people
have come to London to March for a
second vote on whether Britain leaves
the EU many are wealthy Londoners
isolated from the chaos of mass
migration others have been bussed in
from student villan around the country
they call themselves the people's vote
and I know what you're thinking the
people already voted except this lot
didn't like the answer they say well
Brecht it's such a mess we'll vote again
they say people didn't know what they
voted for we'll vote again in fact some
of them even say a lot of people who
voted leave are now dead
so let's vote again thankfully our
intrepid reporter Joan O'Brien is back
on the streets finding out by these
privileged white people who voted remain
now think a second vote is democratic
you can watch Joan in action right now
my name is Joan O'Brien and I am back to
make a second vote on breakfast most of
the people that voted leave were just
mad race it's any way
asking people what they think asking
people for their opinion is actually
quite a blooming bad idea
because they'll vote for the wrong table
fare me myself and maybe all there are
Europeans you could not vote for this my
son my told you is 18 he couldn't Road
cities there's no question about giving
people that simple choice at a time when
no one knew what the real implications
of it were you know remain in the
European Union or leave the European
Union what does that really mean Alfie
you're here for a people's vote
give me a poor do you want a second say
do you even know what you want
goodness me dogs you're so enthusiastic
do you want another vote on Brett
amongst all this mess one thing is
perfectly clear on the 23rd of June 2016
leaves celebrated its win and it pretty
much lay down the battle Faraj gave up
for example these guys didn't the remain
campaign carried on campaigning and it
really feels now with the support of a
political establishment with the
judiciary behind them with untold
amounts of funding coming in and their
ability to mobilize this number of
people that the people's vote remainders
have the upper hand we need to think
again and we need time to think again so
we can do it properly and people need to
vote again more people would vote and I
think more people would vote to stay we
thought there was a trickle of Hope now
we might get some chance to stay in the
EU but that's it tomorrow but it's a
sort of a feeling of Hope is what you're
saying there's so many people and very
good speeches but just the feeling in
the crowd has been amazing some big
questions remain off the back of the
people's vote today you know what is the
will of the people is it a democratic
election where there's a binary decision
and the people voted or is it the most
people you can get gathered together in
a public square you know for every one
of these cheers and applause that you
hear here there is frustration and anger
felt by leave voters in a great little
place I know called the rest of the UK I
do wonder you know what will happen to
the 17 point 4 million people
what reason would they ever have to vote
again and how does the regular man in
the street ever get his voice heard if
this vote for brexit is overturned
you
you
