a modern-day rapper is comparing herself
to an American Hero
more on that story coming up today on
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
ester from the Bible Margaret Thatcher
Joan of Arc Sacagawea Marie Curie Mother
Teresa susan b anthony helen keller
although she was a self-avowed socialist
Condoleezza Rice all amazing women all
deserving of honor and respect and
acclaim but how about Nicki Minaj would
you include her in that list Nicki Minaj
butt implants sexual promiscuity and a
song called anaconda about the male
anatomy that's pretty much Nicki Minaj
in a nutshell but she thinks that she is
much more much much much more now I'll
get into that in a minute but Nicki
Minaj for those of you who don't know is
a recording artist her real name is
Onika Tanya Mirage and she's from Queens
New York she is currently signed I
believe - rapper Lil Wayne's label Young
Money and she seems to think that she is
a real-life hero and martyr in fact
she's comparing herself to a woman whose
courage compelled her to liberate her
own family
from enslavement and then go back to
deadly enemy territory to extract others
Harriet Tubman Harriet Tubman handled
business and saved lives in the process
but nicki minaj is comparing her fight
for streaming services to count toward
billboard rankings and stats - Harriet
Tubman's fight to free slaves on Monday
Nikki tweeted this all the Queen's I
remember shook s word up queen of the
week may go to Harriet Tubman had she
just sat there and ate her rice you in
words history would have been a lot less
triumphant and then continue tweeting
and here it is hashtag queen radio will
honor her tomorrow she said she could
have rescued more slaves had they known
they were slaves I fought for streaming
services to count toward Billboard when
a lot of inwards stayed quiet okay
now a lot of people in Hollywood suffer
from a heightened degree of
self-righteousness egocentricity and god
complex and to be fair it's not just
Hollywood it happens in the medical
field you find that sometimes with
surgeons of course it happens in
politics but it does seem to be more
rampant or maybe just more visible in
Hollywood and it's partly our our fault
and the faults of our culture lifting
them atop a pedestal that they so
clearly don't deserve we are a nation of
false idols and we have lost sight of
who our true heroes and role models
ought to be the breakdown of the family
has made it difficult for many to look
up to their own parents a lot of kids
now don't go to church so biblical role
models are out the window and no one is
really reading books
so Thomas Sol George Washington Thomas
Jefferson Margaret Thatcher Ronald
Reagan Billy Graham no one knows enough
about them to learn lessons from them we
have replaced them with people like the
Kardashians and chance the rapper and
Nicki Minaj apparently now I would
encourage the youth of today to step
away from Spotify and music rental
services and go to a book rental service
a library thanks for watching everybody
I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
