after throwing a hissy fit over racist
rice it turns out that Dom Butler MP
enjoyed a five-day luxury holiday in
Sicily on Parliament's time
if you hadn't heard of dawn Butler
you've definitely heard of her now she's
the Member of Parliament who flipped out
over a Jamie Oliver recipe stating that
cultural appropriation needs to stop now
there's lots of reasons to hate Jamie
Oliver one of them being with a the fact
that he messed with our school dinners
but this is all a bit ludicrous
basically she didn't want Jamie Oliver
cooking jerk dishes so it's fair enough
to say that his new recipe jerk rice was
crap maybe it was crap not tried it his
Joe Christ it didn't contain any of the
normal ingredients that you'd find in
joe at recipes don't ask me about that
i'm a crack cook but i know that because
I've been looking it up but to call it
appropriation I mean please a white guy
can cook jerk
you can cook jerk badly if he wants and
black guys can cook Lancashire hotpot
I'm not offensive I'm not offended if
people culturally appropriate language
now hot pot you know the staple dish of
my family up north but food is food and
whatever happened to cultural
appreciation all this seems a bit rich
to me especially by the way when he
considered the photos of Dawn but were
wearing a sari the cultural
appropriation needs to end what's she
doing wearing Indian clothes who does
she think she is and after she flipped
out over the right by the way some
interesting new information has come to
light it turns out that dawn the shadowy
qualities Minister enjoyed a luxury trip
to Sicily funded by the Institute of
Travel and Tourism the mail reports
shadow equalities minister dawn butter
is facing freeloading jives after
spending a week at a luxury hotel on
Sicily for a two-day tourism conference
miss Butler went on the joints of the
opulent Hilton gear Dini Naxos which
boasts panoramic views of the Ionian Sea
earlier this summer the trip was funded
by the Institute of travel and tourism
which was staging its annual conference
at the resort but according to the
register of MP's interests miss Butler
arrived on May 30th five days before the
gathering kicked off so for her
important trip to Sicily about equality
she stayed for five days before the
conference even started in a luxurious
hotel it's all right for some isn't it
whoever thought that MPs didn't have it
grey
it's not the first controversy either by
the way because Dom Butler was
criticized back in 2009 for claiming
almost the entire annual allowance for a
second home but that was despite the
fact that her second home was the same
distance from Parliament that it was in
Stratford as her second home in Brent
house that and by the way on Monday
night three people were killed in her
constituency a Brent in a gang shooting
so short on you keep on banging on about
that racist rice I'm glad to know your
priorities are in order if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
