so as I've told any conservative who
asked me one of shears challenges is
what are you gonna do with Bernie this
is not the first time in history that a
prime minister or a party leader has had
an ambitious rival in caucus in fact
it's rare that they don't
yesterday Lauren Gunter and I talked
about how I was drunk rich N and Paul
Martin quarreled for a decade and we
focused on how drunk rich am finally
handed over the reins of the Liberal
Party to Paul Martin but put in various
poison pills to wreck it for his
successor but the real lesson is that
John crach and managed to harness Paul
Martin's strengths and keep it together
for a decade before it all fell apart
he knew Paul Martin was ambitious and
connected and had a strong reputation
with certain constituencies and
crescentin found a modus vivendi a way
of living together with his rival that
was successful isn't that in a way one
of Christians most significant
achievements only in that it allowed
crach and to have any of his other
achievements imagine if instead Paul
Martin would have bolted from the party
or behaved in a mutinous manner I mean
he did to some degree he built up a
rival organization for years he slowly
colonized all the levers of the party
but he kept his political gunpowder dry
for a decade he didn't shoot at John
Craig Chen until the very end when he
felt their agreement had expired
isn't that the analogy here isn't Andrew
sheers first job to unify his party
behind him to not only make himself the
true leader in reality as well as in
form but to find out how to deploy
Maxine Bernie's strengths to the benefit
of the party itself to shears own
benefit yes yes we know they have policy
differences especially on supply
management how odd that Andrew shear
would let that obscure weird issue
derail party unity especially when what
80% of the party knows that supply
management of dairy cartels is in the
wrong policy it's it's weird and
stubborn of Andrew Shearer imagine
making a deal with Bernie on that
imagine if Andrew sure made a deal with
Bernie and let Bernie a himself be the
point man on the
file as in mention of Andrew Shearer
said to burn yay okay tough guy you want
the Conservative Party to take on the
Quebec dairy industry literally the
sacred cows sacred milk cows a can of
fine
imagine Enders you're saying fine I
agree with your idea I accept your idea
but you have to execute it your job
Maxime Bernie is to come up with the new
policy and to be the salesman for it in
Quebec go in and do the heavy lifting
yourself you want it you got it
would that be smart I think it would be
it would take away Bernie AIDS policy
grievance we'd give Bernie a very busy
job to keep them occupied and it would
actually use Bernie's talents and skills
his Quebec reputation his French fluency
his confidence and knowledge in the file
and if Andrew she really thinks it's
political suicide to take on the dairy
cartel why what better gift to give to
his rival bernie a now I'm just
brainstorming here but really Jean
chrétien put bass Street Paul Martin on
to the toughest file he could selling
the GST to the country after promising
eats Gravatt reducing the deficit fixing
the country's finances that was probably
the toughest job in the government in
the time so Gretchen not really relied
on Martyn's talents but he kept them
busy and gave him the tough job isn't
that an obvious template here there are
other scenarios of course I don't make
Bernie a the co-leader for Quebec give
them the title deputy leader give him
the job of going around Quebec and
digging up the political backyards of
Liberals and the NDP again what a great
fit including Bernie's views on
immigration and culture because remember
from the Angus repo we saw yesterday
Quebec is the province where literally
51% of people want less immigration
that's the highest number in Canada
after Saskatchewan Bernie is a total fit
for that file while the Anglo press in
Canada has been savaging Bernie the
Quebec press is almost unanimous in
support of him great send Maxine Burnie
out with the mission of winning 25 seats
in Quebec 35 seats why not go take them
from the NDP the
Quebec was dead look at how Justin
Trudeau bad-mouths
old stock québécois I think Maxime
Bernier could do it now that's just
brainstorming cut a deal with Bernie a
use his talents you don't like him you
don't want to compromise with your rival
that's odd
Andrew sheer compromises on everything
else he talks to the media who hate him
he submits to them he submits to Dairy
Farmers whatever but he won't compromise
with the guy who won 49 percent of the
vote last year and who has a larger
public presence and he does
you'd think compromise would be shears
strength it's what he did for a decade
as the Speaker of the House as I told
any conservatives who complains to me
there are two other options with Maxine
Bernie a you could fire him from the
party good luck with that that would
cause our rift that would demoralize the
party de-energize it especially in
Quebec I mean it's one thing for Andrew
Shue to bravely ban the grassroots rebel
but to ban Bernier
that's really telling forty-nine percent
of the party to leave and on what basis
because he's cutting into the leaders
celebrity action because he's taking the
media limelight sorry media attention is
earned it's not given and who Shearer
won't get any more media coverage if he
sacks Bernier the opposite Bernie will
completely be unleashed
he will not be restrained at all he'll
be the daily go-to source for the media
on anything including the criticize
Shearer I mean I guess sure we'll get
more press than he ever has before but
it'll all be about how the party is
splitting up how he's dividing the right
after Stephen Harper United it so yeah
firing and firing Bernie probably won't
work and Andrew shares default policy
has been what you'd expect passivity
inertia indecision hesitation he's just
closing his eyes and ears and hoping
that all this bad stuff will go away
that's called denial and it's not
working very well is it so the first
solution for Andrew Shearer is to strike
a deal with Bernie a like rich and
Martin and if he can't do that doesn't
that say something about his abilities
as a political leader if he can't handle
Bernier
how could he as a future prime minister
how could he handle bigger tougher
challenges like oh I don't know John
Horgan the calcitriol premier bridge
Colombia was blocking the pipeline
unconstitutionally or how could he
possibly handle Donald Trump in an after
negotiations if you can't handle Bernie
a you can't handle Horgan or Trump it's
a test you bet it is I think there's
still a lot of goodwill towards Andrew
Shearer in the party I still have good
will towards him CEO despite how he's
treated us here at the rebel of course
we want him to win over Justin Trudeau
of course we don't want the Bernier to
split the party that would just give the
Liberals another 10 years in power but
Andrew Shearer the conservative leader
has not been very conservative and he
has not shown a lot of leadership
politics can be a centrifugal force you
know what I mean things falling apart
stresses and grievances and issues can
pull a party apart can pull the caucus
apart for sure and grassroots members
the leader his job is to hold them
together through a common sense of
mission and action and through example
and by inspiration I don't think Andrew
Shearer is ticking those boxes yet when
senior party staffers working in his
office are contacting me telling me they
agree with their criticism of our
greatest criticism of Andrew Shearer
that's not good
his own inner team isn't even gelled yet
how are you gonna inspire the country if
you can inspire your own staff but let
me end with my long-standing criticism
because I think it all goes well I mean
it goes to all these other issues and
and that's Andrew here's fear of the
mainstream media I'd have one phone call
with a very senior member of shears team
I'm not going to say who and I said why
are you guys boycotting us why are you
banning us why won't you even why are
you telling all your MPs I'm going to
talk to us and forget about me I mean
it's not personal I will talk to Dave
Menzies how about
Sheila Gunn read I would talk to any of
our people and and my senior senior
connection said because if we interact
with you the rebel that in itself
becomes a media story for a whole week
and it's true he's right
all those gossips on the lobbyists
panels on the TV shows they would go
nuts the Trudeau fangirls of the CBC
would go nuts what my connection said to
me is completely true but it is also
completely pitiful and not conservative
and not leaderly it's an admission that
Andrew Shearer and the people around him
care more about what the gossip girls
say than they do about their own
internal compass about what's right and
wrong and how to govern let alone their
own party's base on any given day we
hear the Rebbe will have more viewers
then the CBC's show the national their
flagship news show has on TV so it's not
even like the CBC is a real threat and
those viewers they're not vote in
conservative anyway so the only threat
here is psychologically emotionally
Andrew Shearer is actually being bullied
being pushed around being peer pressured
by a small group of people who hate him
it's it's a kind of battered women's
syndrome kind of Stockholm Syndrome he
keeps thinking that maybe if he just
appeases the CBC and MacLaine's and the
Toronto Star and Huffington Post
maybe they'll really like him and be
kind to him next time and maybe even
they'll cheer for him at the next
election no that's not going to happen
other than the Toronto Sun the rabble
will be the only media in the country
who gives him and the Conservatives a
fair shake but as long as he seeks the
approval of the media party he will be
hamstrung he won't be able to clearly
articulate conservative ideas he won't
be able to take on sacred cows like the
Quebec dairy cartel he'll be afraid of
dealing with conservative leaders
like Maxine Bernier and he'll continue
his weird boycott of the biggest
conservative media outlet in Canada
that's my advice for Andrew Shearer I've
given it I don't know half a dozen of
his MPs and Senators and staff I wonder
what they'll do with that that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
