michael cohen has new in Demming
information on the trump tower meeting
or does he well it appears if you listen
to the mainstream media then Michael
Cohen is gonna bring down Donald Trump
he has new and damning information that
President Trump knew all about the Trump
Tower meeting between Don junior the
Russian lawyer and other members of the
Trump campaign team and that afterwards
Donald Trump but even more information
that this meeting was done in collusion
and conspiracy with Russia that's what
the mainstream media is telling us right
but what is Cohen's lawyer Lonny Davis
saying well on CNN last night Lanny
Davis told Anderson Cooper that Cohen
has no information whatsoever despite
all of the anonymously sourced
mainstream media reports to the contrary
that Cohen has no information whatsoever
on the Trump Tower meeting he has no
information whether or not Donald Trump
knew prior to the meeting
he has no information as to whether or
not Donald Trump learned about the
meeting immediately after the meeting he
has no information as to whether or not
Donald Trump colluded or conspired with
Russia about the meeting or learned
about collusion or conspiracy with
Russia after the meeting no information
in fact he testified to that exact same
effect to both the House and Senate
intelligence committees under oath he
has no information Lanny Davis went on
CNN last night and said he has no new
information he does not have any
information about the Trump Tower
meeting that would be useful to Robert
Muller the Washington Post a New York
Times CNN MSNBC or anyone else trying to
bring down the sitting president of the
United States so the media is now
literally making things up now another
interesting little tidbit apparently
Lanny Davis
the general the lead counsel the Tom
Hagen if you've ever watched the
Godfather for the Clinton syndicate he
had Michael Cohen plead guilty and one
of the charges was false and misleading
statements to a financial institution
the only problem is that that charge
does not exist as a criminal violation
in the United States code yes you heard
me correctly Michael Cohen pled guilty
and allocated to a charge that
technically does not exist in the United
States code there is no charge for false
and misleading statements to a financial
institution there is a charge of bank
fraud 18 US Code 1344 that covers false
and misleading statements but there is
no false and misleading statements to a
financial institution proper charge in
the United States Code much like there's
no charge of collusion in the United
States Code now clearly the government
is charging a Cohen with bank fraud
that's even more problematic because the
same government charged and got a guilty
plea from Imran a 1 W while serving
Schultz's IT staff or on bank fraud that
same exact 18 US Code
13:44 same exact statue and Imran Iran
in Rana Juan was given a walk no jail
time no jail time was asked for by the
prosecutors by Jeff Sessions Department
of Justice Jeff Sessions Department of
Justice not robert muller handled the
michael cohen case remember robert
muller pushed the michael cohen case off
to the Southern District of New York so
the same DOJ run by the same people Rob
Rosen Stein and Jeff Sessions gave the
Democratic IT staff or with ties we
believe to Pakistani intelligence the
ISI a walk and for the same exact charge
Michael Cohen is facing three to five
years in prison because the campaign
finance charge is nonsensical
Donald Trump is witnessing a group of
people try to steal his presidency out
from under him with concocted scandals
the president is getting terrible advice
regarding punching back and getting
aggressive president united states
better come out punching and i mean a
shock-and-awe full offensive campaign
because if he doesn't if he doesn't
these people are going to succeed in
toppling his presidency stick in with me
every day and check out my live show
declassified live 7:30 a.m. on the rebel
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching tune in to us on youtube you're
gonna love that live show you can chat
with us again thanks for watching
