what does he do we design affect favor
one side of an election is what Facebook
and Twitter and all the other social
platform that doing on their own these
math suspensions of conservatives well I
mean our former colleague Gavin McInnes
who's gone on to see our TV and we still
keep in touch with him I mean he's he's
hilarious he's crazy the gonzo
journalist he's a comedian but he's also
underneath it all a conservative folk
philosopher and I mean he's an
interesting character but I would say
he's similar to liberal late-night
comedy hosts who they've got a stick
they have some talents but underneath it
all they have an ideology and you know
they go too far they get crazy I mean
they do things that are rude but
underneath it they have a liberal point
of view I see that as Gavin on the right
but he was deleted and he had it more
than a quarter million but a quarter
million followers and all of his
followers who call themselves the proud
boys they had all of their accounts
deleted at once no notice no warning no
appeal no explanation millions of
followers amongst all of his proud voice
combined that level of censorship when
you're in the million censorship mark
that has more effect than anything the
Russians did that's my view and that's
just one guy that doesn't even talk
about other voices on the right I mean
Alex Jones perhaps the biggest
censorship target of the mall he had 2.4
million YouTube subscribers Alan we've
been working here at the rebel for three
and a half years we're very proud that
we just hit the million subscriber mark
on YouTube Alex Jones at 2.4 million and
I'm not here to endorse all his messages
I think he's an entertainer also there's
a whole level of humor and and show biz
and stick there too but again underneath
it he has the ideology of skepticism and
dissent and being distrustful of big
government and I think there's some
value there who've gone 2.4 million
followers gone that's bigger than
anything Russia ever did yeah Silicon
Valley giant is must
the universe have no respect for
alternative mean alternative journalists
they they even banned one of my graphics
artists who does work for the bright bar
to us with actually designed the header
image on that article and as he said you
know that what this really does the for
an erection is severely hamper almost
crippled the the rights ability to
organize online in the digital the
digital space is where sort of
grassroots movements are now sort of
incubated in bills and as he said they
didn't just bang Gavin McInnes they
banned his prostration that he founded
the travois I knew this is a pro-western
organization and that they banned it for
ridiculous recently supports finance it
was preceded surrounds violence that
could be many instances where the crowd
boys have been attacked by and keifa
like violet for activists and I've had
to defend themselves but they certainly
don't advocate advocate BIOS and sounds
what's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
