well christmas came early the white
night of the Democratic Party Chelsea
Clinton has finally kind of sort of
answered the call to be the hero America
definitely doesn't need but one the
Democratic Party definitely deserves
this is going to be great for the
Republicans and also give us a clearer
picture of whether or not Hillary
Clinton will run and this is hilarious
to me on so many levels
recently Chelsea said that she may be
definitely wink will run for office and
this is amazing to me what is the image
that the Democratic Party is trying to
push I mean obviously the biggest knock
is that they're a bunch of the least
right but if you ask anyone else they're
like oh we're the working-class we are
the minorities we're the trodden upon
we're that we're those people trying to
strive to the top could you pick a
candidate more opposite than Chelsea
Clinton to embody that by those stand I
mean
someone born into the election her
father to terms in office mother forty
years in government by far Ocasio
socialist open socialist Cortez is a
much more clear image of what they're
trying to push which both of these can
you imagine that in that debate
Wow scary to think about Democrats where
your party is going but that is
hilarious to me that you could let some
of that opposite to try to lead your
party and - I think this would
absolutely be hilarious because what was
Hillary Clinton's biggest knock right
she was corrupt in super shady and yes
you can't blame Chelsea Clinton for the
fault of her parents I totally
understand I agree that but she's still
under that same tree she's still been
around in her entire life and she is no
shortage shortage of weird shady things
that have happened around her I think
she'd be the only presidential candidate
to ever have an open dialogue with the
Church of Satan to try to run for office
this would be hilarious can you imagine
the debates with Donald Trump and
hilarya and Hillary Clinton were grave
can you imagine Donald Trump versus
Chelsea Clinton he'd be like okay
Chelsea what question who's gonna be a
running mate it's gonna be the Church of
Satan it would be great TV but
absolutely terrible for the Democratic
Party and hilarious for every other
American out there and more specifically
what would Chelsea Clinton's platform be
what would the Democrats be pushing
around here one of the most outspoken
issues that Chelsea Clinton talks about
is abortion rights female reproductive
rights and for the
action of roe v wade which is a very
dicey issue to begin with I mean you
we're on par as far as lack I don't know
why they're still pushing these abortion
female reproductive right issues anyway
we are currently so lacks the United
States we're on par with North Korea
China and Vietnam that is insane every
other European country has more laws for
abortion than we do and Roby white was
not an amendment to the Constitution the
Bill of Rights this was a ruling handed
down by a bunch of unelected
bureaucratic activist judges was it 50
60 years ago so yeah times change
technology changes we get more
information
Roby weight is not sacred but here to me
is the best part of Chelsea Clinton
running we will get a clearer picture of
whether or not Hillary would run because
no one knows Hillary better than Chelsea
and she knows full well that anyone that
ran against Hillary in 2016 had the
corrupt DNC get her back and made sure
they shifted her the primary so I
seriously doubt if Chelsea Clinton does
run it'll be during the same cycle as
her mother we shall see Chelsea Clinton
good luck in 2020 I'm Bette Davis this
is your Hollywood all right if you like
this video and others like it you should
consider being a premium member to the
rebel that way you'll have first access
to pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
