attention we'll use social justice
warriors out there carrying out the
boycott divest sanction campaign against
Israel can you kindly ramp up your
actions you see I really really want to
get introduced to more made in Israel
products that I can buy rather than
boycott recently a small sign was
displayed on the Shelf of a metro
grocery store in North Toronto placed
next to some products imported from
Israel the sign read quote warning do
not buy this product made in Israel a
state promoting ethnic discrimination
and pursuing the violent dispossession
of indigenous Palestinians boycott
Israel until it respects international
law end quote
well he reached out to Metro and a
spokeswoman told me that quote this
signage was put up by a group
unaffiliated with Metro and without our
permission it does not reflect our
opinions and we are working to remove
any signage we are encouraging customers
to alert the store manager if they do
see any more signs so we can take action
as quickly as possible
end quote well good for Metro for not
caving but here's the thing I recently
visited the store in question to see if
any more signage shenanigans were
occurring and thankfully those little
homemade BDS signs were indeed a wall
but since I was there I bought a can of
Mottola pickled cucumbers imported from
Israel I guess that was my little way of
counter protesting but you know
something folks when I eventually opened
the can and tasted those cucumbers was I
ever surprised I mean it's been a while
since I last bought canned veggies but
these cucumbers were Divine's
so much so that I've purchased other
Mottola products good and you know as I
was lugging my grocery bags chock full
of made in Israel products to my car the
irony struck me after all those pathetic
little bee
the essence we're trying to promote a
boycott of Israeli made goods but in my
case those signs achieved the precise
opposite given that I and presumably
other like-minded individuals we're now
actually purchasing the very stuff that
we were supposed to be shunning so thank
you all your little BDS errs running
around with your little crappy signs for
had you not staged this pathetic stunt I
never would have been introduced to the
fine line of Mottola products indeed I'm
betting there are many other made in
Israel products in the Greater Toronto
Area that I'm unaware of that also might
enrich my life so could you kindly flag
those products for boycott to be
thanking you oh and by the way you
numbskulls you should know that if your
goal in torpedoing Israeli companies via
BDS is all about furthering the cause of
Palestinians well guess what the
evidence shows your efforts are actually
having the opposite effect case in point
in June the Jerusalem Post ran an
intriguing article entitled Palestinian
employees hurt by BDS speak up about its
negative effects
check out this telltale excerpt coat for
Nabil basher at a factory manager for
the Israeli company SodaStream the BDS
movement caused hundreds of factory
workers to be laid off the BDS movement
has threatened my job security and
livelihood Basharat wrote it damaged the
livelihoods of hundreds of SodaStream
factory workers who were laid off as
SodaStream left its mature newman
facility in the West Bank
according to Basharat the factory closed
due to BDS protests in the US and Europe
end quote so way to go you BDS errs your
campaign is getting people like me to go
out of their way to buy meat in Israel
products meanwhile those Palestinians
who you're ostensibly trying to help are
actually being economically penalized I
think that's called lose-lose at least
from your perspective in fact you may
want to shorten the name of your
to more accurately reflect your net
results in other words instead of BDS
how about operating under the banner of
simply BS hey talk about truth and
advertising for the rebel dot media I am
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has a new app please download
that app and take the rebel with you
wherever you go
you
