hi everybody how are you welcome to the
classified live got a lot to cover today
gonna start with the Mali Tibbets murder
we're gonna talk about Southern Poverty
Law Center a hate group in their own
right
blocking Visa and MasterCard this is
crazy
blocking Visa and MasterCard from
servicing from processing payments for
the horowitz Freedom Center David
Horowitz is group I go to their events
conservative group mainstream
conservative institution this is
insanity man I didn't put it in the
headline i'ma touch a little bit John
Seely Nigel I'm gonna I'm gonna touch on
some new information about Michael Cohen
this guy is an absolute mess what a
moron this guy is right first on the
Molly Tibbets murder so what we now know
is there's a guy named Christian
Christian Rivera Christian 'bageena
Rivera 24 years old he was he decided to
jog hey young man John Ruth how are ya
Molly tip its out for a run avid runner
he's jogging alongside of her he's
trying to talk to her she tells him get
away from here I'm gonna call the police
at which point he claims he blacked and
blacked out when he came to she was dead
and he placed her body off the side of
the road near an intersection now I
don't believe he blacked out and I
believe he did some heinous things to
this girl and killed her we're gonna
find out more after the autopsies
released this guy is a savage he's an
absolute savage now now the there are
reports that he's illegal then his
defense attorney said to the Des Moines
Register and other media outlets in Iowa
he's not an illegal he's here legally
his employer said it's actually a
conservative run form but I believe that
throwing in that the owners are
conservative or republican to paint him
in a bad light but anyway employers said
that he did in fact use the e-verify
system to prove this guy wasn't in the
country illegally that doesn't mean a
lot to me though I've talked to you guys
about vetting the Department of Homeland
Security has
not has not handed down a determination
on whether or not this guy Rivera who
killed Molly Tibbets isn't illegal they
haven't and soin told the Department of
Homeland Security does until they do we
don't know we don't know we've got the
Department of Homeland Security saying
we have no record of him being here
legally but they haven't come out and
said he's here illegally
we have his lawyer saying he's not here
illegally
we have his employer saying well I used
e-verify but I don't know guy could have
used the fake name he could have scanned
the system so nobody really knows now
it's gonna matter in the broader sense
once we find out if he was illegal
because we see that other serial illegal
rapists who is now facing 80 years in
prison we saw an airport I forget
exactly where it was but at an airport
in I'll tell you right now an illegal
alien groped the child somebody had sent
me that yesterday let's say this was in
Dulles in DC an illegal immigrant living
in Manassas Virginia lastname Quinte
Quinton iya he was ordered by an
immigration judge removed from the
country in 2007 but he was accused of
groping and fondling a child at Dulles
Airport this week so if it turns out
this Rivera is uh if it turns out this
Rivera is is illegal it's gonna make a
difference Nigel he confessed do me a
favor stop what the he's innocent until
proven guilty a technically is he
confessed to killing the girl you want
to protect the guy because he's a savage
from another country I don't play that
here I don't play that here all right
the guy in Colorado Watts he confessed
to killing his wife this savage Rivera
confessed to killing Mollie Tibbets so
your statement that is not the same as
the Colorado case is factually incorrect
to savage murderers both killers both
issued confessions both should rot in
hell both should rot in hell now what's
that hearing yesterday I watched that
hearing yesterday Nigel what do you mean
when did he confess how do you think
they found Mollie Tibbits body my friend
you got to keep up you haven't been
following the case you haven't been
following the case now we I was
following this I watched this
arraignment hearing it was longer than a
typical arraignment the judge who I
thought was very good in the Molly
Tibbets case this is a female judge she
seems incredibly sharp incredibly on the
ball and she is not giving this guy any
leeway so this guy's defense attorney
was all I don't have you guys watched he
was the shoveled and weird-looking this
like Captain Kangaroo and like an
ill-fitting suit with an American flag
tie that didn't really work the
prosecutors were younger guys they were
squared away they knew what they were
doing and the defense attorney makes a
motion yeah hangman John Ruth the judge
shut the lawyer right down and going
exactly there now so the defense
attorney basically made two motions one
for a private hearing and then another
for condensed media coverage and the
judge said no prosecutors I thought made
a very logical argument the case they
said you know your honor this case has
been all over the media and nationwide
even internationally nothing you do at
this point no unusual steps you take the
rein in the media gonna matter the whole
world knows about the case the judge
agreed judge also said look nothing I've
seen nothing I've seen has indicated to
me that the media coverage which is
pretty normal for a case of this
magnitude has prejudiced any potential
jury pool nor has it prevented Rivera
the accused sub thug savage murderer
from getting a fair trial so the judge
just ruled against both of the defense
counsel's motions the defense counsel
also tried to claim that rules weren't
followed and the way he was notified of
certain things at the hearing because
the courts electronic filing system was
down and the judge said no no no we're
not playing that either we realized
there were problems with the electronic
filing system my office presumably the
judges clerk called the prosecution
called the defense did what they could
to get them paper copies prosecution of
the say me filing
Jew did defense attorney they're
prepared they're here my office handled
it that's yeah that's on you that your
problem and the defense lost on that the
defense lost on that and so you've got
this very what I consider to be
desperate defense attorney using these
you know Hail Mary tactics to try to
create an illusion that the judge might
have been bias or that his client can't
go to fair shake look at the end of the
day the guy admitted he admitted to
blacking out and waking up next to him
and when he came to the dead girl at his
feet was the same dead girl who
threatened to call the police on a
minutes earlier or god knows how long
earlier god knows how long and God knows
this poor kid endured I've also seen
some other dumb comments about things
Molly Tibbets tweeted yes she tweeted I
hate white people because white people
voted primarily for judge Roy Moore
she's a kid she was twenty years old she
was a liberal college student I don't
care you know I don't care I don't care
cuz I don't think she meant I hate white
people in the sense that she's a black
supremacist the whitest girl in the
world from Iowa she was trying to say I
don't like that primarily white men
voted for Roy Moore
you know what she's a millennial college
student who was brutally murdered and I
suspect I suspect suffered other kinds
of abuse including sexual I don't really
care what she tweeted having an opinion
it was stupid it was MS guy don't care I
don't care I don't want people to start
saying oh she did this so we shouldn't
care about her death yes we should yes
we should as we should about the 30 or
so other missing people in Iowa many of
them kids now now I've seen a lot of
conspiracy nonsense out there seen a lot
of conspiracy nonsense out there that
there's an epidemic of missing girls in
Iowa there's a pedophile ring it's not
there's not the data as it exists right
now shows about 30 or so missing people
in Iowa many of them women many jung-hee
is no more or less going back years than
any other month and no more or less than
any other states with similar population
or or in ratio to population no more or
less than anywhere else so no there are
not these rings of sexual abuse or
paedophile Satanists operating only in
Iowa grabbing girls now now no you gotta
look at the data you got to look at the
law enforcement data no and again we
people saying string them up the porn we
don't we don't know if the guys here
illegally yet we don't know we don't
know I presume maybe but we've got his
lawyer saying he's not we've got the
Department of Homeland Security being
non-committal and we've got the employer
saying he ran him through he verify and
the guy passed now I know you guys many
of you not all you a lot of my audience
wants the truth but I know many of you
want me to say he's an illegal alien and
they're a Satanist running through Iowa
and queuing on said so and but I don't
do that I don't do that I don't analyze
that way I don't engage in conspiracy
theories so MD I'm gonna get to the
Southern Poverty Law Center in a minute
but I want to talk about the Molly
Tippit's case
now here's what was unusual about the
case for me
you've got 38 missing or so missing
people in Iowa again no more or less
than at any other time in Iowa no more
or less than anywhere else
relative to population it's in line with
the norms okay forget all the reports
that there's an epidemic in Iowa there's
not however those thirty-some-odd other
cases didn't get global media coverage
didn't get an FBI state and local task
force that span many states didn't get
the vice president of the United States
giving personal attention to the case
and personal time to the victim's
families and one has to ask why why what
was it about
this girl or this case now ah damn
allergies
she was a University of Iowa student
universities generate big money for a
state so is it possible is it possible
that the governor of Iowa the Chairman
person of the university put pressure on
the FBI said look we can't have students
go and missing this is millions upon
millions of hundreds of millions of
dollars for us in revenue here in Iowa
with the university system was her
family politically connected or or was
there something about this suspect and
suspicion of who the suspect might be
that necessitated that kind of law
enforcement response because typically
when a 20 year old is legally an adult
goes missing it doesn't warrant this
kind of law enforcement cooperation and
a search Task Forces so I'm gonna be
very curious I'm staying on top of this
I'm gonna be very curious to see in the
weeks and months to come what shakes out
why we got that kind of response so
quickly because typically
twenty-year-old goes missing they're an
adult typically get one or two police
cars they go out they do a search they
hand it off to detectives detective to
start looking any way they hand it off
to maybe state investigators to help out
because that's a small area small law
enforcement agencies but an instantly
mobilized task force run by the FBI out
of the Omaha Nebraska field office tells
me something else was going on here
something else was going on here and one
day I'd like to know what that is but
let's go to law enforcement they're
doing a tremendous job in this case as
they are in the Watts case in Colorado
they were methodical methodical and the
suspect now
has a five million dollar bond so the
judge let's say I believe I've got the
judges name here somewhere he's being
held on a five million dollar bond the
lawyer says but again is providing no
evidence that the guy is not in the
country illegally mmm now the president
the president made a couple of
statements president made a couple of
statements about this he said quote
Molly Tibbets an incredible young woman
is now permanently separated from her
family he tweeted this out in a video
just last night a person came in from
Mexico illegally and killed her now the
president itíd states is saying he's
here illegally
he's got more information than Tibbets
defense lawyer president said we need
the wall we need our immigration laws
change we need our border laws change
with Republicans to do it because
Democrats aren't going to do it and
that's when the defense attorney asked
for a gag order around the case the
judge ruled against that as well defense
lawyer said quote said and sorry Trump
has weighed in on this matter in
national media which will poison the
impossible jury pool his lawyer Alan
Richard said but but the judge said no
go sorry judge said no go not hearing it
but again let's talk about law
enforcement they're doing a stellar job
in both cases they're chipping away
they're chipping away at the suspects
story now the police are going to
continue now this guy Rivera's got a
lawyer the police will continue to
interview him try to get more of a
confession but this guy's going away for
the rest of his life probably going to
face the death penalty probably going to
face the death penalty the guy watts in
Colorado he's done as well he admitted
to killing his wife claims she was
strangling her children nobody
that so what investigators are doing now
is they're chipping away chipping away
chipping away chipping away eventually
eventually they'll get him to give it up
but a jury's not buying it
he already confessed to one murder he's
done he's going to try to say it was to
save his kids nobody's buying that
because if you truly wanted to save your
children you don't stick their bodies
and drums and bury the bodies and
discard them like trash you call 911
trying to have that excuse me call 9-1-1
immediately and try to have them revived
that's what you do that is what you do
this entire thing is a disgrace a
disgrace and I'm gonna find you another
story on that I want to talk to you guys
about which is even more troubling the
Southern Poverty gonna switch gears now
so this is getting really ridiculous on
the set of the Gateway pundit in is a
letter here and it just goes to show you
well actually you know what let me talk
a little bit more about Mali Tibbets
because the left is coming out now and
defending this guy people like senator
Elizabeth Warren when asked about the
guy potentially being an illegal alien
that killed Molly Tibbets said well we
gotta worry about family separated at
the border people on CNN ago and while I
feel bad for Tippit's family but we
really got to worry about illegal aliens
I mean the people on the left are effin
nuts they're effin nuts they're
disgusting absolutely disgusting
disgusting the left cares more about the
fact that the guy might be an illegal
alien they don't want him offended then
they do that he murdered savagely
murdered probably tortured and raped
this kid as well this girl Molly Tibbets
the left doesn't care look I tell you
this whole time the left doesn't care
about victims Rumpelstiltskin says
Watson Colorado's a narcissistic
sociopath yes he is
okay Jessica Hoagland you are
permanently banned from the show for
that moronic comment by we don't deal
with idiots like you sorry I'm not even
gonna repeat what she said Democrats
hate law and order it really is as
simple as the president tweeted I said
it on my afternoon TV show last week
I've said it on this show multiple times
if you vote Democrat you're Pro crime if
you vote Republican you're Pro law and
order it's that simple it is that simple
Democrats love illegal aliens ms-13 gang
bangers pedophiles rapists conservatives
Republicans don't it really is that
simple if you want the government to
take all your money vote Democrat if you
don't vote Republican if you want
criminals trying to rape your kids vote
Democrat if you don't vote Republican if
you hate America if you hate this nation
with a passion vote Democrat if you love
this nation vote Republican it really is
that simple
it really is that simple
that's simple yeah I mean I mean it
doesn't get any simpler than that
now the left hates all conservatism they
want you to die the left wants
conservatives to die they want to shut
you down they want you to die and
remember guys you could always super
chat with us too because a lot of
comments are coming in little donation
in that dollar sign emblem if you do
that your comment will pop to the top
it'll be green or yellow or really
bright and I'll be able to say it but
the left hates you they want to silence
you they want to shut you down they want
to let it go well thank you you second
time here hope it is the second of many
many daily visits let me hear something
somebody says they're having a sound
problem let me see if I am oh no I'm not
I've
a little delay but my sound sounds good
my sound sounds good that was kind of
redundant wasn't it
okay sexy girl sorry you're out of here
for that ignorant comment as well see
what these with these lowlife morons are
saying is it because of a tweet here are
their Mali Tibbets deserve to be
brutally savagely tortured and murdered
I don't care what your political
affiliation is or what dumb things you
say in 20 and people like you out there
that are saying that you're disgraceful
you should be ashamed of yourself it's
disgusting
disgusting you're as much a savage as
the Savage that killed these kids you
really are you're disgusting really
terrible really really terrible some
people I'll never understand there's
this idiotic notion that conservatism
means hateful racism and wishing death
on people with different opinions you're
on the wrong side of the aisle
that's liberalism that's the left go
join in Tifa get out of my circle I
don't want you will never accept you
terrible terrible I'm not saying that if
people are white they shouldn't be proud
to be white and they shouldn't boost
that up and push back against a lot of
anti white discrimination that's going
on it's terrible and push back against
it every day I call out black lives
matter but to wish death and torture on
a 20 year old kid because she tweeted a
couple of dumb things man that makes you
worse or as bad as the savages just and
it's dumb and it's ignorant and it's
ignorant it's dumb you want to criticize
them criticize you want to go out him on
Twitter go out him on Twitter but you
wish their torture and death it's
because you're all people that say those
things are wimps you've never worked the
street you've never put on a uniform and
serve your nation you've never seen
death up close you've never seen
and rape and torture up close your
keyboard commando you want to go beat
them up on Twitter and Facebook call
them out debate them god bless
you'd be right all day long but to wish
real world torture and murder that's
because you're gutless
and you've never gotten your hands dirty
that's the only reason you would do that
only reason you would do that all right
David hog parkland kidding it's located
about 30 minutes that way he's not an
adult he's a political a political
activist he's fair game I go at him on
Twitter all the time I'll call him out I
no longer see him as a parkland victim
now I see him as an adult political
activist on the wrong side of the aisle
that said I never want to see anybody
try to physically hurt the guy they
should be slapped in handcuffs and
thrown in jail if they do but it's not
the country we live in
what's wrong with some people
disgraceful ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous so stupid really and you
sound like liberals because let me tell
you what liberals are doing to the
Southern Poverty Law Center and what
Southern Poverty Law Center liberals are
doing to the Horowitz Freedom Center now
if you know anything about David
Horowitz he used to be a liberal a
thought leader and David learned very
quickly that David learned very quickly
that the left is vile so he became a
conservative and he works with people
like Robert Spencer Robert Spencer runs
jihad Watch and a few other entities
Roberts a really good guy I have my own
excuse me had him on the recorded show
here off in his friend of mine he does
great work going after radical Islam
well the David Horowitz Freedom Center
put out a letter last night let me read
this to you says for years the SPLC
Southern Poverty Law Center is labeled
the Freedom Center a hate group and
tried to get organizations like Amazon
Facebook and Twitter to ban us and
silence our message yes
today the Southern Poverty Law Center
ready for this finally convinced
MasterCard and Visa to cut us off now we
can't process donations from any major
credit card company in fact if you
received Robert Spencer's email last
night you may have noticed your donation
was denied this flow could be the end of
the Freedom Center decade to work down
the drain because the hateful left wants
to squash free speech and silence an
organization that dares to question them
and as they get more information to meet
with their attorneys are going to keep
everybody updated this is disgraceful
disgraceful I go to the Horowitz
restoration or a Freedom Center
restoration weekend sat down here every
year in South Florida in Palm Beach
about 45 minutes north of me here at the
breakers hotel it's an outstanding event
top-notch speakers everybody from
Sebastian Gorka to last year was Steve
banning two former Congress people
senators thought leaders we here at the
rebels spoke Azra or CEO gave a
presentation or good friend Gavin
McGinnis he used to be with us I was
there hosted some people anybody you can
think of is there many many of the Fox
News personalities it's just a who's who
of the conservative movement really nice
event amazing food our own Katie Hopkins
was there Katie did an outstanding job
many many conservative prominent
conservatives everybody gets together
there are breakout sessions a lot of
speeches on a freedom of speech on
conservatism on traditional values on
American exceptionalism never heard one
word of hate speech David Horowitz
his group you've got prominent Jewish
groups you've got prominent Christian
groups you've got groups of all faiths
there that are conservative every one of
them given equal time to speak an equal
PI platform even passionate every one of
them accessible tickets are pretty
expensive so everybody's mingling nobody
hates anybody nobody hates anybody
everybody gets along everybody's welcome
and along comes mm-hmm the Southern
Poverty Law Center along comes Southern
Poverty Law Center and they want to shut
this organization down now why oh it's
not because they hate it's not because
of hateful rhetoric it's not because of
anything like that no no it's because
the horowitz freedom center brings in
very credible very reputable very
intelligent people to present to speak
and to fight back against the left and
the left is terrified because they can't
paint those conservatives as racist as
xenophobic as Nazis as white
supremacists if a lot of Jews in the
room whose family members were victims
in the Holocaust you can't claim them as
Nazis or as white supremacists that
terrifies the Southern Poverty Law
Center one of the speakers this year was
Clinton Romish a Medal of Honor winner
he won the Medal of Honor
you're gonna paint him as hateful you're
gonna paint him as a white supremacist
Nazi an American soldier who won the
medal of honor that's devastating to the
left devastating to the left so when
they have an organization that's able to
bring in prominent Jewish thought
leaders prominent Christian thought
leaders Medal of Honor winners who all
to speak all to share their ideas
without heat but with the really really
ironclad intellectual arguments against
the left that terrifies the left so what
is the left do well the Southern Poverty
Law Center stamps a blanket hate group
on the organization then using its own
brand pressures Visa and MasterCard to
pull credit card processing from that
organization it is so disgusting so
disgusting
it really is but that's all the left is
god it's all they've got don't you get
it they don't have a message they don't
have a message at all none
they have nothing what is their message
think about it going into 2018 that's
the midterms economy is soaring it's the
longest bull market in history so what's
the Democrats message gonna be increased
taxes and regulation and bring us into a
bear market that won't work
maybe let's go weak on defense
that won't work how about let's get rid
of terrorists because tariffs are making
China in other countries come to the
table and crippling them well that won't
work now it gets really good let's
abolish ice the organization that
deported a Nazi war criminal well that
won't work let's abolish ice the
organization that's supporting illegals
who murder women who grope young
children at airports that won't work
let's open our borders so Mexican drug
cartels can come in and by the way while
they're here dealing drugs the kids
let's give them the right to vote
that won't work what message does the
Left have going into the midterms Trump
is mean Trump's a racist Russia
collusion Michael Cohen Paul
Ayana for it nobody gonna care about any
of that Bill Clinton Bill Clinton won a
landslide victory in his second term
despite a dozen people around him and
being convicted of felonies Americans
don't care they care about their own
wallet their own purse their own bank
account that's all Americans care about
am i safe
am i secure is my family safe and secure
do we have more money than we did last
year and if those answers are yes
nobody cares about Michael Cohen or Paul
Manafort or Robert Muller or three year
old meeting at Trump Tower with some
lawyer nobody cares about any of that
except the deep state establishment
hacks and the Democrats because they've
got nothing else nothing nothing hashtag
Perry says the Southern Poverty Law
Center is a hate group hell yeah they
are oh yeah they are they're terrible
they're absolutely terrible terrible
yeah Shawn are say
because I speak the truth with a
complete joke this channel is now I
won't time yeah I'll just boot you from
the channel how's that now everything
you ever comment on is going to be
hidden I'm not gonna let people troll
and ruin the experience for everybody
else and so people you know what we have
a million subscribers this is open to
the public we don't we can afford to
lose three or four morons we don't care
about them we're about quality over
quantity here I've got hundreds and
hundreds of really good intelligent
people that watch every day and that's
growing I get rid of three or four
morons forever
we don't even give it a second thought
in fact done talking about it not giving
them a second thought again yeah the
Southern Poverty Law Center is a hate
group now sound mixer says something
that is so important one of the best
comments I've seen sound mixers telling
you to get out and vote that's critical
every vote counts I can't say it enough
I wish sound mixer would have would have
would have commented and put that a
thousand times get out and vote get out
and vote get out and vote every vote
counts
I wish sound mixer would have done that
I wish they would have because you got a
vote this is the thing
voter turnout elections these days are
razor thin all right
they are razor razor thin they're
decided by it Donald Trump only won
Florida by about 1% a lot of people
don't realize that they look at his take
of the electoral votes but the only one
Florida in the general election by about
1%
you know what changed that vote you know
why Donald Trump is president and
Hillary Clinton isn't voter turnout to
get out the vote effort gotta get out
and vote you gotta get out and vote
mm-hmm
you have to alright let's take some
comments well this a lot of them I gotta
go back up
all righty John Zeeland says CNN has
dropped 23% total viewer average during
primetime in comparison to the same week
in 2017 yeah you know what's funny man
that CNN is so insecure and nervous
about their TV ratings that they're
putting out these stats about how well
their websites are doing because their
TV ratings are abysmal they uh they've
got like no way it's terrible it's
really bad
on the Left Rachel Maddow is crushing
them let's see what else we got let's
see a lot about Sweden a lot about
Sweden funny how the media didn't think
Obama spoiled the jury with Trayvon
could have been my son well he did and
here's where you guys are gonna flame me
I think George Zimmerman is a criminal I
think that guy is an accident waiting to
happen I think the jury got that one
wrong and a lot of conservatives flame
me on that and there are a lot of
reasons why I believe the jury got that
one wrong
I think George Zimmerman is a time bomb
I think it's only a matter of time
before that guy hurts somebody else
somebody innocent maybe a woman I just
it's coming something really wrong with
that guy
let's see Sweden a lot about Sweden a
lot about Sweden I know Sweden's in bad
shape right now Sweden is in really bad
shape I've got some friends who do a lot
of business over there and they go over
and it's a such a beautiful place and I
had some friends from Sweden when I
lived in New York where I grew up great
people
beautiful beautiful women but really
nice people perfect English very cool
and I stay in touch with some of them
and man they're telling me how bad it is
their government is really not letting
the media get the story out they're not
letting them get the story out like the
east winds that I'm reading the history
of jihad by Robert Spencer it's a
must-read tracking jihad over 400 years
yeah Robert is is a really interesting
guy I loved having him on the show
chatting with him he's a storehouse if
you don't know Robert Spencer's work
learn it
he's a storehouse of information on
radical Islam jihad everything else
let's see let's see what's going on here
see who else is commenting Wow
yep let's see let's see let's see yep
everybody say in the Southern Poverty
Law Center is a hate group they are
people need a place to vent the news I'm
speaking on is about to create an angry
angry reaction give your team a break
chill out on the purge of opinions
nobody's purging opinions of viable
ninja I'm getting ready trolls getting
rid of trolls I'm not going to deal with
people saying that a 20 year old should
have been murdered because of a tweet
that's ignorant it's moronic I don't
want any part of it I don't any part of
it
that's not venting that's just stupidity
yeah the Southern Poverty Law Center I
think it's long past time for us to do a
for us to do an in-depth exposé on
everybody involved with the Southern
Poverty Law Center and by us I mean
conservatives on the whole for everybody
involved with Southern Poverty Law
Center I think it's long past time they
have a lot to say about everybody else
but nobody ever really looks into their
backyard sound mixers of Zimmerman and
George Zimmerman's own wife call the
police on him oh yeah and listen I
spoken at a cops up in Orange County
Florida up near Orlando about two and a
half hours three hours north of where I
am right now where he was and they
thought he was a moron this guy was a
wannabe cop he couldn't even pass
neighborhood watch training conservative
media made him out to be a hero
this guy is a powder keg he is the worst
poster child in the world for the Second
Amendment movement the absolute worst
the absolute worst arbitrary jackal says
the leftist message comes from a place
of ignorance
far too many idealist sheep nowhere near
enough watchful wolves are we on the
right or watchful wolves but yes many
many sheep among the masses and that's
why a group that's why a group like
the Southern Poverty Law Center is able
to proliferate is able to grow is able
to have a voice yep that is the that is
the group let's see
Robert Spencer film jihad in America was
on frontline in 94 you know what could
very well be could very well be a couple
of good friends of mine down here are
very good friends with Robert I'm one of
our editors here at the rebel is very
friendly with him so like I said I love
having him on the show I've gotten to
know him good guy and one of the few I
trust audit the 17 trillion missing from
the US military budget they're
distorting our rhythm says well that's
pretty impossible it's factually untrue
and pretty impossible because our total
GDP is 18 trillion or a military doesn't
have a 17 trillion dollar budget unless
you mean over the course of years and
years and years but even that would be
pretty impossible
where do we punch back from now on go
back to the old fail models of
conservatives turning the other cheek
Sean wing fell we'd better not we'd
better not I want to see Trump be the
guy he was in 2015 in the primaries I
want to see Trump punching and punching
hard Trump needs to bang bang bang
because if he doesn't he's going to be
taken out toppled not literally
violently they're going to topple his
presidency they're going to impeach him
or disgrace him or or put so much
pressure on his family as young son on
his adult sons that he's going to resign
Trump needs to punch back he's the
president United States he's getting
terrible terrible advice with regards to
the power of the presidency
everybody goes trust Trump trust Trump I
do Donald Trump is a fatal flaw when
he's loyal he listens to people and he
trusts the wrong people just look at
Michael Cohen and Omarosa so there are
people around him that he's loyal to on
a personal level that he likes who were
telling him don't be too tough don't
take action who are those people I don't
know
is it Jared and Ivanka as a general john
kelly i don't know but he's clearly
getting bad advice hello from Ukraine
how are you long way greetings from Iran
Wow
Iran hangman John Ruth says Trump's
gonna take up the globe soon I hope so
two people in his corner causing
problems here they are he needs to he
needs to take those off and start
punching really really hard really
really hard that's what he needs to do
that's what he needs to do because if he
doesn't do it they're gonna they're
gonna go after him they're gonna take
him out they're gonna end this
presidency they are gonna absolutely end
this presidency it's gonna be bad it's
gonna be bad everybody's talking about
Alex Jones the reason me to talk about
Alex Jones mmm Alex Jones is on a
different competing Network Alex Jones
getting all the press in the world I
want to see Alex Jones reinstated but my
job isn't to advertise and market
competitors so I don't really know I
don't think you guys understand like and
I think Alex Jones is a conspiracy
theorist this fuse a lot of nonsense I
don't listen to him I don't believe in
him I don't trust them so no I'm not
gonna sit here in market for Alex Jones
sorry
Kit Kat says Trump's a DJ Jeff Sessions
the swamp plant Jeff Sessions is the
worst worst AG in history jean-marie s
is ago you said cue was getting debunked
honey cue was the bump
he'd been totally debunked he didn't
predict Cohen and Matta for it
cue didn't Briggs anything cue is
totally debunked we know who cue is by
the way there's a whole thing coming out
cue was completely debunked Jeff
Sessions is doing nothing he looks like
a fool and they're trying to topple
Donald Trump he was completely fake he
was done done not my place to say who he
is other people are doing the expose I
was just read into it not my job to
steal their story you're definitely
gonna want to read it when it comes out
though you will not my job to steal
other people's work and
do that desert math says Q is a Star
Trek character yeah exactly
mmm I don't ban people for not agreeing
I banned people for trolling and for
wishing death on innocents or for making
up stupid it were just harassing the
rest of the people in the chat stream
yeah Hugh is the most moronic concept
I've ever experienced it's so stupid and
anybody who's ever worked in this world
or understands his world or analyze this
world looks at this queue nonsense and
laughs at it and says my god this is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard the
absolute dumbest thing I've ever heard
hangman John routes that subscribe and
hit that like button great show here
every day thanks John anytime brother
hmm any time I love bringing you these
shows love it absolutely love it this Q
live in his mom's basement we will soon
find out we are shrine Wingfield says
John Annan has the plan trust the plan
yeah my plan is to bring you the truth
every day trust that plan mmm yeah
jean-marie says I'm late I don't follow
too much was looking forward to the big
reveal there never was a big reveal
that's the problem cue duped a lot of
people jumping jack flash is cue it's
not listen soon enough you guys are
gonna know who cue is everything's gonna
be debunked not my story
unkindness of Ravens donated thank you
this a.m. you're praying for Trump to
punch at the Republican rally I agree I
agree the answer session cago is going
down another 50 shot Chicago's a mess an
absolute mess
sound mixer says is q4 against us I
believe Q is controlled opposition who
wants to make people dumber and it wants
people to stop asking the right
questions
let's see where can I be seen on TV in
the evening not in the evening I'm on
Newsmax TV noon to three everyday
Eastern time so it's DirecTV Dish you
verse face
you could check my Twitter for info on
that and the rebel and news max do some
digital things together and so it's all
one big happy family
let's see Q is not Jane Standley says Q
is giving us clues to follow with
credible paper trails mom they're not
sorry nope
Fraser McBurney donated Thank You Fraser
fire the top 10 people at the FBI and
DOJ transfer the next 25 people out of
the FBI and DOJ well look I like the new
- FBI number two they vote it she's
really good give Christopher a a little
time I'm here and believe it or not
from agents I trust that Ray is is doing
some things I'll give him a little more
time they're about 15 people at the top
that yeah should be reshuffled should be
sent elsewhere and not able to hang out
every day
Chad's 1422 so southern poverty law
center receives offshore money yeah I've
heard that as well them they have a lot
of money in their endowment a lot of
money
Gabriel Swift says London is very
quickly turning into Paris the only
thing saving the UK is the English
Channel it's a good point it's a really
good point understood be calm no I don't
think it'll matter he'll probably send
boats for the savages Chicago Mayor
request November 2017 UN troops now
that's not true
that's another conspiracy theory nobody
ever did that another crazy conspiracy
theory with the UN troops don't believe
that don't believe it
well certainly feel says Dems will never
support another Republican president
they've weaponized every avenue a pub
opinion the liberal media is now their
daily soap operas yeah that's a great
point it's true very very true very true
Rey was recommended by Rosen Stein yeah
kinda but again I go on facts
I go on strong sources people I trust
inside the FBI said give Rey another
couple of months he did fire struck a
lot Botes to do it he did fire McCabe so
he's off to an okay start right now
let's see what else he does let's see
what else he does let's see all right if
Chicago was a stock I would buy now or
short it I don't know why front Trump
didn't fire like president did before
and fire the landscape it all he did I
mean they got rid of most of the White
House people
it's just that Trump wasn't a political
guy right he didn't have these decades
of political experience in time so he
didn't have political staffers that
worked for him for years to bring with
him to the White House and so he had to
rely on people like Reince Priebus to
tell him who to hire and they gave him
very bad advice they gave him very bad
advice there was a time when people
didn't even know how to turn the lights
on in the White House because they never
worked there no other president had that
problem
the answer said black Americans starting
Ziya Trump is helping them and slowly
turning Republican they are yeah yeah oh
yeah
black approval of Trump is like 36
percent it's unheard of black approval
of Republicans was like eighty six to
eight percent under Obama now it's at 36
percent Eldorado says Trump's black
support is tripled more than that more
than that it's about quadrupled maybe
five times quintupled hangman John Ruth
says I think sessions will be fired as
soon as Muller is over either that or
after the midterms gotta win the
midterms gotta get Brett Kavanaugh
confirmed because Jeff sessions with the
senator his buddies in the Senate love
them they might screw around with
Cavanaugh's confirmation if
sessions is fired too early but he's got
to go he's got to go he has got to go
Trump is new to Washington viable ninja
says he isn't in the corridors of career
politicians inside and outside the
alphabet agency well exactly and that's
really what the deep state is is not
this conspiratorial thing it's just the
same people and the same jobs well hung
out together forever who don't like a
disruption of the status quo they want
things to remain as things have always
been Trump upended all that he disrupted
all that Dems are panicking you need
anchor baby votes for the long term yeah
that's true it's another reason Dems on
illegal immigration they need votes they
have no platform nothing they've got
nothing and when you've got nothing you
need something
well Jane Standley this isn't true the
responsibility of Congress is to guide
the new President to be the best and
this is not happening now not separate
but equal branches of government it's
not Congress's job to guide the
president to do anything
it's the president's job to run the
executive I don't want Congress guiding
the president they're all rhinos god
help us um
porky prickly pan says Jim Jordan for
House Speaker I could not agree more I
am team Jordan over team McCarthy all
the way NW 4 6 7 8 forces people don't
even know thousand mmm thousands being
deported back to El Salvador ms-13 I
wouldn't get his crazy boom I wouldn't
say thousands but a lot Jane Standley
the media is not reporting on the 10,000
pedophiles around the rings that are not
that big they're out there but no this
is not some organized pedophile this
whole pedophile thing is out of control
people don't even
again they gratuitous a pedophile
pedophile pedophile a and J and I get
your point I'm not this is not directed
to you don't use it as a political tool
I worked those cases I dealt with the
child victims I don't like when people
just throw that around to slander
somebody because it's
sounds good pedophiles pedo R instead of
I don't do that do you reap make sure
that who you're branding with that
horrible label that there's proof aren't
I investigated those cases I put those
guys in jail but I dealt with the
victims you don't know how bad it is
until you see that and it really annoys
me and people pedo pedo pedo you're a
pedo
you have no idea many of you what you're
talking about and how bad it is I just
wish people would do their homework I
wish they would do their homework I
really do because there is no worse
criminal than true pedophile than a
serial pedophile and when you've done
what I had to do which was safeguard the
body of a raped and murdered nine year
old so the crime scene could be
processed you've seen it up close not
behind your keyboard saying pedo pedo
pizza gay pedo know when you're the only
one on that roof and it's dark with that
raped and murdered little girl then you
really understand the meaning of savage
pedophilia and it really infuriates me
when all these keyboard cops and
investigators are out there throwing
around these terms to paint anybody they
don't like it's as disgraceful as what
people are doing with this Molly Tibbets
kid
the crimes are heinous and when you
paint everybody with the brush you start
taking attention away from the real
savages who are committing the crimes
because it sounds good and you want
retweets be responsible be responsible
be targeted be strategic that's how you
win that's how you win you don't win by
painting everybody with a brush or these
silly theories that there was a
pedophile ring in a pizzeria they didn't
even have a basement so silly ridiculous
so ridiculous crazy it's ridiculous
when you had a seven-year-old in the
back of your patrol car asking her why
her new daddy hurt her the mom's second
husband and you got to try to explain it
to the kid come back and tell me you
understand and then go paint everybody
with a broad brush and again I want you
to be accurate I want you to win I want
you to win you don't win when you're the
boy who cried wolf you'll lose every
single time
Sean Wingfield ones bye-bye I was I was
NYPD then I moved into the private
sector I developed a tool that could
track sex offenders pedophiles and
terror fundraisers online so I retired
early went into that world worked
alongside federal state and local law
enforcement and then got into media got
out of that business in about 2010-11
and moved right into media because a
large media company was one of my
clients they offered me a radio show and
Here I am and did some intelligence work
in there as well with some of this and
so that's my that's my background in a
nutshell
got all of them not all of us can be
cops you know I wanted to be one but my
for herniated disks took me out of the
running for the NYPD of the NYPD no
listen I'm not saying that what I'm
saying is just be smart you don't have
to have worked in law enforcement I'm
just saying don't hate everybody with a
brush because it's a term that you heard
and you see that it's getting retweets
and you think you're gonna get retweets
or your post shared it's irresponsible
it's silly and it makes you the boy who
cried wolf and no one's gonna listen
anymore
and the real victims won't get justice
the real victims won't get justice yeah
no one happy world I am NOT in a green
screen studio this is a very real chair
these are all real all real no
green-screen No
screen I don't you just green screen
everything's real I don't know why a
chair moves how could that be green
screen if the chair moves with me silly
ah now you see it everything in here is
real everything I am real look saying I
am real
all right guys been another great day
with you
the hour flew by all too quickly I will
be back with you 7:30 a.m. you know how
that works
tune in not sure we're gonna be talking
about the next show I'm gonna figure out
what's hot tonight what's topical I'll
put it up I'll tweet it out rest assured
I am real all this stuff is real not a
green screen I'm not a hologram all
right guys as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you next time
