friends its site for another installment
of Sheila's long hot summer of access to
information scandals about the Liberals
mishandling of the migrant crisis both
from Syria but also from the United
States today's exclusive access to
information documents are part of a
package we filed wanting more details
from the public safety ministry on the
housing of illegal border crossers in
Cornwall Ontario right after Justin
Trudeau's famous welcome to Canada tweet
that caused a border crisis as illegal
migrants self deported themselves into
Canada from the United States Cornwall
Ontario suddenly discovered that they
would be the new home to a makeshift
migrant camp to house those same illegal
border crossers Cornwall politicians at
the time said that there were hundreds
of mostly Haitian migrants being sent to
their town by the federal government you
see they weren't crossing the border at
Cornwall they were crossing the border
at Rock some Road and other places in
Quebec like Lahaul and southern Ontario
but they were being offloaded onto the
people of Cornwall to take care of
hundreds of them basically overnight at
the time
Brad Nutley the municipality of
Cornwall's emergency response chief said
that the Canadian Forces were building a
tent city on the corner of a lawn of a
privately run conference centre to
provide temporary accommodations for up
to 500 people while they wait their
asylum claims to be processed local
residents were complaining of course
they were about the noise and the lack
of information from both the
municipality who probably didn't have
any information to give and the lack of
communication from the federal
government so I went looking for more
information we wanted to find out
exactly what kind of people poor little
Cornwall was ending up with we already
know by the very
nature of their asylum claim here in
Canada that the migrants are already
willing to break both the law in Canada
and the United States but didn't really
just stop there let's jump right into
these documents shall we
these are a list of potential questions
that may have been asked of immigration
and public safety officials about
Cornwall with the prepared responses and
talking points attached question 6 how
many cases percentage of asylum seekers
at lick all have serious criminality now
liqu Hall is the Quebec border crossing
where most of the migrants heading to
Cornwall are entering into Canada how
many cases percentage of asylum seekers
have been detained the answer less than
1% of asylum seekers at lick all have
serious criminality and less than 1% of
its silent seekers have been detained
okay that seems low maybe we shouldn't
worry so much except the same documents
say that at the peak of summer there are
350 migrants crossing outlook hall daily
so that means roughly 3 people at that
one border crossing per day are being
detained for serious criminality 1% may
seem low but the numbers of migrants are
just so high and that really needs to be
put into context for the people who have
to live nearby all of this and let's be
clear being detained for series
criminality does not mean that a migrant
is immediately deported those people who
are making asylum claims and who are
also found to have serious criminality
or just detained may be jailed maybe not
but they still go through the years long
process of seeking asylum and they will
do the whole thing the entire time from
Canadian soil
I found another interesting tidbit again
deep within these documents here
bureaucrats are discussing how these
migrants are actually getting into
Canada what channels are they using to
land themselves in the United States to
then stage their asylum claim
here the documents say there appear to
be two main pathways for this movement
first there is a route through the u.s.
using genuinely issued visas and then
proceeding to the Canadian border after
a short stay in the u.s. now this first
group are just a bunch of country
shoppers who are over staying a United
States visitor or work visa and just
don't want to go home now that doesn't
make anybody a refugee makes them an
opportunist a criminal with no regard
for the laws of either country now the
document goes on the second route
involves migrants reaching North America
through the Mexican corridor once in the
US migrants from both pathways make
their way to Canada
using routes that are available on the
internet or by community word-of-mouth
now that last part about how many of
these migrants are coming through what
they call the Mexican corridor into the
United States for the explicit purpose
of illegally entering into Canada that
part should frighten and scare us all
because you know who else uses that
corridor to get into the United States
ms-13 and Canadian officials have warned
for at least several months now that
ms-13 could be using that Trudeau
created border crisis and chaos to make
their way into Canada ms-13 is
considered the most dangerous gang in
the world and according to reports in
the National Post it has had at least
some presence in Toronto for at least 10
years there are some suspected 10,000
ms-13 members in the United States and
50,000 throughout Central America and
they're listed as a transnational
criminal organization and in the past
they use the Obama created border crisis
at the u.s. southern border to swell
their ranks it's what they do they use
chaos their devil worshippers and drug
and human traffickers they're into
murder and prostitution and kidnapping
and torture they are the animals Donald
Trump describes
to be satanic and evil I can't tell you
what those people with what immigration
officials call serious criminality who
were warehouse by the federal government
until some far-off immigration hearing
have really done I don't have that
information in these documents but if
some were ms-13 would I be shocked no
and would they get a drawn-out
admissible 'ti hearing years from now
you better believe that and let's
remember folks these numbers only
reflect the migrants caught by the
system they don't reflect the criminals
who sneak through in an overwhelmed
illegal border-crossing
to disappear into Canada forever for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid have you
heard the Conservative Party of Canada
actually banned us a friend from
reporting at their upcoming Halifax
convention but we're going anyways to
help cover the cost of our trip to
Halifax to see the whole story and to
sign our petition to Andrew Shearer go
to let us report calm
