it looks like Chelsea Handler is coming
back to Netflix and this time she's
taking on white privilege
despite her show being cancelled on
Netflix after a couple of seasons it
looks like Chelsea Handler is coming
back I just don't understand why Netflix
doesn't learn as I pointed out yesterday
they're having to cancel Michelle will
show for what appears to be ratings
issues and as they keep failing to
produce a talk show that Millennials
will like because they assume I guess
that every millennial is interested in
far-left propaganda they're now turning
to a new show about race during an
interview with BuzzFeed handler
explained that she's working on a new
book and a new Netflix show about white
privilege that she intends to be quote
very funny she says she's going to hang
herself out to dry you know was
happening in my life but at a certain
age you kind of have an evolution and
it's not that I that I'm disavowing
comedy I think the two can be blended
together and I think everything's more
digestible when it's funny so even
though I'm tackling a subject like white
privilege I intend for it to be very
funny and I tend to hang myself out to
dry so we've reached the level where
comics go beyond comical
self-deprecation and begin to flat-out
insult themselves isn't this self-hatred
isn't this what white privilege talk and
cultural appropriation talk and all this
white supremacy claims are doing white
people are being taught to hate
themselves and it's just not that funny
they're being taught to hate themselves
so much so that some are even willing to
go on television and hang themselves to
dry over it and during the interview she
also talks about how she's successful
because she's white and pretty okay so
let me get this straight people can only
get ahead today because they're white
and pretty how then do we explain the
countless of black legends in the
entertainment industry Aretha Franklin
who sadly left us recently became the
Queen of Soul despite growing up in
times when there was race
ISM and Morgan Freeman arguably one of
the most legendary actors alive
shun of this very idea of white
privilege but it's hard to when you say
that to some people because they say oh
there you go with a pull yourself up by
the bootstraps thing and you know you're
just being respectable not everybody can
do that
look everybody can there are also many
actors today that are hugely popular and
they're not generically pretty many are
fat and have this quirky personality
which is what makes them so hugely
successful so maybe we should stick to
the facts Chelsea and here they are
you're not funny
you're not interesting you are wrong
about racism you're pandering to the
insane ideologues you are a liar white
privilege isn't real and it isn't funny
and black people are perfectly capable
of getting ahead and doing amazing
things thank you if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
