here in California no plastic drinking
straws and we're also gonna tell you
what you can drink more on that story
coming up today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you're one
of those people who loves to live in a
big city but you left New York when you
thought that Bloomberg and his soda ban
was going to happen and it was the last
straw for you so you picked up your life
and moved to Los Angeles to those of you
who did that thanks a lot
you brought your stupid proposed soda
ban with you not here in California you
can smoke smoke pot legally you don't
even have to have a medical card for it
if you're an illegal alien obviously you
are totally good here but plastic
drinking straws oh no gosh no those
things are evil how awful no more
plastic drinking straws and not only
that we don't just want to restrict the
vehicle by which the beverage goes from
the receptacle to your mouth but now we
also want to limit what that beverage is
namely soft drinks the geniuses behind
SB 1192 seek to amend the California
retail food code under the State
Department of Public Health to require
the default Bab rate beverage with kids
meals to be water or unflavored milk
meaning if you order a kid's meal for
your child and there's a drink included
it can only be water or milk if you want
a soda that is not included now let me
be clear I don't necessarily disagree
with the premise behind this I don't
think that kids should drink soda when I
was growing up every once in a while on
a special occasion when we were out to
dinner a birthday or something I could
order a Shirley Temple but when we went
out to dinner ordering sodas on a
regular basis was just not a thing in
the head family and I think most people
who grew up in the 80s or before are the
same way or maybe not if not your
parents are crappy parents just kidding
not really
anyway grow a pair stand up your
children if they want soda just say no
just say no anyway we all know the
dangers of soda it contains no nutrients
heightened levels of sugar and other
artificial sweeteners and also
suppresses appetite so kids are less
hungry for their fruits and veggies many
contain phosphorus which can deplete
calcium and bones also there's the whole
tooth decay thing it can also create a
dependence on caffeine and can upset
that normal balance of neuro chemistry
that's not great for adults but
especially for developing children that
is super bad so there we've made the
case for kids not drinking soda but this
is Orwellian Alinsky and tactics of
granting the state the responsibility of
raising children instead of their
parents parents should be able to parent
the way that they see fit parents know
better
always unless it's an extreme
circumstance where it's a single
alcoholic crackhead mom and the child
has to be taken away which is an
extremely sad situation but what are you
to do so you can't legislate morality
and you really shouldn't legislate
parenting but if Garrett governor
Moonbeam Jerry Brown signs this into law
this will be the first type of
legislation yes here in California yay
Bravo California leading the way into
the future the future being the year
1984 if you enjoyed my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebel subscribe to our premium
content at www.hsn
new app for the rebel media so that you
will have instant access to all of our
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows go check it out
