Catherine McKenna is planning to spend
$25,000 just to study the idea of
creating a facebook chat bot to scare
our teenagers about climate change and
we have the exclusive documents to prove
it after spending the last few weeks
blaming my plastic straws out here in
Alberta for bugging up the blow holes of
dolphins in Japan or something Catherine
McKenna and the Ministry of Environment
and climate change have moved on to
their next embarrassing project now they
want to use AI tools to talk to other
people's kids on Facebook about deadly
climate change because that is not weird
or anything and we found this all out
through yet
another access the information
investigation let's go back a little bit
though for a little history remember a
little while ago when we covered how
Catherine McKenna wanted to create a
government of Canada weather app if
you're a normal person who uses their
smartphone on a somewhat regular basis
you would of course recognize that this
is crazy and redundant and a total waste
of money since there are a million other
weather apps out there that actually
already use Environment Canada data the
problem is what all those other apps do
is just give you the straight weather
this straight
science the straight conditions they'll
tell you what the temperature is going
to be whether it's going to be windy or
cloudy or whatever so you can decide if
you should maybe bring a jacket with you
that kind of stuff but those apps don't
effectively scare monger you about
climate change all those other apps
prepare you for your day but they don't
make you feel bad about your SUV but and
so of course the Government of Canada
just couldn't have you walking around
feeling unwell all day they wanted an
app for that
now the Ministry of Environment and
climate change is spending twenty five
thousand dollars to study the
development of a
their chat bot that uses intelligent
messaging through facebook Messenger and
the government readily admits that this
is not just to give us straight weather
information because as I said before
there are a million other apps that do
that and do that well no right here
under purpose it says this is to provide
information on the use of intelligent
messaging to disseminate weather-related
and climate change information through a
chat bot on facebook messenger get that
and climate change and it's interesting
that even the government under issues
admits that their idea is pretty darn
redundant some partners and competitors
for example Weather Network Yahoo and
native mobile weather apps are currently
using environment and climate change
Canada's weather data to serve selected
needs of Canadians by offering them more
immediate information at the time and
place when they want it but the
government says their chat thought would
present an opportunity to provide
Canadians more authoritative and timely
weather data through the chat bot
translation for normal people they'll
also nag you about climate change
oh and according to these documents the
government is working directly with
Facebook to develop this chat bot right
here Facebook Canada has been consulted
oh boy I'm sure that wasn't exactly
cheap Facebook would provide support for
the concept and development of this
product well you know Facebook right the
company that Justin Trudeau has told he
will regulate if they don't crack down
on what Justin Trudeau determines to be
fake news well in advance of the next
election Facebook's a company that
routinely collaborates and colludes with
other social media networks to censor
conservative content Facebook the
company that routinely shuts down the
pages of moderate Muslims who call for
reform in the Arab world yeah that
Facebook how can this go wrong anyway
it's pretty clear that the government is
targeting kids because the articles they
cite in this information to the Deputy
Minister document talks about how text
messaging is the dominant form of
communication among teenagers here let
me save Catherine McKenna $25,000 on a
study right now kids are not really on
Facebook a breakdown of us Facebook
users which is probably pretty similar
to Canadian use shows that fewer than
10% of US users are aged 17 years and
younger and even fewer are 65 or older
but 65% are 35 and older Facebook is
where your mother-in-law has pictures of
her dog and pictures of the grandkids
doing that thing that literally every
other grand kid on the planet does but
she's super proud of them anyway that's
what Facebook is all about oh and
recipes there's nothing wrong with that
but that's how young people view
Facebook too and while my three children
are not the greatest sampling size I
asked them and the last thing they want
to do on social media is talk to the
government about the weather but this
latest creepy chat bot Fiasco is really
nothing new for Catherine McKenna she so
desperately wants to be the hippest
minister in cabinet but she always ends
up coming off a little like this guy
how do you do fellow kids Catherine
McKenna is really obsessed with social
media and she's very willing to spend a
lot of taxpayer money on it we know
through other access to information
investigations that she has at least 24
staff who are involved in managing and
preparing her social media posts which
is really really quite pathetic given
the number of social media gaffes
she has on a near daily basis there was
that time that she tweeted out a picture
of a puffin to wish us all happy penguin
day whatever that is and then there was
a time she thanked Syria for the
commitment to fighting climate change I
suppose if you gasp enough of your
citizens they aren't emitting co2 so I
don't know I guess there's that and then
there was a time that McKenna thought
the Olympics were being held in North
Korea I mean the gaffes they literally
go on and on and on Catherine McKenna
and her plants use Facebook and weather
apps to brainwash other people's kids
even after your kids have spent the
whole day being brainwashed at school
are just a symptom of a greater
government sickness that sickness is
they are just so desperate to want to be
the cool kids doing cool stuff on social
media and we all have to pay for their
petty vanity last year Conservative MP
Michelle Rempel uncovered through access
to information that the government of
Canada had spent $16,000 on custom
snapchat filters one filter created for
the Department of Canadian Heritage
costs $10,000 u.s. but was only used
eight hundred and fifty nine times it is
high time the Liberals learned you can't
buy cool no matter how much taxpayer
money you spend on it for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun Reid did you know
that we have a new rebel media mobile
app don't worry the taxpayer didn't pay
for it
it was crowd funded it's available on
the Google Play Store or the Apple App
Store download it give it a whirl give
us some feedback and take the other side
of the story with you wherever you go
you
