while Jeremy Corbyn tries to wiggle his
way out of an anti-semitism storm Hamas
has just declared their support for him
take a look at this video of Jeremy
Corbyn trying to worm his way out of an
anti-semitism storm after he admitted
that he laid a wreath at the graves of
the Black September attackers now these
are a group of Palestinian terrorists
who committed the Munich Massacre in
1972 they took 11 Israeli Olympic team
members hostage and then they killed
them along with a German police officer
take a look at this along with other
colleagues who were delegates the
conference later briefs in memory of all
those that have died in the hope that we
have a peace process and peace in the
future so those raids are never repeated
this Massacre was essentially an attempt
at blackmail the Palestinian terrorists
black September
demanded that two hundred and thirty-odd
Palestinian terrorists who were locked
up in Israel be released so they killed
innocent people to get their way hmm
sure Jeremy you want a peace process
with these people that's your goal well
Corbin's friends anyway clearly aren't
very happy with the fact that Corbin's
been trying to distance himself from
these people that he's been associated
with for all these years he probably
never thought in a million years he'd
become the leader of the Labour Party so
he didn't matter who we hung out with he
could hang out with the IRA and Hamas
and who cares but no he's come back to
bite him on the backside and how much
clearly aren't happy because now they're
endorsing him now they're really
sticking him in in the shark-infested
waters with this one because the Hamas
of literally come out and endorsed him
so in a tweet yes Hamas has Twitter in
the tweet Hamas wrote we salute jeremy
corbyn's supportive position to the
Palestinians but the issue of him as
Prime Minister is an internal British
issue and we respect the choice of the
British people I'll come on shore okay
we we know very well that you would much
prefer Jeremy Corbyn over to resume as
much as you might respect the decision
made by the British people but that's an
endorsement that's an endorsement to me
isn't it an endorsement to you I guess
if you hang out with terrorists lay
wreaths for
terrorists and support terrorist States
and terrorists are probably going to
endorse you if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
