you know I was checking out salaries for
lunch ladies the other day no don't
worry I'm not leaving you guys and I saw
that they make around $22,000 a year but
hashtag not all lunch ladies because in
Connecticut there are two who were
recently arrested for allegedly stealing
around half a million dollars from their
schools let's check it out everyone
loves grand theft auto but how about
grand theft lunch these two ladies
Joanne Pascarella and Marie Wilson are
sisters who allegedly stole within five
years time 478562 this story Marie is
innocent and did not personally divert a
single nickel of town money for personal
gain she is not going to be scapegoated
for the missing money
Joanne and Maria got charged with fraud
and larceny and paid $50,000 in bail
apiece to get out of prison and get this
new Kanaan police believe that the
sisters have been poaching money for 15
years but fortunately for the ladies a
statute of limitations bars them from
being charged for anything longer than
five years Marie and Joanne are
scheduled to appear in court on August
21st and 24th respectively but hold on
what is up with Connecticut recently you
might remember when I reported on
feminist professor Matthew fantastic
Lauder
yes that is his middle name and yes that
is him in a snow white outfit there
lauder have allegedly put a youtuber in
a headlock and began punching him in the
head it's been nearly three weeks since
that incident and still no arrests for
campus unmasked I'm Rob chin shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate
send us details using the four
on campus on mass comm
