you may remember that after my video on
the exchange between Chelsea Clinton and
the Church of Satan on Twitter this
satanic church tweeted at both me and
the rebel well my old nemesis are back
in the news after a group of Satanists
brought an 8-foot satanic bronze statue
to the Arkansas State Capitol to protest
the 10 commandments and ideally the
removal of them the same goal of another
man who claimed to be following Satan
who just a year before had a much more
aggressive approach I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood
last year just 24 hours after the
granite statue of the ten commandments
was erected it was destroyed by Michael
Tate Reid who said that Satan told him
to do it well now it seems like the
Church of Satan and Satanists are back
to finish the job but this time
thankfully with argument and protest the
only way that this should ever happen to
protest they claim that their statue of
bomb foment a male/female wing it goat
creature thing that's toying with little
children should be displayed obviously
next to the Ten Commandments and this is
the show the state is not living up to
its separation of church and state as
well as quote freedom of speech which is
weird because obviously they have the
right to talk they're doing it now and
they've the right to practice the
religion anywhere so now let's get into
the debate in details cuz this is
actually somewhat of an interesting
debate first did the government make you
cake part in the Ten Commandment
Monument no it was privately funded no
taxpayer dollars went to this and no
Satanist was forced to have some of
their paycheck taken away to make it
which is how it's supposed to work good
lord I wish the government would do this
more often where if I don't approve of
something or take part in something you
don't get to take my money away and put
it towards this you know like taking my
tax dollars and putting it towards a
Planned Parenthood or birth control
however thankfully in the Ten
Commandment case this was not in a case
so then why was the Ten Commandment
Monument approved and not the gross
disgusting looking statue to reasons yes
the gross satanic statue was privately
paid for as well but it still had to be
sponsored and approved that way there is
a check and balance for any wealthy
person not erecting any permanent gross
pornography statue in any public place
okay but then why would they approve the
Ten Commandments and not this statue
this is a common misconception of the
separation of church and state please do
tell me where any government agency
makes you worship Jesus Christ oh
non-vet shocking and separation of
church and state does not mean
separation of history and context the
reason we have the Constitution in the
Bill of Rights is because of the Ten
Commandments and the Bible it's
judeo-christian principles as well as
some Aristotelian thought you may take
prayer out of the schools but if you
take Jesus Christ in the Bible out of
American history and civics then you are
lying and doing a disservice to an
entire generation where do you think the
English common laws came from where do
you think the inspiration and foundation
for the Magna Carta came from so there's
both an historical and contextual reason
for the Ten Commandments to be there on
the state capitol and no you're not
required to walk by and bow down to it
separation of church and state and
there's a few reasons why it is so
important
to acknowledge this fact our founding
fathers knew this to be true at least
recognizing the church and its values
was a necessity to have a country of
freedom and liberty don't ask me ask our
founding fathers John Adams said quote
we have no government armed with power
capable of contending with human
passions unbridled by morality and
religion our Constitution was made only
for a moral and religious people
Benjamin Franklin said quote only a
virtuous people are capable of freedom
as nations become corrupt and vicious
they have more need of masters where as
true religion and good morals are the
only solid foundation of public liberty
and happiness it is hereby earnestly
recommended to several states to take
the most effectual measures for the
encouragement thereof unquote but in all
religions are the same well let's just
look at the Ten Commandments in
comparing now the first four if you're
not a believer mean almost nothing to
you but let's look at the bottom six
honor thy father and mother thou shalt
not kill thou shalt not commit adultery
thou shalt not steal thou shalt not bear
false witness thou shalt not covet those
seem like some really good things to
live by if you're a free and prosperous
nation right and the Church of Satan's
Commandments Satan represents indulgence
instead of absence Satan represents
kindness to those who deserve it instead
of love waste on ingrid's Satan
represents vengeance instead of turning
the other cheek that sounds like the
opposite right Satan represents man as
just another animal sometimes better
often worse and my favorite satanic rule
of the earth is number 11 wasn't walking
in open territory bothered no one if
someone bothers you ask him to stop if
he does not stop destroy him these are
some values in Tifa should really be
worried about so with no historical a
contextual claim you know to the
foundation of this country to have it in
a public square on a state capitol it
would make sense that the Ten
Commandments would be allowed to stay
and not this grotesque statue so yes
there is still separation of church and
state and yes there is still a great
reason to have the Ten Commandments here
because there's one of the foundational
building blocks of the English common
laws the Magna Carta and yes our
Declaration of Independence that gives
you the freedoms to be able to practice
whatever religion you want but it's also
important to know where these rights
come from they're not given by the
government they're enforced they're
given by God and recognizing that is
extremely important and these values and
principles are protected because the
majority of this country and the
founding fathers believe that you should
be allowed to do and we will stand firm
in that because in god we trust'
you may have heard that somewhere or see
written on Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood and another fantastic news you
can now download the rebel up and take
me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content in the entire rebel
lineup
you
