robert muller does not need an interview
with president all right robert muller
has been playing games for a long time
paul mana for cases an epic go p-- epic
joke all man afford should not be
prosecuted by the special counsel now
look at man afford did what he did
that's up to a jury that case should
have been handled by the US Attorneys
offices in DC and Virginia Muller has no
mandate to prosecute 11 year old
twelve-year-old financial crime the jury
is still out so apparently they have
some issues as well now that speculation
the jury could be doing a very thorough
job reviewing thousands documents going
over the 20 some-odd witnesses the two
weeks of testimony and the 18 counts and
remember man up for it as 25 counts got
to face it under 7 count in a courtroom
in DC the Virginia trial happening now
but that doesn't matter his mother
should never have been the one to
prosecuted in the first place now it's
in the hands of the jury again
everybody's speculating this means hurry
or amount of ports going to jail three
years the procedure is being very
deliberate we don't know I will say from
personal experiences law enforcement
Yury asking the judge left to redefine
reasonable doubt being based on
empirical perience
it doesn't bode well for the prosecution
that typically bodes better for the
defense
but why doesn't Muller need an interview
with President Trump well we got our
answer this week White House Counsel Don
Magana guy that Trump relies on a guy
who is known universally very honest and
not a risk pig has spent 30 hours with
Muller nobody's in 30 hours 30 hours oh
my god 30 hours Trump is cooked that's
really not a lot of time from has been
president for a year and a half
these debriefs are exhausted the White
House has a crisis as second though
began spending 30 hours with Mulder's
team sounds like a lot of time really
not a lot of time for a debrief this
comprehensive it's about average but
over and over and over again what we
know is that McGann but we know this
from the sources but no one's debunked
this nobody's refuted it we know that
McGann said prompt ranted and raved a
lot he huffed and puffed but he an
important part never exceeded his legal
authority now Don McGann is not Donald
Trump's lawyer Don McGann is the White
House Counsel his job is to make sure
everything in the White House is done
legally is done in compliance with the
United States code in the United States
Constitution in fact he are more
valuable far more valuable for the
special counsel then are the president's
lawyers then is even the president
because Don McGann's job is to protect
the integrity of the White House as an
operational entity and when you have the
White House Counsel under oath the guy
who has never never even had a whisper
whisper of integrity issues or
corruption in fact he's well regarded by
everybody when you've got him with these
special counsel or 30 hours saying a lot
of ranting and raving a lot of emotion
standard stuff but the president never
exceeded his legal authority that's done
again not Donald Trump's lawyer that's
done him again the White House Counsel
an independent observer of the President
of the United States a guy who says to
the president mr. president I get you
can't do it that way that's not legal
got to do it this way mr. president you
have four options on the table these
three illegal this one isn't crap that
one that one won't work for us we'll be
challenged
court that could potentially violate the
u.s. Criminal Code that one's off the
table okay these three look really good
let's vet these three deeper to find out
which one is the most constitute that's
his job but when he sits in front of the
special counsel and says the president
never exceeded his legal authority you
could take that to the bank and for that
reason alone
Muller's case is done it's over it's
over even Richard Burr the chairman of
the Senate Select Committee on
Intelligence an entity that's been never
Trump is saying they don't seen it it's
nothing there let Muller interview as
few more witnesses there's nothing there
and it is high time Robert Muller to put
all now believe I shouldn't say we all I
believe many of us believe but what it
really appears to be President called a
rigged witch-hunt a hoax it's time for
Muller to shut down and not try to
interfere in the midterm not playing
partisan politics and to stop asking the
president for an interview is the White
House Counsel he the special counsel far
more than the president ever could and
they completely exonerated Donald Trump
all right I'm gonna bring these to you
every day and you gotta check out my
live show 7:30 a.m. on the rebels
YouTube channel
declassified live I'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching
you
