justin trudeau absolutely lost his cool
over the weekend his staff always
insulated him from criticism and the
Canadian media is so overwhelmingly
biased towards him he really doesn't
know what to do with someone like this
woman who dared to heckle him in Quebec
take a look he used to be lavished with
praise he has been his whole life ever
since he was a boy he's just not good at
handling criticism he surrounds himself
with yes men so on those rare moments
when someone manages to get through his
bubble to speak truth to power he falls
apart like this weekend in Quebec
Trudeau was giving a stump speech when
that woman started heckling him take a
look and now I'm going to show you more
of it I'm gonna show the whole thing
okay from the beginning to the end but
let me set the clip up a bit first
I mean heckling that's not very friendly
is it well it's actually pretty
important part of democracy we have the
right to heckle our political leaders
maybe even a duty if they're doing
something really wrong I mean they
hackle each other in Parliament right
and Trudeau heckles back right I mean
who can forget Trudeau's own eloquent
reply few years back when he was in
opposition to Peter Kent here take a
listen you'll hear a swear being shouted
in the background that's our boy Justin
colleague if she had been in Durban
would have seen that in fact
order hmm that was Trudeau he later
apologized I lost my temper and used
language that was most decidedly
unparliamentary and for that I
unreservedly apologize mr. speaker that
Zorro mustache was just perfect for him
wasn't it
anyways heckling yeah not so good at say
weddings or funerals but those are
private events ceremonies really a
politician giving a stump speech it's
pretty much the number one place you
should heckle other than maybe at a
comedy club and like at a comedy club
how the speaker deals with hecklers is
really a test of your temperament I mean
for comedians as a test of how quick you
can think on your feet and how funny you
are for politicians it's a test of how
quick you can think on your feet and how
smart you are or how funny you are a
funny reply to a heckler can be as
winning for a politician as for a
comedian so how did Boyd Trudeau - well
I'll show you just FYI the grandmother
who heckled Trudeau she's talking about
Trudeau's decision to let in tens of
thousands of illegal immigrants from the
United States just walking right across
our borders not applying league legally
but pretending to be refugees when of
course they're not no one coming from
the United States is a refugee but
Trudeau lets them all stay and he even
puts them up in hotels at the expense of
Canadian taxpayers so without further
ado watch this grandmother heckle
Trudeau and watch this response hey
madam leave that off
Videocon the paper muse amigo okay now
so far so good he actually tells the
heckling grandma but they have to listen
to each other that sounds common
friendly enough and respectful enough
and tell you the truth it makes him look
good don't you think
so he actually invites her to put her
question and she does without insults
without profanity she doesn't call him a
piece of Shi t like he called Peter Kent
and it's a real question what about the
hundred and sixty-four million dollars
spent on Trudeau's illegal immigrants so
far it's a question that everyone is
asking in Canada at least the different
versions of that question even the
mainstream media acknowledges it's an
issue it's a crisis they used that word
crisis the Opposition in Parliament
calls it a crisis his own bureaucrats
call it a crisis and the Liberal Premier
of Quebec calls of the crisis so much so
that he insists on busing Trudeau's
illegal immigrants to Toronto because he
doesn't even want them in his province
so what's Trudeau's first answer she was
heckling him but then he invited her to
put a question get it out of her system
and she did very succinctly I mean sure
she's irritating but if you don't like
that don't go into politics
she put her question and immediately his
immediate reaction
was to attack her as racist she didn't
call him names but he immediately called
her and presumably anyone else who dares
to share the same opinions as her by
their intolerant racist take a look so
she's intolerant she's racist towards
immigrants but but she wasn't she just
asked him a real question who's gonna
pay for it all why does she have to pay
hundred and forty six million dollars
along with of the taxpayers how does
that a racist question what's that got
to do with race at all Trudeau is
setting the example on how to treat
people who disagree you can see other
people telling her to shut up now fair
enough
she condition out she can take it but
then look look someone falsely accuses
her of making a threat of violence I
mean it's a Hoke and hoax but right away
a plain-clothes RCMP officer comes right
over to check it out and she obviously
denies it and we know the truth because
we've been listening and watching her
you can tell the guy who comes over his
arse campy because he's got an earpiece
in his ear he talks to her once or twice
but he basically leaves her alone take a
look
so she's responded in an interesting way
she was just accused by Justin Trudeau
being intolerant because she dared to
question his immigration crisis and
specifically it's caused by the way most
Canadians are opposed to Trudeau on
immigration
Trudeau's on pole so that 92% of
Canadians don't want increased
immigration but is forcing it on us
anyways you could say he's intolerant of
our views so she asks Trudeau and she
says mr. Trudeau she's been even more
polite now actually she asked if mr.
Trudeau is tolerant of old stock
Quebecers and remember this is in Quebec
their ethnic identity their distinct
Society status their specialness has
been drummed into the rest of us
Canadians by liberal politicians for 50
years since the FLQ crisis right so it's
hardly radical what she says they're
qu√©bec's du Quebec words do have an
ethnic cultural identity me don't be
surprised it's what we've been told to
accept for decades is really four
centuries since lower Canada was given
special french catholic privileges under
the british empire and that's fine by me
Quebecers obviously are different than
the rest of canadians my point is this
woman wasn't asking anything the Trudeau
himself hasn't said his whole life he's
a Quebec chauvinist himself remember
this Quebecers are better than the rest
of Canada because he'll for Quebecers
yeah so let's keep watching now so the
speech is over
she had her heckles the RCMP came over
stood right by her obviously saw who she
was an angry grandma but not anyone
posing any danger at all not making
threats not swearing not really even
shouting except to be heard Trudeau
himself invited her to speak she did
everything's fine I mean Trudeau's
reaction was way way over the top
immediately escalating to calling her
name's but let's keep watching because
the worst is yet to come now notice
there's a guy behind her in a cap a
light shirt and a dark knapsack
that's another RCMP officer in plain
clothes he follows her towards Trudeau
and again no problem that's good
policing just to make sure nothing goes
wrong just to make sure she doesn't I
don't know try to hit him or something
or grab him but he's so low-key at first
take a look
so he calls her racist a few more times
and says he's a proud Quebecker and he
says she does not belong in Quebec you
can see a couple more our CMP in very
dark dress helping to push him forward
push people back you can hear her but
you can't see her anymore but now look
at this new camera angle and for about
10 seconds you can't hear her anymore
either take a look
look at that
look back there near the tractors the
guy who was following her when she
approached the prime minister you can
see his hat you can see his backpack
there near the tractors you could see
her shirt and he's holding her he's got
her and he's moved her over to the
tractors ok keep rolling they're
demanding an ID card from her why but
look what they're doing to her arm there
look at how they're holding her arm
look how they're bending it
maximum pain they're holding her bicep
and pushing her wrist down
she's far away from the prime minister
now he has left you saw him leave she
never said anything threatening to him
she asked him a question and then you
saw it he came when he left he walked
right to her he leaned over he came up
to her for him to have another go at her
he went to her he obviously wasn't
scared of her
but he wasn't ignoring her either he
went up to her to humiliate her a bit to
quarrel with her a bit so he wasn't
scared of her and she wasn't scary and
he's the one who insulted her saying she
does not belong in Quebec you heard him
say
CMP pull pull her away hi Trudeau came
towards her
to finish their quarrel
but now
like that to bend her wrist like that
for what
watch some more that's what insane
madness recounts little son and that's
perfect son
chill out Sammy who killed 30 people
Phineas that madam knows every alternate
oh he pays so I don't know if you
noticed I put a second and a cop
undercover cop comes over
but really what why does she have to go
with them Trudeau is left he's be
bravely came up to her called her some
names she didn't call him names in fact
she's calling him mr. Trudeau now he
called her names but they're handling
her bruising her she says I don't know
she's telling the truth about being
bruised but it sure didn't look
comfortable to have your wrist like that
Trudeau what's left and even if he
hadn't what what had she done in fact
wasn't the Trudeau who came over to her
keep rolling the tape
that's for sure
Vera bosses do not cat sign says good
enough cats I engage position that she's
not done really and and what more will
he do to her and on what basis will he
do it has she been D person yet by
Trudeau fired from her job though I
sense she's probably retired humiliated
in public oh that will come soon enough
on what grounds would the police not be
done with her yet you know that police
in Quebec know how to be very hospitable
super friendly very accommodating to
foreign illegal immigrants breaking the
law then the police are positively
bellhops carrying luggage fetching them
lunch but they're illegal immigrants
this woman is much worse she's an old
stock Quebecer asking about illegal
immigrants and Trudeau says she doesn't
belong in the province so the police
aren't done with her yet two of them now
Trudeau is long gone and he's in his
bulletproof limo he's gone back to
another personal day or whatever but
this woman's not free to go yet
but watch this next part it's it's
classic it's it's amazing actually take
a look
they go
in fact it's an opinion at steering
oh you're hysterical lady you're mad
isn't she great she says no if I were a
man you'd say I had balls
but again really who was hysterical this
woman or Trudeau
they both shouted but only Trudeau
called her names six times
they both exercised their freedom of
speech but only Trudeau's bodyguards
thought that a physical altercation was
necessary and if someone did that to my
arm because I dared to question the
precious one I'd probably be more
hysterical than she was that's it she
leaves after that the tape ends in about
ten more seconds hey did you see any of
the footage I just showed you on TV I
understand that CTV actually played a
brief clip of her hollering at the PM
but did you see on TV him insulting her
six times calling her races calling her
intolerant and saying she has no place
in Quebec
but more to the point did you see him
going over to her afterwards to grind
her face in it
to really rub it in her face she was
intolerant that there's no place in this
country for her no you did not see that
on CTV or CBC at least not as at the
moment I'm recording this and you did
not see the clip of the bodyguards
bending her wrist roughing her up just a
little bit just enough to leave a mark
even just for a few minutes on her arm
and just enough to psychologically mark
her so that she knows if she does it
again she'll be hurt maybe hurt much
worse did you see that on the media
party TV stations no you did not
before times Justin Trudeau said she was
intolerant two times said she was racist
no no place here twice to be called
racist no place in Quebec
it's six insults to her for asking a
question for daring to ask about the
number one issue in Quebec today and
it's not insignificant to note the
liberal partisan who falsely accused her
of making threats remember early in the
video falsely accusing her of making
threats you saw was false and of course
it is important to note the bodyguards
who she did not make any threats they
were treating her as if she did did you
see this comedy headline over the
weekend Trudeau says 2019 election is
fight against polarization and then says
liberals want positive politics
conservatives reject imagine being a
reporter
watching Trudeau an insult this woman
six times and then writing that absurd
headline Trudeau wants a healing
positive country end like those evil
conservatives this my friends is what
we're in for
for the next twelve months you are that
grandma if you dare to ask any questions
however nicely or however loudly you
will be called intolerant and racist and
then you have no place in this country
not the place that illegal immigrants
have that's for sure in the media party
they will cheer along with your
denunciation say what do you think the
media party would have done if it were
Stephen Harper who had smeared a liberal
citizen six times in two minutes as a
bigot merely for asking a question about
government spending and if Harper had
literally walked up to that grandma
afterwards to pick a fight some more and
then if Harper's bodyguards would have
been to Grandma's wrist just to teach
her a little lesson yeah it would be
crisis style coverage for a week
but for Trudeau well the media knows its
job ignore this story or denounce the
woman as a bigot - I wonder how Andrew
Shearer is gonna fare in a battle like
this that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
