in the aftermath of that hate fest known
as the carry the light conference staged
by the Canadian arm of the Islamic
circle of North America what do our
elected officials have to say yeah
radio silence as most of you presumably
know from our Linda Sarsour dot CA
campaign the rebel took a stance in
outing sorcerer and a collection of
other equally odious speakers who showed
up in the Greater Toronto Area on
Thanksgiving weekend
now we weren't advocating a band for
sorcerer and her mentor Suraj will Hodge
an unindicted co-conspirator in the 1993
World Trade Center bombing no we merely
wanted people to know what these people
stood for so we crowdfunded that
wonderful jumbotron equipped truck to
circle the Toronto International Center
putting sir sewers hate on full display
for all to see now we would have loved
to have attended to carry the light
speeches except for the fact that we
were frog-marched off the property at
the request of acknow officials other
observers were also denied entry at one
point someone connected to the event
said it was verboten for non-muslims to
attend agna has since issued a press
release noting the individual who stated
that was not speaking in an official
capacity for it now but when I was
researching my previous commentaries
about the carry the light conference I
reached out to the MP an MPP of the
region where the Toronto International
Centre is located as well as the mayors
of Toronto and Mississauga I wanted to
get their opinion on the odious rhetoric
advocated by speakers such as our sewers
dream of implementing Sharia law in the
West and her support of a jihad against
President Donald Trump only Toronto
Mayor John Tory responded through his
spokesman who remark quote the mayor
condemns all forms of hatred although
this event is taking place in
Mississauga
the mayor would hope that no public
event should be held in the GTA where
speakers with homophobic misogynistic or
anti-semitic views are given a platform
to speak end quote
but when it comes to Mississauga Mayor
Bonnie Crombie who did not respond to
repeated requests for comment
one must ponder does she actually
subscribe to some of the opinions that
were being advocated at the ignorant
check out this footage of Mayor crumby
at the Meadowvale Islamic Center the
footage is intriguing as it shows crumby
attacking one of her political rivals
Kevin J Johnson but even more concerning
it turns out Crombie is actually a
supporter of the anti-free speech motion
known as m103 did you catch that folks
apparently Canadian values according to
crombie include anti-free speech
proclamations apparently Canadian values
include the idea of gender segregated
mini mosques
being accommodated in public schools
funded by the taxpayer dollar sorry but
when exactly did this all become part
and parcel of Canadiana but here's the
rub imagine if m103 that motion that
Mayor cromby so lovingly embraces was to
become law then you know what that
jumbotron truck we rented outing Linda
Sarsour
with her own words that could be deemed
as an act of Islamophobia and if that
was the case not only would our protest
be shut down but we would have been
facing criminal charges simply for being
critical of Islam and yet leftist like
Bonnie Crombie
are fine with this indeed they
embrace draconian censorship a fair
comment while turning a blind eye to the
hatred spewed by sir soaring company
because well I guess that's diverse
hatred and therefore in the name of
reasonable accommodation this is hatred
that needs to be tolerated actually
strike that given the identity politics
at play here this is hatred that needs
to be embraced as a Canadian value for
the rebel dawn media I'm David the men's
I'd Menzies hey folks the Breville has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you
travel
you
