so yesterday I was going to see Mark
Wahlberg and Peter Berg's new movie mile
22 I checked my phone the top story is a
scalding review by the AV Film Club
saying quote mile 22 is a Dumber
sloppier more patriotic fallout I
sprinted into the movie theater to see
what sounded like the best movie of the
summer I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood you know they say mainstream
liberals don't hate America well it sure
doesn't seem like that since when is a
criteria for slamming a film the fact
that it's pro-american or patriotic
literally all these critics can shove it
the mainstream media and all the critics
are doing everything to bury this film
even the data website Box Office Mojo
has a headline that reads crazy rich
Asians target 25 to 28 million sounds
good but they say 5-day projection has
didn't even happen yet it is projecting
it to pump up the government's mile 22
brings in 1 million from previews
previews being just the opening night on
Thursday alpha brings in five hundred
and twenty five thousand dollars and
that was the IMAX theaters at my theater
mile 22 was an IMAX alpha was that is
fake news framing at its finest if this
movie was like most Hollywood action
paramilitary movies where the Americans
are always seen as kind of the bad guys
I can't believe our government gave us
these orders I can't believe we have to
do with this look at all these
foreigners were taking advantage of
because of our American greed and lack
of empathy this would be a five-star
critic leftist fetish film however this
movie shows America as the greatest
country on Earth people literally
begging in lying to gain asylum Donald
Trump bobbleheads talking about
terrorism as terrorism as it actually is
and they have Winston Churchill tattoos
are you amped up yet and what's even
better is the media is not even trying
to cover why they hate this film the New
York Times a former newspaper said quote
mile 20 to mark Whalberg patriotism and
paranoia indieWIRE said far away the
worst movie of 2018 at least the ones
that weren't directed by Dinesh D'Souza
of course they had to slam the other
conservative film The Wrap said mixing
obnoxious geopolitical cynicism and goes
on to say why can't there be more bloody
combat scenes with foreigners Rotten
Tomatoes says all the critics giving it
a 24%
while the viewers is still low however
the fact they're only letting 600 people
vote so far
makes me think they got everyone in
their offices to vote down this movie
until the weekend is over okay is your
blood boiling yet me - alright mark
walberg Peterburg when you're ready to
do the sequel hit me up let's do this as
a movie I'm gonna give mile 22 a four
out of five
this movie is unique on many levels for
one it's insanely short runtime 90
minutes it's an hour to have it's like a
long episode of Game of Thrones this
movie moves from start to finish which
makes even the exposition the dialogue
scenes feel like a fight which is kind
of the point we'll get into that later
but just as a casual movie goer you will
still like this film because Peter
Berg's characters are always so deeply
drawn relatable and unique and in this
kind of movie as soon as you care about
a character the movie does nothing to
care for that character which makes you
care about every fight scene because
it's such a high stakes scenario going
on also the characters are great Mark
Wahlberg is the only person that can
make this character charming does a
fantastic job I also think this is Ronda
Rousey's best film yet and also Laura
Cohen from The Walking Dead does a
wonderful job in this movie playing a
multi level of character and commanding
every scene she's in as a critic I'm
gonna give this movie a 5 out of 5 this
actually scored better for me as far as
a film it's technique and what it was
trying to accomplish Peter Berg shoots
this movie through the mind of its lead
character who is a very high-functioning
individual and cannot slow down his
thoughts it's kind of sporadic so he
uses a rubberband and pain to snap
himself into focus and that is the way
this movie is shot the shots the
characters the storytelling follow a
similar pattern as we go through the
surgical military world of a
paramilitary mission that it shows every
president does and it's a part of no
longer world wars and mass casualties
but rather surgically taking down
potential world war starters and yes it
will still be mistakes and casualties
but not millions this movie also brings
you to the reality of these situations
the movie doesn't finish with a nice
birthday present with a bow tie on top
when the mission ends there's no parades
there's no choices without consequences
there's no comfort from your friends and
family just the knowledge that you did
what you had to do to save the innocent
millions who constantly complain about
living in the freest and most prosperous
country ever on earth the joy is putting
the last mission puzzle piece in place
and moving on to the next assignment
this movie just shows the world as it
really is there is good and evil and
there is also cost it was actually quite
brilliant my faith in values is a three
out of five
one part of this movie that was
fascinating and also completely slammed
by the critics is the fact that Laura
Cohen's character has a daughter that
she's separated from this is mainly due
to her job and her sleazy husband it
also shows the deep desire for
motherhood to be there for her daughter
while also showing her deep desire to
protect her from these macro threats of
Terror the internal battle is
heartbreaking and wonderfully done
because there is a cost there's also a
great scene where Mark Wahlberg and
Laura Cohen's character talk about
seeking comfort Mark Wahlberg tells
Lauren's character you know if you're
seeking comfort you should put that
we've done we've probably done too much
I've done too much killing and then
after this they just kind of sit there
in hopelessness however and fortunately
in the Bible in Ecclesiastes 3 3 it says
quote there is a time to kill any time
to heal James 4:17 if anyone then knows
the good they ought to do and doesn't do
it it is sin for them Romans 6:23 the
wages of sin is death but the free gift
of God is eternal life in Jesus Christ
our Lord and first John 1:9 if we
confess our sins he is faithful and just
and will forgive us our sins and purify
us from all unrighteousness nothing you
did in your pass in certainly what you
had to do to save the lives of millions
will keep you from that salvation from
that peace all in all this movie may not
be for everyone there's a lot of
swearing a lot of cussing it's very fast
paced not a lot of romance but it is
masterfully done it's a very patriotic
awesome film and I highly suggest
everyone go see this movie in theatres
and stick it to all this anti patriotic
critics in awesome news like super
awesome news you can now download the
rebel media app and you can take me with
you and have access to the entire rebel
lineup
