a Michigan Democratic Party
representative has been forced to
apologize after referring to her Asian
opponent as a Ching Chung don't ever let
people tell you that black people can't
be racist the idea that racism requires
some sort of power structure is
ludicrous though if it were true how
much more power does a legislature need
over a regular person a Michigan
Legislature has apologized for
disparaging remarks that she said she
made against an asian-american opponent
for state Senate
the Detroit Metro Times reported that
state representative Betty cook Scott
used racial slurs including Jing Chang
and Chang Chang when referring to her
opponent state representative Stephanie
Chang during a recent Democratic primary
witnesses told the newspaper that during
the August 7th election for District 1
which includes a Detroit Scott also
called a campaign volunteer and
immigrant and later said these
immigrants from China are coming over
and taking our community from us so
black people can't be racist right I
mean isn't this ego perhaps.perhaps kook
Scott was sick of Chinese immigrants
eating into her share of the diversity
pie perhaps she thought she'd have less
credibility as a victimized minority as
newer fresher immigrants arrived in her
part of the country rightly there was
outcry in her local community and she
was forced to apologize let's be honest
about this do we really think that this
woman would have apologized if she
wasn't forced by her voters and her
party this is just like the Boris
Johnson situation over in the UK the
former foreign secretary who said that
women in burkas looked like letterboxes
and bank robbers he carefully chose
those words he knew what he was saying
and he refused to apologize because he
knows it's politically beneficial not to
apologize in that climate in the UK but
in the US and as a Democrat
representative Scott cook knows it's in
her best interest
politically to apologize but
I don't think she really wants to take
back what she says or that anything has
changed her mind behind the scenes she
still said it and according to the
Detroit Metro Times she said that one of
Chang's campaign volunteers was an
immigrant claiming you don't belong here
and telling them I want you out of my
country so do you think kook Scott has
changed her mind and wants Chang and her
campaign team to stay in this country
now if you want to see more from me and
the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
