hey guys good to see you on this Monday
morning on Declassified live help you
had a great weekend a lot to talk about
I want to get into Chicago I want to
start with Chicago a lot going on over
there with crime getting pretty frosty
in Chicago but look mm-hmm this is only
about one thing it's only about one
thing all right and what it's about what
it's about is far-left being unwilling
being unwilling to admit that there is a
problem in the black community with
black on black crime it's got nothing to
do with guns this is nothing to do with
guns at all nothing at all let's not lie
let's not be dishonest this has to do
with epidemic level crime rates in the
black community now Baltimore is
suffering the same fate and I like to
use Baltimore as an example more than I
like to use Chicago and there's a reason
Baltimore I've got an easel
irreconcilable reconcilable data point
right Baltimore has about the same
actual number of murders back let's see
how many murders Baltimore had last year
Baltimore had just around the same
amount of murders and now let's see what
they had in 2017 how many murders
Baltimore had in the calendar year 2017
all right so they had about 350 the last
count by the multiple Baltimore Sun was
343 on December 27 all right New York
City New York City had let's see what
New York City had New York City ended
with around 290 so Baltimore had about
5055 more actual murders than New York
City in 2017
however Baltimore's excuse me
Baltimore's population is one fifteenth
that of
York City think about that for a second
one fifteenth the population twenty
percent more murders there's a problem
there all right now Chicago
what did Chicago have in terms of
murders Chicago murders in 2017 well
they were really high Chicago was up in
year
Chicago's up into six hundreds mm-hmm
round 650 people killed in Chicago
Chicago's population is about half that
of New York City
so Chicago's saw triple triple a nearly
triple well let's say double double in
and a percentage the murders in New York
City while having half actually even
less than half New York City has about
oh nine Lynch cago in 2016 last count
was 2.7 million New York City 8.5
million mmm Chicago's 1/3 the population
in New York City a little less than
one-third of the population in New York
City double the murders
Baltimore Baltimore 15 times less
populated in New York City 115 the
population in New York City about 50
more murders yearly what's the
difference the difference is the NYPD
well in a Blasio even they were allowed
to do their job
Chicago and Baltimore PD are not they
are not Chicago and Baltimore PD you're
vilified for doing their job but then
they're vilified when they don't do
their job they get excoriated for going
out there and using deadly force but
then they don't use deadly force to stop
murderers they're told they don't care
about the black community they're
they're apathetic they want black
America to die they don't care about
anybody they they are just oh god they
only care about white America they only
care about white neighborhoods they
don't care about anybody else and
nothing could be further from
the truth nothing the whole thing is
really really dumb the whole thing is
really really really dumb I don't know
where to begin because I'm watching
these police officers vilified night and
day and it sucks now
hey everybody Wow Wow a lot of you guys
tuning in this morning thank you very
much now I'm gonna give you some stats
I'm giving them to you before but I want
to give me again in the the 2017 FBI
you see our data Uniform Crime reporting
data isn't out yet it's gonna be out
next month if it comes out around late
September early October but we've had
2016 the the year in question comes out
in fall of the following year so 2017
will be out this fall 2016 came out in
that last fall what we learned and it
really stayed consistent with years past
I've been using this data ferb many many
years now is that young black males 18
to 24 commit 11% of all murders in the
United States think about that they
commit 11% of all murders and while they
only represent 0.5% of the population
it's not John Cardillo number then not a
John Cardillo number
it's the FBI in the u.s. mm FBI in the
US Census Bureau all right
in other words young black men 18 to 24
well being murder at a rate 22 times
their representation in the population
22 times 90 percent of their victims are
other young black men black women are in
there some white men but murder is an
intra racial crime blacks murder blacks
whites murder whites Asians murder
Asians Hispanics murder Hispanics murder
has always been an intra racial crime
not an interracial crime problem is
blacks murder
disproportionately to whites now when
you expand that number out and you go 13
m to about 50 13 new about 50 blacks in
all age ranges or about 9 times more
likely to commit homicide then whites in
those same age ranges again the victim
the victims are typically going to be
intra-racial blacks on blacks whites on
whites but when you say there's a black
on black crime epidemic the left
immediately miss reads this data and
says oh well White's kill White's more
than they kill blacks right because
murders interracial whites are 77
percent of the population blacks 13% of
the population last census estimate
blacks commit more than half of all
actual murders not rates more than half
of all actual murders meaning meaning
they're 6 times 7 times more likely to
murder and again when you condense the
age down to 50 and below that raises to
about 9 times more likely to commit
murder
now math is not racist so you have to
ask why what's going on in the black
community because it certainly explains
when you look at that raw data it
certainly explains why cities like
Baltimore and Chicago are seeing these
astronomically high murder rates against
their population right now when you look
at where the murders are committed
the vast majority they're there some
community elsewhere but the vast
majority of the murders the vast
majority they're in the black areas and
so here's a comment ya Ezekiel shihan
that is dead who committed it must go to
jail but that comments irrelevant of
course but you have to find out who's
doing it and why or else it keeps
happening to say Oh somebody's dead just
throw the bad guy in jail no is that how
you stop future murders that does
nothing that's reactive we have to be
proactive we have to try to stop
people from being killed now DJ foster
says single motherhood is an underlying
problem it is you know I speak to
criminologists about this often
sociologists psychologists I speak to
people in the black community pastors
and guys running you guys who were
formerly in gangs who got out and who
are running sports programs and DJ
you're right all of them to a person
tell me one of the major causes is
single motherhood the lack of male
authority figures discipline figures
mentors for these young black men but
when you try to solve that problem when
you try to solve it the criminal element
seems to be able to find a way to run
over it now very very difficult to put a
sporting event together to putting a
sporting event together when you have
gangbangers coming in to ruin it now
what was this thing in Chicago this
weekend I let me find it there was a an
event in Chicago oh yeah a piece picnic
so Chicago decided that a piece picnic
black community the back-to-school peace
picnic held in Chicago what happened
group of young black men show up drunk
belligerent start trouble three people
are shot
one is beaten and so how do you have
these events which are good idea it's
good ideas when the gangbangers come in
when the gangbangers come in disrupt it
and start shooting people now make no
mistake the gangbangers are doing it
because if the black on black crime is
controlled the black gangbangers lose
control they're using those shootings
those murders as fear and intimidation
tactics against rival drug dealers
against the public who might consider
being witness
against the criminals mmm what's going
on my hair over here at that old room
looks a little weird on camera all right
so this is where you've got to let your
cops be cops
but minute you do it the minute you do
it
the Liberals lose their minds on the
police and the libertarians lose their
minds on the police you don't want the
police doing what they're allowed to do
it's infuriating it's frustrating to a
former cop you know you got an area full
of gangbangers full of gangbangers so
when the police move in to be
preventative to be proactive and they go
after a guy who's smoking weed on the
corner because they know this guy is a
really bad guy they know he's a
gangbanger they know he's shot people
they know he beats people they know he
runs extortion rackets they know he
threatens old ladies to not testify so
they go and they shake him down for the
weed it's just a pretext just a pretense
you want to be able to search the guy
you wanna be able to put him under
arrest you wanna be able to run his
warrants what happens the Liberals and
many libertarians many of you in the
audience start vilifying the police
leave the guy alone he was only smoking
weed you're jackbooted thugs you're
Nazis can't have it both ways you can't
say you want to stop the killing and
then take the tools away from the police
until you watch a YouTube video where
the five-second snippet completely out
of context and it says please harass
black man for smoking weed and everybody
says the libertarians are worst of the
Liberals in this one leave all alone
this is about racism because what you
don't know is it had nothing to do with
race or even the weed who cares only
smokes weed it has to do with the fact
that the weed gave them legal probable
cause to shake up a really bad guy known
to them but you don't care about that
people don't care about that they
care about that five-second snippet on
YouTube that's sensational and paints
the police in a bad light nobody cares
about the backstory anymore nobody cares
about context and that's a problem
that's a problem because the police are
given tools the police are given tools
and if you don't want the police to use
those tools they've given out here and
Rousseau says all drug and gun laws must
be abolished and it's a debate worth
having but today today they're not so we
can come up with these utopian
pie-in-the-sky rainbow and that's never
going to happen we could come up with
these pie-in-the-sky solutions and like
I said take this libertarian view but
then don't complain when the murder
rates are off the charts if you don't
want the police you cannot have it both
ways if you don't want the police to use
the laws afforded to them to prevent
crime for example I know that guy is a
really bad guy that guy shot people but
he's intimidated witnesses he's
terrified the old ladies look out the
window they're not gonna tell us they're
not gonna tell the cops
now he's smoking a joint he's got an
open container of booze now I've got my
probable cause to arrest him to bring
him in to question about other things
you don't want me to do it the
libertarians don't want me to do it the
liberals don't want me to do it but then
they complain when the murder rates are
off the charts and say the police don't
care about communities of color they
don't want to get the cops the tools
didn't wanna let the cops use the tools
and then forget about it if the police
use force never mind the fact they're
allowed to use force never mind the fact
that they're allowed to use force
there was a video from Chicago recently
about a month ago guys wearing a gun
police approached him asked him what's
going on
he breaks away from them run spins goes
to draw his gun they shoot and kill him
there are morons out there on the right
saying to me how do they know he wasn't
illegal comes your weapons holder
doesn't matter the police are allowed to
ask you what's going on and if you're
illegal concealed weapons holder you
tell them hey I've got my concealed
weapons license cop said you wanted to
take a look nope here you go have a
great one you got to let the police do
that in an area where murders are off
the charts now it would be considered
everything is situational to me that is
not a heavy-handed oppressive policing
on a Chicago street in a very bad
neighborhood where a young black men are
being killed if you buy other black men
profiling works its constitutional and
it's sound and effective now that same
action by the police would be
heavy-handed in a rural area where
everyone is known to carry guns and
crime is very low crime is very low
that's the problem you don't want these
murders well then you've got to not be
afraid to talk about black-on-black
crime and you've got to be willing to
let the police do their job to let them
be proactive JW says showing your
concealed weapons permit usually sets a
cop's mind at ease because they know
you're not a convicted felon because you
have it it's very very true very true
when if you're stopped and you're
carrying a firearm you of your license
if I do it even be to form a cop
I give them my concealed weapons license
my police ID my license even before they
get to my police ID which I leave on the
bottom they get to the concealed weapons
license and I always tell them hey
officer hey trooper just want to let you
know I got a firearm in my belt how do
you want to handle it I say that
obviously I'm a former cop some say hey
no problem and keep it on you you know
let me eat you know make sure your hands
are visible others say no worries some
say if you don't mind let me just hold
on to the gun for the car stop makes me
feel
comfortable sure here you go had that
happened with one trooper female trooper
said you mind if I just put the gun in
the trunk she did my back there I did
net she ran my stuff came back handed me
my guns and thanks very much have a
great one never got a ticket in any of
them
it immediately brings the cops concerned
that you just told the cop hey I got a
gun how do you want to handle it legal
gun obviously the cop knows you're not
gonna ambush her now and try to shoot
them you've identified yourself you've
identified the firearm yes you've
identified yourself as a law-abiding
person and no you're not giving up civil
liberties you're not letting the police
you're not letting the police intrude on
you stive rose in police problem this
from a career cog about half of all cops
are bad dudes power loving that's not
true that's not I don't believe any cop
would say that that is not true
so one of the most ridiculous comments
I've ever heard prove you were on the
job if you make a comment like that
that's ridiculous huh well I seen a lot
of people saying you're changing a
Fender on your own car and couples out
of autonomy I don't think I know what he
would have done but I was carrying and
told him like I don't believe I'm sorry
I don't believe a cop pulled out a baton
on you simply because you were doing
auto work again context it's got to be a
lot more to that story gotta be a lot
more to that story when I see these
videos of the morons who have a car stop
and they hold up the sign and they won't
roll down their window I don't have to
speak to you I don't recognize your
authority I'm able to no you're not
you a driver's license is a privilege
driving is a privilege and when you're
driving in your issued a driver's
license
the Constitution doesn't give you a
right to a driver's license and the
police pull you over roll your window
down don't act like an idiot I love
these videos well hold on that please
broke the window and their jackbooted
thugs they don't know who you are they
don't know if the vehicles stolen
you're acting suspiciously but again
you want there we go top
I'm travelling not driving but you're
not see it sounds really cool to say it
and you think it sounds all libertarian
and sovereign citizen but it's legally
incorrect legally incorrect mmm you're
free to travel walking walking the
minute you get any vehicle that's
registered that requires a driver's
license that you obtained and you signed
away some rights you gave up the ability
to keep your window closed if you're
walking you don't speak to the police
correct Callum MacDonald donated five
pounds the state defends rights but does
not grant them for they are innate and
self-evident yes we in the US have
negative rights meaning the government
gives us nothing the Constitution exists
to tell government what it cannot do
driving a vehicle is not among those not
among those we've never addressed in the
Constitution you can walk freely without
being accosted by law enforcement and
ask for an ID but the minute you get in
a vehicle the minute you get in a
vehicle
the minute you obtain a driver's license
and you agree with the terms of the
state you give up certain rights and you
surrender those rights back sorry you
surrender those back you know I don't
know you know you can't have it again
both ways trinocular says Chicago Police
Department has a checkered past no
Chicago cops are great but there was Jon
Burge well yeah but you know
look so what so what and he was caught
and he was convicted alright
the Chicago PD is about 15,000 strong
NYPD about 35,000 LAPD about 10,000
you're always going to have a few bad
apples and a large bunch in anything you
do there's no zero tolerance at NASA
lost to space shuttles there is no Z
talans ever none zip zilch nada none so
it's a you can't say well I don't people
shouldn't listen the Chicago police
because a guy one cop years ago did
something bad it's a ludicrous or people
shouldn't listen to the NYPD because in
1993 the Milan Commission went down and
there was police corruption it's 25
years goes by it's no longer an excuse
it's ludicrous Canadian Crusader said
what do I think of bait trucks recently
cops in Chicago used to bait truck catch
thieves community called bin and tram
and the cops apologized didn't press
charges I think the cops were morons to
do that to apologize bait cars bait
trucks are constitutional and legal
people shouldn't be stealing done
entrapment not entrapment entrapment is
the police bringing you into a room and
creating the crime putting a car on the
street with cameras in it that looks
like every other car or blends in
that's not entrapment the bad guys had
their pick of any car the ones dumb
enough to pick the police vehicle got
caught hmm Ben Oh Mia says Rudy Guiliani
fix New York by going after small crimes
yeah I worked through that I worked
there in those days on the street it was
a little more complex than that but you
got the gist of it he solved the little
crimes you stopped a little crimes to
stop the big ones who was that what was
that comment I liked just now uh where
was it I it was a good one here it's
somebody Oh Oh evil bastard say how to
avoid a bait vehicle don't steal it's
that simple exactly you want to avoid
the bay truck don't try to steal a truck
it was good it was good mmm yeah
all right trinocular Sborz tortured over
200 suspects from seventy to ninety one
he was the worst of the worst was 20
Zippity dude you're going back 46 to 27
years ago all right
ancient history it doesn't mean the
cops should be disrespected now because
of what a guy did four decades ago but
you see I love these responses because
people are still running on the premise
that the police are the enemy mmm
the cops shouldn't do anything if you
listen to the libertarian side of the
right the police shouldn't exist
shouldn't exist they want gangbangers to
kill freely they want to live in this
and that might therein lies my problem
with pure libertarian libertarianism
yeah therein lies my problem they don't
want to ever take action and it doesn't
work because as much as they want to
live in this utopia where gangbangers
just cool dudes who want to smoke weed
they're not they beat up old people for
the Social Security checks they extort
hard-working business owners they kill
children to make a point to the parents
you need to stop them you need to stop
them mm-hmm so Kapaa so says yeah yeah
copper I've heard enough cops are
legalized mobsters and unless the police
are the enemy that's just a dumb comment
a dumb you've made some dumb ones but
that's really a dumb one it this is this
mentality this anti police mentality is
stupid mr. low-key how are you my friend
hope you feeling better oh damn you're
sick well feel better man chicken wing
likes my t-shirt nice yeah ironic isn't
it mmm and somebody said if a
plainclothes white off as it gets robbed
in a black neighborhood is heading
trapped me it's a good point like the
bait truck right you picked the wrong
guy to rob but look the point is you
can't have it both ways
then we see this story mm at a
California of this poor illegal
immigrant ripped from his pregnant wife
who he was driving to the hospital by
evil ice agents and the left goes nuts
and representative
kennedy says this is cruel
this is beyond cruel I'm paraphrasing
everybody goes crazy about this only the
left-wing media never bothered to read
or get the full story the guy wasn't
ripped from his wife because she was
illegal and she was pregnant no he was
wanted on a homicide warrant in Mexico
and his wife wasn't being rushed to the
hospital in labor no no no no it was a
planned c-section he was it was an
alleged murderer an alleged murderer and
the left defended him
they went to bat for him it's ridiculous
it's ridiculous insane but again it ties
in ties in to this war on police that
started under the Obama administration
it's a war on police it's a 14 kalium
says it don't matter if the bad cop was
10 to 40 years ago because only are the
only ones they got reported well that's
just a silly statement we don't vilify
all people because of the actions of a
few all groups all organizations all
races all religions mm-hmm David Lomax
says it's funny how they miss a lot of
the story yeah nobody likes context
nobody likes context they just want to
vilify the cops
um man cannot clear these allergies
problem is if I take a claritin or
anything allergy related it dries you
out and then you have no voice to do the
show damned if I do damned if I don't
just like when I was a cop hangman John
Ruth says Obama waged war on cops I
blamed his statement for what we see
here today oh hell yeah
Oh Obama created a lot of this created a
lot of this the war on police I watched
these videos of the police afraid to
take down suspects afraid to put their
hands on people I don't blame them look
at how some of the people viewing today
alleged conservatives are attacking the
police for doing their job you know when
back when I was on a job um Kelly
McDonald made another donation
Thank You Callen you're right on cops in
the US but in Britain the inner city
police are under the control of the
left-wing authoritarians absolutely you
have a much different system my comments
here are limited to u.s. police so great
point but when I was on the job
we saw more automated now but we have
what's called the online booking cheat
and you would it's all the basic
pedigree information about the suspect
information about the crime blah blah
blah and there was and it's still the
same that a it's just more digitized the
one of the little boxes you check was
for me for the cop used for us yes or no
yes always which force did you use in
every single time I checked yes because
I considered force if I put handcuffs on
you and I had a bring your arms back to
do it
that's force so just to cover my own ass
I would say yes
and if I use my baton I said baton and I
noticed that some cops were afraid oh
why are you doing that don't why not I'm
allowed to do it they trained me to do
it they issued me the baton the law says
I can do it why won't I say I did it and
as a result I never got in trouble I
never had a complaint I never had my
statement contradict witness statements
use force no oh yes he did he used his
baton cuffs started the Bing bit of you
admitted to use force using force you
get yourself in trouble when the
contrary was true you're allowed to use
force you're taught in the police
academy escalate force one level
somebody swings a punch at you break out
your pepper spray or your baton put them
on the ground they grab a best bowl a
baseball bat draw your weapon that's
deadly force pretty simple
the police are allowed to use force
now the left hates that because the left
truly loves criminals they do they love
them they truly truly love them they
romanticize them and while they go back
to their dated communities or their
doorman buildings in New York DC Los
Angeles in Toronto see the Liberals are
typically wealthy they went to very good
schools they come from affluent or upper
middle-class families and when they do
they they they lose sight of the way a
lot of people live there were no left
true leftist thought leaders living
where I worked in the Bronx as a cop
Oh God no God no not one not one there
were true leftist thought leaders there
they'd have a whole different outlook on
life a whole different outlook on life
all right
they would never think see the leftist
who work for The Washington Post and The
New York Times they think that the
ghetto is this wonderful cool place
where guys hang in barber shops and sit
on Stoops and they're really just great
guys who I want to go to college and
they don't commit crimes
it's these racist white police officers
and not just racist white police
officers racist black police officers
racist Hispanic police officers because
the cops are inherently racist the cops
are inherently racist I've seen my
partners on the job who were black or
Hispanic take far more abuse far more
abuse than any white cop ever did by
people in the neighborhood they were
called traitors and Uncle Tom's and it
was terrible
spit on they took for more abuse but the
ghetto is not a wonderful place it's not
its utopia it's not a group of good
people you know there's a lot of
criminals there are a lot of really bad
people
in these neighborhoods and 96% of the
neighborhood are good people
94 to 96 but that 4 to 6 percent that
are bad are so bad they terrorize the
masses and that's who the police go in
to protect and then the liberal
politicians come in they vilify the
police they protect the 4 to 6% criminal
element while ignoring the 94th 96
percent of the good people who are just
the working poor and so the good people
lose faith they lose faith their
politicians aren't protecting them the
politicians are hog-tying the police the
police aren't protecting them now the
bad guys are free to prey on them so why
would these people help the police
they've got no backup they've got no
protection the liberal politicians chose
to side with the gangbangers
that's why crime is off the charts in
cities like Chicago and Baltimore and
Philadelphia
that's why MKULTRA 1186 says cops in the
inner city Iran you're usually
incredibly kind from what I've witnessed
thank you people have no idea how
charitable inner city cops are how much
money they go into their own pocket take
out and help these families I can't tell
you how many times my partners and I
we're online buying lunch or at a
drugstore just doing some and there was
a family in 99.9 percent of time a
family of color they simply don't have
the money to get everything he needed
and they were gonna have to be forced to
put some things back food or just basic
stuff you might you know get it a
Walgreens
and every cop I know myself included
went into our pockets and said no no no
don't worry about it here you go we got
it it's really only a few dollars is a
$10 $7 15 though wasn't money real money
and let me tell you it makes a
difference and what cops know is if you
do that for that single mom she tells
the neighborhood you know that officers
and so it's a care of us we didn't have
money for groceries they're good people
they're good they don't listen what you
hear and then the word spreads I heard
what you did I heard what you did and
that's how inner city cops were very
sharp build relationships and that
happens every day more than you know but
then everybody out there sees a
five-second snippet of a YouTube video
out of context of the police using legal
force and all of a sudden those same
cops that were buying groceries for
little kids of color yesterday become
KKK Nazi SS stormtrooper white
supremacists tomorrow because of an
out-of-context five-second snippet of
video because you don't care about the
context people don't care about the
context it should but they don't tech
band double-oh-seven channel says
they're all out Internet hoax was out
there I spot them all the time it's all
about the money
well hoax is different than editing
video hoaxes are
than editing video mm-hmm let's see
let's see what else going on uh-oh let's
see yeah you guys so many comments I'd
like to get to your comments for like
the last 20 minutes of the show Banana
Republic USA siz exactly that's why you
don't shoot an unarmed man and this
happens all too often oh hell no you're
wrong I have no problem with shooting
unarmed suspects because we just lost a
young cop in Massachusetts
michael says 'no michael says 'no of the
Weymouth Massachusetts police the police
department was a veteran of Afghanistan
he got out of his patrol car approached
an unarmed suspect suspect who then hit
him in the head with a rock took his gun
killed him and killed an elderly woman
nearby unarmed suspects are dangerous
and if non-lethal devices don't bring
them down and you feel your life is in
danger you are damn well within your
legal rights to shoot them
Bano Mia asks a really good question
how much influence does a mayor have
over police action great question glad
you asked that it's good definition it
depends in a city like New York Chicago
Baltimore Los Angeles the mayor has a
tremendous amount of power over police
action they appoint the police
commissioner in New York City the mayor
and the police commissioner are joined
at the hip Rudy Giuliani was as much a
police commissioner as it was a mayor so
in a city in a big city where the
Commissioner is appointed by the mayor
or the city manager maybe it's called
the commissioner it might be called a
chief of police in Chicago it's the
superintendent of police the top cop
when they're appointed by that mayor of
that city manager that mayor a city
manager has tremendous authority and say
over what they do in a county where it's
an elected sheriff that County mayor
that county manager has really no say
over what the police do that Sheriff is
typically a constitutionally elected
official who's
lateral to that mayor that city manager
so it's a really good question very
important people to understand that
distinction thanks for that one the left
Cates common sense Czech nationalist
said well that's true mmm evil bastard
says without cops the country would last
about five seconds if that long if that
long pub Mahone says in the US has to
reset their youth but showing and
teaching them a family unit no religion
children learn and form values while
they're young it's the negative living
doing all this I think you're right I
think it's a great comment I think it's
a great comment mmm vixie bare-ass a
dumb question
mixie bear apparently can't speak well
did you ever steal a bag of myths before
retiring as a cop no no observer dude
donated ten pounds thanks man let's see
Gay Pride Parade is this Saturday and
Britain the abuse that Christian
preachers get from people who go to the
parades is sickening it seems like an
anti Christian movement I always said
that the st. Patrick's Day parade was
vilified was attacked by gay rights
groups for years now the libertarian in
me couldn't care less gay straight
whatever god bless you but why attack
Catholics or Christians they keep
harassing things this Baker in Colorado
I mean I don't know why they want to I'm
this guy to bake them a cake so badly
this poor guy can't get away with it Ben
Maness is on my buddy Ben I mentioned
Philly
don't forget Philly 200 murders so far
this year and guys if you don't check
out Ben manases Twitter feed I've had
him on my other show here when I had it
do so Ben is a security expert really
great content and check out his articles
he's usually spot-on all this stuff good
buddy of mine he's up there on the
stream putting in some comments I'm read
Ben's work read his articles he's in
Philly now he's gotten a lot of insight
on what's happening in Philly
then put some comments on here 200
murders so far this year in Philly what
else should we know about the great city
of Philadelphia and his liberal
administration there are some comments
up here and I'll read them off man all
right let's see what else we got here
Wow German police officers are
discredited by lefties and green idiots
well those people try to discredit cops
everywhere
I thought old police are gonna start
using rubber bullets god help us no one
ever said that mmm evil bastard says
second visit that the bakery was about
trying to punish the guy for wrong thing
Yeah right
they want this poor guy to bake these
cake I said to somebody the other day
this Baker in Colorado should bake these
cakes and put like jalapeno peppers
onions garlic in the cake make the cake
suck so badly that nobody ever wants to
buy a cake there again from one of these
gay groups that are harassing look again
marry who you want marry who you want
god bless you be with who you want but
don't harass a private business owner
for disagreeing you know it's just
ridiculous later sir Stevie of
government could've or want it could or
wanted to make the lives of Americans
better they could have done it a long
time ago government doesn't make your
life better you make your life better
you make your life better government is
nothing at all to do with it
never has never will never never never
mmm people who think government makes
your life better our people who are too
willing to surrender rights to
government don't do it don't do it bad
news very very bad news mm-hmm let's see
what else mm-hmm um Serrano is a higher
murder rate than New York City well
let's see let's see if that's true let's
take a look
look Ian Hall says hey John keep up the
good work with your kids at revels the
RDV Acharya command obtained that in
four and - to be as Ian thanks for the
donation yeah man I want to cut the
ribbon on sentence
editorially here we have one standard
the truth just keep telling it that's it
you know it does get that simple
all right so Toronto is a population of
2.8 million almost identical to Chicago
so let's see what their murder rate was
no so Toronto's murder rate is about the
same as New York so Toronto has about
one-third the population in New York
City
and has had only 61 murders so actually
Toronto's murder rate is far lower than
New York City's just gotta be got to be
honest
got to be intellectually honest Callum
says we in the UK - you could use a
little bit of Liberty over here can we
be state 51 we have oil listen I love my
friends from the UK make your deal I'm
all in for you being the 51st state as
long as you leave Sadiq on all the
Liberals over there and we'd love to
have you so to go back to that comment
about Toronto having a higher murder
rate the New York City nope factually
incorrect
Toronto's murder rate is lower than New
York cities with a population and
Toronto has that same population of
Chicago 1/10 the amount of murders
Chicago's murder rate is 10 times that
of Toronto's so interesting interesting
interesting stats Canadian city says
we've got a really bad summer for
violence in Toronto this year yeah I
know that I think that violent like
trying to haven't looked at those
numbers I'm solely talking about murders
murders not talking about all violent
crime
I've been following seeing that
Toronto's has been worse than it has
been in years past but I'm talking about
murder
cadet Garcia says once you guys are done
with drunk we borrow him here in Germany
we'd also take a copy of your
Constitution if possible hey it'll be
our pleasure
Nicko Misha says what is the most
dangerous city in the u.s. it's hard to
quantify you don't qualify that I would
say Chicago Baltimore st. Louis or up
there among the worst let's see people
who trust the government with everything
of putting their head in the Gators
mouth and praying it doesn't bite down
exactly exactly
in Hall another donation thanks Ian
gotta make a compromise Ireland 50 first
date Scotland 50 second and the rest of
53rd London has to stay how tough you're
getting there mmm I think you're getting
there hypothetically could a well-funded
American militia defeat the Queen's
Guard and capture Buckingham Palace I
think we did that already
I think that's that experiments already
been proven it's kind of the whole
reason we're here Czech national is
saying do I know the Rust Belt what is
it
alright so the term the Rust Belt you
hear in political campaigns I guess
that's what you're talking about is that
stretch from like Pennsylvania Ohio
Kentucky Michigan it's where all the
steel factories were the auto factories
they call it the Rust Belt because that
industry has all died off and all the
factories are now old and rusty it's
called the Rust Belt
it's that industrial sector Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Chicago Michigan of that
area of the United States
SwedishAmerican what is Florida's crime
rate too general a question you got to
be specific
Florida falls somewhere in the middle of
course in the bigger cities Miami mm-hmm
runs a little higher but nowhere near
Baltimore or Chicago nowhere near them
let's see what else we got here mmm yes
I think a lot a lot of criticism uh
Sadiq Khan Sadiq Khan is a mess a mess
Czech national is glad you're like in
the show glad you like it
Ian burrows says you never did that and
ever happen intellectual truth you
invaded Britain in come on man I'm
kidding we had a revolution we won
Britain
obviously we didn't send a militia to
defeat the Queen's Guard and invade
Buckingham Palace
I mean little sense of humor Trin oculus
says do I think Garry McCarthy would
make a good Chicago mayor no I do not
Garry McCarthy was an NYPD guy he was
Chicago Police Superintendent I think
Garry McCarthy is another big government
leftist no I do not do I think he might
be tough on crime I don't know because
when he was please superintendent he did
a manuals bidding and his reputation in
the NYPD was 50/50 very difficult guy to
get along with so but he might be the
best they have or Giuliani likes him he
might be the best they have right now
Inquisitor of Keck said just air drop
Giuliani in the Chicago ah
they'd never elect them mm-hmm you would
do wonders there but they never elect
them Zak I'm in year 11 at school in
Australia I got a Friday detention
because apparently I'm a sexist bigot in
relation to this third wave feminist
movement in wage gap Australia is great
well keep telling the truth and speaking
your mind man
that's all I can tell you but the the
right-wing media keeps on showing me all
their bullet points don't know what that
means
cat girl don't know what that means
Sadiq Khan needs to resign official
Tommy Robinson Channel yep
he won't why would he let's see mmm
come on Jon where's that optimistic
spirit you're known for hey listen I
think McCarthy would be better than what
you have now but I was under impressed
with his showing as police
superintendent in Chicago and you know
his reputation NYPD was he so I'm only
going on what I know man only going on
what I know mmm look the left-wing
media's yeah allotted a lot of talk
about the left-wing media it is what it
is let's see here's a good question
who's worse in your opinion man evil
bastard I got to give you credit dude
you're coming in today with some good
quest
in the comments here's a good question
who's worse in your opinion Justin
Trudeau or Sadiq Khan hmm Wow I gotta
put them right on par you got to put
them on par because they both have a lot
of influence over a lot of people and
they both have their heads buried really
really deeply in the sand both very weak
both enable bad guys oh let's see some
of these are good all right let's say
let's see let's see what else oh who
said that it's rated dude I'm a dude
with a Swiss Army knife
could do it do you mean taking out the
queensguard I don't know I don't know
queensguard is pretty proficient he's a
pretty well trained soldiers British
soldiers are no joke all right Sean
Wingfield says when a cop ever stopping
arrested another cop say in the middle
of responding to a call no wouldn't be
their job I mean if they watched an
off-duty cop and they were gone
right they're going to a call for a I
don't know uh broken window and they see
a guy shoot a woman in cold blood on the
street and he turns out to be an
off-duty cop in a domestic argument with
his girlfriend shoots her and kills her
then yeah of course they're gonna arrest
them but what a cop in uniform arrest it
just doesn't now that's what internal
affairs does I mean I guess the answer
to that question is it's situational it
depends on what the cop would have done
Omar Garcia says what is the worst cop
incident I've ever heard of how do you
mean that mm-hmm
Czech nationalists thanks man thanks for
watching and a compliment see you
tomorrow
I don't know how you mean the question
what would be the worst police incident
I've ever seen do you mean responding to
one do you mean crime do you mean police
misconduct
I don't know how you mean it let's see
everybody wants destruction of the deep
state yeah me too yeah me too hard
though it's really entrenched really
really entrenched I know Sweden is going
through a lot I'd I know it's gonna be a
future show it's just like I cover the
American stuff but don't worry we're
gonna get to Sweden hangman John Ruth
says how hard do I think the left will
push before the November midterms to be
more violent yeah I think they will be I
think they're gonna amp it up a little
bit well Trump remain bumper der and REM
says will trump remain great in a second
term will he take the second term shift
and go left yeah I think you'll stay
consistent I do I think he's a pretty
consistent guy one more Garcia's as I've
heard of the Waco incident of course I
have those are federal agents that was
Clinton's DOJ again it was 28 years ago
or so so I mean I'm not gonna condemn
police today for that incident three
decades ago just nearly nearly three
decades ago Donald joy says whites are
statistically more likely to be killed
by police it's true it's true despite
whites being six times the population of
blacks they interact with police at the
same rate in the same numbers in other
words of a hundred interactions with
police now forty with whites forty with
blacks 20% with other races whites are
more likely to be shot and/or shot and
killed by police what the media wants to
lie to you and tell you it's something
else
mmm-hmm they do it's pretty tragic
actually when the media does that John
Zeeland asks what do I think Trump will
do about internet censorship I think
it's more a function of Congress than it
is the president and quite honestly the
ones who really have the power to do
something about this or the state
Attorneys General here in the US they
can sue the internet companies on behalf
of end users and advertisers they can
initiate civil consumer action lawsuits
on behalf of
the advertisers whose businesses reside
in their states
that's really I'm gonna do a whole show
on that later in the week that's the
real teeth against left-wing censorship
on the Internet
yeah state attorneys general believe me
on this like I said I'll do a whole show
but a quick explanation is if I decided
to advertise on Twitter if I decided to
put up paid you know uh sponsored tweets
I'm in Florida if they were censoring me
because I'm a conservative my State
Attorney General Pam Bondi could sue on
my behalf it would be a consumer
protection action and that's really I
think how we're all Tamia gonna win this
censorship battle against Twitter and
Facebook and the others and the state
attorneys general are being pressured
right now observer do donate a five
pounds I've heard left to say that the
Islamic terrorist acts in Britain and
Europe or false Flags formed by Israelis
I'm not joking they always say that is
just moronic moronic they'd rather make
anybody but radical Muslim terrorists
guilty it's disgraceful it's stupid leo
sook the profile says we are sinking
like the Titanic in Sweden yeah I
understand that it's bad evil bastard
says Trump says it looking at the
censorship issue and I have to admit it
has me a little worried as much as I'm
against censorship I'm against
government control of these companies as
am i as am i that's why I think the
solution are lawsuits um by state
attorneys general all right guys been an
awesome awesome show love it great
comments today awesome I'll be back with
you tomorrow morning 7:30 a.m. Eastern
right here on the rebels YouTube channel
thanks a million for listening thanks so
much for all the comments and questions
today awesome awesome awesome stuff
really love it alright guys have a great
morning see you later
