you know I would like you to take a
minute if you would be so kind to give
our viewers a bit of a briefing on a
mean L mu ad and his relationship to
both equal eat the MP from Mississauga
and Justin Trudeau because they
certainly won't have heard the news from
the CBC or the Toronto Star so can you
give our viewers the briefing
well what's kind of interesting is
actually last night I did see there was
a story by CBC saying that it Creek
Khalid was what was apologizing and
rescinding an award that she gave to
this fellow I'm in El Malad just last
week after pressure rose from Bonet
breath Canada and they posted an online
sort of an online petition to get her to
rescind the ordinance she said okay I'm
doing it I was unaware of his negative
views which are seen as sort of very
anti-semitic and aggressive didn't know
about that
so anyway I'm gonna be it'll be a good
MP here and rescind this award end of
story and I was reading this and I just
thought this is is this an old story
what is this from I'm very confused
because I had written a story Ezra
earlier this year back in April about
Eric Collins association with Amin al
moolaade who is sort of the pr head of
communications for an organization
called Palestine house where she had
given him awards previously earlier this
year in around April of this year and
last year in September of 2017 now
what's very interesting about all of
that
ezra is the September 2017 award giving
came one month after police opened an
investigation in in peel region the peel
Regional Police into a rally that he
participated in what was actually a
leader in he was holding the bullhorn
for the chants and so forth where maybe
it seemed like just a
palestinian-israeli pure politics rally
but then they started doing bizarre
chants including to call to bring back
the Battle of khyber which was a battle
that Muhammad was present at many of
course hundreds of years ago where Jews
were killed and whole Jewish community
was taken over and this was what brought
the police to investigate it and after
him doing this a month later
ikura Khalid gives him this award and
I'm
called that advocacy groups had already
gotten in touch with her to say by the
way we see you're piling around with
this guy we'd like to draw these views
to your attention so I was very
perplexed by that CBC story where just
yesterday a cleat said oh I just gave an
award a few days ago didn't know about
these views sorry about that folks when
it seems like that is just not correct
Ezra that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the yeas relevant show no one
leaves behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
