for the past three years rebel media has
covered the plight of British Columbia
School Trinity Western University to
create a law school with a code of
conduct that prohibits sex outside of
traditional heterosexual marriage the
Supreme Court ruled that because of this
policy provincial law societies would
not have to accredit the school's
graduates and now the university has
thrown its code of conduct out the
window let's take a look it was a long
and costly battle but as I reported last
month Canada's Supreme Court ruled seven
to two that law societies would be able
to deny licenses to students attending a
school that made them live a traditional
sex life or no sex outside of
heterosexual marriage the court said
limiting access to membership in the
legal profession on the basis of
personal characteristics unrelated to
merit is inherently inimical to the
integrity of the legal profession
this was after courts in Nova Scotia and
British Columbia sided with the school
arguing that if law societies denied
students licences to practice law based
on the school's policy it would violate
those students religious freedom so this
month the school said in furtherance of
our desire to maintain TWU as a thriving
community of Christian believers that is
inclusive of all students wishing to
learn from a Christian viewpoint and
underlined philosophy the Community
Covenant will no longer be mandatory as
of the 2018 to 2019 academic year with
respect to admission of students - for
continuation of students at the
University well there's that word
inclusive one up sides institutions
falling to social justice is just how
laughably easy it is to tell when it
happens it's like dog breeds I can't
identify any dog breeds except for
Dalmatians because they're the white
ones with the black spots
similarly colleges that have succumbed
to social justice use the same readily
identifiable three words diversity
inclusion equality diee die which is
what should happen to that entire school
of thought but really let's take a look
at that part of the sentence again
they're scrapping the Community Covenant
to create an environment
is inclusive of all students wishing to
learn from a Christian viewpoint of
course part of the traditional Christian
viewpoint is abstinence until marriage
some things just aren't ala carte and by
the way other schools in the US like
Notre Dom have a similar code and
Canadian law societies don't withhold
licenses from those graduates this
reminds me of perhaps the most egregious
instance of social justice dichotomy
which also uses the word inclusive and
I'm talking about the phrase inclusive
excellence excellence by definition is
not inclusive and yet some schools are
sacrificing the most intellectually
qualified candidates for ones that have
a certain melanin level genitalia and
who knows what else
remember Harvard might be paying the
piper for alleged Asian American
discrimination in October we sure do
live in interesting times folks when
discrimination is progressive for campus
unmasked I'm Rob strim shocked if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
