one of the promises of the new Ford PC
government was that Ontario's
controversial sex ed curriculum would be
revised cue the predictable outrage from
the usual suspects
the 40 government as it pledged almost
daily on the campaign trail will begin
consultations this fall regarding a
revised sex ed curriculum for many
parents this came as welcome news given
that there was virtually no consultation
with parents when the wind' liberals
pushed ahead full speed with their sex
ed curriculum something that's been
labeled as a tad too radical in certain
circles indeed many of complain for
years that some of the materials in the
new sex ed curriculum ranging from
masturbation to anal sex just aren't
age-appropriate perhaps one of the most
contentious issues under the current sex
ed curriculum which has been in place
since 2015 is that gender is presented
as a changeable social construct this
part of the curriculum is actually
taught in grade 3 when children are just
8 years old as well the campaign life
coalition notes the current liberal sex
ed curriculum teaches the disputed
theory of gender identity as if it were
indeed fact this is the notion that
whether you're a boy or a girl does not
necessarily relate to your physical
Anatomy it is merely a so-called social
construct and that gender is fluid
meaning that a young boy can decide that
he's actually a girl if that's the way
he feels in his mind or vice-versa of no
gender identity confusion is still
recognized by the American Psychiatric
Association as a gender dysphoria
disorder but hey what do they know I
guess yet even though no specific
changes have been released by the Ford
pcs some who favor the current sex ed
brought in by the wind liberals are in a
tizzy this would include the Elementary
Teachers Federation of Ontario which
never misses an opportunity to
congregate on the lawns of Queens Park
to whine about something typically wages
and benefits and retirement packages by
the way of the Elementary Teachers
Federation of Ontario and gender-bending
ring a bell it might be due to the
Union being a subject on the Tucker
Carlson show on Fox News last December
that's when it was revealed that the et
fo had expanded LGBT to read wait for it
now LG G B D TTT iqq a a P P this lovin
spoonful of alpha get iya stands for
lesbian gay genderqueer bisexual
demisexual transgender transsexual
two-spirit intersex queer questioning
asexual allies pen sexual and
polyamorous pay attention kids I'm sure
there'll be a test to follow and so it
is that months later promoting a fifteen
letter identifier for what was simply
once known as the LGBT community is
still a hot-button issue with the
Elementary Teachers Union say guys
whatever happened to teaching the 3 R's
oh and get this at the Queens Park
protests Ichi fo president Sam Hammond
said the Union will vigorously defend
any teacher who sticks to the current
curriculum in other words he's
advocating that teachers break the law
when it comes to the sex ed curriculum
isn't that an endearing lesson for the
kids wonder if they're gonna make an ABC
after-school special about this utter
disdain for the democratic process and
you know I'm also quite curious why this
gender business is such a hot button for
the teachers in the first place why are
these teachers and since bio I don't
know the way maths courts in Ontario
continue to plummet and a report
released in April it was revealed that
students in every province except
Ontario improved their performance in
math between 2010 and 2016 gee I guess
it's no biggy if little Johnny and
little Jamie can't master basic
multiplication but as long as they feel
comfortable embracing their current
identity as an asexual non-binary spirit
unicorn then hey carry on kids and check
this out the Toronto Star reports at at
least six and Theriault families
are launching a Human Rights case
against the government they believe the
Ford PCs are going to re-implement an
outdated sex ed curriculum this will
harm their children and will result in a
negative impact on the LGBTQ etc.etc and
said for a youth so it is they shall be
collectively hopping over to that
kangaroo court known as the Ontario
Human Rights Tribunal to argue that
their rights have been stomped on
because of upcoming changes to the
curriculum
even though as mentioned previously
these changes have yet to be announced
but really what are they hoping to
accomplish other than some sort of moral
victory given that the interior Human
Rights Tribunal will be powerless to
force the provincial government to
reverse course on policy or maybe this
is simply a cash grab on the behalf of
the litigating parents after all this
non elected unaccountable tribunal loves
cutting taxpayer funded checks to those
who experience hurt feelings but at the
end of the day shouldn't these people at
least wait and see what the new sex ed
curriculum will look like once it's
revamped because as far as I can tell
protesting something that doesn't
actually exist it's kind of like
complaining about a movie that is yet to
be released
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel has
a new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
