the Queen of Soul has left her earthly
throne liberals are performing their
mental gymnastics skills and our likely
new governor here in California is going
to run the state into the ground more on
those stories coming up today on the
rebel buzz one of America's Motown icons
and the Queen of Soul has passed away
Aretha Franklin transcended race gender
and background when she sang her wildly
popular hit natural woman it wasn't just
an anthem for the ladies in the crowds
of her performances you could see men
belting out that song strong burly manly
men singing you make me feel you make me
feel like a natural woman she did that
to people she had that effect on people
the passion and presence she projected
onstage transferred to her audience of
all different backgrounds she recorded
her first album at 14 years old and yet
somehow unlike nearly every other child
celebrity managed to remain normal how
many other child musicians actors and
entertainers managed to become
well-adjusted humans not many anyone who
knows her will testify to the fact that
she considered her greatest
accomplishments in life to be her role
as a mother and a grandmother with
humble beginnings she burst onto the
scene from her father's Church in
Detroit Michigan she would go on to
record almost a hundred hits that landed
on Billboard's R&B charts 20 of them
were number-one hits the National
Endowment for the Arts released a hit a
list of songs for the century the 20th
century and Aretha Franklin's hit
respect was number four that song was
originally written and released by
another one of my Motown favorites Otis
Redding in 1965 but it wasn't until
Franklin's release of the track in 1967
that it became such a huge hit the song
was originally intended to be sung as a
man pleading for respect from his woman
when he brought home the paycheck but as
we all know Aretha Franklin turned it
into an empowering anthem as a strong
confident woman do proper respect she
won two Grammys for that song alone her
total Grammy cow
18 wins and 44 nominations miss Franklin
passed away yesterday morning at 9:50
a.m. at her home surrounded by her
family her family released this
statement
Franklin's official cause of death was
due to advanced pancreatic cancer of the
neuro and doctrine type which was
confirmed by Franklin's oncologist dr.
Phillip Phillip of Carr monos Cancer
Institute in Detroit
and one of the darkest moments of our
lives we are not able to find the
appropriate words to express the pain in
our heart we have lost the matriarch and
rock of our family and as I heard
someone say yesterday the only
controversy surrounding Aretha Franklin
was which one of her hits was the best
it always shocks me to witness the
advanced and impressive level of
calisthenics liberals are able to
perform no I'm not talking physically
their mental calisthenics their mental
gymnastics they can pivot faster on an
issue than Simone biles on the beam they
can straddle both sides of a topic
better than Gabby Douglas on the uneven
bars and they can leap over damning and
conclusive facts better than Dominique
Dawes in her floor routine
they are Olympic level mental gymnasts
and their skills are becoming even more
crucial as they attempt to credit our
booming economy to former President
Barack Obama now before I get into that
let's run down the list of ways our
economy is indeed soaring lowest jobless
claims since 1973 stock market has hit
numerous records unemployment rate for
high school dropouts fell to 5.1 percent
the lowest since data collection in 1992
in May unemployment dropped to three
point nine percent the lowest in 18
years latest report showed 4.1 percent
GDP growth as compared to Obama's
average of 2.2% growth he only ever hit
2.6 percent black unemployment at 46
year low lowest in history and Hispanic
unemployment rate at a record low now
it's pretty difficult to deny hard
numbers but liberals bless their hearts
they will do their best to take credit
away from this president every chance
they get and give it to their Lord and
Savior Barack Hussein Obama now bore
borrowing some quotes from the New York
Times itself from August of two
sixteen they admitted this for three
quarters in a row the growth rate of the
economy has hovered around a mere 1% in
the last quarter of 2015 in the first
quarter of 2016 the economy expanded at
feeble annual rates of 0.9 percent and
0.8 percent respectively the initial
reading for the second quarter of the
year released on Friday was a
disappointing 1.2 percent now that's the
New York Times talking about Obama's
economy because they maybe have amnesia
I don't know I mean their latest on who
gets credit is titled an economic upturn
under Obama is now trumps sits help but
wait you guys printed an article
regarding Obama's economy in his last
months in office and remember your own
words New York Times you describe them
as disappointing and feeble so I can say
they just don't understand maybe I'm
dumb or maybe you're just a bunch of
failing hypocritical lying hacks and to
top it all off that same month August of
2016 the failing New York Times said
that the underlying reality of low
growth will haunt whoever wins the White
House do I need to go over that list
again record highs in the stock market
record low unemployment and jobless
claims 1.5 million fewer people on food
stamps 6 trillion dollars added in
wealth 4.1 percent GDP growth S&P broke
20 trillion dollars for the first time
in history US manufacturing index at 33
year high gosh it sounds like whatever
crap Obama made our economy that Trump
inherited he certainly turned things
around and a new poll released last week
shows that Americans give this president
an A rating on the economy and the
presidential leadership index has hit
forty five point seven percent so either
Americans are stupid or liberals are
lying I think we know which one is true
speaking of liberals and their aversion
to fax and math we here in California
are doomed we've got a Republican
trailing very far behind a very far left
Democrat in the gubernatorial race and
the Democrat Gavin Newsom will likely be
our next governor now here's the problem
Gavin has made massive promises
promises that sound like if they're kept
will turn California into a paradisiacal
beacon of prosperity the problem is
nearly everything he's talking about
doing will bankrupt the state it's
actually quite befitting for two reasons
California is named after an imaginary
paradise in a Spanish novel and if this
guy wins the governorship Californians
are getting exactly what they deserve
complete and utter collapse now here are
just a few of the things the expensive
promises that he's making universal
preschool and childcare universal health
care higher wages across the board
higher spending on infrastructure and
3.5 million housing units to address
California's housing shortage now what
does that price tag look like for those
it's like when you go into an antique
store and you see a clock you're just
dying to have because you think it's
just going to make your life complete
and you look at the price tag and you
see the price and you have a heart
attack and die because real life liberal
policies kill people I'm just kidding
but seriously how much money are we
talking about here well the universal
preschool and childcare alone will cost
8 billion dollars I guess I wouldn't
take such issue with this if I didn't
know how many kids in this state
we're brought here illegally and are
soaking up our social program resources
sorry but if you're here illegally with
your kids and you're trying to stick
them with a state hired babysitter that
my tax dollars are paying for I'm not
cool with that take the kids back to
your home country and have Grandma Rosa
watch your offspring because the United
States of America is not a daycare
center or maybe it is it sounds like
gavin newsom is trying to make it that
way but the old sentiment that it takes
a village to raise a child they're not
talking about taking the entire villages
money FYI and the single-payer health
care aka socialized medicine that's
going to cost us four hundred billion
dollars a year now pause for a moment
and let you breathe yeah apparently
Newsome is aware that he has expensive
plans on his campaign bust before the
primary he said this I am NOT naive it's
not just about more resources it's about
resourcefulness it's not just about more
money um yes Gavin it is because these
things have to be paid for
I don't think you're gonna be cutting a
personal check for these projects so
you're going to have to be spending our
money he also wants to pump more money
into universities in this state why so
they can spit out more brain-dead
liberal sheep like you Kevin you all
have seen the reports of the collapse of
San Francisco right about how the
streets are littered with human feces
and needles and trash yeah
Newsom claims that his tenure as mayor
there is proof that he can advance new
programs even in an economic downturn so
mr. Newsom if that's what you did as
mayor of your city I really don't think
that you deserve a promotion I'd really
like for the whole of the state to not
be transformed into your liberal
dystopia but I don't know maybe that's
just me thanks for watching everybody
have a fantastic weekend I'm Amanda head
the hollywood conservative for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
