it's our fourth installment of our deep
down dive into a Canadian Border
Services Agency internal audit and our
own exclusive access to information
documents about operation Syrian refugee
today I'm going to show you the
government bureaucrats response to their
own mishandling of the security gaps and
the kind of job they thought they were
doing last year the Canadian Border
Services Agency released a heavily
redacted internal audit detailing their
successes and handling Justin Trudeau's
push to meet an election promise to
bring 50,000 Syrian refugees into the
country before the end of 2015
eventually a full version of that audit
was leaked to the mainstream media who
did at least some modest reporting on it
but we wanted to know more
why redact the audit in the first place
well as I've reported over the last
three days it's because serious failings
in the screening process and changing
protocols specifically to accommodate
the Syrian refugees were causing
problems for example the refugees
weren't required to have any police
checks done before they came into Canada
either from their country of origin or
from the country they were claiming
asylum from within in at least two
instances people identified as working
voluntarily with armed groups were able
to come into Canada and in at least one
case someone who is not even a Syrian
refugee but rather a Lebanese citizen
was able to claim Syrian refugee status
to UN workers in Lebanon those same UN
workers were also discovered to have
only been doing their job of making sure
the people walking through their doors
actually met the criteria to be refugees
at about 60% accuracy and I'm rounding
up so the bureaucrats got to the
business of rejecting the document this
is a list of suggested redactions that
came out of the immigration refugees and
Citizenship Canada
they wanted the CBSA's audit to match
their own so they were collaborating
colluding with other bureaucrats to get
everybody on the same page and work
together to I guess keep information
away from the Canadian public you can
see here over and over and over again we
would like to discuss and we would like
to discuss and please remove this
statement but this goes further than
just an attempt to redact information
from the Canadian public IRC C would
like the CBSA to check their tone and
give IRC C credit for detecting problems
at the CBSA caught in their audit look
at this however we would appreciate it
if you could adjust the tone of the
second sentence and adjust the wording
to reflect that both departments had a
role in detecting the 150 cases now
those are 150 cases that had missed a
part of the security screening process
and it was detected in that audit and
another series of emails between IRS EC
and CB s a bureaucrats there comparing
their work under their own audits CBSA a
paragraph sounds a little alarming given
the management response we do not refer
to potential risk this way and we would
like to discuss if the tone could be
adjusted also perhaps we can discuss if
your report would have this paragraph
rejected for publication I also found
this little interesting tidbit in there
as part of the audit it was discovered
that refugee families were triage
together give it in preference over
single males the IRS EC actually pointed
this out as a flaw in their system
instead of probably one of the really
good things that they were doing the
reason this all came about was because
the audit found two cases of brothers
traveling together that had initially
been registered as single principle
applicants but according to the IRC see
these brothers were traveling together
until they should be considered a family
to self-identified adult brothers
traveling together are a family equal in
the triage system to pregnant women
children and this policy is further
evidenced in this document here where
the internal audit findings sheet said
that they did note the department
applied the definition of family
flexibly to accommodate vulnerable
refugees the refugees didn't actually
have to be a family unit to be triaged
through the system as a family they
could just identify as a family to get
here faster and we know from an earlier
investigation that identified adult
children were not interviewed separately
from their parents making it very easy
for everybody to keep their story
straight about who's who when they're on
their way into Canada and as you know
that's not normally how they treat you
at the Canadian border is it
now here's another back and forth about
those redactions the person in charge of
the audit at immigration refugees and
Citizenship Canada was trying to rush
her own bureaucrats into putting the
redactions into place
could you please review and let us know
if you are in agreement with the
proposed redactions
please make any changes or additions
that you feel are required duggan zayeed
well forward the request to a tip as
they coordinate the process for audit
reports would it be possible for you to
provide us with your review by Thursday
August 31st sorry for the short
turnaround when discussing the success
of their redactions amongst themselves
the bureaucrats were getting cocky yeah
they actually used that word cocky also
getting cocky how about we are pleased
the audit found and then they crossed
out found and put confirmed that Syrian
applications were processed in
accordance with the legislation the
bureaucrats thought that an audit that
found 150 Syrian refugee files had not
been properly security screened
something to be cocky about to brag
about and again we know through earlier
investigations that the government
weakened the
and weaken the controls for operation
Syrian refugees so that there was not
even a requirement to document that a
basic Google search had been done on the
refugees and 39 refugee cases were
completely unscreened before they landed
on Canadian soil completely not much for
these bureaucrats to be cocky about is
it when it's your safety at stake for
the rabble media
I'm Sheila Gunn read at the rebel we
just hit a major milestone we have 1
million YouTube subscribers so thank you
because you made that possible but that
also puts us on the radar of the sensors
in big tech but to get around that you
can download our new rebel mobile app
it's available on the Google Play Store
or the Apple App Store download it give
it a whirl and fight back against
censorship in big tech
you
