I'm here at the Bale hostel where Anjem
Choudary
is being held now that he's been
released early from prison he's out
having served only half of his sentence
but it doesn't say I'm not allowed
where am I not allowed to be so if I'm
allowed to be in the bottom allowed on
these steps these steps at all and I'm
allowed to be on the pavement just as a
request all of this all of the steps is
No and the and the bottom of Y and right
down onto the bottom yeah okay no
problem thank you for your help I
appreciate it can I ask what time and
Jim's coming back can I ask what time
angela is coming back I think that's a
no disappointing but true so anyway now
we're down here on these steps this is
the bail house where ang M Chaudhary is
currently located although he's not here
this evening
having been allowed out of jail with
only half his sentence served he's
already out and about he's been picked
up by a cab there was a lady in the cab
we believe he may have even gone to the
mosque for prayers on a Friday so it's
just great I think being an gem while
Stan gem was in prison he did not attend
any d radicalization courses he refused
to attend those and it seems a very
curious kind of justice in this country
where an gem Chowdhury gets to be out
here in this hostel he can go to the
mosque if he wants he's acting as a free
man when someone like Tommy Robinson for
example who was arrested and thrown
inside in solitary just for standing on
the pavement repeating stuff already in
the public domain he's back at court on
the 23rd this country is perfectly mad
now what's your name Joshua Joshua this
is where an Jam cherry now is indeed
what you think about an Jam crown trees
being out of prison having served only
half of his time okay given grace to
people who actually serve their time
well and who have the justice in the
courts etc I do you believe in that
however this man is not what I call a
normal man this man is nothing more than
a racially hatred sort of in in and
what's instigator he is
special hatred he promotes jihad which
is what we're trying to split up and any
common-sense person will know that you
can't bomb your way to peace essentially
I think this man should not be staying
in our country because essentially if he
does go back to prison who has to pay
for it the English taxpayer you speak to
anyone on the streets no one respects
him no one likes him can we please just
say actually this man is dangerous he
said too many hate crimes came out thank
you very much I think it's absolutely I
think it's fine till people hear the
views of people like you smoke people
like you saying you know all's fair
people serve their time but this guy is
only served half his time and he's
already out yes and this gentleman also
is not just like obviously you have the
worst of the worst he's very proud to
smile on camera in interviews when
they're saying okay so you believe in
blah blah blah etc and there was one
case that I specifically remember and I
will say it
it was Muslim grooming gangs and he
smiled and was like it's fine it's fine
it's fine to do that and I'm like this
guy is mentally disturbed okay mentally
disturbed we do not need him in England
I'm really sorry I'm quite patriotic I'm
not right-wing I'm not littering I'm
libertarian so I believe that everyone
should have free speech everyone should
have whatever they want whether you
voted leave or remain doesn't matter
this man does not accumulate any of that
this man is dangerous and now he's here
in what I call my second home I'm not
happy with that and everyone was treat
to that I've met had been going blah
blah blah I said sure
one of the things about this hostel here
this bail hostel where Anjem Choudary
has been put is it's actually in a
relatively nice area there's some nice
townhouses here you know there's some
celebrities that live here as well it's
quite a kind of a well-known street one
of the other things about the bail
hostel is it's right here near a school
and earlier on today a lot of parents
were here protesting because they're not
too happy that Anjem Choudary an
extremist hate preacher is being housed
right near where their children learn
and go to school I'm here at the bail
hostel where Anjem Choudary is staying
now that he's been released from prison
early just
right being an extremist and a preacher
of hate and actually since I've been
stood here on this street corner I've
been spat at been given a shove and been
called a racist to support my work and
my honest journalism please do go to
rebel Mediacom
you
