we now know the name of the man who
mowed down people outside the Palace of
Westminster with his car but we still
don't know the motive ever since I saw
the news about the people who've been
hit by a Ford Focus outside of the
Palace of Westminster yesterday I've
been kind of uneasy about reporting on
it now I yesterday was just sat watching
the news eyes glued to the screen as I
always am every time something like this
happens just watching this tragedy
unfold on the rolling news but I didn't
want to just jump on the train and head
into London and just immediately report
it I didn't want to jump to any
conclusions because there was some
things about this that just didn't seem
right and I thought it was sensible to
to wait it was a good idea to wait and
see what happened and see what the
authorities say I mean I know you can't
always trust the authorities and there
have been times when they lied but as I
say there's some weird things that went
on so but let's first talk about what
happened briefly so 15 cyclists were hit
by a Ford Focus that crashed into one of
those diversity barriers and around 7:40
a.m. and it's now being investigated by
counter-terror police and the man who
did it was arrested under the 2006
Terrorism Act but we still don't know
his motives yet we really genuinely
don't because he won't cooperate with
the police and it's taking a whole day
just to find out his name his name by
the way is Sally cata
probably pronouncing that wrong and he's
a 29 year old British citizen he's also
a Sudanese immigrant is actually a
refugee who claimed came here and was
given asylum
the BBC reports on this and they said
his brother described him as a normal
person with no fanatical ideas and no
links to any religious group Abdul
catters they also said his family who
are originally from Darfur in Sudan was
in the state of shock over the incident
so there are things to really look at
here it's easy to assume that this is a
Muslim terror attack just another one I
mean let's be honest it does kind of
look like one but there are a few things
about this that make me question it and
make me question whether it is in fact a
Muslim terror attack so first off
wouldn't a terrorist look for somewhere
without barriers right that seems like
the logical
thing to do because he didn't kill
anyone he could have caused way more
damage elsewhere thankfully the people
that were hit are doing okay one person
I believe was seriously injured but not
life-threatening so thankfully though
you know there's no deaths also there
were no weapons recovered from his
vehicle now this is basically part of
the jihadi handbook of doing stuff like
this is you carry knives or you carried
guns in your car so that once you crash
you can get out the car and kill as many
people as possible it's like some kind
of sick game as I said in my other show
today also the guy who did it hasn't
told any officers or passer byes why he
did it passes by pacifies not sure
what's wrong with this but he didn't
tell anyone who went past why he did it
he usually I mean look at the murders of
Lee Rigby they exclaim out on the street
in front of cameras exactly why they did
it and it's happened multiple times but
this guy has just stayed quiet he said
nothing
it's common for jihad is to exclaim
their allegiance and in fact Isis and
all these terror groups so far nobody's
claimed it nobody's claimed it so this
that's why I'm stopping and thinking on
this one
others might say the fact that this guy
appears to be for all is from Sudan
which is roughly 97% Muslim makes this
more likely to be a terrier terror
attack and it's certainly a fair point
but I don't know something really stinks
about this The Telegraph reports that
the suspect had just been kicked out of
Coventry University after failing his
accountancy degree so obviously his
head's not in a great place I mean I was
kicked out of uni but I didn't go out on
the mo people down on my car so again
fair point but his friends have also
said that they were really surprised by
his actions and that he was stressed
recently over his father's death now
look I'm not defending the guy he needs
to be locked up as soon as possible well
he is locked up but he needs to be sent
and you know sentence with a prison
sentence but I think there are some
interesting facts here that may suggest
this isn't what we immediately assumed
it to be I could be proven wrong
I could be proven wrong but there's just
something bizarre about this and you've
got to admit that regardless though I
think the only reason we see these
attacks taking place like this is
because of the prominence of jihadi
Taksin attacks in the first place
because when attacks like these are
plastered all over the media you know
the amount of times that jihad he's have
mowed people down with trucks and vans
across
and in Europe it's all over the press
understandably but is there any will any
wonder is it any wonder at all that
these copycat attacks have happened
again all over the world by mentally
unstable people and drunks or people
drugged up it's it's it's quite obvious
that this The Situation's spiraling out
of control it's snowballing the more
jihadis do it the more copycats do it so
I guess we're gonna have to see
hopefully we'll have more answers on
this soon but I thought this was an
important video to do to talk about this
attack and say well you know hang on
this guy isn't cooperating
nobody's claim to the attack he doesn't
appear to have had any religious
affiliations or at least not connected
to any religious groups no weapons were
found in the car and he won't talk to
the police there's something something
going on here but until we find out more
let's wait and see how this unfolds I
think there's an untold story here if
you like that and want to see more
remember to Like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
