another day another giving into lunatics
and chipping away at Christians as a
whole after 29 years the harvest
Crusades festival one of the
longest-running large-scale Evangelic
events had its advertisements removed
from a California mall the reason may
surprise you or not
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
Greg Laurie's Harvest Crusade had its
advertisements removed from Fashion
Island a prestigious outdoor mall in the
center of Orange County now the festival
itself will still be held August 17th
through 19th at Angel Stadium and is
expected to draw tens of thousands of
people now as mentioned this event has
been going on for almost three decades
so what changed there were many
complaints levied at the mall saying if
this advertisement was threatening one
person saying quote it was a serious
threat unquote
scary photo right right this may remind
you of the firestorm controversy of the
gay wedding cake where a religious Baker
agreed to sell any cake he had in the
store but would not make a custom made
gay wedding cake and of course the
United States thankfully to our
Constitution and Bill of Rights no one
has a right to your labor thankfully the
Supreme Court agreed that they could not
force them to make this and the same
thing basically applies to this
situation which is good no one should be
forced to do anything however this case
is a little bit different yes it is a
privately owned mall however the harvest
festival had its images already approved
had it paid for and had a signed
contract that they could advertise and
even after the complaints the Harvest
Fest will agree to take down the image
and just have the name and dates and
even that was refused and the contract
terminated and then had to refund the
money and this is still okay and
completely legal because quote a clause
in the contract with Irvine allowed the
advertising company to reject any ads
that may be quote constructed as vulgar
or offensive unquote
so what change from the approval of the
original advertisement with a series of
people who approve the image of this
completely innocuous advertisement
somehow blind to the blatantly vulgar
and offensive content on the
advertisement then of course somehow
just the name and dates be too much for
people to handle because obviously it's
so vulgar and offensive or maybe just
maybe these
lunatics who hate Christians and are
simply just the people who bully
businesses into removing anything that
involves the faith and unfortunately
companies cave to these demands while
embolden includes to be compromised with
all while discriminating against people
who pay money to your business to
advertise for a Christian family event
and these 10,000 people who show up can
also choose to take their business
elsewhere I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood did you enjoy that video of
course you enjoyed that video so now you
need to become a premium member to the
rebel that way you have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
