Sadiq Khan has become a real-life meme
he suggested we ban cars to keep
Londoners safe
so yesterday I'm sure you honestly know
there was a potential terror attack in
London we're not sure what really
happened yet the time of writing this
and time of airing this we know that
it's being treated as a terrorist attack
so the police can investigate fully and
find out whether it was a terrorist
attack or not and a believe under
English law current English nor any way
that it's a terrorist attack if they
find that it's ideologically or
religiously motivated so that's the
question is it motivated by religion or
ideology but regardless of whether this
was motivated as a religious terrorist
attack or not and there are some Bulleit
reasons to believe by the way that this
isn't a religiously motivated terrorist
attack I did a show about this today in
my other show if you check that out
you'll see what I mean but it is true to
say that there is a problem with this
kind of attack happening in London in
the first place we've seen multiple
attacks of this kind in London before
and across Europe it's happening all the
time notably in England we had the
Westminster Bridge in the London Bridge
attacks and that's why we see these huge
arrow who act barriers as I write to
call more of the city that separate the
road in the pavements that the cars
can't get up and which block people on
the pavement so that the cars can't get
through and it's hideous isn't it it's
hideous
but people regardless of the fact that
these barriers were there outside of
Westminster when this attack happened
yesterday people still got hurt so Sadiq
Khan has come up with a great idea our
who lack barriers aren't working so now
it's time to ban cars seriously so take
a look at this video of Sadiq Khan on
good morning Britain one of the things
we're doing City Hall working with the
palace and the local council and the
experts is to see if there can be
permanent plans in place to Papa dester
eyes that part of Parliament Square I
think is important to make sure people
can have access to parliamentarians we
don't have a closed democracy where you
can't meet your MP you can't Lobby a
parliamentarian but we will recognise
they're just like the terrorists and the
bad guys are evolving finding new ways
to harm us
to kill injure maim
disrupt our way of life we've got to
find new ways to keep ourselves safe and
there you have it he said it himself
this is the new way to keep people safe
in London how long have we been talking
about banning cars and banning vans as a
meme online and I'm Sadiq Khan has
become a real life means suggesting it
himself and he's serious this is the way
to keep people safe in London he says
but wasn't the obvious and better
solution be to tackle terror at its root
course Sadiq Khan has spoken out about
the potential terrorist attack that
happened in Westminster yesterday and
he's suggesting the way to keep London
is safe from now on is to start banning
cars seriously he wants to ban cars from
Parliament Square now whatever this
turns out to be terrorist attack or not
Sadiq Khan is fundamentally wrong on
this one because Britain's been
surrounded by concrete blocks a lihue
Act barriers or diversity barriers
whatever you want to call them I was
visiting the Tower of London last
weekend really amazing thing to go and
see as a British person seeing this
amount of history in our own City our
own capital city and I was shocked to
see that surrounding the Tower of London
the Tower of London we've got these
Allen who act barriers all over the
place and even on Tower Bridge the
famous Tower Bridge you've got barriers
on the pavement that you have to walk
through and you got barriers at the side
of the pavement with bus stops closed to
stop the cars mounting the pavement and
killing people now our history is being
barricaded by big black metal and
concrete blocks do you feel any safer
because I don't and what do you feel
safer if cars were banned imagine if
cars were banned from Parliament Square
really would you honestly feel much
safer because I feel like at this rate
we're kind of just egging the terrorists
awnings some kind of sick game it's like
a game of cat and mouse you attack us
here and we'll put up defenses and see
if he can get us next time it's sick but
that seems to be what's happening you
know we install these diversity barriers
and then they just come up with new ways
to attack us and if what happens
yesterday does turn out to be a
terrorist attack or even if it doesn't
it shows the fact that these diversity
barriers don't work in the first place
because steep people still got hurt now
we can ban car
from Parliament Square and you know
suddenly there'll be bigger crowds of
tourists than ever before don't you
think if there's no roads if there's no
cars in Parliament Square there's more
room for tourists and call me
Chloe sick minded here but is it not
true that these people just become
sitting ducks for motivated terrorists
is that not true let's be honest this
game of cat-and-mouse going on now we're
going to create an even bigger target in
Parliament Square by banning cars here's
the thing Sadiq Khan is wrong on this
and Trump is right on this the only way
we're going to solve this problem
the only way we'll ever solve terrorist
attacks is by tackling the root cause
head-on and not dealing with secondary
issues and banning cars if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
