Hollywood socialite Lindsay Lohan oh
yeah I guess she's an actress too anyway
she has some things to say about the me2
movement coming up today on the
Hollywood conservative or the rebel
last month in July I began my 12th year
of living in LA I moved to LA in 2006
during the Hollywood nightclub heyday
and it was a whole heck of a lot of fun
to be honest now these names might not
mean anything to you but those were the
days of Cabana Club Ladue element Rock
Bar josephÂ´s those were also the days of
famous nightclub partiers like Britney
Spears Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton
and whatever happened at those
nightclubs whatever debauchery ensued
and subsequent drama you could be sure
to see it on Perez Hilton com the next
day I can't tell you how many times I
saw those celebrity women stumble out of
a nightclub and in the process flashing
their underwear they were crazy days and
I am not the least bit nostalgic or
dismayed that that seems like a
completely different life compared to
what I have now but among all of those
crazy people and the crazy behavior that
I witnessed during that era one of the
most socially dramatic hot messes was
Lindsay Lohan she's gone through quiet
periods where she went to rehab but then
inevitably hurled herself back into the
party scene then rehabbed and party then
rehabbed then party that girl has gotten
cleaned more times than Bill Clinton's
dry-cleaning while he was in the Oval
Office
anyway Lindsay Lohan who to her credit
has kind of been laying low lately burst
back into the news when she commented on
the hashtag me too movement in an
interview with The Times she told them
that she thought the me2 accusers look
weak and basically said that they're
thirsty for attention and frankly a lot
of people feel that way but Lindsay
makes a living in Hollywood and this
certainly wasn't the smartest move there
surely has to be some women out there
who have made some of these accusations
who Lindsay has worked with in the past
or might work with in the future and
that is not a good look when you show up
to set having accuse someone of being
weak and thirsty Lohan went on to tell
the times the
everyone goes through their own
experiences in their own ways if it
happens at that moment you discuss it at
that moment you make it a real thing by
making it a police report now that I
definitely agree with I think a lot of
us feel like if these women had come
forward at the time filed a police
report and gone through the proper
method methods of reporting the assault
or rape or whatever the specific crime
was these types of incidents could have
been prevented in the future so cue the
torches and pitchforks from Hollywood
Hollywood and liberals nationwide went
after her and ripped her to pieces like
a monkey on a cupcake personally I think
she should be able to say whatever she
wants in a perfect world but you always
have to consider your words in the
context of your job and your industry
like the Dixie Chicks bashing George w
that's a country demographic who
supported him it's just not a smart
business move so Lohan released a new
statement regarding her initial comments
and she said this the quote solely
related to my hope that a handful of
false testimonies out of a tsunami of
heroic voices do not serve to dilute the
importance of the me2 movement and all
of us who champion it however I have
since learned how statements like mine
are seen as hurtful which was never my
intent I'm sorry for the pain I may have
caused so I'm curious what you guys
think about this do you agree with her
comments but think that she probably
should have kept them to herself or do
you think that she was just flat-out
wrong across the board to think it say
it whatever let us know in the comments
thanks so much for watching everybody
I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
