today we're taking a deeper dive into a
Canadian Border Services Agency internal
audit and our own exclusive access to
information documents that detailed gaps
in security screening of Syrian refugees
both before and after they came to
Canada now today's the second part in a
four-part expose we're looking into the
systemic failures of government
protocols designed to weed out national
security threats late last year a full
version of a heavily redacted Canadian
Border Services Agency internal audit
was leaked to the mainstream media the
audit detailed security gaps in what
they called Operation Syrian refugee or
the mission to meet Justin Trudeau's
electoral promise of 50,000 Syrian
refugees brought into Canada before the
end of 2015
now the mainstream media devoted a story
or two to this report at the time but
given that it revealed at least 150
cases that didn't receive proper
security screening we decided to do a
more intense investigation we got the
full audit and now finally our own
exclusive access to information
documents to go along with it so we can
tell you the full story the whole truth
the government didn't want you to know
now yesterday I told you about specific
numbers of refugees that had not been
screened effectively by the government
some 135 of them weren't even subject to
the most basic open-source Google and
Facebook searches before admittance to
Canada and I have even more to show you
today it was just too much for one story
so let's get right back into these
documents this document here lays out
some key findings of the internal audit
under number 21 these gaps became
apparent during a compliance review of a
sample of 54 Syrian refugee applicant
case files the review found that in six
cases not all mandatory security
screening system checks were completed
and/or had the result
documented in the agency's case
management system okay let's just stop
right there six cases out of a random
sampling of 54 that means if we expand
one in nine Syrian refugee Case Files
isn't really receiving the scrutiny that
is required those are pretty good odds
if you're bad guy trying to get into the
country by pretending to be a desperate
Syrian refugee and of those six cases
from that sampling of 54 in one there
was no evidence whatsoever that the
mandatory checks were performed at all
in four cases there was no evidence of
an integrated query check and in the
last case they discovered that not even
an open source check was performed so
they didn't even do a basic Google
search of the guy or his family or go to
their social media the report found that
criminality assessment procedures were
completed on all but one of their
samplings of refugees that sounds great
on paper but what is a criminality test
well it sounds like they're just asking
somebody if they're a criminal because
if you look at the top paragraph of this
document here it reads police checks or
certificates of no criminal conviction
from the refugees home country were not
required and police checks were not
requested from the refugees countries of
temporary asylum
so these migrants may have committed
crimes even war crimes in the countries
that they're coming from and may have
continued to commit crimes in the
countries where they went to apply to
come to Canada safe countries like
Turkey and they may have continued their
criminality there but we'll never know
because those questions were not
required to be asked of refugees and
even if they were required there's not
adequate record-keeping in the countries
of origin or through which they've
migrated to prove that they're not
criminals now this is one of the
original documents here from immigration
refugee and Citizenship Canada that was
heavily redacted they've removed a lot
of the numbers now that I've already
reported on so
yes their attempt to hide things from
the public didn't quite work out the way
they thought it would but they left
something unhidden at the bottom of this
document that is very very damning 305
files that had past security assessments
and were approved final assessment but
that had also an inconclusive result
under security screening status it was
unclear why inconclusive and especially
non favorable security screening
outcomes could result in approved
security assessment and ultimately an
approved application so on the
immigration files themselves the workers
could see that the security screening
status information was marked as
inconclusive or non favorable but nobody
asked any questions and approved the
refugees files anyways and here in these
government documents we obtained through
access to information the bureaucrats
actually seemed surprised that 200
refugee case files had been refused
for security reasons including serious
criminality and non-compliance with the
act or having an inadmissible family
member and we can see bureaucrats
thought that number was just a little
too high for their liking now this final
access to information document from IRC
see details the process changes that
were made for operation Syrian refugee
that may have weakened controls designed
to ensure that all required security
checks were finally completed positive
reporting was used for open source and
integrated query checks and as a result
analysts were required to follow up on
only four cases where there was a
concern or hit an analysts were not
otherwise required to validate that
these checks had even been completed and
secondly the template used during
Operation Syrian refugee was modified
such that the requirement to document
open source and integrated query checks
was excluded let's just stop right there
for a second so there were mechanisms in
place to make sure these Google searches
and integrated query checks were
actually being done but
requirement was removed for the Syrian
refugees the document goes on to say had
the requirement to document all
open-source and integrated query checks
remained in place the 150 cases noted
above would most likely have been
identified and the checks completed and
we know these changes to procedures were
made to meet Justin Trudeau's
unrealistic quota of 50,000 refugees
admitted before the end of 2015
Justin Trudeau's haste an arbitrary
targets put us all in danger tomorrow
I'm going to show you some specific
cases of fraudulent refugees and people
who claimed inconvenience as the reason
they needed to come to Canada for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid Silicon
Valley and big tech has a thing for
censoring conservatives but we've got a
way around that we have our own rebel
media mobile app you can get it on the
Google Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
