this is the window you punched in here's
some witnesses hey did that guy just
that guy just asked my name and that
start assaulting me yeah you can believe
and you said yeah he reached over and
started punching you in the head anybody
care to disagree exactly
so the guy recording that video is
youtuber Jeremy Hambly who has
apparently punched in the head multiple
times by this dude mr. Matthew fantastic
loader
yes his middle name really is fantastic
and yes that is him in a snow white
costume jeremy had criticized a favorite
feminist game critic of matt's matt
reportedly came up to Jeremy at a bar
near a gaming conference and upon
confirming who he was started punching
Jeremy while screaming I'm going to
fucking kill you Jeremy said it took
four people to pull Matt off at which
point the youtuber ran into a bar
Matt smashed one of the bars windows and
then took off oh yeah he finishes with a
hashtag punch
Nazis so as you can see the man just
doesn't care
he is very confident that he will be
escaping Indianapolis without being
arrested I'm confident of that too now
Matt is president of prettiest princess
games but he was also at least until
recently a professor at Quinnipiac
University in Connecticut so the alleged
assault happened on Thursday August 2nd
last Tuesday here is Matt's faculty
profile on Quinn EPX website where he's
listed as part-time faculty teaching an
intro to game design class this fall I
reached out to the school to see what
they thought about Matt's behavior I
didn't get a response but on Thursday
August 9th visitors to the same link
were greeted with this error page
Quinnipiac VP for Public Affairs then
told me the person in question is not on
our faculty and does not teach here
which seems like University PR speak for
a wou we wanted to hire someone with the
right politics but we didn't actually
think that a cancerous worldview would
have real-world consequences and here's
the thing this might not even have been
the first time it mats attacked someone
out of convention
this is me in using me drunken princess
dress and they have a Gen Con 2004
everyone you punched that guy from pure
2004 and I think we should probably end
their math thank you
so Jeremy went to the Indianapolis
Metropolitan Police Department and filed
a report for non aggravated assault they
assigned him a detective who didn't
answer my phone calls but Jeremy has
apparently spoken with him and is moving
forward while it's been nearly two weeks
and Matt still hasn't been arrested one
glimmer of hope in this case is the
waves of support Jeremy's received he's
raised over 27 thousand dollars on
GoFundMe for legal fees so far but
remember Jeremy is more than a hundred
thousand YouTube subscribers how many
people don't have these massive
platforms and have nowhere to turn for
support after getting punched by one of
these ruthless ideologues
unless you're one of those sunlight is
the best disinfectant folks remember
what happened last week when California
dropped all felony assault charges
against bike lock professor Eric Clanton
giving him only three years of probation
oh shit he's bleeding yo yo yo man I'm
bleeding that was a highly publicized
case with video evidence but still no
justice for campus unmasked I'm Rob Jim
Shaw if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
