well I'll call it the curse of the rebel
so many of our alumni have been banned
from things even jailed Lauren southern
banned from the united kingdom faith
coldly attacked from anti-fur kicked off
of paypal tommy robinson sent to jail
almost killed there and now our fourth
alumni Gavin McInnes has been summarily
banned from Twitter as well it's I don't
know am i doing something
joining me now via Skype is our friend
Gavin McInnes from his command post at
CR T be Gavin nice to see you again I'm
surprised you're not in jail given
what's happened to the rest of our
alumni said there's no there's a lesson
there you leave the rebel bad things
happen to you no that's not the lesson
the lesson all the white nationalists
were right they told me that you're a
Zionists you're controlling the shekels
and you're going to ruin my life every
everyone who goes near you is destroyed
that's you
nything with that with Zog to ruin lives
and we've had enough of it we're joking
around a little bit of fun banter but
actually I'm and I'm in good spirits
because I was great to see you and
you're one of the my favorite people but
actually I'm not in a in a happy mood at
all because you I mean in the same
weekly band Alex Jones of Infowars and
they're banning and banning and banning
they just delete how many followers
should you have on Twitter hundreds of
thousands and they do under these are
giving 1960 1261 what was the reason
they gave they weren't they were totally
ambiguous in fact the form they gave me
the email that gave me had no warnings
and it just said you have been
criminally suspended for and then
there's just a blank area and then below
that it says if you try to start a new
account it'll be banned at man but I see
our TVs lawyers I think spoke to
Twitter's and they said it's for
condoning violence and condoning
violence to them is to be happy about
defending yourself it goes back to Rufio
pan man that's what we call him in
Portland after being attacked by a mob
and whipped with a baton he knocked the
guy out and knocked a few other people
out who were armed and attacking him and
trying to kill him and he had was
totally unarmed so he said wow what a
great punch the punch word heard round
the world Alex Jones had him on
Alex Jones's band I had him on Iowa's
ban rufio's band every single Prabhu's
account is banned and it's because the
only thing worse than fighting back
against the alt left is being happy that
you won you have to bend over and take
it or else so what you're saying is
because you said you were pleased with
someone who was attacked by the alt left
fighting back you didn't punch anybody
you didn't call for any violence the
fact that someone defended themselves
and one that was enough for a mass
blackout on your part by the way I know
that Hamas has a twitter and the Muslim
Brotherhood the Ikhwan they have Twitter
feeds they have V for years anti-fur has
Twitter and and their business is
violence I guess you're worse than Hamas
or Anti Fog Gavin well punch a Nazi
doesn't mean punch a white nationalist
who is working hard to create genocide
in 2018 punch a Nazi means beat up a
trump supporter punch someone in a manga
hat which they do on a regular basis we
also have BLM talking about killing cops
and cops dying that's the other thing
too there's just there's no evidence
that us defending ourselves has ever
hurt anyone who didn't deserve it who
wasn't already attacking us but all
these other groups do have body counts
you know they the cops are getting
killed Islam Islam Isis did murder
people all over Canada and America on a
regular basis very recently we just had
Danforth what two weeks ago yeah but
that's different because that is
right-wing now you mentioned see ITV's
lawyers CITV is the company you work for
now and it's owned by a wealthy man who
can afford things including fighting
what about the prospects of you guys
making a stand even if it were to doomed
in the end to fight back like say James
d'amour that Google engineer who was
sacked because he wrote a memo in good
faith about gender diversity was fired
he's suing Google and even if he doesn't
win at the end he's smoking out so many
a-mei
internal documents my thinking is even
if the Twitter Terms of Service that's
the contract with users like you and me
even if at the end of the day Twitter
wins and the court says well they
weren't very nice about it but they have
the right to block anyone from their
company the process of smoking out their
internal decisions and seeing who put
them up to it let me three one more
anecdote before you answer there's a
Muslim liberal from London named Maajid
Nawaz a progressive Muslim who that the
SPLC the Southern Poverty Law Center
accused him of terrible things he sued
them they settled for three million
dollars without even a trial in my view
because they were terrified of all their
internal processes coming to light so
would you consider suing Twitter even
just for the documentary disclosure
aspect absolutely and and one thing
about that Muslim case he was in Britain
and they have much better laws there
when it comes to defamation but here in
America suing Twitter is a massive thing
and I'm definitely looking into what we
started talking to lawyers already
getting involved with that that's like
moving Mount Saint Helen but I I'm going
against all my Canadian instincts here
because we're not a little just people
husband acts and I don't like the idea
of you know getting involved in in
preventing businesses from doing
something but things have changed and I
am embracing law fair we are on a very
smallest local scale we started suing
places that kick us out for being proud
boys for wearing mega hats in California
they have very strict laws about
political bias and the service industry
and refusing people service based on
their politics so we're suing that
Griffin bar that kicked out the proud
boys we're suing a company who fired a
guy who was there that night I am now
embracing law fair and in that that it
doesn't just involve Google and Twitter
and big things that take ten years and
hundreds of thousands of dollars we're
also doing it on a local level because
people have to understand we're done
with being victims were as Tommy
Robinson says we're targets not victims
and it's time to fight back did you know
at the Griffin that that bar
they had a fundraiser the next day
for the SPLC the SPLC on their own site
candidly admits they have 430 million to
others in the bank and this little bar
in Atwater Village in LA is trying to
raise another three hundred dollars to
put on Scrooge McDuck file
it's things have gotten out of hand and
and you know you you talked about all
those people at the beginning in your
show the thing they have in common is
not the zionists that's obviously a joke
but it is rebels you know it just like
the top Tommy being the lion we are the
only ones who seem ready to fight and
it's sad that there isn't more of us
mm-hmm
yeah I mean some some of our alumni left
and happier circumstances than others
but all of them have that rebel streak
they're challenging the establishment I
remember once upon a time that
individual people eccentric people
dissidents were sort of looked upon with
some admiration they were individual say
the courage of their convictions
especially in the UK where the quirky
eccentric was a staple of British life
and he was sort of celebrated for the
fact that the society permits that I
don't think society permits quirky
dissidents even if they were
occasionally wrong I think we we smashed
down any nail that sticking up too high
with a hammer last word do you Gavin
look at Guy Fawkes in Britain Guy Fawkes
was a guy who tried to blow up the
Parliament Buildings the Parliament with
big powder kegs he was arrested for that
sentenced to death believe and the
anarchists now they where they don't
even think they know this but they wear
the mask that his Guy Fawkes his face
they got it from the movie but the movie
got it from the actual guy guy fucked
now Tommy Robinson is an enemy of the
state
he's Guy Fawkes and they are sitting
there with their Guy Fawkes masks saying
screw Tommy Robinson so we've lost in a
sense we've lost a lot of the propaganda
war where the state has managed to
brainwash your average rebellious team
into thinking it's rebellious to support
more regulation and bigger government
but they're wrong rebels want less
government rebels want more freedom and
I think young Millennials especially
black Americans are slowly figuring that
out well it's very interesting it's nice
to see you again my friend and I
I hope you fight back against Twitter
even if you eventually lose the lawsuit
the public good that will come from
airing this issue especially the
high-handed way in which they made the
decision to find out who is feeding them
gossip and rumor and slander behind the
scenes would would it expose so many
other censorships and by the way they've
gone after all our alumni that I've
listed I think it's only a matter of
time before they come to us the
mothership - it wouldn't surprise me one
bit doubt yeah and then liberals are
next they have to understand here that
this the way that fascism works is it
starts first like they came from Milo
and I didn't speak up and it keeps going
and going until they are on the chopping
block
the irony of all this is we're trying to
create a world where they are safer yeah
all right there you have it Gavin
McInnes now the host of get off my long
at seat our tv.com nice to see you again
thanks for joining your old buddies here
at the rebel here's Ezra that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
