discovery day is no more in the city of
st. John's Newfoundland its the latest
victim of what occurs when you combine
political correctness where they heaping
helping of white liberal guilt
so last week Saint John City Council
passed a motion renaming Discovery Day
as wait for it
st. John's day Wow even if Discovery Day
had to be acts Saint John's day that's
all you got is a replacement sad
actually it turns out that st. John's
Day is only a temporary named
replacement you see the mavens of
political correctness on st. John City
Council were so hell-bent and getting
Discovery Day eradicated that they
didn't even have enough time to come up
with an official permanent replacement
name and how sad is that incidentally
Discovery Day refers to June 24th 1497
the day John Cabot landed in
Newfoundland as you might imagine that
was a pretty big deal some five
centuries ago but last month councillor
Maggie Burton raised concerns about
Discovery Day in light of the whole
Truth and Reconciliation movement and
the fact that others had discovered
Newfoundland prior to Cabot's arrival
still none of that changes the fact that
Cabot did indeed discover Newfoundland
as a European explorer and not to worry
I won't even segue into the geographical
Forbidden Zone regarding land bridge
theory which suggests that the Americas
were originally populated by those
trekking across a Bering Strait land
bridge all of which means that thousands
of years ago natives too discovered
North and South America alas this theory
has fallen into disrepute in recent
years not necessarily due to it being
scientifically unsound but thanks to the
cultural minefield that has attached the
mere suggestion that First Nations
people first live somewhere else but I
digress yeah the thing that really
strikes me about Discovery Day being
tossed upon the scrap heap of
so lesson says how quickly this
turnabout transpired for example in
recent years we've seen all manner of
non PC vintage statues being uprooted
right across North America but Discovery
Day only dates back to 1997 yeah the
world has apparently changed that much
in the space of just 21 years even worse
the great political minds at st. John
City Council well they're now pressing
the provincial government to officially
change the name of Discovery Day for the
entire province so much for local
governance I guess still st. John's
Council will have their work cut out for
them in trying to convince Neil King the
House of Assembly representative for
Bonavista to sign off on such historical
revisionism in a telegram story it's
noted that King is a vocal critic of the
name change and he notes many residents
in his district agree with his stance
says King quote they appreciate John
Cabot's landing here no one's disputing
that our indigenous friends were before
us and that the Vikings before that but
this is the first landing in the new
world from our European settlers back in
1497 end quote you know I think I'm
having an allergic reaction to this
statement folks I mean such straight
talks such common sense such bravery in
light of PC madness and all emanating
from an elective representative at that
I'm getting a bit dizzy here in the
meantime I'm sure the elected reps on
st. John City Council are burning the
midnight oil as they try to come up with
a new permanent name for the now defunct
discovery day at the risk of coming
across as culturally insensitive might I
humbly suggest Newfie jock day for the
rebel dog media I'm David the men's I'd
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
