showing your students part of the
hearing for Brett Kavanaugh that sounds
like a course discussing the allegations
against Cavanaugh that also could be a
course busing students down to
Washington DC to meet with social
justice groups for an anti Cavanaugh
protest that sounds like activism and
trying to make a class out of that is
why one professor in Maine is now banned
from teaching
let's take a look let me introduce you
to Susan finer a former University of
Southern Maine economics and Women's and
Gender Studies professor she's
apparently one of the initiators of a
field of study called feminist economics
knowing what I know about modern
feelings over facts feminism that sounds
like quite the dichotomy
anyway Susan apparently hit up her buddy
at Gabrielle domain a diversity and
inclusive programming coordinator at USM
to propose a one credit course for
students I got forwarded an email from
domain with red students can earn one
credit free for enrolling in this pop-up
course on engaged citizenship the
requirements of the pop-up include
busing overnight to Washington DC to
join activists political action groups
and social justice organizations to meet
with senator Susan Collins I don't know
about you but if I lived in Maine I'm
not sure how comfortable I be with my
tax dollars funding such naked activism
anyway Susan finer was also going to
send students a survey which said check
all that apply
followed by statements like I am a
survivor and willing to share my story
to the public live stream rally press
and I am interested in civil
disobedience or willing to get arrested
bail is about $50 per arrest please have
a plan yeah you know let's encourage
students to get arrested
and it's totally alright because we're
on the right side of history so Susan
went to DC earlier in October but her
little course planned for the same day
it was never approved by the university
because USM president Glenn Cummings
stepped in and said this pop-up course
was hastily arranged without the
knowledge of the Provost or myself it
was not appropriately reviewed nor went
through property
channels as soon as the provost and I
were apprised of the course we
immediately pulled the one credit
offering we also made sure that no USM
monies were being used for the trip I
for once don't have any snarky remark to
make because this is exactly what they
should have done once they retire
professors often still teach a few
courses but Susan finer who actually
retired three months ago won't be at
least any University of Maine campus
because Cummings has barred her from
doing so
for campus unmasked I'm Rob scrimshaw if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
