amidst rumors that Boris Johnson might
be gunning for Teresa maeín going after
the top job in number 10
there's also rumors of a plot to oust
Teresa May and replace her with somebody
totally different
so there's been a lot of talk lately
about the potential of Boris Johnson
becoming the next pn going for the
leadership of the Tory party and I
definitely think it's gonna happen
at some point I mean have you seen the
video recently of him going out from his
house with mugs of tea on a tray
offering reporters a cup of tea and
saying I've got no comments about my
burqa comments but other than to give
you a cup of tea and he comes out
wearing Hawaiian shorts and a sports
t-shirt and his hairs all over the
places it's very clever he's positioning
himself as the normal guy the guy that
people want to support that's why he
amazingly was the Tory heir Mayor of
London in London the Tory I I don't
think the Tory could ever win again in
London but if Boris stub maybe they
could because people like him so he was
really really smart and it seems to me
that he's really is going for the top
job at this point but that's in the long
term in the shorter term it appears that
there might be another plot want to
remove tourism a and replacing her with
an interim Prime Minister David Davis so
the mayor on Sunday reported on this and
they said Boris Johnson is being urged
to anoint David Davis as interim prime
minister as part of a brexit a push to
oust Theresa May as early as October the
Mail on Sunday can reveal the burr
chorale which has engulfed the party in
the wake of mr. Johnson's incendiary
remarks about Islamic dress has
emboldened anti may plotters who think
it could help trigger a leadership
contest when MPs return to the commons
next month
senior our eyes of mr. Davis have told
this newspaper our contest will be a
disaster for the country so the party
should agree to make the former brexit
secretary a caretaker leader and said
after the UK leaves the EU they have
privately urged mr. Johnson to agree to
the plan and postpone his bid for
leadership until mr. Davis steps down so
that's interesting if you've been
watching my show recently at least over
the last few months you'll you'll have
heard me talking about this and the fact
that well if there is a leadership
challenge then there's the question of
democracy and the question of whether
we've got to go back to the public for
another general election whether
actually a new leader who gets elected
might think that they can gain more
power by holding an election right
thérèse and may thought she could but
then it all goes wrong there's a lot of
questions surrounding getting a new
permanent leader of the Tories so this
idea of an inter
leader means that they can quickly
replaced Ariza may get on with Bragg's
it do the job properly get over it and
then return to normal and maybe have a
leadership challenge where Boris Johnson
runs to be leader becomes leader and
then maybe Boris holds the general
election and wins back some Tory seats
because he's a more likable character
than Teresa may my personal feelings on
this I feel like David days at Davis is
probably the right choice I'm not a
supporter of the Tories I don't think
they're conservatives but while they're
in government I of course want them to
do well on greg's it's so David Davis
well I'm pretty sure would do a good job
of that he's been one of the most
staunch brags of tears from the
beginning I do think that Boris will
probably become party leader at some
point but you know that's in the future
now I don't like him I don't think he's
got any solutions
take for instance his Berger comments he
talks about the burqa well he mocked the
burqa and instead of talking about the
oppression of women instead of talking
about the fact that the burqa covering
of one's face flies in the face of the
trust system that we use in Western
civilization in Western culture the
system of trust knowing who people are
the fact that it flies in the face of
that he didn't talk about that he just
mocked it and he didn't offer any
solutions either he could have suggested
banning it 59% of British people want it
banned so it wouldn't been a crazy thing
to do but yeah that's that's my point
he's not a solutions guy so I'm not a
fan but I think people will support him
especially in a general election
you keep supporters will go for him
maybe some labor but probably not that
many but I think you'll do is
consolidate the you keep Tory vote again
and allow the Tories to win in a
majority right Cameron just about
managed to a few years ago
Boris is the trump-like candidate it'll
say the things that normal people say
but you won't actually do anything about
it that's how we will win a very very
sad state of politics when that's the
case I think it's a disaster if Boris
wins I'll be at his heels and holding
into account everyday but I think it's
likely going to happen but this idea of
David Davis becoming interim prime
minister I think is really interesting
and something I probably support if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
