so a pro-palestinian student group
hosted an event Saturday comparing
Palestinian Liberation to black American
liberation that's intersectionality for
you let's erase and collapse context
history and all of that nonsense because
all we need is oppressor and oppressed
but perhaps a bit more concerning is
that the students at this event
apparently read something written by an
officer of a designated terrorist group
let's take a look
Temple University's students for justice
in Palestine chapter looks like a pretty
diverse bunch and I know you're thinking
that diversity is typically code for
anti white these days but it looks like
these students do support diversity of
ideas or rather one specific idea to be
exact
terrorism you see it temples SJP chapter
hosted an event called Palestine and
black America a strategy for liberation
and I guess I'm not sure what the
message is behind that title you want a
separate Palestinian state does that
mean you also want a black American
ethno state sounds pretty racist to me
around 50 individuals apparently
attended and read from Black Panther
Party founder Huey P Newton as well as
Ahmad Saadat who's the Secretary General
for the Popular Front for the Liberation
of Palestine or PFLP you know just the
same pflp that the u.s. lists as a
terrorist group the same pflp that
murdered more than a hundred individuals
including children with suicide bombers
during the Second Intifada the same pflp
that killed five Jewish synagogue
worshippers and a police officer in 2014
and the same pflp that has been doing
these things for a little while now
slaughtering over two dozen people at an
airport as far back as 1972 while ad
talk about bad optics and you don't have
to go too far into temple s JP's history
to find other absurdities someone
apparently wrote the n-word and drew a
swastika on a car at the campus a couple
years ago and temple SJP called it
inactive
terror against black temple students but
suspiciously didn't express the same
sentiment for Jewish students the group
was also of course a big fan of freeing
a head to me me the Palestinian girl who
was detained and recently released after
punching kicking and slapping Israeli
soldiers and a few years ago a guy
tabeling for temple SJP reportedly
punched a student in the face after the
student wanted to have a conversation
about Israel and it doesn't look like
the lunacy stops with the kids at Temple
either I remember a couple of years ago
when one of their professors visited my
alma mater the University of Virginia
and argued against listing people's sex
on official documents saying that people
can reject binary sex altogether and
identify as both male and female because
you know everything is just a social
construct for campus unmasked I'm Rob
shim shock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
