alright guys so let me know is that any
better let me know if we have any better
of an issue with this I mean I try to
get back into my chat stream the video
seems good I don't know why we're having
problems with the audio so you guys got
to tell me if that looks any better
sounds any better and I will treat
accordingly let's say we got here um
yeah so apparently we I don't know if
any better I don't see any you guys on
here right now but hopefully you'll get
there so Omarosa writes this book I
think it was a terrible terrible move
and I think the writing a book when
you're given a life a career a brand
wealth influenced by somebody writing a
book slamming them is about the worst
thing you can do to these people but the
worst thing you can do to anybody who's
much better audio is better alright good
yeah I had to do a reboot guys very
sorry I and VI I don't really know how
to tell some of our people let me put
this out on Twitter but I don't know how
to tell some of our people that we're
you know what that we're live quite
honestly
on this channel well so let me let me
tell let me tell some of our people here
via Twitter that we are live
alrighty that should do it
alright so anyway so I'm a recipe that
writes this book and I get it like you
want to leave the White House you want
to write a book but you don't bite the
hand that feeds you don't go out there
and you don't just try to destroy a
person it's a care of you cuz well you
were unceremoniously kicked out of the
White House which is exactly what
happened to this woman
she was kicked out of the White House
sources in DC told me that Omarosa was
very upset that she no longer had under
general Kelly full access to the
president she couldn't just waltz into
the Oval Office whatever she wanted
and so that annoyed her to the point
where she felt she was was a more well
connected than achieve staff tried to
push by him and well let's just say that
didn't go all that well that didn't go
all that well now she lost her job
people do in the White House people lose
their jobs that happens like deal with
it you're an adult but when you don't do
what you don't do is go and write a book
full of well what appear to be lies
would appear to be lies so you've got
Nell Omarosa out there which is peddling
it's the lead on Drudge today a lead on
drudges Omarosa drops bombs and what
they're talking about is that the
headline anyway at NBC News and NBC is
far left they hate Trump they hate Trump
supporters they would love to vilify and
exclude us all
it's amorosa claims she heard Trump
n-word hate so she goes on the press and
she tries to say that she heard a tape
of Trump talking to somebody else in the
Oval Office Frank Luntz the pollster in
which Trump used the n-word racial slurs
that should never have been allowed on
air that she's never been I heard a tape
of somebody telling something to another
person and I'm gonna present it as fact
well anyway well anyway
frank luntz the pollster who by the way
is no fan and Trumpy was calling the
race for hillary frank luntz said during
he was on twitter he said I never said
that I never said that
and Donald Trump never said that and I
was the guy he was talking to and it
never happened
furthermore nobody ever called me to ask
me if I moroseness claims are true so
now we're at a point where to point in
history with this president where you
can make things up where you can claim
the guy's racist where you can just say
he's the worst person in the world and I
heard a tape from two years ago in which
the President of the United States was
spewing hatred and racial slurs and I
play the tape I'm not gonna prove it
exists I'm not gonna ask the other
people on the tape for comment I'm gonna
well appears to be make it up as I go
along and claim this and you the
mainstream media are gonna just run it
as fact that's a really big problem
really big Wow Michigan and Scotland and
so Pete Petra Heinrich says they'll keep
claiming it until something sticks
unfortunately yeah but nothing's
sticking nothing is good sticking
because there's nothing to stick that's
the problem right now there's nothing to
stick Trump really didn't do anything
wrong
earned from people who worked in the
White House people on the campaign and
people very close to the president so
there's one thing I learned over the
weekend uh.well ambrosa is a pariah to
Democrats
she's a pariah to Republicans
she's a pariah to the media industry but
for the shows that want to bring Trump
down but they won't give her a job I'm
not gonna give her a job not gonna let
her work for them so this is a woman who
went out burned every Bridge Chris aqd
Norway 12 be engineers as I'm coming
through five by five Riddler to Lake of
the Ozarks awesome
now Bicentennial negress has just
watched four people cited as witnesses
disavow everything Omarosa said about
Trump not POTUS exactly everyone is
coming out in the bunking her book so
her credibility went from here to here
it's done she has none gram Shawcross
says I like you as politics it takes my
mind off the disaster that is UK
politics hmm you know I saw a really
interesting a tidbit that the I forget
her name Chris Eva dick the Commissioner
of the London Metropolitan Police Force
was investigating Boris Johnson for
making negative comments about burkas
this is what the Commissioner of one of
the largest police agencies in the world
is focused on burka comments when crime
is off the charts in London right now it
has disproportionate crime gun crime in
a gun free country all right the master
says hello from idle in the land of
virtue is everything Cameron Steele says
they don't think you should be able to
cover your face in public
oh you
should be why not it just shouldn't be a
crime to mock it a native engine says
all politics is drama all politics is
drama yeah it is it is politics is
really really good incredible amazing
theater mmm
Robert Obot says all morose is gonna get
crushed she's too naive and it doesn't
yet what's going on around her yeah I
agree I agree well let me take that back
she's not naive
she's vindictive and malicious she's
just a bad person she's a bad bad person
she knows what's going on around her she
knows that the appetite in the
publishing world in the mainstream media
world is such that if you bash this
president this White House this
administration you'll get a seven-figure
book deal as she did seven-figure book
deal and it appears most of it well is
lies most of it is lies but see it
doesn't matter you don't have to tell
the truth as long as you're gonna come
out get on camera
and bash Trump and call him a bad guy
and racist and say people should vote
for Democrats and that he is the most
horrible human being it doesn't need to
be true they will pay you the media
elites will pay you a lot of money
they'll pay you and that's a problem
that's very problematic
Kim Jameson says Denmark banned the
burqa yeah look in the u.s. we don't ban
religious symbols
I don't listen it's the United States
you want to walk down the street with
your face covered do it do it
I want to mock Jimmy my right and it is
here in the US
my first-amendment right it's
unfortunate that other countries don't
have that hmm other countries don't have
it
why Centennial Niagara says sounds like
you was screaming in a rally all night
nor in need of a lozenge
no I my allergies are it's bad it is
just terrible
I'm in South Florida I've got no voice
having a voice for days the whole
weekend my allergies are raging bad bad
bad bad bad bad
all right so big league ass what do I
think about a recording general Kelly I
was getting there so a lot of bad
information on that arrest on Twitter
everyone's an expert and everybody wants
to sound informed okay
and many people are not so when we talk
about Omarosa recording general Kelly
I'm on Twitter and I'm on Facebook and
everybody wants to be an expert and
sound like they understand the
intelligence community and how oh he she
recorded general Kelly in the Situation
Room
that's a skiff a secure compartment and
if it's not a skiff all right the sitsit
room is not a skiff you can bring a
phone into the Situation Room but but it
should be your government phone now
there's where the problem lies
well there's two problems if she
recorded general Kelly saying something
if she recorded general Kelly saying
something sensitive or classified she's
a problem or or if she used the
government phone to record or a
government device to record what was
happening in the Situation Room and then
she transferred data sound familiar
from that government device to a private
device then used it to try to claim some
nefarious doings on the part of the
Trump administration she
possibly violating the law now there's a
comment here and again I try to explain
to you guys all the time
somebody wrote them aside it's awfully
you can't enter a bank with a mask
covering your face a bank is a private
business they can set whatever rules
they want a sidewalk is pump you can do
whatever you want you want to cover your
face you want to cover your whole body
if you walk into a business the business
can tell you uncover your First
Amendment are grossly misunderstand the
First Amendment the First Amendment
protections extend to public venues
public venues they do not extend to the
sidewalk and what I was saying before we
froze a little bit we're still tweaking
the stream the first a lot of people
misunderstand the First Amendment they
say well of you go on Twitter your First
Amendment you don't have any first one
rights on Twitter all right you don't
have any first amount rights on Facebook
you go into a private venue a bank a bar
a restaurant they can tell you not to
cover your face they're not the public
square they're not the public arena all
right
they're private venues doesn't my
government King blue says have an
official secret act that bans people
from discussing things they picked up
while working in government no that
would be a First Amendment violation if
it's classified you can't disclose it
but if it's not you can talk about
whatever you want you could say that
so-and-so Congress person so-and-so did
this it's up to you they drank too much
they messed around on their husband or
wife that's your prerogative YouTube is
owned by Google that should give me the
answer hmm well look we know where
Silicon Valley stands all right we know
they're not fooling anybody anymore
they're not they're not fooling anyone
and let's face it this Department of
Justice will do nothing nothing if
amorosa transferred sensitive info from
a government device to a private device
this Department of Justice will do
nothing they didn't do it the Hillary
they didn't do it to him Abidine Cheryl
Mills they will do absolutely nothing
nothing nothing they should they should
but this DOJ is one mission taking down
Donald Trump now with everything we've
learned recently with all the new info
on fusion GPS on Bruce or on his wife
Nellie or Jeff Sessions is an epic
jeff sessions is a silent assassin I
don't want to hear any of that nonsense
all right Norman Smith donated Thank You
Norman censorship is unamerican sort of
saying was our Department of Justice is
a joke it is a disgrace and our attorney
general is the biggest disgrace all
right I don't want to hear trust a plan
all this queue and on Naz it now our
Attorney General does nothing tell you
this every day
there is no plan there is no 5d chess
things behind Huber oh my god you forget
that he appointed Hubert ubirr isn't
nothing it's a nothing nothing okay
humor reports to rod Rosenstein the
deputy AG the guy architecting this soft
coup along sighs mother Inquisitor of
qex has sessions does does collect the
paycheck he does that yes he does that's
about it oh when he goes out there he
talks about illegally asset seizure
ms-13 see you later
in general in US history the man does no
I am NOT esra somebody said what does
the name of the person you're watching
I'm John Carlo I did another show on the
rebel now this I do this live show sure
to probably probably put that somewhere
over here
hey smokey how are you yeah Luke vno
says he loves that new trend of the
Democrats fascinating new trend
defending ms-13 look liberals Democrats
in the u.s. hate you they hate you they
hate what you like they hate what makes
you safe they hate what makes you
prosperous they despise you they want
you to die
they wanted his thirteen to kill you to
rape you they're not normal they're not
normal
now we are going to ban a troll there we
go that helped so they but they hate you
they despise you yeah YouTube is down
throttling us and I had so you guys know
the reason I was all for two days last
week is I had an extensive rewiring done
of the studio and the hub outside to try
to fix this web issue and really I'm at
my wit's end I don't know what's going
on Oh
Inquisitor of Keck says get rid of
sessions hired Gaudi that man's been
chomping at the bit for years to do
something oh no he hasn't
no no trey gowdy is deep state all the
way he barks and barks and barks and
barks but he does nothing it's a dog and
pony show trey Gowdy is sent out there
by Marco Rubio and John McCain and
Lindsey Graham who he calls his uncle
and he gives you a good show to shut you
up
trey gowdy would be a diss and bar and
since caddies all talk exactly Michelly
chiquita says gaudi is a paper doll
exactly exactly exactly trey Gowdy is a
paper tiger he will never do anything
all talk no action all talk no action so
apparently we're not the only ones a lot
of streams are being throttled alright
uh TRADOC Ulis P exactly right gaudí
will go and make more money as a
lobbyist or consultant exactly what he's
gonna do but let's talk about DOJ so
you've got this terrible Attorney
General DOJ is a disaster now we're
finding out that Bruce or before he was
demoted
the number four man at DOJ number four
Bruce or his wife Nellie or was the
Russia specialist at where you know
fusion GPS the Russia specialist she's
feeding her husband all this bogus info
Bruce or has something like sixty eight
meetings of fusion GPS where his wife
works and DOJ takes their information as
gospel as law and uses it against a
sitting president it's bad to the point
I don't know how to explain it I mean so
bad so bad but nothing is happening Jeff
Sessions sits idly by rod Rosenstein
allows Muller his good buddy to do what
he wants to do and the world just goes
on and on and on somebody goes Gowdy is
a 2-out yeah yeah look Gary has no
interest in bringing down anybody he's
one of them gal
is one of them Tech says scare emoji for
a gene now now I think Trump needs to
bring in a very experienced lawyer who's
loyal to him scaramouche is been out
there bashing truck bashing them I had
scaramouche in another show I do and he
was very tepid very tepid working to be
self sufficient says Muller connect the
diffusion GPS well indirectly yeah
indirectly yes through the DOJ people
and through Comey
and McCabe Muller's a bad bad guy bad
guy he's a bad guy
more's does not have integrity he's of
this man of integrity I ran a poll King
yesterday or the day before let's see
what the results were my question on the
poll on Twitter now unscientific
informal twenty three hundred and four
votes and my poll was is Muller number
one conducting an honest ethical and
impartial investigation or number two
conducting a rigged which on hoax
against Trump ninety percent of the 2300
people who voted felt it's a rigged
witch-hunt
alright ninety percent ninety percent so
that tells you something right there
people do not trust robert muller they
simply don't and there's no reason to
the guy is not ethical the guy is not
honest the guy was put there for one
reason to topple to topple this
administration that's why that's it and
you know when I get morons I don't know
where people think they're going to be
able to ban you from the stream
all we do is ban you from this stream so
all we do now we're gonna be
self-sufficient don't get involved in
conspiracy theory you want to look at
him Muller and what he was doing during
9/11 Muller was the US Attorney for the
Northern District of California before
he was appointed FBI director so don't
don't bind all these crazy conspiracies
look the truth is more damning to a lot
of these deep state actors than
conspiracies it certainly it's a way to
honor the boys count were a lot of
Johnny wouldn't have staffed himself up
but people he has there that's entirely
aside from his ethics which are lousy of
themselves MD yes about Muller right he
would have at least one or two people on
his team with donated to trump one or
two Kim Jameson Muller deliver the
uranium to Russia I know but you know
what government envoys do that all the
time so they do it all the time
you're a Bicentennial Magor I just Rob
about Muller in commis relationship
regarding Lockheed Martin yeah
oh so turn out well you know there are
the corporate councils or corporate
councils tranh oculus wants to get into
Chicago policing I'm gonna do that this
week um it's a long and intricate and
convoluted topic the loved ones to my
journal by trade no I'm not a journalist
by trade I was a law enforcement guy who
got into media about ten years ago and
not a journalist but you know try to
follow those rules I don't like to spew
nonsense and conspiracies yeah so I'm
gonna be doing the Chicago crime story a
lot going on there I've got to go back
to my experience at NYPD in the 90s and
kind of explain to you what I think
Chicago's doing wrong and short they got
to let their cops be cops and we've
we've conflated we've conflated letting
cops be cops
with wanting police to be abusive and
unconstitutional and that's not the case
it's not the case at all
you can aggressively please you can
reduce crime protect the city while
doing it aggressively proactively but
professionally and constitutionally no I
am NOT being out of a jam jar I'm
drinking out of a really cool glass
because Australia is home the most
dangerous animals on earth the place is
terrifying I don't know people survived
there no it's not they only have Crocs
and poisonous snakes now Chicago is home
to some of the most dangerous animals on
earth they kill you with guns the
Constitution is the highest law of the
land smokey says well Constitution is
not really a law it it it Constitution
explains to government what the
Constitution is is a manifesto of
negative rights sounds bad right
no but it's great negative rights are
those that tell government what they
cannot do positive rights or what
government grant you government gives
you the right to speak the free speech
but not here in the US we have negative
rights which are far more powerful
you've always had a right to free speech
the Constitution is simply reminding
government that it can't infringe upon
that right that's very different than
government giving you that right because
they give it to you what can they do
they can take it away
Bicentennial nagger I got to go to work
see you tomorrow and smokey says
inalienable rights yes but even let's
take it a step further
the government doesn't grant them we've
always had them they're ours the
Constitution is telling government you
cannot
do this you cannot do that you cannot do
that you cannot do that the Liberals see
it differently liberals want to give
government the power to take rights away
conservatives want to extend the
definition extend the list of things the
government cannot do and therein lies a
very very significant difference between
liberals and conservatives very very
even Steve Irwin died in Australia I
don't think he did I don't think he did
let me see where he died I think Steve
Irwin let's say what this gonna tell us
oh he did die and I'll show you get
whacked by a stingray I remember that
but hey that can happen anywhere you
know and poor Steve Irwin poor guy
actually yes
em four six five three nine six one two
Australia is a death trap kangaroo
snakes spiders takes croc scorpions drop
man's sdw you can't walk outside without
a cannon dose off' Sophia says alayich
him didn't Omarosa marry a Democrat yes
man to a pastor and Democrat from
Jacksonville Florida yep cuz she's a
damn cuz she's a dem Jean Maria says you
blocked me no we didn't block you why
would we block you we love you let's see
what else we got
they lost the war to birds birds who
lost the water birds kappa da say Oh
says I wish the Norwegian politicians
didn't use the Norwegian Constitution as
toilet paper well a lot of Americans do
as well a lot of liberals here in
America do as well working to be
self-sufficient says I'm by Jacksonville
Florida 45 minutes away in the country
though nice part a state
I'm down in South Florida way down in
South Florida way way down at the bottom
so yeah look stuff we've been talking
about I'm Rosa our dumb book Bruce or
and DOJ if there is a lot of dysfunction
in DC Inquisitor of Kexin in Sarasota
get a lot of Florida in the house all
right Adam Bowser is Alexandria kasnia
Cortez for real she seems too good to be
true
oh she's for real trinocular from
Houston love that city she seems too
good to be true well it's been yes she
is 12 be engineers in Atlanta Atlanta
another great city another great one
Acacio Cortez is the gift that keeps
giving working to be self-sufficient
says school there Ortiz it's good
shortening of it I guess
you mean Acacio Cortez well they'll be
the Democratic Party wants her they want
her let him have her let them have her
all day long so my god I hope so I love
that he's not turned down Shapiro and
Liz wheeler for debate she has well
she's just ignored them but I don't I
also don't like this trend among
conservatives this stunt nonsense I'll
donate $10 I'll give 25 why why are you
giving her campaign anything invite her
on your show and if she says no stop 25
two hundred thousand five hundred that's
stupid it's stupid it's stunt journalism
it's stunt reporting I don't like it I
don't like it why do you gotta give her
campaign anything hey will you come on
my show and talk about the issues no
you're a coward why do I got to bribe
you to do that how hang consensus what
do you think about Shapiro I like Ben I
know Benny's a good guy you know he's I
what he did I wouldn't do it but I get
what he did um but I wouldn't ask you
know I wouldn't offer anybody $10,000 to
come my show I just wouldn't do that
Craig Keller said oh I think rebel media
is likely to get taken down off of the
internet at any stage just like Infowars
well Infowars was conspiracy barring
lunacy they were an easy target no I
mean the rebels gonna be taken down
we've met our work we're a little more
journalistically we have a little more
journalistic integrity Infowars turned
out a good report then Alex Jones you
know spewed crazy conspiracy nonsense
smokey says Shapiro is slightly annoying
but decent look Ben's a smart guy I like
the guy he's got his style it is what it
is bribes are the only way to get to the
Dems nah yeah look we can beat the Dems
up you know the bright you know they're
all for anybody ten grand to be on your
show
25 grand to be it's silly it's silly you
look desperate
oh come on my show I can't get you
normally I gotta pay you and then she
goes on NBC it looks just looks silly I
don't like it I don't to bribe anybody
to do their job of being a candidate all
right
I don't do that there's no need for that
Alex Jones lost me when he was doing the
Ken chemtrails BS yeah I don't I don't
watch I look I don't like that alex
jones was censored and I don't like they
pulled his channel down he had a billion
YouTube views over ten years but his BS
on 9/11 and on Sandy Hook and on
chemtrails and and Russian air bases in
upstate New York some moron and the
screaming and the yelling and the
theatrics
I just think Alex Jones is a moron
eldorado says Jones is right 90% of the
time no he's not maybe 50 maybe 50 not
right 90% of the time believe me
Jones made nothing of the sort so they
have a clip to make him look bad Nick at
night says about chemtrails was that
true stop stop there his videos Alex
Jones has put out a lot of just terrible
work horrible work that made people
dumber that made them spew conspiracy
theories that made them stupid sometimes
a smokey says he's very right the
majority of the time it's it's craziness
I don't like stunts I don't like stunts
Crenn oculus says Alex Jones is very
entertaining I wouldn't use with a
primary source of info yes yes
Craig calluses says Alex Jones just
trying to warn people with a lot of what
he was saying and of course a lot of it
was wrong yeah but you can warn people
and not lie and not make things up
Inquisitor of qex of the kids he'll be
talking about Alex Jones or CNN I'm
listen CNN you guys hear me everyday
they should label themselves what they
not news at least you know what you get
with Alex Jones you know what you're
getting you're getting a guy who screams
and yells about conspiracy theories or
kooky
CNN should just be honest very honest we
are far left opinion and commentary
we're not news and they did that
everybody be fine everybody be fine mmm
hangman John Ruth says John watch
everyday because I get from you straight
into the point great job brother thanks
man
look I would have a bigger audience if I
screamed at yelled and ranted and made
things up a much bigger audience I know
that I know that but I ain't gonna do it
ain't gonna happen and that's not that
guy
I'm not gonna lie and I'm not gonna
scream and I'm not gonna yell I'm not
gonna I'm just not going to do it
our stream was a little better today we
got a couple a little bits of buffering
Comcast actually gonna be here all week
fixing the stream but I didn't want to
fishing rewiring everything around the
studio but I didn't want to not bring
you a show
MV says John anything new on the Broward
County front no of course they're
talking about the parklands shooting or
removal of the sheriff no no jean-marie
s says Mark Levin gets very angry he's
very credible look mark is angry because
he does his homework mark does not make
things up mark does not make things up
midnight says you have a huge page on
Sandy Hook called nobody died and Sandy
Hook still going at Facebook I don't
have a page on Sandy Hook saying nobody
died there not many not me and nobody
I'm affiliated with has any of that
nonsense no nope wrong wrong I don't I
don't have that I've never put a page
like that up and no one I've ever
affiliated with put a page like that up
mark levin is a lawyer who researches
and researches and researches when you
listen to mark you talking to the
smartest guy in the room not so with
Alex Jones do I think Allen Craig
Callister says do you think Alex Jones
was intentionally lying with what you
said he lies about or do you think he
actually believed that he was saying I
think Alex Jones knows his brand and his
audience and he plays to them and he
plays to them so you know Nick ignites
it sorry that you've been going yeah
well that's up to Facebook Facebook
should bring that page down if it's
saying nobody died in Sandy Hook in
Newtown Connecticut but lost my penance
and my facebook should pull that page
right down but they won't but they won't
and 12b
engineer says Jones is an actor that's
all
now smokey is talking about millennial
Milly I don't know who that is
let's say who that is no idea who that
is
um oh yes you somebody who works oh I
know who she is
she works over at Infowars Milly Weaver
I think maybe we follow each other on
Twitter I don't really know anything
about alright I um like I said I don't
watch that stuff I don't watch the
conspiratorial websites it's just not
free you know I don't watch him I don't
follow them I don't I just don't
subscribe to him
I just don't train oculus I really like
Steve B's - yes Steve turns out some
good work big never Trumper Steve and I
got into it if I know Steve is a nice
enough guy
big hates Donald Trump hates him hates
Donald Trump yeah now I know who Miller
Weaver is I just didn't know she was
called millennial mili um that's all
yeah she's a cute girl I haven't watched
any of work you know I don't know much
about her at all don't know much about
her at all
she I guess she works for infant worse
that's about it that's all I've been
able to find out they are not always
100% conspiratorial on all their shows
but Alex conflates many topics smoking
and that's problem you know I don't want
to see anybody anybody censored I don't
have to agree with you I just don't want
to see you censored a lot of these
things you guys are throwing at me I
don't know who they are I don't watch
these conspiracy YouTube videos I just
don't do it I don't it's not my thing I
don't watch him I don't listen to him I
I do my own research and and you know
it's not my thing
not my thing uh
you know a lot of people send me stuff
and that the sad part is that one of the
things I don't like about these
conspiracy theory sites is that they've
they've given people a full sense of
what a story is so somebody will send me
something that looks really good and
it's got legs story say you
hypothetically on robert muller and
they'll then start setting the emails
and the first one will make a lot of
sense and i'll say wow there might
actually be something here but then the
follow ups have this insanity to them
where it goes for a muller might have
perjured himself in a drug case when he
was the US Attorney totally plausible
then it goes to the drugs were being
sent to a you know pedophile Satanist
group and all of Hollywood was at the
table when they were sacrificing
children I mean it gets nutty it gets
nutty and so in that craziness there are
probably some gold nuggets but you can't
get to them because everybody is so
focused on being the most sensational
and predators and I can tell you there
are not these massive networks of
pedophiles weaving through life just but
it's a hot topic and everybody wants to
go pedophile pedophile pedophile
pedophile and it bothers me because most
people doing that never had to deal with
the victims the children they are
pedophile pedophile pedophile oh look at
this pedal you don't notify file is in
their heads deal with the victims then
you're done the investigations and just
point things out for clicks or tweets or
or likes on their Facebook posts because
that's the topic that's the hot topic du
jour pedophile pedophile pedophile and
it gets tiring and when we have to sift
through that so Gavin McGinnis was a lot
of people talking about Gavin Gavin was
banned from
Twitter full disclosure Gavin's a good
friend of mine
I spoke to Gavin that night it's
ridiculous
Gavin used to meet with us here at the
rebel he's very good friend of ours
Gavin Gavin is about the nicest guy
you'll ever meet
you take his public persona or a snarky
and tough and fiery and that's what he
believes but did he sit down and you
have dinner with Gavin he's talking
about kids his family he is one of the
nicest most soft-spoken
genuinely good guys you will ever meet
and what Twitter did to him is
disgraceful absolutely disgraceful Gavin
is a brilliant comedian and satirist one
of the funniest guys you'll ever meet
you're getting Gavin is funny on his
videos have dinner with the guy I decide
steak with Gavin not long ago we'd say
we went out for a steak
he had me laughing to the point I was in
tears for dinner and then drinks the bar
afterward he is absolutely hilarious
he's just a great guy what they did to
him was disgraceful absolutely
disgraceful and mu said he's bloody
brilliant is he's one of the smartest
guys you'll ever meet
he and funny and quick he is absolutely
hilarious and a good person and a guy
who knows exactly where the line is and
doesn't cross it and his satire is on
point and that's what it is satire and
the left couldn't have that they
couldn't have it couldn't have it they
had to take him down they had to take
him down because he was popular and
likeable and he made sense and it was
ridiculous and on the Gabbin issue I'm a
little fired up because the guy's a
friend the guy's a personal friend and I
really like the guy and it was just
ridiculous Nick at night says because I
don't agree with Jones it was okay no
was it no no you obviously haven't been
watching my shows I've been what they
did to Alex Jones is reprehensible and
wrong I don't agree with Alex
I don't watch Alex but I will fight to
the end for Alex to have its platform to
be able to disseminate his content what
was done to Alex Jones is disgraceful
and I can't say enough I can't scream it
loud enough how terrible it was I want
to see Alex back on every channel
alright I don't have to agree with the
guy I don't feel like it's content to
want him to be able to broadcast it you
if you're his fan should be able to get
his content wherever you want god bless
you god bless him I don't have to agree
with Alex to defend his right to
broadcast I think what they did to him
was friggin I'm gonna say something else
terrible terrible yeah
no Nick no problem I know I be now
what's up a little bit for his content I
don't agree with it but man I never
never want to see I want to bring
liberal a sign out there to be able to
broadcast no no I think what they did to
Alex was terrible terrible terrible
terrible I think we did a gap it was
terrible well they did to Milo you
innopolis Milo's another one I don't
like I don't I think he's a stunt guy I
think Milo does a big disservice to the
conservative movement with a lot of his
nonsense but should never abandon
far-left accounts did things far worse
than anything Milo's ever done far worse
they didn't get bad
ban disgraceful I don't want to see
anybody censored and shut down
anybody ever no never
so yeah I don't have to agree with you
to want to see you be able to broadcast
I don't it's uh no no no what they did
Alex was was reprehensible and they did
it all in a very cowardly cowardly way
and you know it was a coordinated effort
because LinkedIn LinkedIn banned the guy
forgotten Millennials donated thank you
forgotten Millennials they asked do I
think the deep state will use Adobe
voice off her to make a fake n-word tape
no no I don't really gonna go that far
cuz they can be debunked I don't think
though that before what they'll do is
they'll put on morosa on more and more
and then when I rose to go so I was
mistaken
that'll get married on like page 38 and
nobody will broadcast her apology my
rule of truth in news Copa the South
says if it contains a concoction of
something private something people love
and something people fear is most likely
poison yeah yeah
Snoopy's n 100 says President Trump can
use they antitrust laws to protect the
First Amendment yeah maybe maybe I don't
want to see regulation being imposed to
protect the First Amendment you know I
don't want to see that so that what that
wouldn't work for me
all right guys we are at the end of our
run for this morning I will be back with
you tomorrow morning at 7:30 a.m.
Eastern right here on the rebel YouTube
channel thank you guys so much for
watching looks like we got our stream
issues fixed hopefully we're gonna have
them fully fixed by the end of the week
but I'm gonna be with you every day
while they're working through it the
worst of it has passed you guys have a
great one I'll see you tomorrow
you
