Alberta premier Rachel Notley was miffed
that the Edmonton Heritage Festival once
again refused the Canada Palestine
cultural Association to take part in the
gala event last week but in the name of
compromise I think I might have a jolly
way in terms of solving this controversy
and perhaps even make the amitin
Heritage Festival more fun than it
already is
so last weekend Edmonton staged its
annual Heritage Festival it's meant to
be a celebratory affair featuring
singing and dancing and food from myriad
cultures so what's not to love well for
the third year in a row the Canada
Palestine Cultural Association was told
to well bugger off
that's because participation is limited
to actual bonafide countries and States
and when it comes to so-called Palestine
yet curiously the PALS had an ally go to
bat for them none other than premier
Notley not least stated quote it's my
hope that we'll be able to find a
resolution that respects the diversity
and the overall value of inclusiveness
which this event represents end quote
yeah diversity like the sort of
diversity found in the Palestinian
Authority when individuals are say outed
as being gay and are then either tossed
from a high-rise rooftop or dragged
through the streets by a motorcycle is
this the kind of diversity and
inclusiveness miss Nutley pines for
still it's oh so painful to see the
progressive premier with her knickers
and such a knot so let's all
collectively hope the Edmonton Heritage
Festival does indeed have a change of
heart and alters that silly old real
country's only rule for 2019 by offering
admission to those flying the flag of
Palestine however I say if we do indeed
go this route in for a penny in for a
pound meaning that the festival should
also allow representatives of other
nations that are in the same league as
the Palestinian Authority yes I speak of
Narnia and the Klingon Empire and
Wakanda and Equestria and of course the
Seven Kingdoms that comprise Westeros
alas if the Edmonton Heritage Festival
follows my advice visa via inclusion it
will be incumbent upon organizers to
change the name of this event to
something that more accurately reflects
the participation
of these new full member nations and
just don't call it comic-con guys that
names already been taken for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks the Breville has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
