this is all part of a recent tour a long
going campaign but recently starting to
show impact by the climate activists to
censor and shut down the climate debate
on social media on alternative forms of
communication and what they're doing at
YouTube is you just point it out it's
YouTube sourcing you ready for this Azra
you thought Wikipedia has the authority
to refute MIT climate scientists dr.
Richardson has been at the forefront of
the entire climate change debate for 35
plus years so this is how YouTube you
can just imagine it now as where it's
probably something you know some
teenager and a t-shirt working part time
for YouTube and they're posting up a
video but this is very high up in the
corporate offices my debate with Bill
Nye which is between 1/2 million views
from CNN a few years ago has now been
slimed so to speak it now has the same
disclaimer why they didn't let Bill Nye
speak for himself but because anything
that features any one who challenges any
part of the climate change narrative put
forth by Al Gore and the United Nations
will now get this YouTube disclaimer
explanation fact check if you will
that's so weird I mean the fact that you
were debating Bill Nye shows that there
were two sides of the story and Bill Nye
can make a case as best as he can or if
he didn't do well the fact that YouTube
still came in to literally tilts the
scales to put their finger on the scale
for in a debate is crazy I got it I mean
I know the answer this but I'm gonna ask
you anyways if they put their rebuttal
under Professor Richard linson like a
world-class expert on global warming
who's a skeptic do they put a similar
disclaimer under the Pro global warming
videos I mean I will acknowledge that
there is a debate about the theory of
manmade global warming there is a debate
on what to do about it if anything and
how to do it
it's
it's a controversy which means there's
another side of the story I think I'm
right but I acknowledge that there's
another point of view does Google at
least acknowledge that there are two
points of view do they at least do they
are they even handed in their rebuttals
or is this just them weighing in and
saying nope
if you're wrong we're gonna tell people
he's wrong in other words Al Gore John
Kerry President Obama are not going to
get these same disclaimers at this time
you know why because they agree with the
alleged consensus they're not they're
not in the wrong so you two does not
feel the need to put their check and by
the way the odd thing about this is
YouTube whoever's behind this policy at
YouTube you just imagine the staff
meeting they don't even understand the
climate debate the actual disclaimer
that they're putting up sourcing
Wikipedia which by the way wikipedia is
climate change pages change about a
hundred times a day between the
activists fighting and dis constantly
changing stuff and putting in nonsense
it's completely the most unreliable
source on climate you can get number one
and number two this is the source that
the statement that they're actually
issuing to refutes me Richard Glenn's
and any other skeptic who dare question
it is that the earth has warmed over the
last hundred plus years or so and into
their mind a warming earth equals man
caused catastrophic and we must do
something about it and that to me is
shocking so their idea of refuting a
skeptic is to say the temperatures gone
up over a hundred years and there's not
a single skeptic temperatures since
about 1851 the end of the Little Ice Age
so there's a fundamental
misunderstanding of the entire climate
debate and then there's an outrageous
source of wikipedia and then there's the
outrageous selection process of who
they're picking to who they're picking
to give this disclaimer slash fact check
- that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always -
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
