a mother has been stabbed to death and
left to bleed out on a kitchen floor for
helping her daughter flee her arranged
marriage
arranged marriage is not a thing we do
in Britain I mean at least historically
arranged married isn't really a thing
we've ever done I mean maybe sort of
with the Royals they've kind of had
these you know arranged marriages which
they kind of arranged themselves but on
a basic level for normal people at least
in modern history arranged marriages are
not a thing and arranged marriages are
more than just your your family saying
oh this is a great man you can marry
he's a doctor and he'll look after you
it's not just that these are violent
marriages this they include
psychological torture and it's almost
always the women who are the victims of
these things and the latest horror story
is that in the UK in the UK a mother has
been brutally stabbed to death by her
son-in-law after he discovered that she
was helping her daughter flee their
arranged marriage the BBC reported on
this and they said her mother helped her
daughter escape a troubled arranged
marriage before she was stabbed to death
by her angry son-in-law Roger is heard
Muhammad affirm 31 denies murdering
Raman Begum 46 at her home in rocks day
on 7th of February
Manchester Mitchell Street Crown Court
heard she was killed after his 25 year
old wife Aisha left him to move back in
with her longtime partner in Bradford
mother of five mrs. begun was found dead
on the floor with a knife in her hand so
this is going through the courts this is
all alleged right now but it's being
reported that the claim is that he
stabbed her and left her to die on the
kitchen floor and say is true say this
is what in fact happened then imagine
what that woman was suffering herself
his wife imagine what his wife was
suffering every single day if he's got
that much anger in him that he would
stab his own wife's mother to death
imagine what he was doing to that poor
woman this is the kind of thing that
you'd expect from the third world but
this was from Rochdale in Rochdale
now George the aishite firm the wife was
continuing her relationship with her
boyfriend her longtime partner in
Bradford and a mother had tricked her
husband into leaving the home so that
she could go back into the house collect
her things and then leave and move on
with her boyfriend and
of the abusive husband behind she told
the court that her mother had told her
boyfriend to look after my daughter and
don't ruin your life go live it so I
mean I'm just guessing here I can't say
for sure but it sounds to me like this
arranged marriage wasn't something the
mother wanted in the first place or at
least if she had wanted it she changed
her mind
but the mother was trying to let them go
and live their lives and escape the
horrible brutality but she was soon
found dead on the kitchen floor with
three major stab wounds one of them
going right through her heart and in
other recent news by the way it turns
out that visas are being granted to
foreign husbands in forced marriages
just to compound this issue in the UK
now visas are being easily just handed
over to husbands or forced marriages The
Telegraph reported on this and they said
the home officers failed to protect
British women teenage girls forced into
abusive marriages by granting their
foreign husbands visas charities have
warned officials dealt with nearly 90
cases of victims trying to block visas
last year although almost half were
still issued data obtained by the time
shows they also said one group said some
immigration officials were turning a
blind eye amid concerns over cultural or
religious sensitivities a home of his
source says it categorically denies the
allegation figures released under
Freedom of Information Law showed the
Home Office had received a hundred and
seventy-five inquiries about victims
trying to block spouses visas last year
of these 88 became full cases which
included direct requests from victims
known as reluctant sponsors requests
from third parties or instances were an
official suspected a forced marriage but
regardless of all this visas were still
issued in 42 cases now any woman in this
country British born or not should not
be suffering this kind of barbarism if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
