it looks like Boris Johnson might be
forced to undergo diversity training for
his rather mild burka comments naughty
naughty
things are getting pretty bonkers
surrounding this Boris Johnson burka
comments story it happened days ago but
it's still going on so here's what
happened
he said that women in burkas look like
letter boxes or bank robbers fact right
that's a fact it's also a pretty nasty
job that everyone's told at some point
but the media is acting as if he said
that all people shouldn't be allowed to
workers and we should institute a ban
and all that which i think is a good
idea but obviously he doesn't and the
media wouldn't not want him to say that
well maybe they would because he'd sell
a lot of papers but at least the
political establishment doesn't want him
to say that so there's been a huge
controversy Baroness Warsi has said that
hate crime incidents are more likely to
happen because of Boris Johnson Teresa
Mays condemned Boris Johnson and really
what Boris has done is without setting
forward any new policy proposals meaning
he wouldn't have to change anything if
he became leader of the Conservative
Party he's managed to position himself
as a man of the people and a potential
new leader and new prime minister but
now amazingly Ken Livingstone Ken
Livingstone has come out and said that
Johnson should be kicked out of the Tory
Party now let me explain why this is
ironic as if you don't know already
Livingstone is the former mayor of
London and a former Labour MP and he's
been kicked out of the party God knows
how many times but he's known for his
countless anti-semitic slurs let me just
read you off a few of these so he called
Jewish MPs a distortion running through
politics he called British troops in
Ulster Nazis he claimed Jews were
organizing paramilitary groups which
resemble fascist organizations against
him he claimed capitalists were worse
than Hitler and he compared the Jewish
reporter to a Nazi and this guy is with
a straight face telling the press yeah
Boris Johnson should be kicked out of
the Tory Party Islamophobic get
Livingstone amazing but even weirder mr.
bean has come out and defended Boris
well not mr. bean unfortunately Rowan
Atkinson the actor the comedian who
played mr. bean he told the news he said
all
jokes about religion cause offense so
it's pointless apologizing for them
you should really only apologize for a
bad joke on that basis no apology is
required in fact he actually said that
it was pretty good
he said the joke was pretty good now I'm
as quote-unquote as Islamic phobic as
they come but come on letterboxes that's
not that great a joke but Rowan Atkinson
seems to approve and he's a legend so
fair enough but notice by the way as
well it's only the old school comedians
that are really this good I mean wear a
napkin some being one of them and of
course recently we've been talking about
John Cleese I've done a couple of
reports on him he's been amazing calling
out the press big time it's the old
school comedians who really get it and
the new comedians are just well
pandering they're not even funny but
finally finally it looks like bozo Boris
Johnson's gonna have to face diversity
training seriously so the son wrote
about this they said Boris Johnson could
be told to go on a diversity training
course rather than be chucked out of the
party over his burka comments the ex
foreign secretary is not likely to have
the whip withdrawn from him and is set
to get told to attend a course instead
something tells me this isn't going the
way that the Conservative Party wants
they're going to send him on a course
basically the equivalent of a driving
course if you've been caught going 35
and a 30 and in the hope that Boris is
going to change his ways and learn his
lesson I mean come on
really they think Boris is gonna go away
and suddenly come out loving the burka
you know Boris hasn't really got how
much of a problem with the burka anyway
he doesn't want to ban the thing you
just don't want to talk about the
affects of Islamic immigration isn't
really not all that great but the more
the Tory party does this the more Tereza
made condemned and that fact that
they're sending him on a crash course in
diversity is basically just paving his
way to becoming Prime Minister if I'm
honest if Tereza may wanted Boris
Johnson to replace her this would be the
way to do it if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
