people are making love to the earth the
mayor of Philadelphia enables child rape
and the LA mayor weighs in on removing
Trump's star all of those stories today
on the rebel buzz I love stories like
this because it shows how mentally
challenged much of the left is eco
sexuality yes that is a thing in fact it
is the e that was added to LGBTQ qai
i√µll la e as I started researching this
topic it emerged that this movement is
big in Australia which actually kind of
bumped me out because I was thinking
gang this really sounds like something
that people in LA would do thankfully
you lovable liberal idiots did not let
me down thank you thank you thank you
because the ego sexual movement has
indeed come to the US as well but over
in the land down under in Sydney the
movement began a few years ago with an
art installation slash festival and two
creative folks utilizing a bathhouse for
what they described as a no-holds-barred
extravagance and meant to dissolve the
barriers between species as we defend
descend into oblivion as the result of
our alleged climate crisis occurs being
eco sexual can describe a broad range of
people on one end it's people who like
to hike nude or use eco friendly sex
toys like pine cones and poison ivy
just kidding like organic Lube I guess
but I'm sorry how is hiking nude going
to help the environment and it's
definitely not helping other people
because it is always the last people you
ever want to see naked who are prancing
around in their birthday suit you see
pictures from these nudist compounds and
as always the palest blobby estilo were
you so pale you live outdoors and you're
naked all the time in the Sun how do you
have such little melanin rising to the
surface of your epidermis it defies
logic truly anyway I decided to allow
myself to go down this Eco sex rabbit
hole eco sex rabbit hole get it sorry I
went down this eco sex rabbit hole and
found sex ecology org which publishes
eco sex manifesto so
let's take a look at their literature
ego sex manifesto articles 1 & 2 state
this and I'm going to try to get through
this without laughing
the earth is our lover we are madly
passionately and fiercely in love and we
are grateful for this relationship each
and every day in order to create a more
mutual and sustainable relationship with
the earth we collaborate with nature we
treat the earth with kindness respect
and affection we are aqua files Terra
files Pyrrha files out and aro files we
shamelessly hug trees massage the earth
with our feet and talk ironically to
plants we are skinny dipper sun
worshippers and stargazers we caress
rocks our pleasured by waterfalls and
admire the Earth's curves often we make
love with the earth through our senses
we celebrate our East spots we are very
dirty
indeed you are very dirty and it's
rubbing off on me I feel like I need a
shower like I just caught my neighbor's
doing it on their patio or something so
that's another end of the spectrum and
from the original reporting which claims
that they are also people who roll
around in the dirt having an orgasm
covered in potting soil I hope that
they're aware that a lot of potting soil
contains compost fungus pathogens and
animal fecal matter
aka fertilizer dung I'm all for being
eco-friendly I recycle but even
recycling is getting a little absurd you
walk up to a cluster of trash cans
consisting of umpteen different barrels
for different materials and it's like
seriously you want me to recycle you
sort it out ok but eco sexuality is
where I draw the line also you guys if
you ever go out on a date with a liberal
and they tell you they'd like to get a
little dirty
you should enquire beforehand exactly
what they mean do you remember a few
months ago when Philadelphia Mayor James
Kennedy made an absolute fool of himself
with his pathetic little jig after a
judge ruled in favor of its sanctuary
city status now I joked that the only
time a man his age should dance like
that is after he has married off his
last daughter unfortunately this is no
longer a laughing matter and an
opportunity to mock this fool sadly it's
more proof the sanctuary city policies
are not only
go they're costing lives like in the
case of Kate Steinle and promoting
horrific crimes Philadelphia only
recently was favored in a court to
become a sanctuary city but they have
been defying federal immigration laws
for years Juan Raymond Vasquez is an
illegal immigrant from Honduras he was
previously deported back in 2009 but
shocker of shockers he came back in the
spring of 2014 and was again taken into
custody by US Immigration and Customs
Enforcement Philadelphia decided it
would be a grand idea to drop the
charges and ignore an order from ice to
detain him so he was released yet again
in 2015 and was yet again rearrested and
convicted on one count of child rape and
one count of unlawful sexual contact
with a minor the end of last month the
spineless leaders of Philadelphia
announced that once their law sharing
deal with ice expires the end of August
they will not renew it it was an
arrangement to share real-time arrest
information with ice but without it no
doubt we will see many more crimes like
this in repetition it's the nature of
recidivism and the root of our
immigration issues if you don't enforce
laws they will keep coming and keep
getting sent home or left alone to stay
then they'll keep coming and committing
crimes and keep getting slaps on the
wrist from sanctuary cities it is a
vicious cycle that has to stop all right
to close us out for the rebel bus today
I'm happy to report that here in Los
Angeles we have yet another city
official confirming that President
Donald Trump star on the Walk of Fame
will not be removed I normally wouldn't
really consider a word coming from this
man's mouth to be credible but he is the
mayor now why don't I give any credence
to Mayor Eric Garcetti --zz words well
because he is a deplorable mayor and I
don't mean that in the positive sense la
has been suffering for a while but it
has sunk lower than the LA basin since
this guy took office Los Angeles looks
like a third-world country in many parts
of the city but not if you look at rent
prices my building is rent control
fortunately but when the guy beneath me
moved out and new tenants were checking
out the apartment I noticed on the flyer
that they had
the rent - $2,100 now let me put this in
perspective for you
it's four hundred and fifty square feet
doesn't have central heating or air no
washer and dryer in the unit no security
for the building which we're in
Hollywood so that's absolutely idiotic
and it's second floor with no view and
only one side of the building has
windows so your only hope for sunlight
is squeezing through some trees twenty
one freaking hundred dollars so rent is
exorbitant crime is rampant breathing
our city's air is literally dangerous to
your health and yeah you really gain
capital of the world with forty five
thousand gang members in Central LA but
let's express our righteous indignation
over Donald Trump having a star on the
boulevard it's actually quite poetic
allocating emotional resources to things
that don't matter like the star just
like our city allocating financial and
legislative resources to things that
don't matter like plastic straws anyway
TMZ's camera crew caught up with the
mayor and asked him if he thought the
star should be removed and he said this
look I think we should be focused less
on sidewalk brawls and more on replacing
a congress that enables him right we put
our energy in you know every moment
we're out there fighting these fights or
just on our twitter feed our moments we
could be registering voters and actually
flipping this Congress and that's where
I got to spend my energy I know you
called it a sidewalk side show what
exactly is the side show look this whole
politics has turned into a circus and
it's back and forth the more we get
trapped into playing their games of
yelling back and forth and symbolic
gestures I'm into real work then right
now he's
doing bad things but it's with the
environment the fires we have whether
it's immigrants whether it's for our
economy this is somebody who we need to
make sure November we send a message to
but the West Hollywood City Council is
going to send you a letter for
consideration and they voted to remove
they're my friends and they're the
neighbouring area but we're Hollywood
well yeah well what is your decision
gonna be or your recommendation we don't
have jurisdiction there that's something
it's a historic cultural monument so
like it or hate it you know it's there
to stay I'm gonna make sure I send a
stronger message than a star we're gonna
replace some of his friends in Congress
so you're not gonna recommend that they
remove it but we can't that's something
that's protected by the historic
cultural monument you know what so if
you're a trump supporter that's some
good news going into the weekend yay
thanks for watching everybody I'm Amanda
Han the Hollywood conservative for the
rebel if you enjoyed my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebels subscribe to our premium
content at www.affordablecomm.com and
ahead for the rebel
