making out sleeping with and dating
multiple partners at the same time while
on a dating reality TV show has become
the height of American television
culture but the second you like a
conservative meme on Instagram be ready
to take that Game of Thrones walk of
shame for your abhorrent and careless
behavior former contestant and open
activist Ashley Spivey called out ABC
saying that need to crack down on the
kind of people they allow on the show
clearly there are some standards that
must be set I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood Bachelorette Beca cuff Rijn
went through a rollercoaster sifting
through suitors to finally and
emotionally choose Garrett over all
others however thank goodness former
contestant Trump deranged self-righteous
Ashley Spivey was there to tell Becca
she doesn't know Garrett like she does
after a deep dive on Instagram Ashley
found memes that Garrett had liked and
berated ABC for not vetting the
contestants to her own sanctimonious
standards saying quote can we do a
better job of social media deep dives on
the dudes that try out for the
Bachelorette f.y douchebags we can see
your likes unquote in an interview at
The Huffington Post Ashley said quote my
first reaction was I thought they were
disgusting
after which Garrett was forced to delete
his Instagram and apologize to the world
but that just hasn't been good enough
first off I'm not sure of ABC or the
show that takes time to intentionally
make someone's choice of virginity the
drama focal point and controversy of
multiple episodes in a season if they
should be the ones to determine what is
acceptable for contestants but moreover
I'm glad you Ashley Spivey feel like you
speak for all women across the country
of what kind of men humor values beliefs
they want to see on their favorite TV
show and what is acceptable as usually
leftist activist thinks the entire
universe revolves around them so Ashley
Spivey let's not just look at things you
think may be funny but rather what you
said before you decide to publicly shame
this guy your profile headline is
looking to extend my 15 minutes of fame
by making controversial tweets and then
arguing with trolls all night that
sounds about right
you also said white women behaving badly
at nail salons would be an amazing
reality TV show and also in addition to
banning men can we ban privileged white
blonde women who pander so hard to the
conservative base
they have lost their effing minds as
well as multiple tweets chastising white
people for a parent privilege well I
think Ashley Spivey should check her
liberal privilege because in these
tweets if the word white was replaced
with black Mexican energy her account
would be blocked from Twitter just like
what happened with Candace Owens when
she called out this hypocrisy well all
that said let's look at the memes from
Garrett and see if I would pass this
vetting process but I mean pretty solid
meme I would definitely like this one uh
yeah I think I would like this because I
do think Glen coffee is way more of an
American hero than Colin Kapernick this
is great I feel like I would follow this
guy on Instagram I'm not sure this is a
meme or a photo taken from a text book
because it's so accurate yeah that's a
solid meme I definitely liked that one
as someone who lives in California this
is 100% accurate okay now this is a
spicy meme funny but I'm not sure if I
would like it so did I pass the test
would I be acceptable on the
bachelor/bachelorette
let me give out a few advice roses first
to Ashleigh Spivey continue to follow
your dreams of becoming relevant and
please continue to act like you've been
elected to be the country's hall monitor
for what is funny moral and acceptable
thank you for making conservatives look
so good and to Garrett and to all the
guys on these shows be brave enough to
tell the truth to tell the truth about
what do you believe in say yes I think
that is funny do you think Kathy
Griffin's decapitated Trump head was
funny or Samantha be telling Ivanka
Trump that she's a feckless c-word and
suggest that Ivanka should seduce her
father do you think that was funny okay
great take a chill pill and to ABC I say
don't listen to the screeching lunatics
listen to your fans you know the people
that make up most of your viewers and
finally to you the viewers in situations
like these with TV shows or the NFL or
whatever you are the actual bachelors
and bachelorettes you get to choose who
makes it to the next round by turning on
or off the television let's wait and see
what kind of vetting process ABC and
acts and see if they get your rose I'm
Ben Davies this is pure olive oil and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
