if you looked at it and somebody didn't
know anything about it
and somebody said okay here's all the
here's all the cute stuff there's this
magical guy and he knows everything it
communicates in these weird ciphers okay
these these weird you know ambiguous
statements that everybody can read
things into and then that's that's how
he communicates I mean he doesn't just
say something it gives you hints pieces
of the puzzle okay no one gives you
pieces of the puzzle all right the world
is not the was it the da Vinci Code okay
people don't communicate to you in these
weird cryptic you know Sudokus where
where where you've got to put the pieces
together you know people communicate
they say it okay if he wants to tell you
acts it's I'm pretty certain he tell you
acts why wouldn't he oh well it's got to
be mysterious why because a plot is this
a movie do you need is this a script
does he want to heighten the drama
that's just dumb it's silly it's wish
fulfillment I just don't buy it no some
people thought that we you know yeah why
you Oh Q's gonna reveal all all
everything and then then you're gonna be
sorry I won't be sorry I'd be glad I'd
be psyched I'd be like oh my gosh I was
totally wrong this magical being came
out of nowhere and through his mystical
powers somehow undid the liberal
nightmare that we're facing you know me
like a sucker I thought we'd have to
fight it the normal way through politics
and commitment and hard work but really
there was this magic wand that could be
waved and everything could be better
I would freaking love that I would be
like I was so wrong and I'm so happy
about it
you
