more bad news for Sadiq Khan's Londoners
moped crime continues to soar and a
refugee living in London is charged with
sexually assaulting an 11 year old in a
McDonald's
today I'm bringing you yet another
little update on all the lovely things
that are happening in London I'm sure
there's lots of lovely cultural things
going on in museums and stuff but the
stuff that's really worth talking about
the stuff that you've come here to hear
about is really depressing I know I'm
probably one of the most depressing
people on the internet cos this is all I
talk about is the terrible things going
on in England but there's so much
there's so much and today I've just
chosen two stories just to show you that
nothing is changing Sadiq Khan can go on
the television and say that he's doing
the best he can for London that the
Tories are doing everything wrong but
meanwhile London's descending into chaos
so new data that's been obtained by the
time shows that the police are failing
to solve 97% of moped crime in London if
you don't know already moped crime is
where people jump on a moped they drive
around the city and they grab phones
from people and they steal stuff from
people and just drive away never to be
seen again
is there amazing actually that London
being one of the most heavily watched
cities in the world I think it's
actually the most heavily watched city
in the world with regards to CCTV
England's certainly the most heavily
watch place in the world but isn't it
amazing with all that they still can't
catch these people 97% of moped crime in
London goes on solve so these people who
go out committing these crimes are
probably making a crap ton of money
taking the iPhones every day taking
wallets takin electronics whatever
flogging it selling it so God knows
we're making a crapload of money and
there's a through only a 3 percent 3
percent chance of getting caught it's
crazy
so moped crime is on the up and The
Times explains about this they said
moped crime in the capital peaked last
year when there were two thousand five
hundred and ninety three reports in July
alone but has been falling since the
detection rate began to rise again in
April and they may this year when
officers sold four point seven percent
of 2436 offences in 2014-2015 there were
1733 offences the detection rate which
relates to offenses that a result
through a sanction was then 6.8%
cressida dick the Metropolitan Police
Commissioner introduced new measures
last October and middle arm about the
increased use of mopeds and motorcycles
to commit robberies boring stuff it's
going up and down but it's still soaring
it's still increasing and the
action rate is getting no better at all
we've seen their 6.8% of 4.7% I mean
this is crap this is rubbish you know
the police should be doing their jobs
and they can't because they're probably
out at a game pride march but not only
that by the way I read today they're in
London or at least in Southend actually
a refugee living in London in Southend
sexually assaulted an 11-year old boy
in a McDonald's I know I only reported
yesterday on another story of a refugee
in whole raping one woman and sexually
assaulting another if you haven't seen
that video already please go and check
it out it's it's terrible I know you
hate reading this stuff I hate reading
this stuff but we've got to know about
it the incident happened in the Southend
High Street McDonald's the man was a
Turkish refugee once it's gonna end one
of the politicians going to accept that
maybe actually not every single one of
these people coming into the country as
a refugee is telling the truth and not
every single one of them is a genuine
victim and not every single one of them
is a lovely person just trying to escape
war I know it's heartbreaking
it's heartbreaking to see people
struggle but when we're faced with a
threat like this and when we see real
results real results of importing so
many people literally rape murder sexual
assault violence British people do
enough of that already why would we want
to import more and why would we want to
import so many people when we already
know that Isis has told us that they've
infiltrated these streams of migrants
moving across the continent into into
Europe into the UK they've told us and
we're taking the money anyway diversity
is our strength we're told diversity is
our strength
I guess maybe London just needs to
become more diverse if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to Like and subscribe
you
