today is the sixth and final installment
of my ongoing investigation into what
happened when Justin Trudeau housed
Syrian migrants in Canadian hotels today
I'm going to show you how the government
their interpreters and they're paid
on-site monitors handled the task of
dealing with the migrants over the
course of this week and last I've shown
you what happened in the hotels that
Canadian taxpayers paid for after Justin
Trudeau met his virtue signaling goal of
50,000 Syrian refugees brought into the
country before the end of 2015 now
through access to information documents
I've shown you the physical destruction
done to these hotels I've shown you the
disrespect and even the sexual
harassment committed against hotel staff
by the Syrian refugees I've shown you
the child neglect and the sex
segregation in the hotel swimming pools
I've shown you how the Syrians quite
literally through Canadian generosity
into the garbage because it wasn't good
enough for them and today I'm going to
show you how the Canadian government and
their on-site monitors in the hotel's
handled all of this which is to say they
didn't really at all quite literally it
was reported that oftentimes they were
asleep on the job let's get right back
into these access to information
documents here is a flabbergasted email
from one hotel manager to the federal
government this manager is livid and
even though the email has been heavily
redacted in places you can put together
that the on-site government monitor has
been interfering with the work the hotel
is trying to do the email says I'm sorry
but this is Canada and if we were to
visit Syria we would be served Syrian
food if we went to Mexico would be
Mexican food this morning a room has two
toasters in the room I'm assuming
because they are toasting the bread name
redacted has given them how did
get this toaster does name redacted not
realize that if they die of allergic
reaction and the media gets a hold that
would be a great story we are a
professional organization and we have
rules to follow he needs to understand
that and not tell my team how to run the
hotel because he is confusing personal
feelings with professional feelings the
email goes on and on it says it's hard
to see refugees waste food when so many
have none when name redacted but again
this is clearly referring to the on-site
government monitor is on site he
disregards our mealtimes can you also
confirm if name redacted is supposed to
eat meals here because no one is paying
for their meals this poor manager goes
on to say that the Syrian refugees are
being treated like royalty and I quote
because our hotel is about service we
have not discredited our service because
they are refugees we believe all guests
are treated equal this treatment they
won't get in other hotels my staff have
brought toys and coloring books from
their own pockets for the children
they've tried to understand their
situation and make this a lasting
impression for the first visit to Canada
all I ask is that name redacted again
this is the on-site government monitor
do their jobs translate and coordinate
mealtimes explain hotel rules and not do
their jobs because of their personal
feelings at the end of the day we have
regular business to operate and regular
hotel guests who should be having a good
impression my concerns are also of
health and safety can you send us the
responsibility of the name redacted
again this is the on-site government
monitors please because they are not on
vacation when they are here to eat and
watch TV in the rooms while my staff do
all their work so the on-site government
monitors who are there to facilitate and
manage the refugees in these hotels are
not doing their jobs they're laying
about like they're on vacation eating
food and not paying
for it and even facilitating the bad
behavior of the refugees in the rooms
this email here says that there have
been no payments made to date and the
hotel would rather cancel the contract
then take refugee groups again for long
stays in this internal government email
they talked about 43 incident reports 41
from Montreal and 2 from Toronto with an
estimated total compensation for those
additional incidents at thirty three and
a half thousand dollars and then there
was a whole swath of things that the
government didn't bother to compensate
the hotels for including any damage in
the common area extra in host cleaning
and maintenance and claims of items
taken from the hotel rooms the
government also refused to pay for any
of the times that the fire department
had to come out to the hotels because
the refugees pulled the fire alarm the
government also refused to pay for
elevator damage done by the refugees but
they did pay for something called a
fishpond incident or incidents but I
couldn't find out what these refugees
had done to or in that fishpond that we
all had to pay for and in this
astounding final email chain to
government bureaucrats are talking
amongst themselves about the problems at
the hotels one hotel has been
complaining that they've had to find
alternative accommodations for their
guests because of customer complaints
about fears for their safety the other
bureaucrat replies that the hotel has
had significant complaints as had others
it also says that we can see complaints
on TripAdvisor across all of the hotels
the bureaucrat says they'll be looking
to provide positive reviews to hopefully
offset these negative comments this is
unbelievable this is to government
bureaucrats literally talking about
planting fake news and fake reviews to
mislead the public about the conditions
the public is about to spend their
hard-earned
on when they booked a hotel room the
government is going to pay someone to
plant lie so that when you check into a
hotel with your family you have no idea
that it's a migrant camp a dangerous
dirty sexually charged migrant camp the
government lied to the public and they
use TripAdvisor to do it they damaged
the trust that people have in
TripAdvisor but I don't think they could
damage the trust that we have in the
government any more than they already
have
what's chilling about my ongoing
investigation is that using hotels as
migrant shelters has now become a
permanent solution to deal with the
migrant crisis created by illegal asylum
seekers walking across our southern
border to take advantage of an
immigration loophole this is not a
solution to an immigration problem it is
just shuffling the cards and we have
just learned that we can't trust
TripAdvisor because the government is
planting fake news in TripAdvisor to
mislead all of us we are being lied to
to see all of my stories in my quest to
bring you the truth about the Syrian
refugees in Canadian hotels go to
refugee investigation calm for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunn read to see the
whole six-part investigative series into
the Liberals housing migrants and
Canadian hotels go to refugee
investigation comm and while you're
there if you can help pitching to cover
the costs of getting access to these
exclusive documents you can do that too
at refugee investigation calm
you
