it's rare to get a movie out there with
conservative values much less one
directed by a top-notch talent and led
by a Hollywood a-list star well
sometimes lightning does strike twice
and maybe once CNN wasn't completely
biased in their coverage of
conservatives okay that last one was
impossible but the movie duo of Peter
Berg and Mark Wahlberg is actually a
real thing and have made some great
movies together and their new movie
comes out this month I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood
I want to be clear that this duo has
never actually come out publicly and
claimed a political affiliation and that
really doesn't matter to me because
their movie quality and audience love
for these films speak for themselves but
still doesn't speak as loudly as the
critics that oppose them and why they do
but there are two things that set these
movies apart from the pack story and
dialogue take lone survivor for example
based on the true story of Mark Luttrell
who is the only survivor a mission gone
wrong as he died next to many of his
brothers and arms as well as the crew
sent to rescue him and of course he was
attacked by places like salon for being
pro war propaganda but look at this
interview with Jake Tapper at CNN and
the tough questions don't fly when you
frame an interview like this check it
out they start this off with Mark
Wahlberg there's some buzz Wahlberg may
be up for his third Oscar nomination for
this role yet more recognition for a
wild showbusiness career that launched
as a rapper roles along the way as a
boxer and a porn star tapper make sure
to paint the picture of a Hollywood star
trying to use this to prop up his own
career taking advantage of a situation
that should never be talked about and of
course he makes it clear that he's not
sure about the message of the movie
because he doesn't know how he feels
about the war in Iraq and I was torn
about the message of the film in the
same way that I think I am about the war
in Afghanistan itself I don't want any
more senseless American death and then
he has the nerve to imply to Luttrell's
face that his friends died for nothing
because he disagrees with george w bush
forgot hopelessness just is just just
the sense of all these wonderful people
who died it seemed senseless I don't
mean to disrespect in any way but it
seems senseless all these wonderful
people who were killed for for an off
that went wrong we spend our whole lives
trained to defend this country and then
we were sitting over there by this
country so you're telling me that
because we were over there doing we were
told by our country that it was
senseless and my dies what they died for
nothing no I'm not saying that no that's
what you said unbelievable and then take
Patriots day the incredible horrifying
true story of the Islamic terror attacks
on innocent civilians
at the Boston City Marathon The
Washington Times led historian said
quote critics pan patriots day for
betraying America as good and terrorists
as evil oh my gosh how dare they
at least to an article from none other
than BuzzFeed entitled patriots days the
first movie of trumps America you know
just slandering the amazing Americans
that track down these horrible
terrorists that were trying to kill
innocent civilians how dare Mark
Wahlberg and Peter Berg tell this story
and then comes Deepwater Horizon which
Rolling Stone went on to say Deepwater
Horizon Sully and the rise the Neill
patriotic blockbusters oh my goodness
so basically the through lunch all these
movies that are fantastic all great
individual films what is the critique of
them other pro-american and brace
yourself I know this is tough for all
the mainstream media outlets they tell
true stories at least as true as you can
get in a movie of course go to history
verse hollywood.com to look into each
one of these awesome awesome films but
they had to slam to you the most
ridiculous critiques it means you're
probably on the right track and what's
so great about this team duo is that
when you're unafraid of the media
backlash you can tell these realistic
awesome true understandable stories that
are fantastic on screen rather than
listen to these hysterical vultures who
will still complain even in a movie like
Black Panther for not having LGBT
inclusive characters no I'm not joking
that was really a complaint levied at
Black Panther but what I love most about
these films that mark and Peter do
together are the characters and it goes
into their dialogue which is a
through-line in all of these films all
of them are so believable real and
ground and entertaining to watch because
they feel real the scenes don't just
stop because they're trying to force in
some point none of the characters feel
like mouthpieces for a political agenda
they're all real we're all grounded
that's what makes them so great to watch
and I so hope Mark Wahlberg and Peter
Berg continue this in the next movie
mile 22 coming out this month I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
alright so if you enjoyed that video
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
