well hooray for Denmark not only does
this nation have a facemask ban in place
but unlike some other countries with
similar laws that would appear that
Denmark is actually serious about
enforcing this prohibition
last week Danis police did what they are
supposed to do they enforce the law
normally stating something so benign
would be about as newsworthy as
reporting oh I don't know that there's
an excess of saltwater in the Pacific
but because this arrest involved an
aspect of Islamic culture well it was
time for the usual suspects to break
into a fevered sweat here's the deal in
May Denmark's Parliament approved its
anti facemask law which more or less
targets the burqa and the niqab and on
August 1st the Danish law came into
effect and a few days later police were
called to a shopping center north of
Copenhagen regarding a 28 year old woman
who was wearing the Islamic face
concealing veil she was told to either
remove it or leave the public space she
chose the latter but not before she was
informed she'd be receiving a fine in
the mail for one thousand kronor or
about two hundred Canadian dollars now
it's heartwarming to see Danes take back
their country and take a stand against
cultural suicide after all I had deep
concerns that like some other nations
with burqa and niqab bans Denmark
wouldn't be serious about the actual
enforcement of such a ban my fear that
Denmark was going to wimp out on
actually charging violators goes back to
a photograph published a while back here
it is folks reproduced in The Guardian
now as you can see a Muslim protester
who is going to coo for cocoa puffs
about the incoming new law is tearfully
hugging a police officer it's really a
stunning image the idea that a member of
law enforcement would hug a person who
is openly showing her disapproval for an
upcoming law of the land why wasn't this
police officer suspended by the way I
mean if she's going to side with those
who will soon be carrying out criminal
acts then that is both egregious and
unethical in any event I may have been
too quick to judge as the police last
week issued a fine to the Muslim woman
who was flagrantly disobeying the new
facemask law oh and how I
relish it if our great Dominion as
opposed to just Quebec followed the
Danes lead and bend this hideous
haberdashery from the public square to
hey you want to wear such a costume at
home okay or at the mosque
no problem fine by me you want to go out
in public as though it's Halloween 365
days a year sorry honey you're in a
western nation with Western values
indeed Danish justice minister Soren
pate pulls and has previously noted
quote it is incompatible with the values
in Danish society and disrespectful to
the community to keep one's face hidden
when meeting each other in public spaces
end quote
and you know he's right my fundamental
issue we're not being able to recognize
someone in public is that it goes
against one of the freedoms we so
cherish in the West the reason why we
don't have checkpoints at every
intersection where guards demanding our
identification papers is that we can all
freely identify one another given that
we are not covering our faces if one
person wears a facial concealment that
person will enjoy an inherent advantage
should there be any altercation little
wonder by the way that in recent years
we have seen numerous stories of males
carrying out crimes while donned in
burkas a politically correct method of
hiding in plain sight as well please
spare me any of the do-rag or cultural
sensitivity claptrap that is so inherent
to this issue many Islamic scholars
argue that there's nothing in fact in
the Quran that dictates Muslim females
must wear such garb and even if there
were such a mandate I would point to the
fact that Denmark follows Danish law not
Sharia law but already the predictable
cries of Islamophobia are emanating from
the Islamists and their ever so useful
idiots in the media party in fact check
out this article by Seagal Samuel in the
Atlantic in condemning the Danish law
Samuel interviews Sabina a 21 year old
Muslim who lives in Copenhagen and wears
the niqab says Sabina quote the niqab
a huge part of my identity end quote Wow
poor miss Samuel she fails to comprehend
the perverse irony of that statement
that a shroud like fabric making sabina
unidentifiable is actually a huge part
of her identity yeah you have come a
long way baby entombed yourself by
making yourself less human and more
invisible and somehow this is part and
parcel of an identity worth praising
what a couple of coot
sorry but as former french President
Nicolas Sarkozy once a pint on this
issue quote it is a question of freedom
and of women's dignity the burqa is not
a religious sign it is a sign of the
subjugation of the submission of woman
end quote how odd that a man makes such
a statement whereas the Atlantic's a gal
Samuel who I shall presume is a feminist
chickens out when it comes to going to
bat for The Sisterhood for I don't know
if you're being called culturally
insensitive nice in the final analysis
the law is the law
it takes your chances you pay the
consequences in other words when it
comes to clothing choices in countries
such as Denmark drop the stylized glad
garbage bag and embrace that old adage
of When in Rome or as the case may be
when in Copenhagen for the rebel media
I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies hey
folks the Breville has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
