antarians band down the hatches lock up
your daughters and if you have a nuclear
fallout shelter in the backyard hunker
down no a zombie apocalypse isn't headed
your way rather come Labor Day weekend
beer price at a buck a bottle will once
again be legal in Ontario ho ho the
horror the horror
well par for the course newly-minted
Ontario Premier Doug Ford is fulfilling
yet another promise he made on the
election circuit namely come Labor Day
weekend it will once again be legal to
sell beer for a buck a bottle in Ontario
can you believe it
this was actually prohibited under the
nanny status who made up the win
liberals a party that seemed to channel
its alcohol policy via those matrons
running the women's Christian Temperance
Union it's also embarrassing really
and only in Canada would one come across
the very idea of the state implementing
laws to keep cheap beer or more
accurately reasonably priced beer out of
the hands of its citizens but in realms
like Ontario alcohol is price in
accordance to something called wait for
it
the non-discriminatory reference price
the end erp is bureaucrat e's for
minimum floor price yeah I know why
don't they just call it a minimum for
price a incredible anyway the sensible
reason of having a minimum floor price
which an interior is currently a dollar
25 per bottle of beer dovetails into the
government's rationale as to why it
should operate a virtual monopoly when
it comes to booze sales and that
rationale is something called social
responsibility which is yet more
bureaucrat ease that translates into the
following only government not the
private sector can be entrusted to sell
a product that is potentially dangerous
if misused is anyone buying that alas
part and parcel of social responsibility
means charging high prices for beer wine
and liquor
because the theory goes if the great
unwashed masses are allowed to drink
cheap booze then they'll blow juniors
milk money on alcohol and descend into a
permanent state of drunkenness maybe
even get behind the wheel of a car in an
inebriated state oh the anarchy that
awaits should buddy be allowed to buy a
Budweiser for a buck yeah that's the
extensible policy reason but perhaps the
real reason for expensive hooch is no
doubt to virtue signal and of course to
make more tax revenue off the stuff hey
gotta pay for that bureaucracy and the
salaries of those toiling and the public
sector unions somehow you know besides
monopolies by their very nature tend to
be abusive
but premier Ford who comes from a
business background is obviously more
attuned to the ways in which the
free-market economy works so if a brewer
can indeed make a profit by pricing the
beer at a buck a bottle then why should
government stand in his way
and maybe just maybe the people of
Ontario can act in a responsible enough
fashion when it comes to purchasing beer
that is price less than a dollar 25 for
bottle alas the usual suspects on the
progressive side will no doubt spin this
discount as a wicked thing in fact is
there an over-under line in terms of
when the first lefty will chastise Doug
Ford for being oh I don't know racist
for charging beer at a buck a bottle hey
these days in Ontario everything from
trimming city council to wearing a
bulletproof vest is racist I'm sure
there's some way to play the race card
here when it comes to cheap beer - and
then meantime I think I need a drink
to both celebrate and drown my sorrows
for the rebel dog media I'm David the
men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a brand new app please download that
app and take the rabble with you
wherever you go
