the knives are out for Boris Johnson
over his relatively mild burka comments
Boris Johnson is in trouble again this
time for saying the people who were
burkas either look like bank robbers or
letterboxes and of course people are
clutching their pearls and getting all
offended the Prime Minister's been out
condemning it and all this and
everyone's going crazy as if it's not
something they haven't heard a million
times before is that not something that
pretty much everyone has said at some
point in the UK but you know he didn't
even say by the way that he we should
ban the burqa he didn't suggest banning
you he just said that people look a bit
crazy wearing it The Guardian reported
on this story today and they said
pressure on Boris Johnson over his
controversial remarks about women in
burkas is mounting across the
Conservative Party a day after the
former Foreign Secretary was rebuked by
Theresa May a conservative peer said
Johnson's should have the wit withdrawn
while a cabinet member called on him to
retract his words and use language more
carefully as the rouse started by the
man seen as a possible party reader
continued into a third day the Prime
Minister criticized Johnson over his
claim that Muslim women in burkas
resemble letter boxes and bank robbers
urging him to apologize after he defied
an order to do so by tory chiefs so
people are telling him choose your words
more carefully as if he didn't purposely
choose those words right I mean
obviously he spent time writing those
words that's what he means and I don't
see what the point would be in
apologizing now because he obviously
means it nobody's ever gonna believe him
if he said he didn't mean it when he
specifically chose those words and also
with all this pearl clutching you know
loads of people I think of the
politicians really gonna say that
they've never heard this before and
they're gonna say that this doesn't you
know the the idea that someone could say
this is so a fact loads of people have
said this people have been making the
letterbox joke for years and even Emily
Thornbury who famously mocked the
English working class with that tweet of
the English flag if you remember that
even she back in around 2013 on question
time said that she wouldn't let a woman
in a burqa look after her aging mother
or her son there was only five years ago
people were talking like this so spare
me the pearl coaching but here's the
thing the real reason why the knives are
out for boris is because he's
potentially a new Tory Party leader I
think Boris is positioning himself as a
more moderate
version of the populace in Europe he'll
talk about certain issues but he won't
actually you know act on them or make
any changes so the burqa jibe for
instance he isn't willing to do anything
about it he'll talk about it right up
the public and make him seem like a a
man of the people but he's not
suggesting any kind of policy change to
deal with it
but I'll say as well that there's a
reason Boris is not apologizing it's a
step towards a leadership challenge the
Tories aren't exactly popular right now
but Boris is positioning himself as an
outsider if he wants the Tories to come
back he's got to position himself as an
outsider as a begs a tear as a man of
the people and I think that's what he's
trying to do is all very clever and he's
allowing the Tories to attack him by the
way so he looks like that outsider but
then you know the issue is whether these
people will end up voting for him but
anyway I suspect he'll probably wait
until after March after the brexit deal
but you never know he might step in and
challenge me before then in order to try
and change the outcome of the deal with
the European Union but well I don't know
how he's gonna do that with such little
time left now as I say the question is
whether the Tory Party would support him
if he ran but I mean I think if the
pulse one swing towards boris enough
Tory members of parliament might just
get behind him because they know at
least maybe the Tories will get back
into government so sure Boris said
something that was on PC about the burqa
that doesn't make him a great hope or a
savior I think it's important for people
to remember that don't trust the Tories
you know remember the Choi's that are
responsible for a crackdown and freedom
of speech the Tories responsible for the
snoopers charter and they constantly
demonized those of us who have actually
talked about authoritarian religious
ideologies and the oppression of women
under certain ideologies notice my
clever use of language here and by the
way this isn't just a discussion this is
one final point that I want to make this
isn't a discussion about telling women
what to wear it never has been about
telling people what to wear it's about
well it's about ensuring that women can
put what they want to work putting a
black polyester bag over a lovely outfit
is not liberation by any stretch of the
imagination if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to download our app on the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store and
and subscribe
you
