andrew is it not the case that John Tory
is really just asking Justin Trudeau Ted
to double ban the gun to triple ban them
and if there's more murderers will
quadruple ban them I mean is that he's
just asking for more laws that don't
seem to be working yeah and I think that
when you look at people like John Tory
and a lot of the other gun grabbers we
have in office right now they already
want the ban they're just looking for
any place they can apply it and advocate
for it and that comment that John Tory
made where he said you know guns are the
problem here and made that famous line
why does anyone need a gun that was
about 12 hours after the Danforth out
shooting I mean the bodies weren't even
cold yet and John Tory was getting up
there saying you know we need to have a
gun gun control discussion and then City
Council in Toronto voted to ban the sale
of handguns and ammunition except they
don't actually have the authority to do
that they can only ask the federal and
provincial governments to regulate it
but let's say that the city got their
way John Tory got his way the one gun
store in Toronto there's only one that's
the ultimate amusing part of this the
one gun store in Toronto gets shut down
it wouldn't have changed anything the
gun that Faisal Husseini used by several
reports was an illegal gun it was
illegally owned it was illegally
acquired and as you mentioned Ezra was
illegally used so there is no law that
would have prevented this tragedy and
that's what the gun control advocates
always fail to understand that when
you're talking about gun crime the vast
majority of firearms especially in
Toronto which has a gang problem are
from illegal sources so they are immune
from what gun control does which is
simply impact people like me that have
gone through the steps to get a gun
legally that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levante show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
