if you tell a big enough lie and tell it
frequently enough it will be believed
who said that Adolf Hitler this quote is
a through line in Dinesh D'Souza's new
movie death of a nation a documentary
seeking answers in the current turbulent
political climate by examining both the
reoccurring cycles of history and the
rewriting and omission of it but nothing
Dinesh could have possibly said proves
his point more clearly than the critics
and what they said about it
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
basically in this documentary dinesh
d'souza goes for the juggler and then
stops his foot on the throat of the only
cards the left has and will ever have to
play deflecting and rewriting history
mainly in the forms of racism and
fascism
let's take racism okay every founding
member of the KKK all Democrats every
single person that fought in the
Confederacy all Democrats Woodrow Wilson
the Democratic president who showed
birth of a nation to his entire cabinet
at the White House a movie that is
almost solely responsible for the
rebirth of the KKK during that period
but the lie being told in history that
somehow by some miracle the hundreds of
years of these same traditions and
values flipped in the 60s okay
evidence sure there's a lot of things
said about this one of the facts of the
96 Democrats who opposed the Civil
Rights Act only two out of the 96
actually switched parties later most of
which stayed in office for decades
saying and believing the exact same
thing what a switch and the big lie of
World War two not all countries that
started war mass genocide and starvation
were leftist governments like you know
Nazi Germany in Italy and we don't like
to talk about the Soviet Union you know
they just all happen to have all state
control you know controlling you your
health care your entitlements your job
your education your speech your right to
self-preservation
you know progressivism socialism Marxism
they all sound so good until you
actually examine the tactics needed to
enforce them and really should be most
common-sense thing taught in history how
do you get an entire country to fall in
line in these socialist fascist
governments with government dependency
comes government control they control
your future and this will always be the
left and yet the lie is promulgated how
can a conservative freedom-loving
government that wants you to have all
the freedom and power possibly be
fascists or totalitarian however
thankfully these words and feelings and
emotions are just snowflakes on a grill
to the actual facts and actions when you
look back on and really nothing proves
Dinesh's points more clearly than animus
action taken by the critics who opposed
this movie and that's just the best part
that it has a zero percent on Rotten
Tomatoes critics and a ninety percent
from viewers D'Souza quotes Hitler in
one scene saying if you tell a lie
big enough and tell it frequently enough
it will be believed it's a concept
D'Souza has taken to heart death of a
nation makes it clear that the lies are
bigger than ever and we can't afford to
pretend like they're gonna stop anytime
soon and death of a nation Dinesh
D'Souza is no longer preaching to the
choir he's preaching to the mentally
unsound say a lie big enough and tell it
frequently enough and it will be
believed and these critics are living
out that Creed in real time and you know
just look at all these government's and
how they controlled their populations
and that the fact the Nazi Party was the
National Socialist Worker party how
clear does it have to be but I had to
say my favorite part of the documentary
was when Dinesh was talking about the
whiterose resistance a story of which I
learned nothing about in my time at
three different universities
it was the nonviolent resistance of
students living in Germany despite not
having freedom of speech these students
had the bravery to speak out and write
about the atrocities going on in Germany
to inspire the silent majority because
they were being silenced by the
totalitarian control under the guise of
political correctness many in this group
were captured and convicted of treason
including Sophie Scholl and for her
speech she was sentenced to death by the
guillotine when she was 21 years old and
that is one of the big takeaways from
this movie is showing what can happens
this cycle taking repeats over and over
against the exact same arguments
happening again and again after each
generation and we have to say enough I'm
not gonna believe this stupid big light
we know the history we know what happens
when you implement this and no more of
this garbage bottom line don't be afraid
to question the narrative and don't
believe the big lie and also definitely
check out death the nation in theaters
now I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood did you enjoy that video of
course you enjoyed that video so now you
need to become a Premium Member to the
rebel that way you have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
