but because it was just so much
information and and there were so many
themes that were revealing itself as I
went through all those documents
initially I started off just detailing
the physical damage that these migrants
were doing to these hotels and it wasn't
accidental stuff wasn't even stuff like
holes in walls although there was some
of that it was stuff like starting fires
in the rooms because they're drying
their clothes it was stuff like kids
riding the luggage racks around the
hotel it was urinating in the lobby
taking naps in the lobby yeah I mean it
was just so much information that I had
to break it down into a series of
investigative reports just so that I
could communicate all of it to people
and by documents you're referring to
confidential documents that we obtained
from the government through access to
information reports you know some of the
things like kids running around on a
luggage rack that's a ha ha kids will be
kids
but what you have mayhem in a hotel for
weeks and months the place is destroyed
I mean a kid running around on a luggage
rack I mean that would be irritating but
you know it's a little bit different
when Bibles are destroyed now is that
just vandalism or is that an ideological
thing let me let me read some excerpts
from some of the documents you've been
showing here it's an email from one
hotel manager good morning this is a
challenging electronic message to write
however it is essential to inform you of
the incidences that transpired here with
this group and he goes on refugees are
urinating in the lobby area said one
manager and another manager you know
children I mean lots of being lots of
hide
lots of hygiene yeah or just women
there's a lot of women who work in hotel
housekeepers from staff and you take in
people from a misogynist rape culture
and that's not gonna work I mean here's
just one line I'm free I'm just this is
from an email on February 2016 parents
are asked to stop smoking only to blow
smoke directly of the employees in
disrespect the men in particular do not
like to be asked by staff to stop and
get very upset and let me tell you one
that was a little more ominous and I'm
quoting here from one of your documents
and then I'd love for you to expand on
this there was an issue with a
housekeeper feeling intimidated by a
male client that's what these Syrian
migrants are called she was washing the
bathroom on her hands and knees and he
was standing over her staring at her the
next day a male housekeeper was sent to
clean that room but he was denied entry
as the client's wife was in the room I
don't know if there were any sexual
assaults or rapes in these hotels it
sounds like it weren't in your document
but I can only imagine what it was like
having uncovered western-style women
doing service work in these hotels and
these these misogynists Sharia
extremists migrants either looking at
them like a predator would look at a
lamb or when a male was sent at all you
can't come in the room because my
unveiled wife is in here it sounds
really gross well and we would never
really know about the things that go
unreported with the migrants and the
rest of the hotel guests because you
have to remember these hotels were also
open to regular paying customers who had
no idea when they were walking in that
they were walking into a filthy sexually
charged migrant camp courtesy of the
Canadian government that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
