Koreans industrious smart outstanding
I love Koreans they're so successful in
South Korea itself and in Canada and
America as most Asian immigrants are I
mean let's just speak candidly I know
this is stereotyping but it's positive
stereotyping Asians are great
here's an official chart by the US
Census it's from the last census in the
US couple years ago it shows income by
race it's sort of politically incorrect
to do this but leave this see that line
at the top there that red that's Asians
this is a US government charm
Asians by far are the most successful
prosperous people in America look at
that average income there and remember
that's in US dollars so tack on 25
percent or whatever for the exchange
rate the average Asian American makes
100 grand a year that is 25 percent more
than the average white American the
average asian-american I'm just quoting
from the chart here folks makes
literally more than double with the
average u.s. black makes just quoting
stats here folks now for now I'm not
interested in exploring why these
differences are my race I'm just saying
it just is and Sarah Jiang herself is
living the dream she's free she's happy
she's not under threat in North Korea
she's not starving like North Koreans
are she's welcome to reach any height in
America if she's hired by the New York
Times that's really a one-percenter job
I have no idea how much she's being paid
but it's gotta be industry-leading
Wow is she angry at America and
Americans and to be more precise at
white people and it men and at white
American men in uniform the very kind of
people who kept South Korea free by
giving up their own lives look at some
of her comments she's made over the
years just just vomiting up such deep
hatred I think it's fair to call a
diabolical let's start with her hatred
for police here's one
when homeless people can beat cops
senseless and suffer an area
repercussion let's then talk about
accountability going both ways
that's from August 2015 really that's a
little weird how about this one the
problem is not the complexity of the
internet or computers the problem is it
cops are assholes November 2015 or this
one cops will get you for anything
unless it's rape August 2014 or this one
here this is from August also 2014 cops
were shit even before broken windows
policing story to swear now is that too
nuanced here how about this one I'm
sorry I'm gonna swear fuck the police
that's what we blurred there I'm sorry I
said the word that's the F word we
blurred it Bart we don't need to blur it
I'll just tell you the word it's after
uck the police again and again you
notice a year later like she's still
giving her I could go on you get the
picture here I don't need to swear more
I'm just swearing because I want to show
you what she says about the police again
and again no once not once but again and
again but it's not just the police it's
men in general here's a weird one how
can you kill all the men without a good
vampy lipstick
what is that a joke look at that January
2014 let me let me read another one till
more men for March 2014 okay yeah all
right there you go but let's get right
to the racism okay there's gonna be more
swears here but hey if it's good enough
for the New York Times should be good
enough for all of us right here let me
be the next one I'm sorry I'm gonna
swear here dumbass fucking white people
marking up the internet with their
opinions like dogs pissing on fire
hydrants oh okay here's someone our
white people genetically predisposed to
burn faster than the Sun that's
logically being only fit to live
underground like grovelling goblins huh
that that's just weird
that's just weird here's one it's pretty
simple cancel white people oh okay
here's another one oh man it's kind of
sick how much joy I get out
being cruel to old white men you'll
notice the dates here like this is over
years ya cruel old white man like that
like the white man who died to keep
Korea free that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the yeas relevant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
