I'm its comedy being completely ruined
these Simpsons are being targeted over
the depiction of up who how are they
going to deal with this The Simpsons
beloved character Appu who runs the
kwik-e-mart is now being targeted as a
racist stereotype Fox executives say
that the creators of The Simpsons have
the freedom to handle this the way they
want the New York Post reports that Fox
Television Group chairman and CEO Dana
Walden told the TV products meeting we
have had conversations with executive
producer Jim Brooks and his team and
basically we've left it up to them
they've treated the characters with so
much respect we definitely trust them to
handle it in a way that will be best for
their show she said that she is unaware
of their plans but we all decided that
was their decision The Simpsons made a
stab at the criticisms recently when the
character Alisa said something that
started decades ago and was applauded
and inoffensive is now politically
incorrect what can you do and then a
photo of a poo appears the actor that
plays a poo says that he hopes the show
will make a change and he's willing to
step away from the role as he thinks it
is the right thing to do comedy is dead
everything has to be politically correct
and this is not what comedy is supposed
to be about it used to be about pressing
buttons pushing the limits and making
fun of stereotypes and we can all have a
laugh at it if things do not change soon
Entertainment will be boring and
laughing at politically incorrect jokes
will be a crime if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
