it looks like the EU might be willing to
compromise on the northern island border
issue so for once I'm genuinely shocked
because it looks like the EU might
actually be willing to compromise on
something that's pretty amazing isn't it
so according to the Express Michele
Barney a the chief brexit negotiator for
the EU has hinted that the EU might be
willing to compromise over the Northern
Ireland border issue so if you don't
know what's going on there or if you're
American and don't know much about this
island is split in two there's the
northern I nor than Ireland and the
Republic of Ireland Northern Ireland is
part of United Kingdom the Republic
Island is separate and in the late 90s
we signed the Good Friday Agreement and
as part of the Good Friday Agreement
which was set up to kind of avoid the
tensions in Ireland between the
Catholics the Protestants the unionists
and the nationalists as part of the Good
Friday Agreement we agreed basically to
avoid a hard border between the two
islands it's two countries but one
island and because of that we we've kind
of stuck with a bit of an issue with
Bragg's it because say we leave the
European Union and I say say we leave
because who knows if we will but when we
leave the European Union in all honesty
and we're faced with an issue because if
we don't have a border between the two
islands that means that the European
Union has an external border that's
completely unmanned this has
implications for traders got
implications for immigration you know
there's the issue of people can come
into the European Union through a
country that's particularly lacked on
its immigration rules they can wind all
the way through the European Union with
the new EU passport get themselves to
Ireland cross the border into Northern
Ireland they're technically in the UK at
that point and then just get a ferry
over to Scotland and then down from
Scotland into London and boom you're in
England it sounds complicated but really
it's a it's a pretty easy trip if you're
really looking to get to the the UK to
England so that's kind of an issue but
it looks like the EU might actually be
willing to talk about this and try and
figure it out they've been holding it
over us for a while knowing that it's
going to be a nightmare
solve but the Express reports on this
fears of a return to violence have been
raised
if the Good Friday Agreement is damaged
by the imposition of a hard border on
the island of Ireland after brags it
Brussels had suggested a solution to the
problem a common regulatory area for
goods and customs with the rest of the
EU but this is so far been rejected by
the UK as annexing Northern Ireland
however in a major breakthrough for
Britain mr. Barney a described the issue
as the biggest risk caused by brexit and
said he was ready to improve that you
use proposal he said since we will not
know what future relationship will bring
by autumn 2018 we need to have a
backstop solution in the withdrawal
agreement on EI also said that he's
willing to improve the text of the e use
proposal with the UK and he even went on
to talk about trade amazingly right he
really got out on the right side of bed
this day because he said it is possible
to respect EU principles and create a
new and ambitious partnership with the
UK so he's even being positive on trade
now either something crafty is afoot
here or somebody slip something into
Barney A's T if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
