comedian Chris Rock is in hot water
California is going downhill and a
racism is alive and well if you are a
trump supporter more on those stories
coming up today on the rebel buzz the
liberal mob they're eating their own
again this time it's comedian Chris Rock
Chris Rock has been around for a long
time
his first major exposure I think came
when he joined the cast of Saturday
Night Live in the early 90s which led to
movie roles and voiceover roles he's
very funny guy who has never adhered to
PC culture as indicated by one of his
stand-up routines entitled inward versus
black people where he talks about the
difference between one type of black
person and a type of person who
glorifies ignorance and sloth and brags
about fulfilling any minor
responsibilities now I don't agree with
everything he says probably not much of
it truthfully but he does call things
the way that he sees it whether it
offends people or not which of course is
why he's in the news this week over the
past five years or so and especially in
the last two we have all witnessed the
degradation and dilution of comedy when
I watch sitcoms from the early 2000s I
hear things that I know would never fly
in today's perpetually butthurt culture
and don't think for one second that
comedians haven't noticed it too it's
hard to be funny in today's culture not
sure you can make jokes about the
president you can make Cheeto jokes
about him or call the first lady a
ho-bag see this tweet yeah but it's it's
very very hard to perform comedy that
doesn't enrage the left you can make
jokes about the right we might even
laugh because I feel like we here on the
right we have a sense of humor but the
perpetual outrage of the left has made
it extremely difficult for comedians to
write and be funny and Chris Rock agrees
to the extent that he posted an article
about the insufferable woken Asst of
comedy it talks about how Jerry
Seinfeld's comedy series comedians in
cars getting coffee is a welcome
reprieve from the day-to-day attempt at
politically charged comedy now who knows
if Chris realized the source just
happens to be a very right-leaning
publication
at any rate the fact that the source was
the federalists put a bee in the bonnet
of some people Chris Beasley on Twitter
as at Logan for 8 2 to 7 tweeted this in
response the Federalists really and then
he attached a gif of Stanley Hudson from
the TV show The Office yes really oh my
gosh he broke off and dared to visit a
conservative site mob him kill him yes
and bat Mitch on Twitter said this
Seinfeld show is great and needs no
defense but this article claims that the
left took over all the late night comedy
shows as though George Soros gathered
the clans and told them to insert
themselves into the media I'm afraid not
okay maybe not George Soros specifically
but a lot of people with his mentality
and yes they pretty much did do that
think about it the media and
entertainment have so entangled
themselves with each other it's hard to
tell one from the other all of a sudden
celebrities are journalists and
mainstream news journalists are the new
darlings of Hollywood elites but
truthfully we should have seen it coming
if we had done our homework on Saul
Alinsky it is textbook rules for
radicals which is what they are because
who else other than radicals would so
fervently attack someone just for
asserting that comedy has become too
politicized okay here's a secret about
me you might already be aware of this
because you know that I'm a conservative
and I'm sure you can imagine that a
conservative living in Los Angeles
sounds about as fun as eating cat poop
but the truth is I hate this godforsaken
state it is truly the modern day Sodom
and Gomorrah now not all of California
but certainly where I live and I can't
wait to get out but because of
peripheral circumstances I can't leave
just yet not full time anyway the
traffic is awful the people are even
worse with the exception of my group of
friends and I don't even like the
weather it's summertime 11 months out of
the year here and I am an autumn kind of
person so when college football season
rolls around I never get that crispy air
football feeling and that's depressing
but for those of you who are not judging
me for my complaining
and instead feel sympathy we have hope
last month when I was in Israel with the
rebel temperatures in Hollywood hit 119
thank God I was out of the country but
those temperatures in conjunction in
conjunction with continuing fires and
the subsequent risk for flood may only
be the beginning of the end for
California and look I'd be terribly
perturbed at upsetting the balance of
the stars on Old Glory but truthfully a
lot of Americans would not lose too much
sleep over dropping our state countdown
to 49 I know it sounds harsh but it's
true and you know it as long as we get
all the good people out first of course
as reported by the verge this state has
seen a climate that's a harbinger of
what's to come for California an
increasingly volatile landscape ridden
with worsening floods and wildfires like
the recent car fire that destroyed and
damaged more than a thousand homes
expert predictions for the future
suggests that the climate extremes of
California's past five or six years are
indicative of what the future will hold
so let me explain what happens here in
California because I know it seems
strange that we continue to complain
about it being so dry and then fires
break out because of the lack of
moisture and then we complain about the
rain and the flooding so because of the
perfect way that God made this earth he
took great care in the balance of
ecosystems everything on this earth that
God created he created with a purpose
except mosquitoes I truly I don't know
what the purpose of them is other than
to create continent-sized swelling of my
limbs when I've been bitten but even
fires here in California serve a purpose
when fires break out they release gases
that help sequoia trees release these
little pods of seeds that are waiting to
be germinated without these fires these
pods of seeds stay intact on the tree
instead of falling to the ground
bursting open and disseminating seeds to
the surrounding ground so that new trees
can grow but too much fire spread to too
large of an area burns brush the dusty
scraggly pointless looking brush that we
have on our hills and mountainsides is
what keeps mudslides from happening so
acts of nature certain certainly have
their part in the blame but of course a
state that has been overrun
by liberal policies near bankrupting at
numerous times doesn't have the
infrastructure to support large amounts
of rain so then you have floods and
judging by this study it's only gonna
get worse now I'd say it's time for the
Liberals to move to Canada like they
said sorry Canada and conservatives I
don't know let's dig up roots elsewhere
tik-tok California all right so we have
seen some pretty racist stuff recently
not in the conventional sense of racism
against non-whites but racism against
white just yesterday news hit the web
that the New York Times hired a woman
who has a voluminous tweet history of
calling all white people goblins and
expressing expressing the joy that she
feels from being cruel to old white men
can you imagine if I said that about
Hispanics or blacks or Jews for the
record I would never say those things
because I don't feel those things but
racism especially slung in the direction
of black Trump supporters is fair game
and very often praised these days the
left would have you believe that these
people are fringe elements of his
supporters and liken them to conspiracy
theorists on Wednesday during the White
House press briefing reporter David
Maher tosco asked Sara Sanders this
first of all the president encouraged
the support of people who showed up last
night in these queue and on and blacks
for Trump fringe groups and secondly is
the White House willing to say right now
in view of what happened with one of our
TV colleagues last night that it is
wrong for his most vocal supporters to
be menacing toward journalists doing
their jobs in a situation like that or
in any situation thankfully more people
are seeing the left for what it is and
joining the hashtag walk away movement
one such free thinker is pastor Daryl C
Scott who served on the president's
transit transition team and founded
Cleveland's spirit revival Center he
along with other inner-city religious
leaders met with the president to
discuss the first step back now the
first step act was passed by the house
in May and it assists inmates in
re-entering society with the tools that
they will need to assimilate and reduces
the risk of recidivism
during the meeting pastor Scott said
this to be honest this is probably going
to be Z and I'm going
to say this at this table is the most
Pro black president that we've had in
our lifetime this president actually
wants to prove something to our
community our faith-based community and
ethnic community and he's right this
president works tirelessly to achieve
his America first agenda for all
Americans to make America great again
for all races all genders all everything
but you know this man is going to catch
backlash and he did
now that meeting took place Wednesday
afternoon at the White House and by 8:35
p.m. that same night this article
already hit the web now I couldn't
stomach the racism of the whole piece so
I will just read you the first paragraph
that says this if I am ever lucky enough
to meet God of the myriad questions I
plan to ask him most by the way involve
lactose intolerance one of the more
pressing will be where exactly is the
bottomless pit containing the endless
Katter of thirsty feckless shameless
stupid and silly inward willing to meet
with Donald Trump located is that
somewhere obvious like maybe Detroit or
Milwaukee or the Calabasas or maybe it
maybe is the ceaseless pit of F s word
that these in words emerge from found in
the middle of an oil field in Juneau
Alaska that's a real excerpt y'all from
a website called very smart brothers
calm so smart that you can't wrap your
brain around the fact that sitting down
with someone to discuss issues is how
you actually solve those issues it
doesn't seem too smart to me I don't
think there's any hope to shift this
guy's mentality here on earth but if he
ever does meet god I hope God sets him
straight and I hope you all have a
fantastic weekend thanks for watching
the rebel buzz I'm Amanda head the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel
if you enjoy my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
