we hear a lot nowadays about anti male
bias in academia boys getting punished
for being too boisterous tests being
eliminated because boys do better heck I
even had a professor admit to me that he
introduced a written participation
requirement because guys were raising
their hand more than girls in class but
don't worry progressives woman are still
being discriminated against in school in
Japan let's take a look
so I stumble across media from Japan
pretty regularly online usually in the
form of anime memes on Twitter and 4chan
but yesterday was different as I read
that Tokyo medical university Doc's the
test scores of its female applicants
because according to an unnamed
administrator female doctors are more
unwanted it'll be interesting to see how
much leftist flaunt this story as an
example of institutional misogyny this
is pretty clean-cut discrimination but
unfortunately the perpetrators aren't
white men so anyways women made up 40%
of the group entering Tokyo Medical
University in 2010 but the administrator
said the school then began lowering
women's test scores to keep that
percentage under 30 over 30 percent of
applicants making it past the first
stage of the school's application
process this year were woman but after
the test only 18 percent were admitted
the administrator who was talking about
recruiting more doctors to work at the
school's hospital said that many female
students who graduate end up leaving the
actual medical practice to give birth
and raise children there was a silent
understanding to accept more male
students as one way to resolve the
doctor shortage the guy described this
quota as a necessary evil and said
people in the school surgical department
think it takes three woman to serve as
one man unsurprisingly there doesn't
seem to be a citation for that ratio so
listen while it's true that many women
do leave the workplace at some point in
their lives to become homemakers a not
all woman do and be it's unfair to apply
stereotypes rooted in generalities to
individuals
but that's not to say quotas themselves
are illegal
Tokyo medical university apparently only
made the mistake of not making public
its alleged quota if it had done that it
would have been perfectly legal now this
isn't the first time the schools got in
a bit of heat last month it's president
and Board of Regents chair resigned
after allegedly bribing an education
official with his son's admission for
some grant money
I hate preface in all of these with
allegedly by the way but just don't want
to get sued fam as for hitting quotas
remember that Harvard University is also
in hot water only with race not gender
the school allegedly has subtracted
points from Asian American students
personality scores to admit fewer of
them that trial is set to take place in
October for campus unmasked I'm Rob trim
shop if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
