new stories of heroic kids is something
that I love children doing the brave and
impossible to save people or stop the
bad guy however these days page one is
reserved for the real heroes you know
the children activists like for example
the seven-year-old girl and her mother
in New Zealand who made the front page
of my newsfeed for wait for it
complaining about power line maintenance
signs that said line men at work instead
of lying crew at work how dare they in
2018 I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood in the BBC article the
seven-year-old girl who said that the
sign was quote wrong and unfair to women
who wanted to be line workers unquote so
let me get this straight a
seven-year-old girl who should only be
concerned about playing sports or
playing with her friends or watching
Disney movies what's so aware of the
oppressive gender specific sign that she
contacted the New Zealand Transport
Agency to file a complaint and I'm sure
her mother had nothing to do with her
child losing her innocence of the world
to look for signs of oppression and
inequality around her and then it is
front-page news on my Microsoft newsfeed
telling me that this is the most
important and world-changing story that
I need to pay attention to are you
serious is this the appropriate use of
journalism not only to encourage parents
to parade their children around to
promote their political ideologies but
also to have children to aspire to find
the latest most insignificant thing to
complain about in the world around them
in hopes that they will make front-page
news and be glorified well let me show
you some real children heroes that
should have made the front page Chris an
11 year old boy from Talladega Alabama
heard strange noises when a burglar
broke into his house when he was home
alone the burglar shouted he was gonna f
him up but Chris had the foresight to
run and get a 9-millimeter handgun and
fired it at the intruder hitting him in
the leg and waiting for the police to
arrive or Angelica the 5 year old little
girl who learned at school how to escape
from fires escape from her Tulsa home
when her house caught fire ran to her
neighbor's house alerted them allowing
the police to arrive in time to save her
dad another great story is tree gin'
Emmett from Sarasota Springs Utah when
his mother who
heart condition passed out while dialing
911 that came to the rescue
quote he took the phone from her and
calmly told the emergency operator my
mom just died as the dispatch spoke with
tragen he stayed on the line calling
himself spider-man and Peter Parker
rather than giving his real name tragen
stayed on the line with dispatch until
they finally arrived
fortunately Trades mother's survived
into this day she calls him her little
superhero it's not heroic to complain
and we don't need any child activists
who don't even have the reason to
comprehend what they're complaining
about we need inspiring stories of kids
like this for other kids to look up to
and try to emulate and I thank every
child looking up to their parents would
hope they would say I'm proud of you my
little superhero and not I'm proud of
you my little activist alright so if you
enjoyed that video please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
