when I initially addressed the council
cutting issue in this space a few days
ago I joked that at least Ford wasn't
being labeled a racist by this move
because when it comes to things the
loonie left doesn't like well the race
card is their trump card and they
usually play that card from the get-go
but folks methinks I joked too soon
because yesterday in that periodical
Paragon a progressiveness the Toronto
Star ran a column entitled Ford's attack
on Toronto is an attack on urban
diversity this wondrous piece of fish
rap is penned by mer Marianna
Valverde who is of course a professor at
the University of Toronto specializing
in urban governance and law and as the
saying goes that column would have been
twice as good if only it had been half
as long but I'll cut to the chase
Valverde suggests that because there's
fewer council seats up for grabs that
means there are of course fewer
opportunities for persons of color to
get elected therefore I guess smaller
government is racist government one
particular excerpt stands out regarding
the protests that took place at City
Hall last Friday by the usual suspects
Valverde states one impressive speaker
was Ozma Malik who in a streetcar would
be just another tronto nyan but who
would stand out on council because she
wears a hijab several black Torontonians
with experience addressing violence and
poverty are also running for counsel
such as Walid kigali he also spoke end
quote hmm well a good Galli where does
one even start
Valverde seems to be suggesting that in
the case of Ozma Malik she should be
embraced by diversity loving
Torontonians not necessarily for her
policies but because she proudly wears
the hijab wow I can just imagine what an
election sign for this candidate might
state vote for Malik or at least vote
for her diverse Islamic headgear and hey
surely this is not the same
aleck who has a very checkered past is
it such as her being involved in the
rigging of a student council election
when she attended the University of
Toronto and how she spearheaded a
fundraising drive for the families of
the Toronto 18 terrorists and how in 20
2006 she labelled Israel's actions
against the terrorist group Hezbollah as
quote state sanctioned murder end quote
oh but come on folks pay no attention to
that Sharia suffragette behind the
curtain because well because Malik wears
hijab that makes her diverse and if you
all got a problem with that then you're
obviously a racist that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
