well good morning youtubers rebel
audience America so a lot to go over
today a lot to go over we have got so
much talked about but yesterday one
thing I want to go into right away
because it's a bit of a extensive topic
and let me unlock this screen over here
as well is the 3d printing of guns and
we've been talking about that we've been
saying how we want to go into it and
yesterday I wanted to touch on it but we
didn't have a lot of time and it's
definitely a topic that requires a bit
more attention to detail a bit more
attention to detail so we're gonna go
into it today in depth I'm gonna tell
you a story greetings from Nottingham UK
hello everybody and again guys we've
been working on the stream where we're
working hard to perfect it we got some
new gear but and it is not the bandwidth
unfortunately we're still running into a
little problem here I can see it going
to try to figure this out we all right
so I want to find a story for you that's
really relevant and it dovetails very
nicely with this story about with this
story about the 3d printing of guns
because one of my biggest problems one
of my my absolutely biggest problems on
all this is the hypocrisy not just of
the mainstream media not just of the
mainstream media but the apocrypha of
those on the Left those left-wing
organizations and unfortunately I can't
find it in the neck let me see if I can
do a different search yeah here we go
alright I got the story for you so the
apocrypha of these left-wing groups on
this issue now you've probably seen
media on the issue right there's a
debate right now as to whether or not we
people are able to stream or I shouldn't
say stream my mind is focused on
streaming because of our little stream
issue here
but there's an issue as to whether or
not people should be allowed to
disseminate to post up on the web for
download schematics that would enable
you to plug the blueprints the
schematics into a 3d printer and print
firearms components and I good morning
John Zeeland and my position on this is
they absolutely should be 100% not even
a Second Amendment issue it's a First
Amendment issue it's a First Amendment
issue and here's why it's a First
Amendment issue those blueprints those
schematics are at the end of the day I
don't care what the subject matter is I
don't care if subject matter is how to
build a firearm I don't care if the
subject matter is how to build a bridge
those schematics those blueprints they
are educational materials right they're
teaching you how to do something by
definition educational materials the
left doesn't see it that way
the left absolutely absolutely refuses
to see it that way and that's a travesty
and it's a tragedy because they are now
in a couple of seconds here I'm gonna
explain to you I'm gonna explain to you
just how bad just how disingenuous
disingenuous the left is I'm gonna
explain to you how they don't want you
to have access to First Amendment
protected materials and just a note I'm
running a speed test here very
frustrating I'm getting
broadcast-quality up speeds still
getting this terrible image quality on
the YouTube stream and a little better
now little better now but very very
frustrating why we can't seem to bridge
the gap between what's happening over
here and what YouTube is taking in in
terms of quality incredibly frustrating
to have to figure this out
but all that being said so we've got
this 3d printer issue and it's stupid
quite frankly it's really stupid
good you guys tell them you have a crisp
image great thank you because mine
unfortunately is not
and it's really really frustrating to me
but we'll we'll get it eventually we'll
figure this out it's very very
frustrating to deal with this anyway so
why is the 3d printer issues in my
opinion educational material well they
teach you how to do something okay
they're not handing you an illegal
firearm they're simply saying to you
that if you have the know-how and you
have the equipment this is something
that can possibly be manufactured now
I'm a shooter I'm a collector was a cop
worked in a firearms unit know a lot
about firearms a hobby of mine all right
maybe a little too much Tom King thanks
being here from Scotland I good to hear
my stream is good with you guys I'm
seeing what I'm seeing on my end doesn't
look so good so keep me posted
so I am the biggest Second Amendment
defender in the world so for that reason
alone I like the fact that people can
learn how to make their own firearms I
am the biggest First Amendment defender
in the world I like I like yba 202 says
the warp is worldwide 1st or 2nd
Amendment doesn't apply but is the US
case those countries have to worry about
it on their own I'm in the US the issues
being heard in the US so the first thing
second amendment absolutely do apply
they absolutely do apply anyway now this
all being said I want to see these
blueprints able to be disseminated I
personally wouldn't fire a 3d firearm
well let me say it if it was made on a
CNC machine with aluminum or steel I
would but not one that's made of plastic
look I carry a Glock everyday Glock is a
polymer weapon but Glock spent millions
upon millions of dollars in research and
development figuring out that mix of
polymer that's going to absorb recoil
while remaining strong enough to not
shatter and blow up in your hand I don't
know if I would want to fire a plastic
gun made in somebody's basement on a 3d
printer because the polymers at all
involved but again that's my personal
preference if Americans want to be able
to do that they should be able to do
that but here's where the case gets
really sticky here's okay furs Ellie
you're dead wrong you're saying why is
it even an issue it's no different than
being able to post and make a bomb it's
insane to allow it world's gone Metz
you're a hundred percent wrong because
explosives are used in the mining
industry explosives were used in the
construction industry explosives are
used to control avalanches there are
many many legal uses for explosives but
at the end of the day you're not giving
somebody a bomb you're simply
disseminating educational materials and
yours yours is a very liberal position
rod Robertson feels the way I do plastic
trigger group is okay but you need a
metal receiver see I'm fine with my my
polymer receiver on my Glock and on my
Smith and Wesson shield and another
polymer weapons I don't even have a
problem with that but I want to know
that there was some research and
development that went into that polymer
development so you and I agree about 85%
but I don't wanna get too I don't want
to get too wonky with the gun stuff and
in the polymers and receivers this is
about the First Amendment issue here
now here's why this case infuriates me
and why I want the material to be
disseminated so you all know I was in
law enforcement worked a lot with child
sex predator cases things of that nature
worked a lot against NAMBLA the North
American man-boy love Association that
group that exists to promote pedophilia
well what is a NAMBLA have to do with
guns and disseminating information about
firearms what are you talking about car
yellow where are you going well let me
read you a case that came up years back
in 1997 a ten-year-old boy and I believe
it was Massachusetts named Jeffrey
Curley was brutally raped molested toys
didn't murdered by a violent violent
violent sexual predator how to groom
children gain their trust gain access to
the child's life
how to avoid the police investigating
pedophilia cases all of these materials
provided by NAMBLA that taught these
pedophiles how to molest ultimately
brutally rape and murder this little boy
and I saw the case file it was so brutal
so bad I won't even talk about it here
it still infuriates me it's a 20 year
old case parents of Jeffrey Curley sued
NAMBLA and the defendants and do you
know who protected the pedophiles the
ACLU the American Civil Liberties Union
because they said that NAMBLA denied
encouraging the rape or murder of anyone
according to the ACLU this is from an
ABC news story at the time the suit is
designed to stifle the dissemination of
the group's unpopular beliefs advocating
consensual and consensual sexual
relationships between adult men and boys
and abolishing age of consent laws that
classify adult sex with children is rape
Plus NAMBLA should not be punished for
the crimes of the two men and their
beliefs should be protected despite
their unpopularity the ACLU said quote
there was nothing in those publications
or on their website which advocated or
incited the commission of any illegal
acts including murder or rape NAMBLA
supplication this is from Nan law and
the ACLU it's the ACLU statement
nameless quote nebulous publications
advocate for changes in society's views
about consensual sex in adults and
minors the advocacy is political speech
protected by the First Amendment we urge
the public not to jump to conclusions
about NAMBLA based on the allegations
appearing in the press and the Curley
complaint we also urge consideration of
the consequences to freedom of speech
holding authors musicians or filmmakers
liable in damages near you the rest is
in damages for crimes committed by
individuals who have read heard or
seeing their work and that is why that
is why this is directly correlated to
this gun case the ACLU stepped in the
ACLU stepped in to protect the right of
a pedophile group to disseminate
information on how to better rape and
murder children and get away with it
the ACLU fought and they won they won
nameless literature is disgusting as
heinous as reprehensible as it is his
First Amendment protected speech but
these same liberals want to block the
dissemination of blueprints for firearms
so now let me read you the ACLU
statement again but let's put it in the
context of guns let me change some
wording there was nothing in those
publications or on the websites which
advocated or incited the commission of
any illegal Matt who acts including
illegal use of a firearm the 3d
blueprints simply inform the public how
with the right equipment to manufacture
inanimate mechanimal mechanical devices
this is political speech protected by
the First Amendment all I did was change
a few words in the ACLU statement and
apply it to firearms because it's
identical because it's identical and the
fact that these liberal groups these
bastions of liberalism go out in force
to protect a CLU but direct NAMBLA again
NAMBLA stands for the North American
man-boy love Association it's one of the
largest most well organized paedophile
groups in the nation and when they tell
you they're not about violence and
raping children they're lying there's a
book I strongly recommend you read about
15 or so years old written by a guy
named Bob Hamer it was an FBI special
agent and undercover and the book is
called the last undercover and it's
about Hamer's last undercover assignment
he infiltrated NAMBLA he played a
wealthy pedophile
who
fund these trips to Thailand and he took
down a lot of bad guys but it's called
the last undercover
I really really suggest you read it
because you're gonna see a lot these
pedophile issues are back in the news
and NAMBLA knows that with democratic
socialism creeping in there's a big push
being made to legitimize them so they're
saying well we don't advocate
criminality your members aren't into
illegally molesting kids read Hamer's
book the last undercover read this book
it will tell you the true story about
NAMBLA and about these pedophile
organizations okay
I highly recommend it watch me listen to
me I worked these cases I arrested these
guys I had a very very liberal
psychologist great guys one of my
closest friends but was very liberal not
so much anymore
and he was tasked with evaluating six
pedophiles in the New York State
criminal justice system and before going
in he told me that I was too hardcore
and I was the cony in my desire for
punishments and after he evaluated these
guys he came in I grabbed a drink in a
bar we need to take these em efforts
behind the prisons and shoot them in the
head they're evil this is a guy who
thought he could cure him it's a guy who
is liberal bleeding-heart by the end of
it he wanted to shoot pedophiles behind
prisons look want to go back to the
issue at hand though the ACLU is nowhere
to be found nowhere to be found on the
issue of the 3d printing of guns and the
case law is clear now lawyers advocates
for those disseminating the blueprints
are gonna go back to the ACLU statements
here they're gonna go back to the court
cases that enabled NAMBLA to disseminate
pedophilia material and they're gonna
say hey if that was educational material
designed to inform designed to educate
no matter how unpopular no matter how
distasteful to some to many the most in
the case in amla it is First Amendment
protected information as are these
blueprints for
firearms as are these blueprints for
firearms and if you don't understand
that then you really don't understand
the true nature of the First Amendment
here in the United States now now rod
Robert says can we get back to the guns
I hate PTO's to make me want to use guns
Ali I don't even get me started
I worked those cases for more than a few
years child porn cases it's once you see
the image I used to tell people that
worked with us if you don't have a
reason in the course of this job to view
the imagery don't don't because it'll
never leave you if you don't absolutely
have to view it for you're not don't go
near it see you for the rest of your
life the rest of your life anyway the
guns so this issue of 3d printers is
silly silly this is protected material
look I've looked at these blueprints I'm
not a mechanical engineer I don't know
what the hell to do with them yeah it's
all I can look at them and I could see a
gun exploded and all the parts inside
and as a gun buffers a collector as a
shooter as a hunter as a you know this
guy who loves to build my ARS and things
of that nature it's an interesting
schematic for me but do I have the time
or the inclination to go out and buy a
3d printer and do homework with polymers
and then let me be very clear about
something
as a guy who worked a robbery and gun
unit all right we responded I don't know
to how many of these cases how many of
these jobs and how many grand juries had
testified in front of hearings trials I
lost count hundreds of arrests and I'll
tell you it's some high from Thailand
Hado and Howard great SIA gun crime is a
spur-of-the-moment thing
you don't think oh hey that guy just cut
me off and gave me the finger
all right let me get to my office let me
download the blueprints for an AR let me
go hunt around for a 3d printer up let
me hunt around for the polymers this
that's going to come in two weeks
alright let me print this thing out of
damnit first second and third tries I
screwed it up
alright fourth tries to charm now I got
a gun I'm gonna go find that guy that
cut me off a month and a half ago it
doesn't work like that it doesn't work
like that
gangbangers aren't waiting for their 3d
printing to go do a drive-by of the
rival gangbanger that tried to whack one
of their buddies the night before
they're gonna go buy an illegal gun on
the street again this is stupid trying
to ban this stuff
number one is against it violates the
First Amendment but to think that you're
gonna reduce gun crime by banning the
dissemination of blueprints of firearms
is about the dumbest dumbest dumbest
thing I can think of there's a show on
the History Channel I watch it I love it
I DVR it i watch rerun because i love it
call forged in fire and every week on a
Tuesday night for an hour they teach you
how to make weapons we're gonna ban that
TV show as well we're gonna ban shows
about blacksmithing and blade smithing
because they give you instructions on
how to make a weapon Richard Driscoll
says there are only certain sections of
the gun that we made a polymer not the
barrel or chamber actually there are
people playing with polymers now for one
shots in the barrel and chamber with low
low pressure ammunition 22 long-rifle
things of that nature so it is entirely
possible to get a few rounds out of a
completely polymer gun you'll foul it up
but is it possible yes yes so we and I
can't believe how many people on the
stream can't believe how many people on
the stream or advocating for the
suppression of the dissemination of
educational materials of informational
materials I don't know why you're why
you would why you would advocate for
that and then tune in to conservative
media I don't know why you would do that
doesn't make any sense
William ring what about spring still
metal no but you got to remember
something you guys you're missing
something in the United States the only
part that you need to worry about
manufacturing is the low
receiver that's the only registered item
with the ATF or the item that serial
number that you're supposed to purchase
with a 4473 or some other type of ATF
form everything else you can mail order
everything else you can walk into a gun
shop the chamber well the Chamber's and
their semi-automatics connected to the
barrel and in revolver it's part of the
frame but in a you can walk into a gun a
gun show any gun or a gun store and buy
the slide the barrel the oh pretty much
every other component except a lower
receiver and you could pay cash and
never give your name so there were only
really worried about the lower receivers
those are the only components in a
firearm that are supposed to have the
serial number everything else is I can
walk into a gun show and buy every other
component like it we're gonna gun shop I
can go online and buy every other
component I don't have to file anything
for that so it doesn't really matter the
springs and all our metal isn't that
nobody's gonna be smuggling these things
on a planes okay that's not what the
problem is now I've got no problem I do
I do uh right rod Robertson makes a good
point
you could have the plans to build a nuke
good luck and good luck getting the
fissionable materials u-235 and things
of that nature
NL ghcn donated five bucks oh by the way
yeah you could super chat give us a
quick donation he said shall not be
infringed on my plastic rights straws I
was getting there what happens in
California when we start using these 3d
printers to make plastic straws then all
hell is gonna break loose because you
can have my straw when you pry it from
my cold dead fingers
when straws are outlawed only outlaws
will have straws that's right
but uh this is all moronic this is all
really really stupid but it goes into
the disingenuous nature of the
mainstream media right now talking about
the mainstream media mm-hmm talking
about the mainstream media I don't know
if you guys tell me on the stream I
don't know if you guys on the chat saw
Jim Acosta's meltdown in the White House
press conference yesterday
the press conference yesterday was
actually one of the better ones I'm
gonna watch these for work and the the
president had the heads of all of the
agencies
Wow Casper from South Africa awesome
awesome awesome awesome love having you
here and thanks for the compliment we
love doing the show for you glad you're
catching it after it's live so the White
House press conference it's it's the
heads of all the agencies tasked with
securing our cyber and critical
infrastructures yet DNI Dan Coates
director national intelligence dan coats
Homeland Security Secretary Kirsten
Nielsen FBI director Christopher a
general Nakasone had a US Cyber Command
the NSA and National Security Adviser
Ambassador John Bolton and they're up
there and they talked about how they're
gonna secure the critical infrastructure
hey Rory from the UK how are ya now
after they're done sir Huckabee Sanders
gets up there and says okay I'm gonna
take other questions she gets a couple
of questions and then she makes the
mistake of calling on crybaby Jim Acosta
from CNN now this whole show is about
the First Amendment I am a First
Amendment guy all right I'm a First
Amendment guy but with Jim Acosta did
yesterday was not reportage with Jim
Acosta it was a tantrum he wasn't asking
a question he was demanding the White
House press secretary say what he wanted
her to say and when she didn't say it he
threw a hissy fit and ran out of the
room he then went on Twitter started
tweeting a paraphrase I want I lived
away they weren't telling doing what I
wanted them to do with anyone on CNN's
Brooke Baldwin show and sort of crying
he yelled at me and then him oh shut up
accost look I am the biggest defender of
the First Amendment of a Free Press
but nobody boring Jim Acosta from doing
anything Jim Acosta is conflating and
confusing criticism of his cry-baby
Nasim
restricted they didn't kick him out of
the White House press room he left she
called on him she let him speak so he
wasn't being silenced he wasn't being
restricted but he didn't ask a question
he started telling the White House press
secretary what he wanted her to say and
when she wouldn't do it
he threw a temper tantrum now here's the
thing Jim Acosta is a moron I think he
sucks at what he does but he's free to
say whatever he wants to say under the
First Amendment
my problem with Jim Acosta is he should
do what I do what others do admit that
you're a commentator with a political
bent don't don't purport to be an
objective journalist because you're not
Jim you're not an objective journalist
you're an opinion commentator now I'm
guessing that's where Acosta wants his
career to go these little stunts these
little protests he's thrown in the White
House these little stunts at Trump
rallies tell me is a guy in media that
Jim Acosta is positioning himself for a
much more high-paying primetime slot as
a commentator with his own show rather
than just being the White House
correspondent the liberals love him
he'll have good ratings he'll speak his
experience in the in the White House
press room and all that other stuff and
he's gonna make some good money and you
know what god bless him if there's an
audience out there that wants to watch
Jim Acosta as a commentator more power
to them that's the free market people
watch me I do this show I do a different
show in the afternoon a TV show cable TV
show people watch us you guys come you
chat that's the free market right
castas gonna have a big audience on the
left good I've got a problem with that
god bless him more power to him but stop
acosta Jim Acosta making believe you're
an objective journalist an objective
journalist would have one question in
the thousands you've posed that might be
oh I don't know objective or
complimentary of the administration but
when every
every appearance when every question
every time you're called on your
combative and rude and you attack the
administration and you're trying to get
out there on camera time and you're
cutting off your colleagues and when the
press secretary or whoever you're giving
the press conference moves to someone
else you're yelling over them to get
your attention when you're being asked
to leave the Oval Office and you're
screaming over the president's aide that
goes from reportage to activism in the
White House it's weird and it's not
journalism it's not objective it isn't
it's silly really it's it's weird it's
just it's cheap florette it's absolutely
cheap and low-rent that's my coffee and
my Captain America mug so you know that
was my problem with it so you've got all
these people on the Left who want to be
bastions of the First Amendment if they
could protect pedophiles but not gun
rights
you've got left-wing reporters screaming
about their First Amendment rights being
infringed upon when they're being given
a platform in the White House press room
to shout their opinions and then
throwing tantrums when the White House
press secretary doesn't parrot the words
they want her to say it's weird it's
just weird it's unreasonable it's out of
line and America sees through it that's
why America calls it fake news that's
why America's over it that's why America
wants no part of it anymore
America is done with being told what to
think
when you've got independent outlets like
the rebel when you've got other
independent media outlets when you've
got good reporting you've got people out
there doing periscopes who are on scene
for events everybody get a cell phone
camera you don't need the left-leaning
mainstream media to tell you what to
fake now you guys talking about Sarah
Huckabee Sanders I think she's awesome
and I love the way she responded to Jim
Acosta she basically put him in his
place
she owned him said you
guys in the media call for violence you
guys in the media invited you in the
White House correspondent so she invited
me to the White House Correspondents
Dinner to make fun of my personal
appearance man the room went silent the
room went silent and she was right and
she put a Kosta in his place and he had
nothing to say he was he was stuttering
well I'm sorry that happened you know
you were in gym because she didn't call
it out you didn't and that's the one
place sarah made a mistake I would if I
were Sarah what's a gym really did you
call her out on Twitter did you call
that out on your show the next day did
you call it out on Twitter you weren't
sorry Jim you had a platform you could
have done it then but they don't do it
because they're disingenuous they're
radicals they're activists they'd rather
protect pedophiles with the First
Amendment than gun owners they'd rather
screaming yelling engage in activism in
the White House pressroom rather than
engage in reporting and give you
objective information so you can make
the best decisions all right let's go
and look at some of your comments cuz a
lot of them came in let's see let's see
if we got here
talked about the gun stuff talked about
the bomb stuff we talked about Morton De
Beers says people use his new printed
gun and you know shoot good good let's
see we got a lot to talk about Justin
Trudeau yeah shoot a plastic gun okay
would not handle the bullet exit without
exploding well certain polymers and you
got a 22 it's gonna it's gonna work cuz
I'm gonna blow up in your hand I
wouldn't I wouldn't do it but you're
gonna sear the rifling off and it's not
gonna be particularly accurate let's say
yeah you guys are kind of agreeing with
me here so and look I know that you have
mm-hmm I know that you guys you know
have much different much more
restrictive gun laws in Canada its shame
I wish you didn't I wish you guys had
not had to endure that massive gun grab
up there it really sucks it it's it's
unfortunate when Michael horrigan says
liberals hate plastic smuggle because
muck global warming but ironically push
for paper products which write bad for
us yet true true and if liberals were
told tomorrow that the the most
environmentally unfriendly products in
the world could silence conservatives
and take away our guns liberals would be
for destroying the environment to do
that it's just more liberal hypocrisy a
cost that's crazy of course MD says yeah
you know it's just a little bit
ridiculous swampy McGee
like I said we have a policy here if you
troll if you mock our military if you
sit here and just try to harass in
general we kind of tell you to have a
nice day and we tell you to go bye-bye
bye-bye Sal moves
fuck that weapon laws are exactly
exactly that's all it was ever about
look they they are these liberals no
people are gonna get guns
they know that that's not what it's
about
Johnse lances Ezra's video with Tommy
yesterday was getting five views per
second it's what I told you guys I'm not
gonna report on Tommy
cuz Ezra's really doing a better job
than anybody else out there reporting on
Tommy's there's no sense in me doing it
when Ezra was close friends with Tommy
knows the family who knows the
intricacies of this case like nobody
else he's gonna give you the best inside
information it wouldn't even make sense
for me to touch on the story wouldn't
even make sense for me to do it it's out
there where couldn't be happier Tommy's
freed but Ezra's really should be my
go-to on it so I'm not gonna give you
secondhand info watch as her for that
let's see what else we got another we
have on Acosta hmm what that also says
Wow second my hands on the terrorist
handbook a book on how to make
explosives yeah the stuff is out there
this book is out there other and you're
wrong you're wrong he he absolutely did
he absolutely did ask Sarah Huckabee
Sanders to contradict the President of
the United States and firs okati you're
wrong because if you go to Jim Acosta
zone Twitter feed he clearly says he
left the White House press briefing
before it was over he threw a temper
tantrum and he left so would you just
put here on the chat is fake news it's
fake news and
Bab Z says in fact ghost guns are good
for only one shot Congress has a law
that metal pins are required for
detection fake left meltdown once again
and non facts yep
it is with the metal pin MD says John
legal question what constitutes felony
assault
I'm curious and regard the recent openly
public attacks by an sjw on a YouTube
personality in Indianapolis well it's
state to state but typically felony
assault is something that could cause
physical injury serious physical injury
or death if I use my hands but you're on
the floor and I'm stomping your head
into the curb that would be felony
assault by heat with a pipe I use a
knife a gun those would all be felony
assault differs from state to state but
that's typically what the police would
charge felony assault
I punch you in the face you know and
you're not seriously injured
typically a misdemeanor but again state
to state on that let's see what else we
got Martin de beers of the other plastic
gun in an air-guitar let's see
Fox hasn't ignored Tommy Robbins and
Tucker talked about a yup and Katie
Hopkins is out there chatting about it
everywhere mmm
Josh Donn should immediately should you
be allowed to print guns yes I believe
you should be and I believe you should
be able to decimate the you had
disseminate the information on how to do
it gab gab says the interview with Tommy
was good but needed a bigger timeslot
Fox News gives you four to seven minutes
their air time is very very expensive
you're never going to get more than four
to seven minutes on Fox it's just any
major network very very difficult for
them to do that they have commercial
breaks there it cost them a lot of money
to do what they do they've got to
they've got to keep those sponsors on
air so very very difficult does the
Second Amendment require the government
to be able to detect your weapons no and
they shouldn't that's why I'm not even a
fan rather the concept of 4473 is that
the whole nother
show that's a whole other show
anglo-saxon high from England and guys
if the stream continues to be this fuzzy
I don't know if you guys are having a
fuzzy stream let me know because now
line is crystal clear when i refresh but
I it was pretty fuzzy earlier so it
seems to be going in and out on me but I
need you guys to let me know what you're
seeing because I'm looking from the same
screen from which I'm broadcasting so
it's a little more difficult alright
looks great now thanks deccan yeah so
should we be able to print guns
absolutely let's see what else we got
and yeah I suggest you guys watch you to
Tommy's videos look uh it's it's
terrible what was done to him but
remember he's only out on bail he's got
to go back before another judge
so you're resetting back to 720 on your
monitor and the resolutions been good
let me see if I can oh you know what
that's working for me too seems to be
much better let me see if I go higher
than that guys see if you what happens
when you go to 1080 because right now on
a 1080 and my stream is looking better
than it's been a little shaky but
because my camera's broadcast in 1080
but 720 seems to be smooth maybe that
was it let's see Tommy does the steak
take a step back and plan a strategy
I've been Freeman says and try instead
of trying to be in the front of the line
and end up a martyr I think I think
that's good advice but Tommy's built his
brand on charging into it and so I think
you know it's very very hard when you're
a hard-charging guy to take a step back
hangman John Ruth says 1080 is good also
I can go to 144 and get crazy sure
alright alright I gave you guys t-shirts
this week I didn't do crazy shirt crazy
shirt on
mmm-hmm crazy shirt on Monday I promise
I owed you guys crazy shirt it's uh you
guys are going a lot of itami again
really really rather you guys do that
with Ezra because he's so on top of this
I don't want to miss anything one of my
you know really what I try to focus on
here at the rebel is the US and so I
haven't been following hangmen John Ruth
now that I've been following commie but
not going in deep with the court filings
and all of the things you need to be
most informed on that case Chuck McGill
q is not a big deal q is fake let's see
let's see what somebody wants to hold me
to wearing hangman John Ruth is holding
me to wearing the crazy shirt the shirt
is not crazy camera makes the shirt
crazy the shirt is good Chuck McGill Q
is not huge
he was fake nothing to his predicted has
come out Q is old two-day-old
open-source information piece together
and acting as if this is some insider
believe me if there was a real insider
it wouldn't be on 4chan alright
it wouldn't be and what's happening
there is terrible disinformation
I say it every day is important to say
there's no plan behind the scenes
Geoff's I shouldn't robert muller or not
in some create conspiracy to bring down
hillary alright
i talked to people in the neo jay daily
in the White House they're beside
themselves and how bad Jeff Sessions is
you want to believe Q you believe Q no Q
doesn't get the legacy media to look
Chris Cuomo was talking about a
conspiracy theory nobody takes that
seriously nobody nobody in the
intelligence community nobody in the law
enforcement community nobody but it is
fun fan fiction it's fun fan fiction BH
makes an interesting comment the nra
only cares about gun rights when they're
making money it's not the case
a lot of people are down on the NRA the
NRA has to win a big war all right not
just battles I know people here in
Florida we're very upset with the NRA
after our Florida gun bill uh you know
I'm gonna read girly-girl hippies
comment a second cuz she's onto
something but and I was very upset with
the NRA now pushing back harder in
Florida but here's the problem the NRA
has to win much bigger Wars they're
gonna have to give back in certain
states and have to I don't like it but
here's a bigger problem be it did it
laughs when the NRA gives back that's
when we've got to call an email and text
our legislators and tell them enough no
we're no longer putting up with it we
are not putting up with it so we don't
care that the NRA gave on the issue we
want this all right girly girl hippie
says I think you is owned by CNN seems
they're always pointing out this good in
government and they're on our side
thank you exactly if you read into this
cue more immediacy moronic miss that's a
word what cue is telling you is trust
government trust Big Brother trust the
Special Counsel trust the nanny state
you're you're being led like a sheep if
you buy into this nonsense
being led by a sheep go commit not alive
how often do you live streams every
morning every weekday morning Monday
through Friday Monday through Friday
7:30 a.m. to 8:30 a.m.
hmm alright Casper asks an amazing
question I was talking about this
yesterday why are 3d printed guns a big
deal when a small metal workshop in the
USA can easily purchase surplus gun
barrels and manufacture any firearm in
patan parts of Pakistan this is common
exactly
Kaspar great comment if you have a cnc
machine a lathe a machine shop and some
basic know how you can manufacture
firearms it is not a complicated process
that's why I don't understand it
Driscoll says we're stuttering and
freezing a bit yeah we're perfecting our
settings here with some new equipment
we're gonna get we're gonna oh my god
I'm not even answer anymore cue
questions because when you combine cue
with Alex Jones my head hurts
let's see the PTB which I don't know
what that is Buchi no I'm not sure what
you're would say take their guns take
their knives take their bats take their
cars in the hell with it take their
freedom and slave them for their own
protection yes agreed oh great
gab gab says exactly gods for explosives
been on the internet since the 90s
law-abiding citizens don't amuse it its
First Amendment protected gotta leave it
alone exactly
booth says isn't making guns at home
illegal mm-hmm
not really there's a lot of gray area on
that at the ATF says you supposed to
have a license to manufacture but I
suspect suspect there are gonna be court
challenges on that let's see let's see
Chuck McGill says you can make a zip gun
in a minute with a tool shop yeah of
course that's why this whole hysteria
over 3d guns is just silly it's just
simply silly
so BH makes a great comment 3d printers
are still too expensive for the average
bloke yeah exactly exactly and a
gangbanger and the heat of the moment
isn't gonna go on Amazon and orders 3d
printer all right he's gonna go on the
street and buy a gun mmm Laroy says it
is not illegal to make firearms personal
use that's how I interpret the law as
well the ATF is now saying that's a
misinterpretation so let's see what the
what when the core challenges come with
shakes out the bad apples would rather
buy a gun off the street for a couple of
hundred bucks pH says exact eggs
okay MD say
the ATF license regarding manufacturing
guns for sale dissemination it is a
strictly covered personal use now no no
there are many licenses there are many
licenses by the ATF manufacturers
licenses you then need an FFL to sell
firearms go to the Bureau of Alcohol
Tobacco and Firearms webpage they'll
give you all the different types of
licenses for manufacturing etc you need
to meet certain criteria for these
licenses
Richard Driscoll says I've got a $2,800
3d printer yeah but you still spend
three grand and you had to order it and
wait to get it in this learning curve to
use it and it's not something in the
heat of the moment you're just gonna go
out buy make a gun in three seconds and
go shoot somebody that's uh well md
saying not sure that they're expensive
get a good one five hundred bucks but
and there's a question as to whether it
could handle the materials required to
print a gun you're proving my point
it took me longer to read your comment
than it would to take that same 500
bucks go out on the street and buy an
illegal gun why bother why bother there
100 million illegal guns out there
mizuchi knows says well it's good good
point if you doesn't matter how many
weapons you take from people you'll
never stop violence take your tip until
you take away the intent to kill what
you're never gonna do because it's been
around since the beginning of time good
morning Robert Jackson it's been around
since the beginning of time been around
do I think boo says do I think 3d
printed guns only hit men more comment
no I do not look to me I'm a 3d printed
gun as a novelty it's hey look I made
this let me try to shoot it up I don't
feel comfortable shooting this thing
this ain't Glock level polymer Chicago
Baltimore st. Louis the Bronx Compton DC
Detroit vain happening because of 3d
printers alright they ain't happening
because it's BD printers
so Erickson says building every one of
it be prettier in their truck with
magics breed so good common actually
doesn't everyone have a 3d printer in
their truck with magic speed printing in
the same amount of murders Mexico has
one-third the population of the United
States three times the American murders
that ain't because the 3d printers okay
that is not because of 3d printers
michael Hourigan now you're scaring me
all right Michael horrigan said I'm a
print out Chuck Norrises fist that's a
whole different ballgame man it's a
whole we might have been don't send
those blue print out on the internet it
might crash web and guys I don't know
why it's weird once we get to the end of
the show we started to have these stream
problems every day the very very odd
very very odd candy cane says Sicario
something tells me the drug cartel
sicarios candy
they don't 3d printing guns they've got
all the guns they need I saw another
comment I liked let me make sure who
says it let me make sure who said it
wait a minute it was a good one it was a
good one Ivan Freeman said did you did
you know that you could 3d print a 3d
printer yep yep yep yep Abraham Brown
says he would print stormy Daniels oh I
think she's gross I don't find her
attractive at all I do not find her
attractive at all the Mad Professor to
do plastic a pump and there's everything
to do with 3d milling machines the CNC
machines yeah I agree with what you're
saying but that's not not how it's being
portrayed in the mainstream media and
let's face it if you are running CNC and
you're running a milling shop and you've
got your lathes
chances are you know how to make a gun
all right you're not doing it because
you're a law-abiding citizen and guys
unfortunately the stream is getting bad
again we've got to diagnose this cause I
don't want to put you through a bad
stream I'm seeing some problems on my
end here so I will be back with you on
Monday morning really interesting
conversation today I'm gonna think of
some cool topics before you then I'm
sure something it's gonna break over the
weekend with this White House and the
way liberals react to it something
always does you're an amazing amazing
weekend I will see you guys Monday
morning peace out
