leader of the suffragette movement in
Britain Emmeline Pankhurst is a legend
of the women's rights cause but she's
still not diverse enough I know I've
been talking about new movies and TV
shows removing white characters a lot
lately but an article published in May
that I discovered last night made me
think about this even more I think the
implications of changing characters on
the stage and on the big screen are
wide-ranging so here's the story I saw
it's about Beverly Knight a black
British actress and singer who I'm sure
is exceptionally talented is set to play
Emmeline Pankhurst in a new West End
musical that's the UK's equivalent of
Broadway I understand that theatre has a
long history of men playing women and
women playing men so this is I suppose
not a great surprise but I think the
difference here is that they are
portraying a historical character and if
they want to do her any justice why
don't they try and depict her in the
most accurate way possible take a look
at Emmeline Pankhurst
and then take a look at Beverly Knight
I mean come on I'm not being crazy am I
sure Emmeline Pankhurst was white but
she was also the leader of the
suffragette movement
she used militant tactics to push for a
women's suffrage and the UK isn't that
diverse enough she's the feminist dream
I see something dark and sinister here
I'm confident Beverley Knight will do a
great job portraying her but with these
obviously deliberate casting decisions
made so regularly doesn't it show us
that some people might be purposefully
attempting to rewrite history what
happens when every white character is
replaced by non-white transgender
feminist activists and what happens when
the story starts changing and people
stop reading history books and going by
what they see in theater and Hollywood
instead they want to take something
that's a positive movement and only
portray it as non-whites doing it this
sets a really dangerous example and it's
the beginning of the process
of wiping out European history I don't
like racism and that's why I don't like
white people being disregarded in this
manner so often just imagine the uproar
if Winnie Mandela was played by Meryl
Streep on Broadway if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
