to be the victim of something is a
horror to be bullied abused or beaten is
something that no sane person wishes on
themselves well the left is insane which
is why the new goal to be desired on the
left is to be a victim time after time
creating contrived hoaxes in hopes
they'll be perceived as a victim in the
eyes of the public why is this I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood racist
receipt hoax has become something of a
trend the most recent one coming from
Texas where a waiter named Cabell
claimed that the person he was serving
wrote quote we don't tip terrorists
unquote well it turns out this racist
receipt was made up by the waiter
himself who wrote down these words in
hopes that he'd be seen as a victim
however this comes on the heels of the
Red Lobster Fiasco this time coming from
Tennessee where an african-american
woman claimed that the n-word was
written on her receipt she shared a
photo of the receipt online that also
gave away these people's information and
they were hounded by the public after an
investigation turns out that this racist
receipt was also untrue but the damage
was done
Kelly Carter an African American
waitress in Virginia sent the social and
mainstream media abuzz when she said
that someone wrote quote we don't tip
blacks this also turned out to be a
complete hoax why because she wrote it
herself two things here one why do
people desire to be victims of hate
crimes two of these crimes are so
systemic why do people keep having to
make them up
I mean clearly every news out in the
country is just salivating to find the
next story no matter how far-fetched it
is as long as it has racism in it
Candace Owens famously speaks out
against this victim culture in her
recent Prager u video she talks about
the black card and how quote individuals
have used it to acquire both wealth and
influence unquote and that makes a lot
more sense after all why would people be
doing it if it wasn't a power play but
at what cost who are the victims in that
situation particularly in America where
there's almost nothing worse than being
labeled a racist it could cost you your
career your friends your family and how
can you prove your innocence over
someone's subjective interpretation of
your character well unfortunately a lot
of times you can't it's not a stain
easily washed away now obviously I know
that somewhere some person
do something like this and they should
be called out for making racist hateful
comments however these victims of
slander that I just mentioned we're
fortunate and lucky enough to have the
photos of their receipts themselves or
have lawyers to find them or have
managers or employees come forward and
to confirm their case
not everyone would be so lucky to be
able to show the truth to show who the
true perpetrators are and to vindicate
those people who are the true victims in
these situations I'm Ben Davis this is
pure Olly and another fantastic news you
can now download the revel up and take
me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content and the entire rebel
lineup
you
