with everything going on in the world
today and with all the challenges facing
Canada ranging from a lack of a future
free trade deal guarantee to an
increasingly porous border Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau once again
proves he has his priorities in order
for example one of the priority items
for the month of August is for Justin to
have well brunch with a reality TV star
well it's so jolly good to see our just
incredible Prime Minister announced that
he's taking time off from taking time
off in order to have brunch with one of
the stars of the queer eye and Tony
parofsky who is this shows food and wine
expert
apparently the duo shall consume copious
quantities of quiche and Merlot as they
discuss the quote importance of Pride
and canada's contributions to the world
today end quote
sounds riveting a and by the way what is
the over-under line here in terms of
Trudeau tearing up due to the way the
gay community was treated once upon a
time in Canada hey he already took part
in a dress rehearsal for this in the
House of Commons last year when he
offered yet again another misty-eyed
apology to the LGBTQ community
in any event when they meet later this
month Trudeau and parofsky
will enjoy what's being described as a
special pride themed brunch say what is
a special pride themed brunch and how
does it differ from a run-of-the-mill
Pride themed brunch I hope we get
answers to such important queries
speaking of matters of importance how
odd that the really crucial nitty-gritty
stuff ie making sure Canada will be part
of a new NAFTA deal or firming up our
borders or dealing with thousands of
irregular aliens or addressing acts of
terrorism taking place on Canadian soil
why is all that stuff being pushed to
the backburner niro supposedly fiddled
while Rome burned Trudeau surfs while
Canada flounders of note in a CTV report
the network breathlessly offers that
queer I launched in February and has
quickly become one of the Netflix's
breakout hits the reality show profile
is one person each episode and then
gives that person a head-to-toe makeover
including a new haircut and wardrobe Oh
my advice to the queer eye makeover
gurus is this whatever you do don't
pursue a Bollywood theme to reimagining
for the p.m. just in case that is indeed
part of the brunch and date Justin's
been there done that and it proved to be
an embarrassing disaster for the entire
Dominion in the meantime let me offer
some straight guy advice to mr. Trudeau
when you wrap up your surfing Safari in
BC and you've had your fill of special
pride themed virtue signaling brunches
could you kindly get back to oh I don't
know doing your job as Prime Minister I
imagine that negotiating complicated
trade deals and trying to come up with
solutions to the border fiasco might
prove to be a tad tedious but three
years ago you did indeed want to become
Prime Minister so how about acting like
one for a change for the rebel dog media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks the Breville has a new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
