tell me it's good to see you I'm very
sad for what you've been through but I'm
thrilled that you've been emancipated I
feel like you've been freed in so many
ways
yeah I'm so happy that you were abused I
don't want to I don't want to be
condescending but I think what they did
to you was a form of physical and
psychological abuse yeah
so I haven't had a conversation with
anyone tonight much I'm singing so other
than one hour twice where I swim my wife
and children even one hour only yeah and
when it's murderers get more time than
that and then I saw them it was a woman
for that one out it was a big thing too
I don't know by the end of it it's not
what I know it's just
I heard that in prison you had constant
threats is that true so what's gonna not
I face every day yeah
you know this heat that we've had I
couldn't have my cell windows open
because they would be spat through or
shit put through oh my god and so I had
my window shot all the time and then at
the same time as that I had just four
amoeba and then at the same time as I at
least was in my mother and my wife to
tell them that there's intelligence
there's gonna be acid attacks on them
now I don't know if you know how bad it
is for me I I don't even fit I don't
believe their Intel I think all of this
and the timing for all of it is so warm
on solid she can find him
and this is happening outside which I
can't deal with but when I do get a
chance to bring home I find that the
police track my house oh and my wife's
crying and they're scared and is there
really Intel saying that and every
everything they done do you know why
they moved you to add more dangerous
prison they moved me from HMP hole which
was the 7% Muslim population to the most
densely Muslim populated prison in the
country they give you a reason no if
they don't they give nice but they have
no reason but then what they I know why
they to do because what they then did is
they use the excuse of more safety which
don't when I got there they they put me
straight on salt chicken
they locked me straight away which was
23 and a half hours daily locked in a
room in the flu map and then for five
minutes day they opened the cat they
open the door and you walk into a cage
this size small and you walk around the
cage in your own and then they open the
door not the back in like an animal yeah
and they only do it and Joe you know if
every prisoner had that if that was the
sentence for prisoners it was the fact
that every other prisoner cell door
opens at 8 o'clock in the morning and
they're out of their cell working having
football playing Paul and then they get
locked up at 6 o'clock at night and
everything
I haven't done anything but because they
put me bought me time Muslim run prison
they used the excuse that this is why
they have to do that and how about the
food some Muslim prisoners were cooking
your food Sarah now had them to first
day how was your dinner time so I didn't
see much so most people who imprison you
come and while you're so clean did one
eat the company fruit you read widely
we're gonna put ice in your every
prisoner comes out you walk into a chat
kitchen canteen and you see the person
hand you dinner yeah prisoners yes for
Muslims yeah but I didn't even get to
see so that I could see what they've
done to order food my dinner was brought
to me on a plane and hand it to me at my
door and who knows what and then I've
got them telling me how was your dinner
Tonya oh yeah and it's easy to get
anything smoke and it's ants oh yeah so
essentially but then Lilly date the so
then the prison knew this and I prin
I've got a copy of everything I've been
complaint after complaint say that all
you need to do because I could only
spend 12 pound a week that's well pound
a week bought me five tins of tuna so
basically what I think if you visit in a
tuna a day and fruit that's just there
is a form of torture yeah and you know
what if they treat one time we'll be
prisoners better than you coming up but
I put in asking for I plan on asking so
I put in complaint saying I need I need
extra money you stop and buy food and
they they wouldn't let you buy the move
the in fact I think that people here
when you it's like enjoying what I've
seen him there was someone on the TV
some cleaning wipes expert oil a human
voice were talking about why I should be
in jail either one and I'm sitting in
jail thinking my human voice are
absolutely being abused
right now and not one person wears
Amnesty International where's reporters
without borders
it's not waste anyway when they said
back again it's like I know just tell me
how you just got home you met your wife
and your beautiful kids and I and I
don't want to keep you away from them at
all
but I just wanted to get a message from
you I was coming sick so uh with the
first people on my schedule I wanted to
sue and I'm going away Friday morning
something I'm so glad that you're still
here I look at the opportunity to shake
your hand and say I'm thanking my wife
thank you my children thank you and what
it's a rebel viewers they're the ones
who help yeah I know okay the marchers
they love you because you did so much
great work with us and we love that
you're we respect your work as an
independent guy it was our honor to help
you my friend when I saw you taking away
I thought we have one more mission with
Tommy I know and yet every person
wherever you are in the world who took
the opportunity to even donate to the
legal fund share the article share the
news stories just do you know the sort
of get that gave me so much tell me
about the emails because we we spread
the word a little bit about emails from
you've done it you've done it with James
Delano most recently how because you
have some how many letters do you get in
your two months inside oh I've got six
black bags this big this white were they
encouraging oh man it's like you know
some of the things to understand what I
understood from this sentence is that
something huge has happened not just our
country the whole world is feeling this
one I'm not my cause I've become a
symbol of something that everyone is
galvanized under and I'm realizing from
the letters and letters and letters I'm
reading them and people who have never
been politically minded people who have
not been interested in politics people
who feel so passionately and strongly
about this mook what's happening now and
the fact that they feel oppressed and I
could tell in those first few weeks but
over the months that something huge is
how something massive like a revolution
is brewing and people feel so angry and
and you know what what I did is as I've
read the letters I've read the letter
hello and every day from 2 o'clock to 6
o'clock that was my time that I'd sit
and read and that because I split my day
up into just to have those little
moments from the my door open to 12
o'clock that's a moment yeah so from
that and then I'm not separate their
letters into new stories and into things
and you know got understanding that
these people have taken the time I know
so many people's life stories that
they're telling me their stories their
life people arriving sim different
people from different countries writes
me every day I had 8 year old woman
she's one of the first people that when
I get back up all day I'm gonna go and
visit I want to spend a week good
chummy and you have a lot of fans out
there more I think than you ever have
before you also have people who are
gunning for you I am furious to hear
about what it was like in prison I'm
furious
we'll do whatever we can and just take a
week with your family and don't even
think about things they just couldn't
Nate so so part of what they believe
they're doing what this has been about
which is similar to avid in 2012 which
this is a you used to mentally break me
I believe and they still couldn't just
accept okay we're done was wrong and let
me go it what they've done is they're
gonna do it again yeah they're gonna
take me back to court good they're gonna
try and do all of this again well it's
like a dark cloud always hanging over I
need like take a week take take time
with your family when you come back we
can talk more privately yeah but what we
can do to help we want to help we don't
want to work in I said I'm going to lead
to crowd court and for the white music
you to be said though you don't know you
know because you would have maybe wanted
me to end up in prison but all the time
I said this yeah Tommy I I've said
you're the last lion yeah and I mean it
and you've inspired me personally you've
inspired thousands millions of people
and I just want to say one thing because
I promise people I would yeah I just
want to say
because they're gunning for you so hard
we all want you to be 10% more careful
and because 90% Tommy it's still better
than anyone else right and if and if a
90% Tommy like just not flooring it
if that keeps you out of jail or out of
been stabbed god forbid I've just had
people wanted me to tell you that you
know I felt I watched I saw I've lived
and watched I had a lot of time to
reflect so I lived and watched and saw
the probably you have a lot of people
who love you people you'll never even
know when it's time to watch to see the
effect is having my family again
passed on forgettable thing I'm glad
you're free someone connect with your
family my thanks thank you everything yl
thank you
it was wonderful to see Tommy again to
commiserate with him to give him hug in
a handshake and to see the beaming joy
of his beautiful wife and kids so happy
to reconnect with him but they surely
saw as I did that Tommy has lost 42
pounds he told me he was not a big man
going in to prison 42 pounds he's gone
his eyes are sunken he looks like a Pio
W forced to build the Burma railway or
something it looks like he was rescued
from torture because he was you heard
him the physical torture the
psychological torture Tommy knows that
he was messed up by the authorities in
prison I don't even think he knows how
badly I think he is health has been
permanently affected and that was on
purpose
the court of appeal smashed the
outrageous decision by the Leeds County
Court in May holy man contempt of court
so from a legal point of view Tommy was
vindicated but what about how he was
treated within the prison system that
was not addressed by the Court of Appeal
today and that is deeply troubling that
is deeply troubling and just as much as
the outrageous in the court I know that
if Tommy were a Muslim prisoner in
Guantanamo Bay or a Brit or an American
invasion
North Korea or Iran or a place like that
we would have a word for how Tommy was
treated and that word is torture for the
rebel dawn media i Mansur Levant I'm
back in London covering Tommy Robinson's
appeal because I don't believe a word
the mainstream media has to say about
him to support my journalism including
the cost of my airfare and hotel to get
here please go to Tommy Trial calm
you
