for the rebel dot media I'm Esther
Levant I am standing outside the Royal
Courts of Justice in London where a few
hours ago the Court of Appeal led by no
one less than the Lord Chief Justice of
England and Wales granted
Tommy's appeal against his contempt of
court conviction in May in Leeds it was
very brief in court the Lord Chief
Justice called the place to order and
very quickly he said that that
conviction in Leeds was quashed and that
there were procedural problems with it
and that there will be another hearing
in Leeds but Tommy is immediately
granted bail with only one condition he
has to go to that new hearing the the
court then did two other things they
released a formal written judgement and
they released a three page summary of
their judgement which I thought was very
helpful especially since it was written
in fairly plain English I have posted a
copy of that summary to my Twitter feed
and it'll also be on Tommy trial calm
I've gone through that three page
summary line by line and I'd like to
take you through it now because I want
to let you know just how resounding
Tommy's victory was because I don't
think the mainstream media who were
today out in force I don't think they're
gonna give Tommy a fair shot I I already
see the inherent bias against Tommy
Robinson they will grudgingly report
basic facts that they can't ignore that
he's out that he has he won the appeal
that the conviction was quashed but I do
not believe that the mainstream media
will tell you just how detailed the
absolutely scorching ruling was against
Tommy's treatment I'm gonna go through
it line by line so this is going to be
probably a ten minute video but I think
you should watch it if you care about
Tommy because I believe that the ruling
today shows that every single step of
the way Tommy was improperly treated by
the legal system he was improperly
tried he was improperly convicted he was
improperly sentenced and he was
improperly treated while in prison this
is no longer Tommy's opinion or the
opinion of his supporters like me it is
the opinion of no one less than the Lord
Chief Justice of England and Wales
himself so I am now going to go through
and you can see this document on our
website but let me take you through it
verbally so this is gonna be about 10
points here I'm gonna quote from this
summary which is a shorter version of
the formal judgment the court agrees
that the judge should not have commenced
the hearing of contempt proceedings that
day so this is the Court of Appeals
saying the judge in Leeds was wrong to
have rushed into a trial that very day
of Tommy Robinson for contempt there was
no reason to do that it was so shocking
since when in a free Western democracy
do we arrest try convict and sentence
someone in the course of hours
that's banana republic stuff and the
Court of Appeal was very strong on that
I'll read some more no particulars of
the contempt were formulated or put to
the appellant there was a muddle over
the nature of the contempt being
considered that's that's very important
contempt of court what does that mean it
can mean different things to different
people
what exactly did Tommy do that was wrong
and so incredibly it was not actually
spelled out for Tommy so he didn't know
the case that he had to meet his lawyers
couldn't mean it and how can you plead
guilty to something if you don't know
what that something is that to me is one
of the most stunning things of the
ruling today it was such an incredible
thing that happened two months ago and
finally we have the Court of Appeals
saying that just simply is not
permissible in a country where the rule
of law should flow like the United
Kingdom here's some more from this
summary of the ruling today in both the
short explanation given by the judge of
the general nature of the alleged
contempt and the sentencing remarks
there was reference to matters that
could not have been a brief
as in the judge in Leeds referred to
things that were not legally contempt of
court
that it again I mean you have the the
ruling by an Oxford trained judge the
Lord Chief Justice himself but let me
translate this into a phrase Tommy would
say he'd say it was a stitch-up this
ruling is a fancy way of saying it was a
stitch up here let me keep going through
I'm going through the three page summary
issued by the court surname now remember
in court in the UK in criminal matters
there is a written legal procedure
it's called criminal PR or Criminal
Procedure rules and let me quote again
from the summary today the failure to
follow part 48 criminal PR Criminal
Procedure rules was more than technical
let me explain what that means sometimes
in a court case if not all the I's are
dotted and T's are crossed it's not that
important the law doesn't care about a
triviality but when you're talking about
contempt of Courts these these are not
trivial T's these are essential and it
is essential that whatever Tommy
allegedly did wrong was put to him and
that the rules were followed here the
judge says the rules of Criminal
Procedure were not followed again
Tommy's been saying that well really for
years about the way he's always been in
a stitch-up but today to hear it from
the Lord Chief Justice this should be
reverberating throughout every court in
the UK let me continue here's the point
I've made many times and many other lay
observers have made it's refreshing and
vindicating to hear it from the Lord
Chief Justice and I quote there was no
clarity about what the appellant was
admitting or on what basis he was being
sentenced do you understand the
importance of that it is a fact that
Tommy pled guilty he was under pressure
he was under stress this was a drumhead
trial it was foreshortened it was too
quick he probably thought he would get
some lenience in fact he did get a
gentle lenience from the court they
shaved a few months off him hmm but how
can you plead guilty if
do not know to what you were pleading
guilty and maybe the judge has a
different thing in his minds that he
thinks you're pleading guilty to and you
have a different thing in your mind but
if there's no meaning in their minds
because no one bothers a particular eyes
his content how on earth is that justice
what a rebuke this is from the court of
appeal this could be written in more
florid language by any pundits and he
conservative pundit over the last two
months but it's come from the Lord Chief
Justice himself this is a mighty ruling
and I doubt that you'll be getting this
detail from the media party now I want
to talk about something called
mitigation let's say you've done
something wrong let's say you've broken
the law let's say you're convicted and
pled guilty let's say all that is done
that's not the end of it there's
something called mitigation which is
anything in your defense can you can you
testify any can you bring forward any
facts can you for example show that this
was not done on purpose can you show
that you're generally of good character
can you can you show anything to come to
the to show a leniency to to get a mercy
or to balance out what you did wrong
that's called mitigation and let me read
to you what the court said about that
again I'm quoting from the three the
three page summary further difficulties
arose from the limited opportunity that
counsel had to investigate mitigation
there was little else which counsel
could have done within the constraints
under which he was working so understand
what the words there mean counsel that's
Tommy's public defender lawyer remember
Tommy didn't even have time to call up
his regular lawyer he was given a public
defender who didn't know him who was not
an expert in the law of contempt now and
and the the court here rightfully does
not blame that lawyer thankfully there
was a lawyer there at all but that
lawyer did not have time to properly get
facts about Tommy's mitigation that
lawyer didn't have time to properly
research the law of contempt a very
obscure area of law that most lawyers
don't practice and most judges don't
touch either so the Court of Appeal says
that this was not properly done by the
trial judge
and he doesn't even blame the public
defender he says what on earth could the
public defender have done in a few short
hours but very scathing I want to read
some more about this this is quoting
from the three-page brief the level of
detail which could be provided to the
court was very limited and there was no
opportunity to obtain character
references that's just one example of
the problem when you're rushing a trial
what was the rush what on earth was the
reason to have Tommy to be thrown in
prison that moment that he couldn't even
be permitted to get a proper lawyer and
do some proper research let me continue
the judges took aim at the shocking 13
months sentence my own cursory research
obviously I'm not a UK lawyer but my own
cursory research shows that there has
not been a journalist in the United
Kingdom who has been imprisoned for
contempt of court since the 1940s it's
it's just not done and yet Tommy's
thrown in prison for 13 months well let
me read what the Court of Appeal had to
say about that and again you're not
hearing from some right wing bloggers
here you're hearing from the Lord Chief
Justice himself the absolute top judge
in England and Wales presided over this
three-judge panel and let me tell you
what the three page summary published by
the court today said about that a sense
of proportion must be retained where a
custodial term of considerable length is
imposed it should not usually occur so
quickly after the conduct which is
complained of what does that mean one of
those words mean a sense of proportion
that is if someone does something small
he ought not to be sentenced longer than
many rapists are sentenced if something
was done that requires a custodial
sentence as in imprisonment well let the
Court reflect soberly
what's the haste if a man is to lose his
Liberty for 13 months
what is the haste 13 months you can't
even wait 13 hours for a proper trial so
the Court of Appeal was very stern on
this as well they should be as well they
should be and again Tommy would say
stitch-up let me tell you how the Lord
Chief Justice put it in this summary of
his larger verdict a sentence of
committal to immediate custody had been
pronounced within five hours of the
conduct taking place that is not justice
in the United Kingdom or any Western
democracy that is what you expect in
Venezuela that's what you expect in Iran
that's what you expect in Turkey that is
not what you expect in the land of the
Magna Carta the mother of Parliament's
the place that gave us freedom for the
whole Commonwealth and inspired the
world I think the Court of Appeal was
downright embarrassed by that and and
there were skeptics who thought oh this
is gonna be a stitch-up they brought in
the absolute top judge to make it
official from the top no no what
happened is by bringing in the absolute
top judge in the UK you brought in
someone with enough moral gravitas
enough authority and reputation then he
alone could rebuke the entire system
with confidence and independence there
were people who said ah this senior
judge means the fixes in no the opposite
happened don't you think anyone who held
out hope for the rule of law was
vindicated here you have the top judge
in the UK going through line by line
saying yes Tommy's right yes Tommy's
right yes I'm he's right not because
he's a political Friend or Foe of
Tommy's but because he loves the law the
Lord Chief Justice lived up to that
ancient office almost eight hundred
years eight hundred years old that
office is almost as old as as the Magna
Carta itself can you believe it and I
think it was well served today I'm gonna
read a little bit more and this goes to
Tommy's treatment in prison and we've
talked about this before about how
contempt being committed for contempt is
different from being convicted for a
criminal offense lawyers say a criminal
offense requires a guilty mind mens rea
a' is the latin now Tommy obviously did
not have a guilty mind when he was
outside the court in fact the opposite
he was taking steps to stay in
accordance with the law he was making
sure he wasn't standing on court
property when vide
humans making sure he only said accused
rapists not that they were convicted he
you could see he was taking steps there
was a moment in this livestream where he
looked to the side and asked the police
officer am i okay to stand here and he
received affirmation Tommy did not have
a guilty mind he was certainly not a
criminal
but listen to this from the 3 page
summary of the judgment today the order
at Leeds Crown Court was also
erroneously drawn up to suggest the
appellant had been convicted of a
criminal offense rather than having been
committed for contempt of court that is
no minor mistake that is no that is no
technicality Tommy is not a criminal
what he did there was not criminal it
was contempt yes but it was not a
malicious act and he was imprisoned in a
manner well let me read don't listen to
me listen to the judge this is a summary
of the judges findings again this is a
three page summary issued by the court
errors like this have serious
consequences upon the classification of
prisoners resulting in the deprivation
of privileges and release unlicensed as
in Tommy's brutal incarceration his
solitary confinement the constant
threats of violence he faces in prison
that all flowed from the judges errors
Judge Jeffrey Marcin up there in Leeds I
want to read I want to read one more
there's a minor point but it just goes
to how bloody many errors that judge in
Leeds made one more point this is from
the three page summary in this case it
also resulted in the erroneous
imposition of a victim surcharge so
Tommy was forced to pay money and that
is legally inappropriate because that
only has done to people who commit a
crime what Tommy did in Leeds was not a
crime I sat through the hearing a couple
of weeks ago and I did my best to listen
and type as fast as I could
notes of all the arguments made by
Tommy's lawyers and I
I mean maybe I'll review things more
carefully but I have not seen a single
arguments made by Tommy's team that was
rejected in fact they were all accepted
the only thing that was dismissed was
sort of a longshot argument that Tommy's
lawyers made to appeal the conviction in
Canterbury in 2017 yeah there was a long
shot I'm glad they made it I'm glad they
turned over every stone I don't think it
ever had a chance of success it's
irrelevant anyways because it was the
conviction in Leeds that was quashed so
let's recap and I'm sorry I went long
here but I want you to know just how
brutal this ruling is as to the false
and illegal ruling in Leeds everything
about the Leeds contempt conviction was
wrong it was wrong to have a drumhead
hearing that very minutes it was wrong
not to let Tommy get proper legal
counsel it was wrong not to have Tommy's
legal counsel have a chance to pull
together the facts in the law it was
wrong that they did not spell out the
particulars of what Tommy allegedly did
that was contemptuous it was wrong it
was wrong that Tommy didn't know what he
was pleading guilty to it was wrong that
the sentencing from arrest to sentencing
took five hours it was wrong to have a
13 month conviction disproportionate is
what this court said it was wrong that
he was sentenced as a criminal as
opposed to just being committed for
contempt which is a different thing it's
a civil offense there's there's no mens
rea oh there's no guilty minds and it
was wrong that because of these other
errors Tommy has endured two months as a
genuine political prisoner and I say
that thoughtfully I don't want to throw
around the word political prisoner
Britain is still a great liberal
democracy but not in the case of Tommy
Robinson they weren't I told you all the
flaws and what resulted from all those
flaws what resulted from this stitch-up
was that Tommy has been in effectively
solitary confinement for two months for
what for a political journalism crime
not a crime as the judges say for two
months
for a political disagreement with the
authorities he's been in solitary he's
been suffering threats of violence
within prison I won't get I'll do a
separate video where I articulate those
but I just wanted the purpose of this
video for you to know just how much of a
vindication
today's ruling was for Tommy Robinson
and everything he's ever said I note
that Tommy's first book a best-seller by
the way called the enemy of the state
and someone would read that and say
Tommy are you sure you're not
exaggerating are you really being
treated as a political prisoner come on
surely that's a conspiracy theory this
is the UK it's not Vladimir Putin's
Russia it's not heir to one's Turkey
this is the United Kingdom well you can
no longer ignore Tommy's complaints
about the inherent bias and the
establishment because no one left less
than the top judge in the entire United
Kingdom has agreed on every substantive
point
Tommy Robinson is not guilty of contempt
was mistreated and has thankfully been
set free now the matter will if the
Attorney General wants to be returned to
Leeds for a proper hearing and we'll
cross that bridge when it comes but
everything you have read about Tommy
especially that odious ruling on May
25th has been shredded and devastated by
the Royal Courts of Justice here today
this is a great day for freedom and a
great day for those who held out hope
for their friend Tommy Robinson for the
rebel media i Mansur lavance I'm back in
London covering Tommy Robinson's appeal
because I don't believe a word the
mainstream media has to say about him to
support my journalism including the cost
of my airfare and hotel to get here
please go to Tommy Trial calm
you
