like so many others I harbor a love-hate
relationship with the internet and how
it has impacted society but I now have
an entirely new reason to load the
Internet it's called bronies I know we
all live in a world where we're not
supposed to say what's right and what's
wrong and we're not supposed to be
judgmental and we're supposed to be
accepting of the fact that there are oh
I don't know 442 genders and Counting
well for starters buying into all that
politically correct potpourri makes for
a hard sell when it comes to yours truly
and while it takes something really
truly disturbing to rattle the menzards
cage I got to tell you my cage is
rattling as though it's being cut up in
a category 5 hurricane
thanks to brony culture
bronies you see are predominantly adult
male aficionados of the My Little Pony
Friendship is Magic cartoon series a
show that has a target demo of I imagine
little girls aged 3 to 7 and so fervent
is their love of this cartoon series
that the bronies which in itself is a
disturbing word when you think of it
folks a combination of bro and pony
anyway such as their love of this show
that they incent assemble on mass for a
weekend every summer in Baltimore which
they call Baltimore get it to attend a
convention called BroNYCon now BroNYCon
2018 just wrapped up on sunday which was
attended by some 10,000 bronies 10,000
I'll pause here to allow the enormity of
that number to fully sink in now full
disclosure I'm of mixed emotions when it
comes to BroNYCon for example on the one
hand I truly admire the entrepreneurial
genius of the individual who somehow
some
'we determined that there was a large
enough audience of mature men that would
pack an entire convention hall and buy
copious quantities of little plastic
ponies usually bought by the parents of
girls who are attending grade ii so in
that regard hey happy capitalism as my
business analyst friend toulouse jesus
likes to say but on the other hand
BroNYCon and bronies they're weird weird
to the nth degree now granted people
have the right to be weird if they want
to be weird it's all part and parcel of
this little thing called freedom after
all however there's something undeniably
disturbing about this particular slice
of pop culture especially those in the
BroNYCon community who identify as
Kloppers these are guys who how can I
put this politely folks they engage in
self pleasure
pertaining to imagery of My Little Pony
characters such as Rainbow Dash or
Pinkie Pie now for me this kind of
conjures up a vibe that channels the two
biggest sexual taboos in the history of
people kind namely pedophilia and
bestiality oh and don't think that I'm
being unnecessarily cruel or alarmist
here folks because earlier this week a
55 year old Ottawa artist Tom Y 'some
who once helped animate My Little Pony
cartoons were sentenced to 28 months in
prison for possessing more than 60,000
images of child pornography and sharing
them online according to an Ottawa
citizens story many of the pictures and
videos found in Y soms possession by
police depicted adults engaging in
sexual behaviors with children some of
the images featured bondage
he writes now I'm by no means suggesting
that all bronies are sexual deviants but
I find it absolutely baffling that this
counterculture
has reached enough of a critical mass
that a few years ago there was actually
a documentary produced about this fan
base called
nice the extremely unexpected adult fans
of My Little Pony here check out an
excerpt from the trailer the caution
parental guidance strongly recommended I
was just sitting here I just living day
to day I didn't really have anything to
look forward to as soon as ponies came
into my life I was like wow I never want
the day to end if you choose to be a
brony in Appalachia mountains you're
gonna have problems they had tire irons
baseball bats they're all laughing tall
meaning gay girly queer sometimes I'll
just listen to a lesson and go oh yeah
before I watch the show I was kind of
sad and lonely and he said what would
you think mom if I said I really liked
my little pony her initial reaction was
a bit like yeah I'd be worried about you
I'll I'm not interested in watching my
little pony I heard about decided that I
really wanted to go my son was hell-bent
on going so I feel like I got roped into
it just being out of the norm or out of
their norm they just don't like that I'm
gonna be Who I am nobody's gonna tell me
otherwise
you know one day a student of psychiatry
is going to write as master's degree
thesis on this phenomenon assuming he's
not driven insane himself during the
research process all of which brings me
back to my love-hate relationship with
the Internet you see in the days before
there was an information superhighway an
adult male obsessed with a cartoon
program four little girls would think oh
my god what's wrong with me how can this
be happening
I need professional counseling but today
that same guy goes online and presto he
discovers to his absolute delight and
amazement that there are thousands of
cartoon Pony loving dudes just like him
thus what once would have been deemed a
severe mental illness affliction is
normalized just by sheer numbers alone
and so it is today that there are
conventions and documentaries and fan
clubs whereas back in the pre-internet
era an adult male with the propensity to
latch on to a girly girl cartoon would
likely have decided to oh I don't know
voluntarily institutionalize himself
also invariably many will ask if I've at
least had the decency to sit down and
watch an episode of My Little Pony so
I'll address that anticipated question
right here right now folks the answer is
no I have never even seen a snippet of a
My Little Pony episode and full
disclosure it's not that I am remiss
when it comes to doing research it's
just that I'm scared to death that I
might actually like the damn thing
myself thereby descending rapidly into a
deeply dark bias fear of the bizarre one
that I might never be able to return
from for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks rebel has
a new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
