I'm Ezra Levin for the rebel dot media I
have been here in London all day
although I only needed 15 minutes that's
how brief the the procedure was in court
for of the court of appeal where the
Lord Chief Justice announced that he was
accepting Tommy Robinson's appeal and
dismissing the contempt conviction
against him in Leeds granting him bail
and sending him home it was it was so
sudden it was startling I've since
reviewed the decision in some detail of
the judge and I have another video on
that but I would like to share with you
some information that I have not
properly vented either during the appeal
hearing itself or earlier today I want
to talk to you a little bit about
Tommy's treatment in prison and I say
again according to the three-judge panel
of the Court of Appeal Tommy should not
have been in prison and even if he ought
to have been in prison his treatment in
prison was inappropriate so let's put
aside the the court ruling and let me
just tell you the facts about what Tommy
has lived through since that May 25th
sentence remember that Tommy first was
sent to Her Majesty's Prison Hull which
from what I can understand is one of the
safer prisons in the United Kingdom for
Tommy by safer I don't mean that it's
not full of criminals of course it is
but it is not dominated by Muslim prison
gangs understand that in many prisons in
the UK there are an awful lot of Muslims
in prison for offenses including violent
offences even including for terrorism
but an awful lot of people who go to
prison convert to Islam to be protected
by the Muslim gang if you convert to
Islam you will be protected by the other
other Muslim prisoners if you do not
you're at risk of violence this gang
effectively runs the prison they're
running a halal manner five prayers a
day how
food they're the bosses and they can
carry out thought was within prison so
Tommy was transferred from Her Majesty's
Prison hull to HMP only a much more
Islamized prison there was no warning
explanation or appeal given whatsoever
this was not done by the by the courts
this was done by some nameless faceless
political bureaucrat buried within the
prison system it's a disgrace and we
need to find out who did that because
there's only one reason to move Tommy
from a safe prison to Her Majesty's
Prison Onley and that is either to get
Tommy killed at the hands of a Muslim
prison gang or to force him to do what
they knew he would do because he's done
it before to request to be put in
solitary confinement to save his own
life but the thing is you cannot live
for 13 months in solitary confinement
you'll go mad it would be regarded as
torture but that's where Tommy was
placed and let me tell you some facts I
have learned about what it's like I mean
it's bad enough that Tommy's in solitary
but let me tell you some examples of
what the prison did to him when he was
in jail prisoners would regularly be
given access to the front of Tommy's
cell and they would open up the flap to
his cell and shout at him threats and
this was permitted by the prison it's
obviously a form of psychological
torture let me give you more examples
there is a window in Tommy's cell fir
for a breeze in the hot summer but
prisoners were permitted to go up to the
window and spit into Tommy's cell which
is a form of assault and battery and
it's gross and it's psychologically
abusive so Tommy had to shut his window
in this particularly hot British summer
Tommy's cell door remember he was in his
cell and it was locked he was locked in
to protect him from the other prisoner
well on at least three occasions his
cell door was accidentally
not locked accidentally eh
be a shame if an accident happened to
Tommy in prison who was it in the
British prison system who was trying to
get Tommy murdered
Tommy is was only allowed to phone home
during the lunch hour so he was unable
to speak with his children because they
were at school that is an arbitrary and
punitive decision by the prison and as I
reported when I was at the hearing on
three occasions when Tommy's lawyers
tried to meet with him on one occasion
that meeting was cancelled by the prison
no explanation no warning no appeal just
cancelled that's how you treat a
political prisoner that's not a prisoner
in the UK is it and on the two occasions
they did meet those meetings were cut
short the jailers slow-walked
took their time to bring Tommy to the
lawyers cut those legal meetings in half
that's one of the reasons Tommy's delay
was filed late because he couldn't get a
proper meeting with the lawyers let me
ask you a question some would say that
solitary confinement is a form of
torture I don't know about that but I
know it is for thirteen months and I
know it is for thirteen months where
other prisoners are allowed to come
right up to you and shout threats into
your prison threats of murder and
threats against Tommy's wife I know it's
a form of torture when people are
allowed to spit at you with the
permission or the blind-eye the
willfully blind eye of the prison
authorities so much so that he had to
bake in this hot British summer and we
now know because of the court appeal
ruling today that not only was this
conviction in in a false conviction not
only was it legally inappropriate and
flawed in every way not only do we know
that a 13 month imprisonment was
absurdly disproportionate but we also
know that deeming Tommy a criminal we're
in fact contempt of court in this case
was not a crime put him in this abusive
position falsely every single thing that
Tommy and his supporters have said was
indicated today I'm so glad he's going
home but you know what justice is not
fully done
Tommy's conviction was quashed but we
still don't know who or why tommy was
treated this way in prison why he was
sent to a more dangerous prison and why
this abusive treatment of him was
countenance by the prison authorities
that demands to be answered for the
rebel media I'm Azhar Levant I'm back in
London covering Tommy Robinson's appeal
because I don't believe a word the
mainstream media has to say about him to
support my journalism including the cost
of my airfare and hotel to get here
please go to Tommy trial calm
you
