riddle me this law-abiding gun fans
what's Dumber
and more useless than a handgun ban how
about a ban on ammunition something that
was actually proposed for the province
of Ontario
well legal gun owners raise a toast to
the Doug Ford pcs for yet another
victory and the name of common sense has
occurred as you know the interior
liberals were booted from office in June
and their bill 30 which actually made it
the second reading was recently taken
behind the Queen's Park barn and shot
between its beady little eyes bill 30
was the crowning achievement of former
minister of affirmative action Mitzi
hunter like its author bill 30 is
cosmically stupid simply put this bill
would have allowed Ontario
municipalities to ban the sale of
handgun ammunition even for the police
and military yeah that's right disarm
the good guys and hope that the bad guys
follow suit based on what the honor
system can you imagine the conversations
amongst the gangbangers hey dog let's
rob that jewelry store today and if any
chump gives us a problem we'll just put
a plug in his head whoa hang on there
Mugsy
didn't you hear there's an ammo band now
all we can use is harsh language Oh as a
side note are there still any bad guys
called Mugsy anymore
but you know let's just pretend the
Liberals didn't fall and Ontario did
implement a bullet bond and let's even
say the province built a trumpian wall
around the entire province so that
everybody coming into Ontario was
frisked airport security style to ensure
that not a single bullet would ever
enter aside from the debilitating cost
of this fantasy if there's one thing we
all learned from Eugene and the walking
dead is that some people actually know
how to make bullets out of metal on a
DIY basis
ouch that was a bad batch you know you
really got to be careful when you
combine metallurgy and gunpowder but the
point is would mitzi hunter have
proposed a ban on metal - and hope that
nobody figures out how to make bullets
out of wood
thankfully that question is now academic
hunter and her virtue signaling liberal
ilk have been reduced from a majority
government to a minivan party one that
has only seven seats gee I wonder how
that happened for the rebel media I'm
David the benzoate Benzies hey folks the
Breville has a new app please download
that app and take the rebel with you
wherever you go
you
