last Thursday night Ford said he was
gutting Toronto's municipal government
by cutting the number of city councilors
from 47 to 25 ahead of the October 22nd
municipal election and the look on the
faces of so many of these career
politicians who were on cruise control
was absolutely priceless it was as
though they had just taken a drag on one
of those joke store cigars you know the
kind that explode in your mouth at a
certain point and when the shock wore
off out came the over-the-top
pronouncements you know that Ford's move
was undemocratic that it was a thinly
veiled personal vendetta against Mayor
John Tory that there was no consultation
that the changes were being done well
just too darn fast you know that last
complaint is the funniest folks you see
the Toronto election is almost three
months away for those in the private
sector in which decisions must be dealt
with on a daily basis three months is an
eternity but for many politicians a
three month deadline is like asking for
a task to be completed yesterday you see
government likes to take its sweet time
when it gets around to that whole
governance part of government which is
probably why just about every
government-run construction program I
can think of never came in ahead of
deadlines and always came in over budget
of course but as Premier Ford noted in
the interior legislature the other day
his government is cut from a different
cloth than those politicians who worship
at the altar of tax-and-spend that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
