for the rebel media I'm Angela van I'm
here at the Royal Courts of Justice John
Carson and Jeremy Dean Tommy Robinson's
to lead lawyers had a successful day
today because the matter has been
referred back to the Leeds Court for a
rehearing neither mr. Deane or mr.
Carson want to appear on camera because
the matter is still technically before
the courts and of course they want to
make their case in the court of law and
not the court of public opinion but they
did issue as statements to all the media
and I'd like to go through it briefly
because I think it sums up accurately
what happens there's a very brief court
hearing today in fact it was over in
about ten minutes but let me read to you
the statement that was issued by Carson
Kay Tommy's solicitor in the wake of the
hearing ready Carson Kay statement
regarding the Court of Appeal judgment
in the case of Stephen lemon Lenin also
known as Tommy Robinson he's gonna read
through this letter for you firstly we
wish to thank the Court of Appeal for
their detailed judgment it is expertly
put together and analyzes and clarifies
a very complex area of law in an
important case I should say that that
judgment was not read out in full but it
has been issued in writing by the court
mr. Robinson has been successful in
appealing the finding of contempt of
court made by Leeds Crown Court and that
finding has been quashed
that means the conviction on May 25th
was improper and it's being thrown out
this means that the Attorney General
will now decide if a Crown Court should
hold a rehearing in the contempt
proceedings originally brought before
Leeds Crown Court in the meantime mr.
Robinson has been granted bail so that's
interesting it suggests that the
Attorney General does not necessarily
have to have a rehearing of contempt I
suspect that they will though because
there are no fans of Tommy the Court of
Appeal found the decision by Canterbury
Crown Court to be correct that was sort
of a longshot appeal by Tommy's lawyers
to try and overturn the contempt
conviction in Canterbury a year ago when
Tommy was with the rebel media I thought
it was a bit of a long shot but I'm glad
they tried the rule of law and the right
to a fair hearing are fundamental to
every end of
and this ruling an example of the
procedural safeguards of our system and
its potential for protecting every
citizen equally that's such an important
point it's so clear that the political
establishment despises Tommy Robinson
because he challenges their narrative
but it's good to see that the Court of
Appeal upholds the rule of law
even for politically unpopular people
unpopular amongst the elite I think
Tommy's popular with the grassroots let
me keep reading the letter from Carson
Kane what makes the British system so
unique is the ability to set aside
personal feelings and deal with the law
in each case on its merits
all right that's a feel-good statement
finally our thanks go out to Jeremy Dean
QC and Kerry Rowan of 25 Bedford Roe who
have worked tirelessly alongside our
lawyers to clarify the law on contempt
and in conjunction with our team to
argue this appeal fearlessly as is the
overriding duty of defense lawyers
within our criminal justice process the
ongoing legal proceedings prevent us
from commenting further so there you
have it a statement by John Carson of
Carson Kay and I would like to say thank
you to all the rebel viewers around the
world who contributed to the crowd fund
that paid for this legal team that
brought a successful result for the
rebel media I'm as free lavance I'm back
in London covering Tommy Robinson's
appeal because I don't believe a word
the mainstream media has to say about
him
to support my journalism including the
cost of my airfare and hotel to get here
please go to Tommy Trial calm
you
