for the rebel thought media I'm Angela
van there is a festival feeling outside
here in the Royal Courts of Justice a
lot of happy Tommie Robinson supporters
people have come in from around the
country and in my case from around the
world lots of police they were here I'm
not sure who they thought would be
trouble the Tommie Robinson supporters
are very peaceful and very happy there's
a little shouty group of anti fel let's
go over to the playpen where they have
been shut in it's the kids room it's
sort of like at Christmas where the kids
have to sit at the kids table here the
professional protestors of an tyfa are
all allied and i have to say it says
white as the klan it's as white as the
Ku Klux Klan it's sort of a Jeremy
Corbyn meeting this week it's about
Tommy Robinson last week it was about
Donald Trump before that it was about
Israel whatever it is they're a bunch of
shouting leftist others one there's one
refugee activist here as well Tommy
Robinson's free guys and you're still
antipholuses
it's such a pleasure to see those show
tea and he was so unhappy while the
severely normal Tommy supporters are
celebrating his victory they came here
to dance on his grave but they're the
losers behind the fences and Tommy is
free for the rebel media
I'm Ezra lavance I'm back in London
covering Tommy Robinson's appeal because
I don't believe a word the mainstream
media has to say about him to support my
journalism including the cost of my
airfare and hotel to get here please go
to Tommy Trial calm
you
