oil-rich socialist hellhole Venezuela is
limiting their fuel and gasoline rations
to political loyalists and pampered
North American socialists are suddenly
missing in action late in 2017 as the
left in North America freaked out about
Russia or Trump or basically anything
else Venezuela was ramping up their
political surveillance of their citizens
and preparation of a coming election the
government brought in something called
the homeland card sounds innocuous but
this thing isn't an ID card
Venezuelans already have an ID card this
is a card to access the government
without registering for the homeland
card the Venezuelans can't access public
health care universities or even
subsidized food and food has gotten so
scarce in Venezuela that people are
reduced to eating rats and zoo animals
and donkeys to survive the homeland card
links and tracks anyone who requests and
receives government handouts or
government services to their official
government records and that's why 15
million Venezuelans have already signed
up for it many will starve to death if
they don't in Venezuelans also need this
card to vote Venezuelans were required
to personally take a photo of their
homeland card as it was being scanned by
a voting machine and then they would
send that card they took themselves to a
government official or they're lying
manager at work if they didn't do this
they would have their government
supports cancelled and if they worked
for the government
they could be automatically fired from
their jobs voters were then forced to
turn out for one of Venezuela's sham
elections or face starving to death and
losing their jobs this card itself is
like a plastic version of the Stasi it
tracks the movements and needs and
political leanings of every citizen who
has signed up for it and now the card is
being used to reward
or punish Venezuelans and noticeably
silent in the face of the Stalin istic
intimidation and manipulation our North
America's so-called democratic
socialists Canada's Chavez loving New
Democratic Party and American Democratic
socialists like Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
and Bernie Sanders are pretending like
Venezuela isn't even happening right now
while standing on their fraudulent
concern for the poor working class as a
reason to replicate Venezuelan policies
here in North America it is nuts the
socialist utopia of the left is now
forcing its citizens to choose between
liberty or starvation and the mainstream
media is falling over itself to ask
softball questions at Democratic
socialists Venezuela has the world's
largest proven oil reserves and yet they
are in an energy and fossil fuel drought
because they nationalize our energy
sector chased away private investment
and then they discovered that they
didn't have a clue what they were doing
when it came to private enterprise
there's not enough fossil fuel energy to
fuel the country of Venezuela right now
the Merkel press is now reporting that
Venezuela is taking steps to divert its
dwindling gasoline supply to vehicle
owners who are politically loyal to
president Nicolas Maduro Maduro has
ordered a national census to determine
how many vehicle owners in Venezuela
possessed that electronic monitoring
homeland identity card Maduro is trying
to find out the political activities of
car owners before he allows them to buy
the gasoline they need and the reason
why we should all care about this beyond
the unreal human suffering experienced
by innocent Venezuelans is that
Venezuela is the practice of the
socialism that far left Democrats and
New Democrats here in Canada want they
advocate for Venezuelan style socialists
here and that's the mainstream left
they're no longer the fringe radicals I
mean Justin Trudeau he's a liberal but
he did just buy a pipeline and the New
Democrats here in
Berta promised to take an ownership
stake in that pipeline the new
Democratic Socialist keep telling us
that socialism is for the people that it
sucks the concentration of power at the
top and it makes everybody equal under
the law they tell me socialism ends
political cronyism but what's happening
right now in Venezuela is far worse than
cronyism or awarding contracts to
friends and politically connected
insiders this is rewarding and awarding
the basics of life to only the
politically connected the chosen few
deemed worthy of life by the government
this is evil just look at how democratic
socialists with whom you disagree treat
you online or anywhere else they call
you names like Nazi which is literally
the worst thing that a human can be
called or they dehumanize you all
together by calling you a sewer rat or
some other ridiculous name do you think
for a second that if they were in power
they wouldn't determine you to be
unworthy of the necessities of life for
the rebels out media I'm Shiela gunnery
Venezuela has a gas shortage right now
but you know who doesn't environment in
climate change Minister Catherine
McKenna to see my story about her
private vanity bus service and to sign
my petition go to carbon Catherine
dot-com
you
