so join my normal morning coffee and
scroll through Twitter I saw Michael
Moore's face on my feed which is not
something you want to see in the morning
is it Michael Moore what I don't get and
they're not gonna be mean and navigate
his way in all that some people are
chubby whatever Wow he's more than chewy
like maybe I am being mean about his way
but he just he makes me uncomfortable
just the way he looks he's has he got
zero pride in his appearance he's always
wearing some horrible hat maybe covering
a bald spot in which case either embrace
it or do a magnificent comb-over like
Trump but he just looks sweaty and out
of breath and if he wants to be taken
seriously as a voice of reason maybe you
should turn up in a nice suit once in a
while maybe you should sort out his hair
hey but anyway this time he's sticking
his nose in on Briggs it and what I
found really funny with this I want to
watch it with you I've already watched a
bit but I've not seen the whole thing
what makes me laugh about this is to
remember a while ago when he did that
video about Trump and it ended up being
clipped and used as a pro Trump video
which was really funny I think he's kind
of doing that again with brexit because
he's really flattering about the UK at
the beginning of this video as I say
I've not seen all of it so let's just
have a look and see what he says about
breaks it
you can't leave Europe there'd be no
Europe without you you saved Europe you
sacrificed hundreds of thousands of
lives to save Europe not once but twice
I think brags it counts as the third
time we saved Europe to think that that
this great country would want to then
say at this point in the 21st century
yeah not for that we're done you can't
leave I'm sorry it can't go because
we've seen that they can't do it without
you they need you as much as you need
them they can't do it without you Europe
those those small-minded stupid
Europeans Michael Moore eh they can't do
it without Britain you got zero faith in
Europe that they can't possibly do
something without the help of the Brit
I thought that was imperialism I thought
that was colonialism I thought that was
the brits being so big-headed and full
of themselves thinking that the rest of
the world can't survive without us so we
leave the Empire's over and then Michael
Moore the king of the left ODS comes
along and says no Britain please come
back we need your imperialism we can't
do it without the Brits is this their
argument now I wonder whether Michael
Moore is genuinely just trying to
flatter us so much that we kind of see
it as a populist angle a patriotic angle
were that the world needs the Brits so
we can't possibly leave the European
Union
even though leaving the European Union
means re-entering our position on the
world stage and becoming a world leader
a driving and competitive economy again
I come what these people out there's so
much hypocrisy it's insane they need you
as much as you need them we all need
each other they need you as much as you
need yeah they do need us that's why
we'll be fine
when we leave the European Union on our
own terms because they'll come crawling
back because they need our economy
simple as that the world is we're not
going to survive
whether it's climate change whether it's
globalization whether it's all the
things that have been going on we're not
going to survive unless we realize we're
all in the same boat together and we're
gonna sink or swim together and I prefer
not to sink that's why we left the
European Union the whole bloody project
is sinking and so is the economy so I'll
do my part people listening to your part
here but you know I'm telling you you
get off that channel train after you've
left Europe you're gonna be standing on
a long there in Paris
you're gonna miss half the day in Paris
standing in that line I have to stand in
I see so really it's not about Europe
being independent Europe having its own
individual nation-states and pride in
its individuality it's not about that
it's about the economy and it's about
Michael Moore's convenience he doesn't
want to stand in a line to wait for a
visa although presumably he would have
to anyway because he's American and not
English if it means
standing in a queue for a visa to go to
Paris which by the way I've never go to
because it's not exactly a beautiful
place anymore if I was going to Paris I
had to stand in a queue for a little
while so be it so be it if I have to get
a visa so be it if I have to get
something stamped on my passport to
enter the European Union once we leave I
don't care
there's more to life than minor
inconveniences that if we're talking
about the future of Europe the
restoration of Europe is a and a
continent of individual nation-states
beautiful nation-states with competitive
economies and amazing individual
cultures and people then I'm happy to
wait in a line Michael Moore and he's
the one talking about globalization
right funny that so stay out of the line
stay in Europe and and get your parties
here to listen to you I think they've
heard you you know look at the Tories
running around trying to figure out you
know how to do brexit they don't know
they don't want it if if Teresa Mays
guardian angel could just appear to her
today and say don't worry anymore I've
got it all fixed be so happy
no syriza may wouldn't be happy if a
guardian angel turned up and said it's
all fixed because that guardian angel is
kind of there it's weird to call Jacob
Riis marga guardian angel but that's
basically one of years he's the guy
behind the scenes with the European
research group saying actually we can
leave on our own terms we can have a
free trade agreement Canada plus plus
plus and we can solve the northern but
Northern Ireland border issue using
technology Theresa May has her guardian
angel but so far she keeps ignoring him
and now she's back in Brussels turning
up with nothing else to say other than
please reconsider and it's all going to
its up it looks like no deals gonna
happen in all honesty I'm quite happy
with that because right now she feels
like she's on the cross so let's get her
off the cross you know Tories put your
plan out there to the people what you're
gonna do to make this the Great Britain
that you used to be you know you haven't
dropped the word from the title it's
still great right it's still Great
Britain it's still a United Kingdom
right that's still your name you know
act like it see it just goes back to my
original point this guy is trying to
use populism against us and it won't
work he's trying to make himself appear
like the like the side that is
interested in the success of Britain it
interested in the great history of
Britain by saying you're such a
wonderful country you did this for the
world you can do this for the world
again but that's not what he's saying he
wants Britain to be tied to a an
international government that controls
every part of our lives if I want
Britain to be great Michael Moore I want
to leave the European Union I want to be
proud of my own country I want my
country to stand on its own two feet to
make its own decisions to make its own
free trade agreements to make its own
regulations and laws are not be
controlled by globalists the globalists
that you claim to hate Michael Moore
you're a hypocrite mate hate preacher
Anjem Choudary has hundreds if not
thousands of disciples across the UK
he's been radicalizing young people for
over 20 years and many of his disciples
have gone on to kill and yet after only
serving two and a half years in prison
he's due to be released and the
government can stop it with your help we
can tell the government to stop it and
send this man back to prison so please
go to jail and Jim calm and sign the
petition
you
