a new survey shows that 81% of Tory
members want to resume to resign but
should she
a new survey by conservative home shows
that a majority of the members of the
Conservative Party believe it's time for
Theresa May to resign so let's look at
these figures shall we it found 45% said
yes and now thirty six point one two
percent said yes before the next
election is due in 2020 to seventeen
point three one percent said no and one
point five seven percent said they
didn't know that means that eighty one
point one two percent of Conservative
Party members believe that Theresa May
should step down as leader and therefore
as Prime Minister either now or in the
very near future and it's almost
certainly because of brags it let's face
it I mean that's the thing that's on
people's minds right now interestingly
conservative home notes that the forty
five percent figure the people who
wanted to resign immediately is more
than double compared to last month's
finding they wrote so this month's forty
five percent is more than double last
month's and is easily the worst finding
for Downing Street since this survey
question was first asked in the
aftermath of last year's general
election specifically I think this is a
reaction to checkers and the white paper
for the brexit withdrawal deal the
checkers white paper is an absolute
disaster and is why Tory voters are kind
of leaving and going back to the
barometer Party you kit which something
which tends to just keep the Tories in
line meanwhile working-class voters are
going back to the Labor Party which is
really scary it's something people do
people from the kind of other parts of
the world where I'm from it's something
that people do out of habit their
parents their grandparents always voted
labor so they're going to turn back to
labor now and hope that maybe they
consoled brexit somehow we know that's
not going to happen that that this whole
issue is something that needs fixing in
this country but I think the question
here is should tourism a really resign
should she see I'm not sure because I'm
not sure she would actually lose the
leadership challenge if she's gonna
resign there needs to be a leadership
challenge and she'd need to be replaced
with someone and obviously we'd love to
have a real breaks a tear in charge but
I don't think it would happen
most Tories are still remain as and I
doubt that they would want total
upheaval at this point because once they
come back from summary
says they're just gonna have months
basically just months to finalize the
brexit deal and if the no deal
propaganda is anything to go by and I
wrote about this yesterday please do
have a look the insanity of the No Deal
propaganda suggesting we're going to run
out of sandwiches cows are going to
leave the country and we're all going to
get super gonorrhea if anything if
that's anything to go by then it means
the politicians will do everything they
can to secure any kind of deal with
Europe even if it's crap even if it's
crap they just want to secure a deal so
I very much doubt that they're going to
want a leadership challenge terms
themselves but the members want to
reason may to resign and three out of
four voters according to a survey think
that the government is doing a bad job
on brakes it pretty savvy people I think
it's quite obvious the government's
doing a terrible job on brakes it but
should Teresa may resign I don't know
it's a tough one I think I don't think I
can give you an answer actually because
yes I'd like her to resign because it
means that maybe we could have a brexit
here in her position instead at Briggs a
dear Prime Minister but know also
because I don't want to risk her being
re-elected which is probably what's
going to happen which means she's in
power for longer and the brexit process
is going to be the very brakes it could
ultimately be delayed because of a
leadership challenge or we could even
face a general election where the Labour
Party gains a few more seats and forms a
coalition with the other parties so
should Theresa May resign
sorry guys I don't know if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to like and
subscribe
you
