marilla guerre strolls home in the early
evening in Paris and a bright red dress
minding her own business she's walking
past the cafe in Paris when a bearded
man who ratted her in the street
she said he made grunting noises and
sexual remarks about her body so she
taught him to shut up she refused to
look down and refused to submit
determined she should fall at his feet
sexually or physically he stalked her
down and punched her in the face hard
now watch this clip again watch the
women closest to the camera watch the
men in the far corner slapped on their
chairs watch what happens as she is hit
and straight after a few good men
express outrage one even grabs a chair
like he's prepared to do something but
from the rest nothing in fact less than
nothing the rest actively tried to
disappear the women don't even move and
you may say that's okay
social science and psychologists suggest
that this is normal
bystander responses to emergency
situations shows this to be typical a
result of devolved responsibility to the
state and social acceptance of family
disputes and fights in the street all
rolled into one but what the actual hell
you saw there and you did nothing will
happen to be an empowered woman what
happened to solidarity sister women love
to march about in stupid hats waving
placards
announcing my vagina is made of steel
but when push comes to shove or punch
they make like bad dog owners and hope
that the shit goes away what's with you
girls are you only empowered when you've
got a hashtag or whinging impacts with
placards as much as the men are
disappointing young feminists have
lobotomized liberal men only the truly
spineless can accept the nonsense pushed
by the diversity mafia street
in women's marchers demanded eunuchs and
they got them so don't suddenly expect
them to find testicular fortitude when
some bearded bully slams a woman into
the deck for failing to submit you know
this video does not just show Murray
Legare being assaulted in the street it
is a mark in time of where our society
is at it shows other women would rather
submit than stand up it shows that
Western Europe no longer finds a woman
being thumped by a man shocking enough
to actually do something about it and it
shows preservation of self matters more
than preservation of civilized society
that this is somehow someone else's
problem as long as I'm all right jack
this video shows the results of removing
personal accountability confusing gender
dismantling the traditional family and
in turn destroying the very fabric of
society to which we once felt we
belonged my big question from this video
is the next time this happens what would
you do would you be prepared to stand up
and fight back
you
