president Donald Trump takes off the
gloves and rails against Robert Muller
now Trump has been critical of Muller
he's been adamant that he's an innocent
guy the president he's been adamant that
Muller's investigation is a witch on a
rigged witch hunt hoax as he called it
but he upped the ante
he upped the ante yesterday with a
series of tweets I'm gonna read them to
you first one there is no collusion the
Robert Muller rigged witch-hunt headed
now by seventy increased from 13
including an Obama White House lawyer
angry Democrats was started by a
fraudulent dossier paid for by crooked
Hillary in the DNC therefore the
witch-hunt is an illegal scam he's
calling Muller's investigation illegal
but it gets worse next week at an hour
after that is Robert Muller ever going
to release his conflicts of interest
with respect to President Trump
including the Fagin is a new one that we
had a very nasty and contentious
business relationship I turned him down
to head the FBI one day before his
appointment of special counsel and Comey
is his close friend now that first one
well that's a big deal and we need more
details on that if it turns out that
Robert Muller and Donald Trump had an
adversarial and contentious private
sector business relationship Muller
should never have taken the assignment
his last tweet from last tweet yesterday
also West last night really why is
Muller only appointing angry
Dems some of whom have worked for
crooked Hillary's Hillary others
including himself have worked for Obama
and why isn't Muller looking at all of
the criminal activity and real Russia
collusion on the Democrat side desta
dossier now these are comments many many
of us on the right have made about
Muller
but the really telling one the really
telling one is that allegation that
Muller and Trump had a prior business
relationship that was quote nasty and
contentious because if true this is a
game changer for the narrative that
Muller is a man of integrity Muller had
no motives now we know Muller and call
me your good friends we know Muller
isn't looking at anybody else besides
team Trump which is ludicrous when you
consider that Hillary Clinton is the one
who colluded with the Russians we know
Hillary ultimately paid Christopher
steel who colluded with Russians to dig
dirt on Trump but like I said last week
it was okay for Hillary to collude with
the Russians to dig dirt on Trump
it just wasn't okay for Trump to collude
with the Russians to dig dirt on Hillary
this would all be a comedy if it weren't
such a tragedy
but this is very very telling the gloves
are off rod Rosen Stein was called in at
the White House last week and many legal
analysts and people close to the
president have said you're gonna start
seeing things happening they didn't
really say what
but this accusing Muller accusing Muller
directly of conflict of interest saying
there was a prior business relations
you've been calling his investigation
illegal is a new escalation and Trump's
war of words against a special Council
and I think it is long past time the
American people to know what's really
going on this entire investigation to be
put on hold much as I hate to say it I
always say it a second Special Counsel
brought in who investigate the first
Special Counsel there's really important
content on to bring you this every day
and every morning I'm bringing it to you
live on my new show Declassified live on
the rebels YouTube channel 7:30 a.m.
Eastern every single day check it out
thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
