look I just want to talk about today I'm
psychiatrist who often has to assess
terrorism suspects and even though I
don't live in Toronto it's been very
interested in some of the discussions
there now most of you will be familiar
with the events faisal hussein young man
who's committed murder unclear what
motives are but certainly some questions
you know some people some media outlets
have reported that he may have pledged
allegiance to Isis visited Afghanistan
Pakistan say look this is a common
debate we have around terrorism
Australia had a similar debate a couple
years ago when the guy man Horan Manas
he held up he basically took people
hostage and ended up two people died as
well as himself and given he had a prior
history mint illness this whole debate
goes on about you know is he he's
mentally ill therefore it's got nothing
to with Islam etc and I really wanted to
speak to that
so some just some big point so one just
because you mentally ill doesn't mean it
doesn't have anything to do with Islam
like a terrorist act because those who
are mentally ill are still likely to
latch on to ideas at the moment they
might they might and they more likely to
be violent on occasions so I just want
to touch on that so for example what are
the types of mental illness most likely
to lead to terrorism so one is if you
have any sort of paranoid predisposition
so for example if you have schizophrenia
which is a serious mental illness yes
you're more likely to latch onto ideas
around conspiracy theories or other
types of threats and they are often
culturally determined so whatever sort
of things are happening at the time what
people with schizophrenia might latch on
to so for example hundred years ago it
might have been all about you know Jesus
or the Nazis or whatever it might be
whereas in the last few decades for
example I've had patients who think
they're on reality TV and likewise you
may get some who left on tidies around
terrorism etc so that's one and I guess
that group when they have serious mental
illness you could argue that the biggest
cause is the mental that's not ideas
around terrorism so that's one but the
wider group is what we might call
personality disorders and you might have
heard of these pick
we'll say NASA serves or antisocial
paranoid personalities and that is much
more closely attuned to what happens in
terrorism so it's often people who yeah
I guess I aren't the best adjusted
people and yes they're more likely to be
prone to projecting so any problems or
distress they feel they'll think it's
the outside the fault of the outside
world they're more likely to get
paranoid think people have I guess
negative intentions towards them
the more likely get resentful I often
talk about terrorism being conflation a
kind of link between personal
resentments with political resentment
which is the ideology of Islam so that
those sort of things are important so
for example I when I see people in jail
a typical scenario is they've had an
antisocial background so they might have
committed crimes they you know they've
got trouble at school and they also tend
to have black and white thinking they're
not good at scene balanced ideas
everything's like has to be this good
bad and they're also types building
model likely to latch on extremist IDs
of any kind including Islamism lots of
people who've actually committed
terrorist acts have been out of jail and
had and had a history of violence and
then they converted Islam and this is
certainly the case in the Paris bombings
and many others so they already had a
tendency to be violent but then you've
mixed that in with this resentment
ideology of the Islamism which kind of
almost gives them an excuse so basically
allows them to enact violence so they're
more likely to latch on to these IDs and
in many ways Islam is the kind of it's
sort of the language of protest these
days and I think a lot of people convert
to Islam it's almost their way of kind
of saying stuff you to the Western
society much like you know some Muslims
who are very religious for them to it
can be something of a middle finger the
Western society so it can be an act of
protest so certain personality types and
certain serious mental illness already
can overlap with people who are more
likely to commit terrorism offenses now
some people say well that tells us it's
got nothing to with Islam but that's
where I'll say it's wrong just because
you're mentally ill yet certain people
are mentally ill or a bit off-key
they're always going to be the one more
likely engaged in
deviant behavior namely violence our
here in this case I guess politically
motivated violence but that doesn't mean
those ideas aren't there so lots of
those ideas around say anti Western
ideas or that Islam is threatened or the
color fade or you name it all those
kinds of ideas that can lead to
terrorist acts those ideas it's a sign
that the IDs of filtering they're part
of the I guess the the wider
conversation particularly around Muslim
communities and that's where this guy
again I'm speculating but in the event
he's he had some some element of mental
illness it may well be that that latched
on to some ideas surrounding terrorism
so if he's already paranoid had some
history of deviant behavior possibly
violence he's the sort of person much
more likely to latch onto the ideas of
terrorism it and enact them now that
doesn't mean it's got nothing to do with
Islam it does it also doesn't mean it's
got nothing to with mental illness so
that can exist as both so much more
nuanced and both people some people on
the left and the right might argue I
hope that helps if you like that video
subscribe to rebel media
you
