welcome back to when the left literally
eats itself in this episode we take a
look at left wing darling James Franco
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
what couldn't James Franco do become a
professor a writer director even win an
Oscar but these accolades are not how
you score points with the left but it
does help you accomplish those other
things James had been a passionate ally
for the left even falling into a spiral
of depression after hilary blessed be
upon her clinton had the election stolen
from her by russian Facebook
advertisements the only logical reason
Hillary would lose because according to
James Franco quote Hillary was the most
interesting woman in the world
really he actually said that but there
is one thing Franco couldn't do and that
was change his tear on the victim
hierarchy and being a male feminist
doesn't help you when it comes to
survivors and before we get started
these accusations have not been brought
to court so you be the judge former
co-star bussy Phillips claims that
Franco physically assaulted her on the
set of Freaks and Geeks
goodbye Franco goodbye even though the
same article bus he described her mental
state as quote insecure and also quote
he treated me as if I was
inconsequential and barely there unquote
she went on to say that Franco being a
serious actor actually asked her to
strike him in the face during scenes
which is actually pretty normal when it
comes to acting this was a consensual
request but she said quote I felt really
weird doing it however in another
episode things got worse when she said
quote and in an altercation that he
apologized the next day for bus he hit
Franco without telling him and then he
yelled don't ever touch me again then he
threw me on the ground unquote now I
know this sounds like any set with
Christian Bale on it and there's no way
to know for sure how this survivor
survived to tell her story but what we
do know is Franco is done and during his
Hollywood obituary he said wait what
Maggie Gyllenhaal James Franco's co-star
and producer of the new show the deuce
kept Franco as the lead on the show
saying quote everyone said that they had
been totally respected by him unquote
but how is this possible survivors
Kristie Ford why should I believe
well okay well anyway whether or not
james franco's accusations are
legitimate remain to be seen however we
have spotted a sighting of a backbone
and a little self-respect and innocent
until proven guilty last year in
Franco's sexual harassment allegations
that I covered in a previous video
Franco didn't I these allegations saying
no it didn't happen like that but that
he's glad women can speak out and in
these new assault allegations he hasn't
even addressed these claims and I'm not
sure what the final takeaway of this is
maybe it's James Franco's Cavanagh like
backbone or if he's just a lying
Hollywood creep or if it's just a less
obvious hypocrisy towards believing all
survivors but what we do know is the
left has not eaten James Franco yet I'm
Beth Davies this is pure Hollywood did
you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a Premium Member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
