Trump got so tough with China the whole
world was shocked and scared and now
look at what's happening in America
listen to this now this goes to my first
point normally politicians when they say
they create jobs they're taking credit
for someone else's work right sort of
like an economic version of stolen valor
you know where you falsely wear military
medals but listen to this steel worker
talk about what he's been through like
Jack tichelman tipple did and then talk
about Trump some five hundred and fifty
days after Trump was inaugurated listen
to this on behalf of my work family here
at Grand City works I thank you mr.
president it truly is a family here I
see the familiar faces of the people
I've known for years and every day as I
grew up with most of you went to school
with most of you are your parents as
plant manager it was difficult laying
off people and getting the calls after
the layoff hearing about the struggles
hearing about their personal lives
hearing about the the community how it
was suffering however the plant was able
to come back thanks to all the hard work
from every one of you in the dedication
from every one of you and your support
mr. president
I look around here today and I see the
smiling faces we owe that to you mr.
president thank you very much that's
real that's real life that's not just a
tax cut that such as removing
regulations that's saying that's China
no more rigged rules no more blocking
American exports to China while dumping
subsidized killer Goods into America to
shut down American industry Jack tipple
my facebook buddy it's not really my
buddies we're we're friends on Facebook
he won't answer my questions about
whether or not he'll vote Trump next
time doesn't matter every other steel
worker in his factory will I guarantee
you that that's what's happening for the
first time in memory america actually
has a builder a businessman entrepreneur
deal maker as president what a contrast
from this guy is if you got a business
that you didn't build that somebody else
made that happen
yeah you didn't bill he goes on he
didn't build that you didn't build that
you didn't build that really what's he
ever built that community organizer
no wonder growth was stagnant under
Obama safe up here in Canada have you
ever heard someone say dear Justin
Trudeau thanks for creating jobs I've
never heard it and I'm paying attention
you hear thanks for the handout or
thanks for the bailout or stings for the
subsidy you hear Bombardier say thanks
for the money you even have weirdness
like Trudeau overpaying by 1 billion
dollars for a seventy-year-old Kinder
Morgan existing transparent pipe I'd
weird because we're overpaying by
billion dollars for the pipeline that's
already there but it doesn't get the
expansion done but but no one ever says
thanks for creating jobs because because
he's not creating jobs is he instead
he's got this bizarre obsession with
carbon taxes that most Canadians are
gainst according to poll said the
Premier's are against that that the
other countries or against but but you
have economic illiterate like global
warming Minister Catherine McKenna
actually saying that paying a carbon tax
will create jobs or something carbon
pricing works why because it reduces
emissions and the look at the lowest
costs while also growing the economy
yeah no no that's that's carried um but
but there are no grown-ups around to
stop or even even some Ottawa
journalists think she's just so wrong
not many journalists do but some do
here's Evan Soloman remember this from
earlier this year
there's a line between being optimistic
and and being out of touch with the
reality of what this administration is
doing they want to renegotiate NAFTA
they're gonna start that 90 day process
they've already rolled back
environmental rules from the Obama
administration again it just sounds like
no matter what they do you're just
saying we'll make our case our train has
left the station
we're not budging for Trump so let's not
say it's our train it's the global train
I'm sorry that was from last year excuse
me that train I I don't know where she's
Trainspotting this global train for
global warming but the the European
Union as I mentioned that they just got
on the Trump train and Mexico as opposed
to get on the Trump train too and pretty
much anyone who wants to do business
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra lavance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
