five I don't give a fuck I'm buying guns
like I run this by an American I'm
buying guns you know the other side is
like doing some stupid shit I'm gonna do
some stupid shit
remember Fresno State professor Rhonda
Gerar she attracted quite the media
firestorm in March when right after
former first lady barbara Bush died she
tweeted that she was happy the witch was
dead and called Barbara Bush an amazing
racist well Rhonda went off again this
week this time against an entire race at
some point all of us in the literary
community must demand that white editors
resign
it's time to step down and hand over the
positions of power we don't have to wait
for them to fuck up the fact that they
hold these positions is fuck up enough
that's my feminist impression you like
it is it shrill enough I would shove a
cake into my mouth while doing it but
I'm recording this in the morning and my
tummy hurts if I eat too early anyways
what caused the prestigious professor to
unleash this unsolicited blast of racism
it must have been something pretty
egregious right like maybe a
proclamation made by some national white
editors Union to stop publishing all
minority authors well it turns out she
was responding to a poem titled how to
written by Anders Carlson we and
including the lines don't say homeless
they know you is and if you're crippled
don't flaunt it now normal people might
read these lines and interpret them as
suggesting that readers not call
attention to every single way in which
they're oppressed and not to find the
essence of their beings by that
oppression but not our friend Rhonda
shortly before implying that every
single white editor resign the professor
called for a specific editor to resign
and here's the funny part that specific
editor was Stefan Ebert of the
progressive cesspit of a news outlet
known as the nation which published the
poem they're eating each other alive
folks now Stephanie didn't resign just
like Rana didn't resign after insulting
Barbara Bush right after she died and
directing angry twitter users to a
crisis hotline pretending that it was
her own number and potentially
preventing people who actually needed
help from getting through
but Stephanie and another poetry editor
did publish this groveling apology on
the nation the poem apparently contains
two
and ableist language that has given a
fence and caused harm to members of
several communities what kind of harm
exactly are we talking about how many
people had to be rushed to the ER we are
sorry for the pain we have caused to the
many communities affected by this poem
we recognize that we must now earn your
trust back what trust nation but more
importantly we are listening and that
ladies and gentlemen really sums up the
Progressive mentality shut up and listen
to what we tell you or else for campus
unmasked I'm Rob schrab Shama if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
