to the Labour far left you're either far
left or an enemy and that's exactly why
they're taking revenge on Kate Hoey
you probably remember Kate Harry is one
of the most vocal labor leave members of
parliament she's the Member of
Parliament for Vauxhall in London and
she has been since 1989 when she won in
a by-election and the left have had it
in for her ever since she appeared on a
boat during that brexit boat parade
thing on the the tens the Battle of the
tens when she appeared with Nigel Faraj
on the boat and she started doing the
circuit campaigning for people to vote
leave she was campaigning for labour
voters traditional labour voters to go
out and vote for bragg's it and
obviously it worked because it was
arguably the traditional labour of
voters in places like Sunderland that
won us that referendum and now it's time
of course for the left to get their own
back and now they're attempting to get
Kate Hoey deselected in time for the
next general election the Guardian
reported on this and they said hey
Korea's pledged to fight moves to
deselect her after her local labour
party overwhelmingly passed a vote of
no-confidence against the strongly Pro
leave MP over her support for the
government in Key brexit votes hurry who
has represented the pro remain south
london constituency of Vauxhall since
1989 said she was quite relaxed about
the vote
and would not let it change the way she
acted in Parliament the motion passed at
a meeting of the Vauxhall Labour Party
on Thursday evening calls for Howie to
lose the Labour whip and for the party's
national executive not to allow her to
be resurrected for the seat it carries
no official force but local members can
seek a so-called trigger ballot that
could deselect hurry 42 members voted
against the MP with 3 abstentions no one
voted in her favour no one not one of
them voted in her favour that tells you
exactly what the Labour Party is like
these days because Kate Howe is from a
bygone time she's an MP from the time
when the Labour Party actually
represented the interests of the working
class
she still represents those people and I
don't agree with her on anything she is
still labour let's not forget that but
she still does at least
present the working people in her
constituency and that's why she voted
recently to stop us from staying in a
customs union post brags it so hats off
to you
Kate Hoey but for the left this is
unacceptable and there no doubt gonna
push as hard as they can to get her to
step down even those three that abstain
from the vote they're gonna be bullied
and bullied and bullied to make sure
that they stay on board with getting
Kate Hoey out you know she's even she's
got a majority of over 20,000 in that
constituency and they still want her out
and with a potential snap election
around the corner you never know it
might still happen Kate Hoey could see
herself deselected in time for this next
direction and out of a job in Parliament
for the first time in decades maybe it's
time for Kate Hoey to leave the Labour
Party maybe it's time for her to find a
party that actually represents the
working people because she seems
interested genuinely interested in doing
that and faces the consequences for
doing that dissent is important in the
political process especially when the
public are being betrayed so it's
refreshing to see somebody standing up
standing up for the working-class
standing up for popular opinion standing
up for the results of a democratic
referendum and being willing to lose
their job for it if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
