let me quote some more from the story
and of course they call him Rachel and
they say her and I get it they're being
exquisitely politically correct you can
even say they're being great polite they
don't want to be mean and maybe if I may
have this person in real life I would do
the same thing out of deference to
another human being not wanting to hurt
their feelings being sensitive being
respectful I wouldn't want to pick a
fight why would you pick a fight with a
stranger but in a news report in a news
medium is that really the place for
deference and euphemism or maybe it's a
place for calm neutral reportage of the
facts well let me read more from the CBC
in an article in USA Today in January
MacKinnon argued her competing it's not
a question of athletic advantage no no
but one of human rights dr. Rachel
MacKinnon we have to promote inclusive
sport can you believe that a man has a
human right to say he's a woman okay
sure say whatever you want but to
actually compete against women in a
women's league oh and because that's
inclusive no I'm sorry it isn't because
it's going to drive out every single
woman from sports it's not inclusion its
colonization talk about appropriation
that's gender appropriation every man
who is not good enough to compete
against men can now compete against
women and they'll call you a bigot if
you disagree let me quote some more we
cannot have a woman legally recognized
as a trans woman in society and not be
recognized that way in sports MacKinnon
was quoted as saying focusing on
performance advantage is largely
irrelevant guys because this is a rights
issue we shouldn't be worried about
trans people taking over the Olympics we
should be worried about their fairness
and human rights instead yeah no no I'm
sorry not everything as a rights issue
not everything is political not
everything is about you you you not
everything is a public therapy for you
not everyone has to play a role in your
simulation the girls that you crushed in
sports aren't part of your project
they're just part of their own project
competitive sports for girls
cycling is not a bone-crushing sport but
there are women's
it's leagues that have physical contact
whether it's wrestling or basketball and
sucker where they're often collisions I
mean I mentioned hockey before and you
do see girls choosing the play with boys
but they're choosing to go into rougher
leagues themselves they're not going
into easier leagues to rough up other
people and they still have helmets and
body armor in hockey this is just plain
cheating to have a man compete against
women and it's odd when one man is gold
and real girls are in second and third
what if three transgender men came there
would be no women on the podium I'm
sorry this is just plain cheating this
is just plain roughness but no one has
the courage to say the emperor has no
clothes here because you'll be called a
bigot I mean he couldn't have been
clearer it's a human rights issue oh
sorry miss MacKinnon obviously you'll be
violating his human rights and obviously
you've got a human rights investigation
if you say this is wrong obviously he
has essentially said that and that's not
an idle threat that's not just a
speculation here's another story by the
CBC we've shown you this before
it's from 2016 so things are two years
crazier now look at this transgender
woman files human rights complaint
alleging discrimination at salon look
that guy there really guy
that guy there who couldn't even be
bothered to shave for the picture he
calls himself Kirsten that's a dude a
transgender woman in Charlottetown of
quoting from the CBC here they're
calling that guy well he didn't even
shave for the photo a transgender woman
in Charlottetown has filed a complaint
with the PEI Human Rights Commission
alleging she was refused service at a
local salon because of her transgender
status so that's just at a salon in this
case there's a makeup salon just makeup
and stuff but here's the case from this
year here's two years crazier
transgender woman files human rights
complaint against Windsor spa okay a spa
so what like you know you're gonna get a
facial or something yeah now I said I
wouldn't get grossed again again again a
little bit grows here the owner let me
read here the owner of a local
waxing spa waxing spa is mounting a
public campaign to clear the name of his
business after he was served a human
rights complaint for denying service to
a transgender woman then Jason
Carruthers the president of man wax on
Walker Road said it was surprised at the
legal move since he had explained to the
complainant that the spa did not offer
Brazilian wax services on male body
parts
I have no male staff Carruthers said
Friday we are not able to provide that
service as in the dude walks into a
women's spa and says can you wax my lady
parts but he doesn't have lady parts and
they only have female staff and he says
duets do it do it and they won't and so
he sues them for 50 grand hey you still
gonna tell Rachel McKinnon she's not a
lady you want 50 grand worth of lawsuits
that's Canada that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra Levin show weekdays
at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
