breaking news from Tommy Robinson's
lawyers the appeal court judges who
heard his case a couple of weeks ago
have advised that they will finally be
issuing their ruling they said they will
be doing so on Tuesday July 31st or on
Wednesday August first I'm afraid they
were not more precise than that I
suspect they will have written a
detailed and lengthy ruling and we'll
read it out from the court Tommy will be
joining via videolink from prison as he
did during the appeal itself
Tommy's lawyers say that if the appeal
goes the way we all hope it will Tommy
would be released right away and he
could be back reunited with his family
immediately only prison is just an hour
away from Tommy's home in Bedford sure
at the family's request I will be going
back to London
not only to cover the verdict as a
journalist but hopefully to welcome
Tommy back to give him a big hand shake
and a hug and to finalize any payments
to his lawyers I'm very proud of the
work that our rebel viewers have done
these past months keeping hope alive
keeping the story alive and very
importantly to crowdfund Tommy's legal
fees Tommy doesn't work for the rebel
anymore but he still fights for the
cause we believe in and what they do to
Tommy today they'll do to the rest of us
tomorrow I only found out about this
verdict date this morning and I
immediately went online to buy my plane
ticket
since the judges aren't specific about
which day they will be issuing their
verdicts I have to fly in by Monday
night in case they go on Tuesday morning
unfortunately buying a last-minute
economy class ticket even on Expedia is
about $2,000 Canadian or just over a
thousand British pounds I spoke to a
hotel I used last time and they offered
me a 15% discount to come back but it's
still expensive and I'll need that hotel
room for three nights again because I
don't know if the judges are gonna wait
until Wednesday for the ruling it's not
ideal but I have to go back over there
to report on the verdict because I just
don't trust a word that the mainstream
media says about Tommy
they told bald-faced lies about his
appeal hearing the Guardian lied channel
4 lied the BBC lied and they're going to
lie again about this one I want to be
there to report accurately and Fay
early on the verdict and of course I
want to see our friend and welcome him
to freedom and tell him how much support
he has around the world if you can help
cover my flight in hotel I'd be grateful
please go to Tommy Trial calm this is
obviously separate from his Legal
Defense Fund a hundred percent of which
goes to his lawyers and a hundred
percent of any surplus which goes to his
family when I was in London for his
appeal hearing I made about ten videos
and more than 100 tweets from Court
itself and Twitter analytics says those
tweets were seen 5.7 million times so I
think we're getting the word out despite
the liars in the mainstream media I
promise you I'll do the same this time
I'll tell the truth I'll call out the
Tommy haters for their lies please help
me get back over there by clicking on
Tommy trial com
we're almost done my friends Tommy's
almost free help me get back to court to
report on the verdict go to Tommy trial
calm
you
