well I'm on Danforth Avenue the day
after of law enforcement finally made
the name of the mass shooter Faisal
Husseini public as you can see folks I'm
in front of a makeshift memorial people
are coming by here all day long writing
words of encouragement and support but
the question arises do people here on
the Danforth by the official explanation
that mr. Hussein was acting as a
mentally ill individual or was there
perhaps something more to his act of
carnage are you buying the the narrative
by the media and the authorities that
this was merely an act of mental illness
or was there perhaps something more
absolutely you know this was not active
this is an act of terrorism absolutely
and my personal point of view it was
projected towards women maybe I'm not
sure what his objective was what his
motive was but I do feel he was aiming
at women certainly the unfortunately the
the two victims he murdered were woman
sir if it was terrorism why is a
reluctance on the behalf of the
authorities in the immediate occult
terrorism because the political agenda
come out and tell the truth and the
media now has been hiding a lot of this
information and I think the people are
just getting fed up with it so ma'am
you're saying that your daughter's
friends were in the second cup and they
made it out in time to 17 and to close
friends of my daughter and they were
just out getting I could cold drink at
the second cup and they got two legs I
needed to drink remade
thank goodness or they probably would
have walked out the front door just as
the shooter arrived so the gunman
reloaded and started shooting again
through the front window and they were
able to get out through the back with
all of the people there just stampeding
to get out got it through the back alley
and then to a stranger's house and the
lady took care of them and drove them
home thank goodness he lives in a
heavily populated Afghani Pakistani
neighborhood I used to live there
unfortunately had to live in the same
building once before many years ago over
25 years ago it was a very nice
prestigious area and and then if you
actually lived that 43 torn cliff yes
yes over 26 years ago what made you
leave now the area start changing on the
east side of that area some people drive
if he was mentally ill how did he obtain
a handgun go to the trouble of that how
did he get some military training
according to a police officer the way he
was shooting was he absolutely had some
military training or at least some
training and shooting a gun and if so if
he's mentally unstable how did he manage
to get a gun and do this we are as
pastors we are we endeavor to be
caregivers and I have seen and I think
perhaps if you live in this city you'd
have seen the upsurge in mental
challenges in in the city but in terms
of Isis we have no comment on that it's
been a bad year though hasn't it I mean
you know in terms of how many people are
being killed in this city and do you
guys personally feel safe in the city
right now I feel safe I love to run hood
I love to run I feel I feel safe
absolutely not it's a cover-up well you
know that the news always like according
to Trump fake news biased news that
wants to hide anything like this from
the people so that they don't inflame
passions they don't get people upset you
know the media is left-wing bias
everybody knows it and people are
starting to find out about it and
they're starting to get pissed off in
Canada were such a wonderful supportive
country of many cultures why why take
out that kind of anger on all of us who
were supportive of different religions
and cultures that would be a shame if
you see the videos this guy was trained
he was walking and shooting I can do
that you cannot do that the only a
trained person can do that and he seemed
to be very selective with his targets I
mean he wasn't shooting at everybody was
going to mean specific people I'm not
sure if he was selecting but obviously
he knew what he was doing definitely
because if you look at the videos again
you will see him the way he shoots and
the way he holds the gun he had some
kind of a training
and not not a small training he had big
training if I take a gun if you take a
gun and you go around I don't think you
can find the target and he knew how to
get the target he seemed that way on the
video for sure at the end of the day was
this indeed an act of terrorism Who am I
to say but I believe there's some kind
of a link yes he had some kind of you
know I don't want to scare people but
maybe he did because people are telling
me that when he was walking on the
street he was talking in another
language and he was making sounds I
don't know what kind of sounds word is
saying and for all the politician is
you're not doing enough of this or guy
but you guys are not do enough what
would you like to see them do sir I
don't know if they'd get rid of the gun
a guns because look we're gonna get rid
of the guns then what's gonna come out
the knives and that we're gonna get rid
of the vans okay we gotta go on with our
lives you can't live in fear we can't
let this is so terrible for the little
girl in the eight-year-old it's just
everybody hate rips my heart apart like
when I when I heard this I just could
not stop crying
my mom just left for Greece and then
what she called me and she told me I'm
doing she heard about this
she was just ever like I would never
believe this would happen here on the
dam for never to the politicians please
I'm begging you I'm begging you please
for the bomb of Canada Toronto please do
something anything open programs or
young children anything I'm just so
heartbroken that I guess I I feel for
everybody else the people in restaurants
and hey folks the Breville has a brand
new app please download the rebel app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
