the proposed eviction notice for Camp
cloud came and went last weekend when
the protesters are as poorly behaved as
ever I want to show you an alleged
attack on a pro pipeline lobby group
that happened the day after we left
Burnaby Mountain and then I'm going to
show you a video you haven't seen yet
from my time at Camp cloud where these
water keepers put their hands all over
my cameraman let me just set this video
you're about to see up for you just a
little bit two volunteers from a pro
resource lobby group called suits and
boots went to the camp cloud anti
pipeline occupation adjacent to a Kinder
Morgan facility on Burnaby Mountain
British Columbia now they went there the
day after we left BC they were there to
do a little site reconnaissance for a
demonstration they want to have on a
public street and that's an important
thing to note here this is a public
street it's owned by the city of Burnaby
paid for by city of Burnaby taxpayers
and subject to all the bylaws and
building codes of Burnaby and all the
laws of Canada none of which these
protesters are bothering to follow now
you're about to see a violent and racist
outburst from a couple of the half dozen
or so full-time inhabitants of camp
cloud and the woman you're going to see
screaming racist epitaphs described
herself as the matriarch of the camp one
of her aliases is quitzel tattle just
watch this well no you don't tell us
what to do you shut your lips right now
and listen we are old we are not going
to be told by white trash what to do
anymore
okay that is for sure you're talking to
nothing working to build relations with
our neighbors I will be I will have no
right here you don't you don't have any
right of course I do let me see your
Indian status project I don't need let
me see
it's time to show you my claim you don't
have that great take off your best
behavior you have to leave we're not
here shy
we're not here to be with you you're
attaching me with your father you don't
need to do so those volunteers from
suits and boots told the police a
protester attacked their car tried to
rip off the back windshield wiper and
then ripped off their license plate and
threw it in the bush no charges have
been laid yet but police say they are
investigating and the man in question is
of course known to police the way they
all are up there on the mountain now I
want to show you a video you haven't
seen yet from my time on Burnaby
Mountain it was taken Saturday morning
the day of the camp cloud eviction the
day that that eviction notice came and
went just two days before suits and
boots volunteers were accosted on video
we were setting up for what camp cloud
described as a press conference which
started with a man yelling at reporters
for about ten minutes about colonialism
because the reporters didn't want to
move their cameras to a place of lower
light conditions anyway the whole thing
was weird from start to finish but a
protester tried to intimidate us
my team to stop us from attending the
press conference and then that protester
got a little handsy with my cameraman
just watch this and if you have a
problem with it and your cameras aren't
gonna work then out gonna have to just
pack up the camera
take care of luck in my job I don't
really give a shit you're blocking my
life he's walking towards me I'm not
walking towards him but you can't you
can't touch him come on you you can't
see anyone I got both my hands on my
camera cuz rebel is that rebel this shit
now thankfully unlike the good folks
from suits and boots we had a
professional security guard with us at
all times there is absolutely no way I
would have went up there to Burnaby
Mountain without him and there's
absolutely no way the rebel would have
sent me up there to cover camp cloud
without security these people up there
are dangerous and the reason I wanted to
show you this is that things are rapidly
deteriorating on Burnaby Mountain and
the lack of enforcement from the city of
Burnaby is making things that much worse
and more dangerous for everyone for
reporters like me for the public for the
residents and even for the protesters as
they ignore building codes and Builth it
build things that reach up to the power
lines it's time for the city
administration especially mayor Derek
Corrigan and Deputy Assistant Fire Chief
Brian Kirk who have both expressed
sympathies for these protesters to set
aside their politics do their jobs stand
beside the RCMP and the residents of
Burnaby and put a stop to this madness
before somebody gets killed up there
every day they do not act emboldened
these people even more for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun Reid
we went out to Burnaby Mountain British
Columbia to show you the site of camp
cloud the mainstream media just won't
now to help cover the cost of our trip
out there to see all of our videos and
to help cover the cost of the
security guard that I very clearly
needed while I was there go to rebel
Burnaby calm
you
