well I'm at Yonge Dundas Square doing
some Streeters and I'm just wondering
have we reached the jump the shark natal
moment when it comes to border security
and I'll tell you why I say that folks I
came in touch with a young female Black
Muslim refugee and when we talked about
border security and the kind of refugees
coming into Canada just wait'll you hear
what she had to say we're just asking
people what they think about what
happened on the Danforth on Sunday I
don't know I don't know the turnout
that's why I'm asking for myself and I
actually is the guys the Muslim guy
actually I'm Muslim okay I'm Muslim too
but I don't know that's the big problem
is the Torah no no when you say a big
problem in Toronto do you mean
radicalized Muslims yes because I don't
know why I can't do it in action and
he's just going for the restroom and
he'd do it for that he's know what go in
another restroom but this species rester
so that's why I'm asking why is doing
for that and actually I see his mom and
his dad he's talked for and they say why
the bull is doing for my son they like
the short is the body's is normal you
have to do it because they do it this
stuff not good it's any such people
ma'am do you think this was due to him
suffering from mental illness as we're
being told no you think it was an act of
terror external yes that's very
interesting you are a Muslim woman and
you are saying you think this is an act
of terror if somebody like me were to
say that some people might call me a
racist I mean is that part of the
problem political correctness and
society I can't talk for my religion
religion is the religion the person is
the person is now it's not a big deal
like for the religion like he do where
this stuff no good it's just if it's not
like for hand conquer it's just going
for the restaurant and do it this time
so some people saw it do it that it's
not like he's sick I don't I don't
believe it uh yes and what do you think
about the fact that Justin Trudeau
seems to be so absent on this issue
should he be taking time off of his
taking time off and coming to Toronto I
don't know maybe it's no care I think
this is - I like I don't know I don't
know Trudeau and actually these I'm
immigration for 2016 but now it's too
much for immigration so that's what the
problem that's very interesting so
you've emigrated to Canada but you
believe right now we're letting maybe
too many immigrants in I don't know kind
of a now is know especially stories know
how secretive that's why I believe him
did you come here through the legal
channels or were you a refugee I'm
really sure but I know I expect him like
and I just say Thank You Canada but no
it's too much
some people come more than a more day
and the problem is gonna be in a big
deal that's why do you think Trudeau is
letting in too many bad people as
refugees I hope sure people that's
because if this process if it's boring
for Canada the guy I don't know the guy
actually I'm not Abdullah for
information but the mom and dad is
immigration
so the maybe does that's why I believe
in that's why I believe it's too much
immigration too much progress that's
right hey folks some rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
