tell me a little bit about this new
political points on new party butts new
government the 5-star and the loot and
the League who are these people you
mentioned Matteo salvini the interior
minister tell me a little bit about the
government that has been running Italy
since is it June yes
it's yes more or less it's a really
interesting question and it's something
that it's not really discussed because
it's a government it's a coalition
between two very different parties but
who are united in this anti
anti-establishment sentiment so the five
star movement is really more
anti-establishment from the left and
League is more anti-establishment from
the right so it's this compromise it's
like having Jeremy Corbyn sort of have a
coalition with with Nigel Farage you
know so it's yeah it's really
interesting and it's it's very scary for
the EU because it has both those
anti-establishment forces coming
together well that is fascinating but it
obviously Matteo salvini and I've
started to follow him on Twitter I
Twitter allows me to translate his
tweets which are almost always in in
Italian he takes a very hard line
against migration now traditionally the
left is for open borders and open
migration are you saying that the
left-wing part of this coalition is
comfortable with matteo Salvi knees
decision to to close the ports to
enforce the borders is the left-wing
part of the coalition comfortable with
that yes absolutely and in fact they
supports these efforts there have been
some internal let's say there has been
some opposition in some cases by some
members but the head of the five star
movement Luigi DeMaio has been very
supportive of this policy and he was the
first one to actually call the NGO
activities in the Metro in the
Mediterranean as a fraud and as a taxi
service
so the five star movement is a little
complicated because they have so many
different people inside the movement
but in general the leadership yes
supports Mathilde salvini stance on
migration savviness seems very
charismatic I've just falls out amongst
the people he he says things I'm gonna
say in a trump-like way and I'm sure he
would say he's different than Trump
everyone likes to say they're different
than Trump but the commonality I say is
he's blunt and if a reporter puts
something to him do you mean to say he
doesn't back down to some blankly I saw
him the other day saying I'm for
immigrants who integrate and are
successful but the rest are fake and
they should go home that's an incredibly
blunt thing to say but that reminds me
of something Trump would say when he
says I'm sorry they've got to go back
would does he compare himself at all the
Trump does the media comparative Trump
are there any other similarities yes
in terms of personality I would say that
both of both of them present themselves
as sort of these men of the people you
know they're they're very close to just
regular people and their concerns right
now and what feels like pi√±a is very
much like that he's very good with
social media
he it's he communicates in a way that
the average person can relate to and in
many ways he's also kind of funny and
amusing but yes there are some
similarities and of course Mozilla
Sabini supported Trump during the
election that's an excerpt from my daily
show the Ezreal Levant show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media
slash shows
you
