a new show on Netflix is being called
out for fat shaming I saw a trailer for
a new show called insatiable on Netflix
that's coming out in August and I got
really excited because it fulfilled my
girly fantasies it's very girly that's
nothing super intellectual but it has
revenge on the popular kids in high
school and I was surprised to find out
that a lot of people were really upset
about this they were calling it fat
shaming it has acquired hundreds of
thousands of signatures petitioning to
cancel it
the show is about a girl who is fat and
she gets picked on and she's a loser in
high school then she has some sort of
altercation some incident where she gets
her jaw wired shut for the summer when
she came back to school the following
school year she was thin and sexy
everyone is freaking out about it and
she gets revenge on everyone to the
point where it gets a little crazy it
was super exciting I thought it was cool
but people are saying this is a good
example of why I grew up insecure and
thought I would never be loved because
of my size just give us a story where
the fat girl stays fat struggles but
learns to accept her body and overcome
societal standards it promotes fat
shaming teaches young people that if you
don't eat you'll become skinny and
desirable romanticizes revenge fantasies
shows that you're only deserving of love
and popularity if you fall into
society's definition of beauty really so
she wasn't able to take revenge until
she was conventionally attractive this
is disgusting you are the face of the
woman's movement and this shame on you
what this Twitter user is referring to
is that Alyssa Milano the face of the
feminist movement is in this show she
says we are not shaming patty we are
addressing through comedy the damage
that occurs from fat shaming I hope that
clears it up also this article does a
good job of explaining it more where she
links Teen Vogue and people are shocked
at Teen Vogue for defending
this and we all know I've done some
videos before about Teen Vogue they
endorse an Tifa Marxism all sorts of
horrible things people are really angry
at Teen Vogue for endorsing this dark
comedy can we get a show where a fat
character gets revenge on everyone whose
shitty to them while still being fat and
is recognized as badass and funny and
super hot because that would be
something actually fresh and cool and
not the lukewarm water II oatmeal that
is insatiable
the writer producer and director said
that insatiable is inspired by real-life
southern lawyer and top beauty pageant
coach bill Alverson focuses on Bob a
disgraced dissatisfied civil lawyer
turned beauty pageant coach who takes on
patty a vengeful bully teenager as his
client and has no idea what he's about
to unleash upon the world
Milano plays Coralie Bob's social climb
and wife the far-left are always upset
about everything unless it fits into
their PC narrative and pushes an agenda
this is something that's just supposed
to be fun and enjoyable and super girly
and I think it's really exciting I
actually want to watch this show if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
