some lesser-known comedian is trying to
elevate his status by trashing Trump
supporters I'll tell you about all of
that coming up today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel Billy Eichner
who apparently is a comedian I think
maybe I've heard of him but I'm not sure
anyway I guess he was watching the news
yesterday and decided to share his
thoughts on a group of Trump supporters
that he saw he took to Twitter to air
out his observation and said this this
is like a scene from wild wild country
these people have joined a cult
Trump is their David kooris Jim Jones
their bin Laden they follow him into a
burning building screaming about the
swamp but they're not naive they're
willfully ignorant deeply unhappy and
racist so let me get this straight
people who voted for President Trump for
his policies and his promise to turn the
country around
they are blind followers but people who
voted for Obama solely because he's
black and people who voted for Hillary
solely because she's a woman that's a
substantial and informed reason to vote
for them voting on policy and objective
is bad but voting on race and gender is
good and he's comparing us to followers
of bin Laden which is ironic because
Trump has done more to reduce the
footprint of Isis and Islamic terrorism
as a whole then Obama ever did or even
wanted to truthfully so forgive us for
sticking with a guy who's actually
keeping promises it's not blind
following in case you haven't noticed
you may not like what he's doing but
he's doing exactly what we voted him
into office to do and the assertion that
we're unhappy I can't believe he thinks
that he can get away with suggesting
that just yesterday a Trump hater took a
pickaxe to Trump star they protest every
chance they get and we're not talking
peaceful protests we're talking
screaming crying burning the flag and
vandalizing property they need safe
spaces and a
really freak that f out if they see
someone supporting Trump just like this
guy did just from seeing Trump
supporters on TV you want to tell me
those people are happy you're happy
Billy if that's what happy looks like
screw it I do not want to be anything
close to that
he's also comparing us to followers of a
cult followers of creepy men like David
Koresh and Jim Jones Democrats are the
party of Al Franken and Carlos danger
and Bill Clinton and John Conyers and I
could seriously go on and on about the
creepy and handsy and assault II
Democrats but I looked at the definition
for cult merriam-webster's part to a
definition reads that cult followers
have a devotion to a person idea object
movement or work all right so let's
break that down devotion to a person if
you're talking about a devotion to our
founding fathers and to our families
then yes if you're talking about a
devotion to an idea then yes we are
devoted to the idea of enduring freedom
we are kind of devoted to an object I
guess the American flag although we are
more devoted to what it represents and
devotion to a movement damn right we are
devoted to the magaman tand devotion to
a work as in a document you nailed us we
are dedicated to preserving the
Constitution so if all of those things
mean that we are cult followers then yep
guilty and damn proud of it thanks for
watching everybody i'm amanda head the
hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
