hey everybody I want to explain to you a
little bit about what happened to me
yesterday on Burnaby Mountain when I
visited Camp Cloud a journalist from a
competitor media outlet wanted the
protestors at Camp cloud to do the dirty
work of intimidating me and my team and
shutting us up so that I couldn't bring
you the other side of the story the
reality of what's really happening up at
Camp Cloud so here's what happened in a
nutshell we got to camp cloud at about
6:00 a.m. in anticipation of the
eviction notice that was supposed to be
levied against them by the city of
Burnaby and executed by the Burnaby
police we were wandering around down at
the bottom of the hill nowhere near the
protest camp and we jumped over the
retaining barriers that have been
erected by the city of Burnaby to keep
the protesters who are sleeping in the
ditch from being run over by passing
cars this is sort of a busy street so we
hopped over the retaining barriers
because we wanted to get a better look
at the Kinder Morgan tank farm which is
really actually quite inconspicuous you
hardly know it's there it's painted to
match the mountain landscape and there
are trees growing up all around it it's
really well done and hidden actually
anyways as we jumped the barriers some
protesters came storming down the hill
at us
here's the exchange I had with one of
them here what do you mean we're just
taking pictures of the tank farm
just wondering I mean you're invading
our spaces here you came up here and I'm
driving real slow cause this concern you
drive back down there I mean you could
come say hi and say introduce yourselves
but I see or whatnot and then you come
on our side so we said your boyfriend's
10 so it's got a little concerned that
site in your site yeah this is our camp
see from the side see all of us sitting
here are my tanks down here buddy tanks
right here that's cause for concern okay
so I have to ask permission to go on
that side well come at least introduce
yourselves it's only polite kind you
know I see what's going on you guys
understand what's going on here yeah but
we just came to take pictures of oh
that's cool yeah that's nice Oh Johnny
I'm Sheila well it's like cosmic too
soon I mean it's kind of ridiculous I
mean just coming on that side like that
I mean what you don't want to stress
fasting yeah basically okay
that's plain and simple
so you know they come next time coming
introduce you say you'll say you would
like to come over and take some pictures
most other people do that I just have a
question did you ask the people down I'm
just asking you know baby sure maybe
next time you'll do that that's all okay
so please stay off of this side all
right I'm asking you not to go on the
side without permission and us to
information first because we have our
tents we have our belongings here and
that's all I'm gonna say about that
all right thank you no I just have a
quick question did you ask the people
down the hill for their permission
before you counselor thank you very much
no I don't think that is enough pretty
civil right I shook that guy's hand
despite my extreme aversion to his germs
I think I did pretty well to defuse the
situation there while still making my
point about respect for property rights
it's what happened next that should
trouble everybody watching at home
someone that I now know is a reporter
for APTN named Justin break ran down the
hill and shoved a cell phone camera in
my face now the way break shoves that
camera in my face led me to believe he
was a protester because they were doing
that too anyway what break wanted to
know was what media outlet I was with he
wanted to know my name and then he asked
me why I even thought it was newsworthy
to cover camp clout can you imagine that
a journalist confronting another
journalist who's doing her job about why
she's there covering a story this is a
several billion dollar energy
infrastructure project these people have
been protesting here holding up the
entire project since at least last fall
the Prime Minister just bought the
pipeline for way more than it's worth
and in my home province of Alberta we
may take an ownership stake in the
pipeline and break had the audacity to
ask me why I thought it was even
newsworthy clearly break thought I
didn't have any business being there at
Camp cloud now does break even
understand what the Free Press is all
about I have every right to cover a
story but fine he's an activist
journalist and he doesn't want me there
that's nothing new for me but what he
did next was astonishing break ran up
the hill before I could get up there and
then he told the protesters who I was
and where I was from so by the time I
got up the hill I was already being
yelled at and berated by these filthy
squatters now being yelled at by the
left that's also nothing new for me it
doesn't hurt my feelings in fact I think
it's pretty comical especially the one
girl that's that I needed better
eyebrows which is true that's why I have
to pencil them in but I'll take no
cosmetology advice from someone who
sleeps in a ditch for a living
thank you very much now it's pretty
common knowledge especially within the
journalism industry that I was assaulted
at work a left-wing male feminist named
Dion views punched me at the 2017
women's March I had him charged
criminally
and they also sued him in civil court
and I won and that's why I have to have
a bodyguard now especially when I go to
places like Burnaby Mountain and luckily
enough we did have a bodyguard with us
and we absolutely needed his assistance
several times these people on Burnaby
Mountain they've threatened another oka
crisis at the oka standoff in 1990 a
police corporal was shot and killed by a
mohawk protester with an illegal firearm
and no one was ever charged for that
murder at this protest encampment alone
some 200 protesters have been arrested
for breaking the law and they have
assaulted police officers hurting
several police officers and then
capturing them on film doing it these
folks have no problem using violence
against people they don't like and that
APTN reporter went up the hill to tell
them did I was somebody that they
wouldn't like and you know what else he
compromised my safety by doing that let
me reiterate again I can deal with the
yelling I can deal with the criticism I
can deal with being called fake news by
somebody on an illegal rooftop I mean
who really cares about that sort of
stuff words aren't violence violence is
a violence and that's what bothers me
here
the
people have a history of violence at
camp cloud they even attacked a global
news crew because they didn't like how
global news milquetoast left-wing global
news was reporting on them and count
their encampment I have been the target
of violence by left-wing protesters in
the course of my work did Justin break
of APTN want me to get hurt so that I
would go home and then not bring you the
other side of the news but there's
another level of hypocrisy happening
here breaks boss at APTN is a woman
named Karen Pugh Blasi
she's also the boss at the Canadian
Association of journalists now that very
same organization has called for an
inquiry because we were mean to a
BuzzFeed reporter named sketchy cool at
our rebel live event in Toronto we never
put her safety in danger we never asked
her to leave in fact we hoped she would
stay what will Karen Pogue Laci do about
her subordinate Justin break for putting
me in danger at Camp cloud will she call
for a Canadian Association of
journalists inquiry into what breaks
done is what's good for the goose good
for the gander right now or do I not
count because I tell the other side of
the story that some CAJ member
journalists just refused to do I'm a
female journalist and it seems like I'm
not worthy of protection because these
sjw reporters don't like my male boss or
my conservative opinions I guess we're
going to find out what comes of all of
this for the rabble media
I'm Sheila Gunn read to support our
independent journalism and to help cover
the cost of our trip here to Burnaby and
to help cover the cost of the bodyguard
that I need because journalists like
Justin break continue to put my safety
in danger go to rebel Burnaby calm
you
