do you remember when environment and
climate change Minister Catherine
McKenna sent a tweet thanking Syria for
signing on to the Paris Accord on
climate change and then in the face of
overwhelming backlash she blamed her
department staff for the crazy crazy
tweet well I've got the full story now
and exclusive documents to show you the
excuse McKenna gave is not entirely true
well climate change fear-mongering is
back in the news once again with United
Nations giving us just 12 short years
before we all die or approach our
agonizing death at the hands of climate
change the histrionic prediction of my
impending death is actually perfect
timing for me because I just got back a
stack of access to information documents
from the federal Environment Ministry
remember when Catherine McKenna thought
that chemical weapons are hot but carbon
dioxide is not she sent out a tweet last
November praising Syria for signing on
to the Paris Accord Canada salutes
Nicaragua and Syria for joining on to
the Paris agreement global climate
action anyway and the tweet spawned
immediate backlash and international
embarrassment for us Canadians McKenna
was condemned and mocked for her
misplaced priorities of carbon taxes and
climate change fear-mongering over very
real human rights abuses like using
chemical weapons against civilians
happening at the hands of the Assad
regime McKenna said that it was clearly
a mistake from her department Twitter
she tweeted that the Liberals have made
it clear that the murderous Assad regime
must end attacks against its people
McKenna's through her environment and
climate change Department staff right
under the bus and the complacent news
media just took her at her word that
this tweet was entirely just some sort
of accident but I'm no stenographer for
the
Liberal Party of Canada so I dug a
little deeper into this mess I can tell
you that Catherine McKenna wasn't
exactly forthright when she denied
knowledge of the tweet and at the rebel
we now have the exclusive documents from
within
McKenna's own ministry to prove it let's
jump right in the paper trail for this
one tweet is astounding its massive
right here at the beginning of this 174
page stack of documents page four
confirms that this murderer praising
tweet was planned and approved from the
beginning it's on the ministry planned
tweet calendar scheduled to go out at
November 7th at 2 p.m. let's go to page
6 now this is the first time we see the
mo or the minister's office expressing
concerns about the Syria tweet but look
up there at the subject line they're
worried about social media mistakes in
the French language translation of the
tweet no objections from anyone on that
email chain about congratulating Syria
their only concern was that the French
verb tense was accurate imagine being
that tone death and swept up in global
warming hysteria that you turn off the
logic switch in your brain for this sort
of stuff later on on page 41 the
bureaucrats actually think they're in
the clear because no one has commented
on the French tweet and you'll remember
that was the only thing that they
flagged as a potential problem going
forward on page 48 here they start to
prepare talking points because they
suddenly realize they're in a little bit
of a pickle with this tweet so they
start workshopping ways to spin the
issue of congratulating Syria oh and
about Minister McKenna's assertion that
she didn't have any clue about what was
going on here here's the chronology of
the tweet on page 49 it was requested
approved and posted with times it was no
accident it was scripted and planned
from the very beginning on page 50 of
this Access to Information document we
see confirmation that McKenna's office
approved the tweet directly
right here in the email underneath
assessment the tweet in question was
approved by the minister's office at 209
p.m. today and issued at 3:00 p.m. this
next part of the email though it's very
telling of this Liberal government and
their mentality on the matter of the
Paris agreement participation the
majority of Twitter and other media
activity BBC CNN New York Times and
others was focused on the u.s. being the
only country opposed to the deal
for example even Syria has signed the
Paris agreement leaving the US and Trump
isolated so the environment ministers
office thought everything was fine with
their pro Syria tweet because the
liberal media and the majority of
liberal Twitter don't seem to like Trump
that was their gut check here
that's the bubble that people working in
Ottawa exist in they think that the
liberal mainstream media and the Twitter
outrage mob are somehow reflective of
normal people's opinions and that my
friends is how they got Donald Trump and
a bunch of crying liberals who still
think Hillary Clinton should have won
the election now the email goes on to
express concern that numerous tweets
refer to the minister as climate Barbie
which as you know pleases me greatly
that there are a bunch of bureaucrats
worried about the snarky nickname I gave
the Minister of Environment and climate
change I'm in the bloodstream now page
70 of the document package shows us that
bureaucrats are paid by the taxpayer to
track all of Kathryn McKenna's mentions
on Twitter page 94 Cristina Gwinnett
again gives an explanation of the origin
of the pro-assad tweet Julie Boucher
drafted the tweet it was reviewed by the
home team and social media team and I
approved the tweet the approved tweet
then received approval from the
minister's office and was posted within
the hour the directive to praise the
Assad regime came directly through
Catherine McKenna's office in fact they
had the final approval for
tweet look how much time and how many
taxpayer-funded bureaucrats wasted
precious time and government resources
on this lunacy the fact that this tweet
was made at all in the first place and
that they were oblivious as to why
siding with Assad might be a bad thing
is one thing I mean it's beyond
ludicrous but this also shows you how
dangerous and idiotic the Twitter rabbit
hole can be this much analysis time
thought attention and manpower is placed
into one tweet and they still get it
horribly fatally wrong Global News
reported this tweet as an accident you
know there are no mistakes just happy
little accidents right the mainstream
media just took McKenna at her word and
McKenna counted on the fact that the
mainstream media would unflinchingly
except her pathetic excuse not us here
at the rebel it is our job to hold
politicians to account and not be there
undeclared press secretaries like they
are in the mainstream media but getting
access to these documents to fact-check
liberal baloney is pretty expensive
frequently our requests for information
are denied or slowed down and we have to
lodge appeal after appeal just to get
things that under law we are all
entitled to see and we do something the
mainstream media doesn't tend to do we
publish our original source documents so
you can see them too now if you can help
cover some of the costs associated with
filing all these Access to Information
requests you can make a donation today
at rebel investigates calm for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunray asking questions
of this secretive liberal government is
our job but it is not inexpensive it
costs a lot of money to get access to
information documents to help us cover
the cost to bring you the truth go to
rebel investigates calm
you
