we had so many shootings in Toronto
lately what can you say to that well I
can say to that that we're gonna try and
get the guns off the streets trying
where are the guns coming
well 50% are coming from the United
States and 50% are being purchased
legally here and then trafficked so we
spent quite a bit of time talking about
that yesterday
crazy-person as this man that just
brought down devastation Sunday night
with mental illness like that tell me
how he was allowed to get a gun how is
that possible
where are the checks and balances that
answer that there are lots of checks and
balances in place and obviously in this
case he probably didn't follow the
system and go to fill out the paperwork
but one of the things we said yesterday
at our meeting was we're asking the
federal government to tighten up for
people who have had a history of mental
illness or people who've been involved
in issues of a domestic violence mystery
do they not do it I don't know this in
this case but the odds are in this case
this gun was not purchased through a gun
seller was purchased on the black market
and that's why we've talked so much
about gun trafficking and how we have to
get at that because those who are going
in to buy a gun in a gun store are
filling out the paperwork and they're
following the rules and probably the gun
sellers are too that's not where the
problem normally resides it resides it's
a black market both coming in from the
US and here in Canada so we're very
seasonal but I want you to know we feel
strongly about it as you do you know
councillor Fletcher myself the other
councillors and that's why we we spent a
whole day on this yesterday and I'm just
gonna go and put a flower down I'm gonna
have to go back to the city hall sorry
may I ask you if it the majority the
problem is black-market guns why are you
going after legal gun owners you know
legal guns ammunition gun clubs in
Toronto well I think in the case of the
city of Toronto and the urban area of
the city of Toronto I asked myself the
question and I think a lot of people in
the city are asking themselves the
question why do people need to have guns
in the City of Toronto at all I mean
police officers have them we understand
that Brinks truck drivers have them we
understand that but I think that the
rules today I acknowledge allow other
people to have handguns and we're now
posing the question given the number of
those that get stolen or end up in the
wrong place and given that people buy
them legally and then in some cases
traffic them is it going to be better
off for us not to have guns handguns in
the City of Toronto so that they can't
be trafficked
they can't be stolen because they're not
here and so that's the question I think
we have to grapple with here and the
fundamental one is is why do people need
to have guns in the City of Toronto
sorry you know we can get a illegal gun
in the space of one hour
I understand it from law enforcement
taking guns away from legal law-abiding
gun owners I don't see how that would
address this problem well part of the
discussion we're gonna have is about how
to make sure first and foremost you deal
with the lawbreakers and the people who
are trafficking and among you notice a
good deal of my own emphasis yesterday
was on trafficking and traffickers
because that's who we have to go after
first and but I think to me the question
of whether we could have a city without
guns I think we could live quite well
without them in the City of Toronto
legal or illegal that we could just live
without them and that's all that was
being said yesterday by a lot of people
including a lot of citizens
you
