CNN releases the michael cohen donald
trump tapes and i was boring as we
thought
CNN anon chris cuomo show como primetime
played this bombshell tape between
michael cohen and donald trump Cohen's
attorney Lanny Davis Bill Clinton's old
fixer is on the show
and the tape was about the most boring
thing I've ever heard
you've heard it by now if not if you if
you're driving don't listen no it's
gonna put you to sleep you're gonna run
off the road basically in a nutshell
you've got a lawyer and a client talking
about legally buying something that they
ultimately decide not to purchase I mean
and that's really it and that's really
it and there are 12 tapes if this is the
one they leaked to the media to damage
Trump then they got nothing nothing now
in one part of the tape Trump says about
buying the story from the National
Enquirer will it be with cash and
coincidently you could kind of make it
out no no no now everybody's oh my god
Trump wanted to hide this with cash in a
briefcase the dumbest thing I've ever
heard
because preceding that they talked about
setting up a company under which to buy
it they're structuring a deal and in
business I mean sophisticated bid I mean
any business any transaction I mean if
you're going to buy a car in a car
dealership
they ask you this is a cash deal or
you're gonna lease or finance cash means
a lump sum payment a wire transfer a
certified check a personal check if you
know the person they can verify the
money's in your account cash does not
mean money in a briefcase
it's so ridiculous in the irony of
seeing Lanny Davis doing this on CNN is
amazing Lanny Davis was Bill Clinton's
lawyer and confidant back in the 1990s
when Bill Clinton paid off Paula Jones
eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars
to settle sexual abuse claims
the lanny davis saying this proves that
Donald Trump is a mobster or a cartel
drug dealer
he's gonna pay in cash he's just dumb
dumb PNN was dumb for running it Chris
Cuomo was dumb for analyzing it and
what's with Chris Cuomo on CNN did they
lock this guy in a room at night and
only let him onto set for his show every
day does he not know how business is
done look they are trying so hard the
damage Donald Trump but Donald Trump
knew there was nothing in these tapes he
waived privilege and it was brilliant it
was brilliant because these tapes this
big nothing burger this boring recording
of a common lawyer client transactional
phone call has not the Russia Summit the
Russia collusion hoax arif problems
knocked them off the front page all
anyone's talking about is this dud of a
tape brilliant on the part of Donald
Trump and I'll tell you something else
if this is the best the left has
Republicans are in very good shape
going into the midterms in the 2020
election I'm gonna bring this stuff
every day so help me do it try to our
premium service at the rebel dot media
forward slash shows also check out my
new show declassified live every morning
on the rebels YouTube channel 7:30 a.m.
you're gonna love it live chat we can't
interact I talk about when you want to
talk about thanks for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
