it's a bird it's a plane it's a
successful female lead superhero show
adding a transgender superhero to the
cast so what will happen and what I
think is actually good about this I'm
then Davies this is pure Hollywood
the show Supergirl was originally on the
disney-owned ABC network and now moved
to the CW
now this successful show is going into
its new season and they decided to spice
things up a bit it was announced that
Nicole Mane's would play a transgender
superhero named Nia now or aka the
dreamer so a few things to know first
off no scarlet johansson public flogging
for having a biological woman play a
transgender woman even though everyone
on the Left says men and women are
exactly the same and if a man decides to
be a woman he is actually a woman but
anyway bullet dodged there because this
new character is gonna be played by
Nicole Mane's who was born a boy and has
been living as a woman for quite some
time now and this will be interesting
because Nicole Mane's is also an
activist who was an actual plaintiff in
a court case involving transgender
bathrooms in public schools and Nicole
won and it must be said for me that I
think anyone over 18 can do whatever
they want to with their bodies you can
live however you want to live go ahead
it's a free country
but in regards to the show here's why I
actually don't care at all about this
and that statement may come as a shock
because of the hysteria of labeling
everyone so hateful who is anyone write
of Joseph Stalin living in America but
honestly I really don't care the reason
is this the show can do whatever it
likes it can cast whoever it wants to
cast it can villainize anyone they want
to villain they can write any episodes
about whatever they want to have an
episode about because the fans can
choose to watch it if it's a bad product
they'll stop watching it if it's a good
product they'll gain new fans and the
main reason why I'm okay with this is
because they didn't change a character
they didn't take a beloved character and
change them to fit their ideological
narrative nyan now this new character
may be based loosely on a few characters
but it's not an actual character they
are rewriting for their own purposes
they created a new one basically and
that is always what I say don't make
James Bond a woman just create a new
character and the people like it they
like it and we will wait and see if this
new addition to Supergirl was more of an
attention-grabbing gimmick aimed at
virtue signaling across the country or
if this new character is genuinely
awesome which will engage fans and even
draw more viewership to the show but
until the premiere of the new season I
guess we'll have to wait and see I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
in awesome news like super awesome news
you can now download the rebel media app
and take me with you and have access to
the entire rebel lineup
you
