you don't care what Isis is doing in the
world right now no I actually don't what
is wrong with this world is that we
don't love and we don't talk to each
other it's just awful
both of us grew up in this neighborhood
and went to school here and I work I
brought you in Danforth it's just too
close to home you know it's such a
wonderful street in Toronto so vibrant
caf√©s bakeries boutiques and what do you
make of what happened Sunday sir it's
not fine speechless I don't know what to
say you know you Toronto is not the same
after all this violence they have to do
something about it
there's not been a good year that's for
sure tell me in the aftermath the
authorities are saying that the actions
of the gunmen it was just motivated by
mental illness do you buy into that or
do you think there might be more to this
story I don't know you know I'm waiting
to hear more and waiting to find out
what his motives or if if that's the
case and if he was mentally ill and like
I'd feel like more funding needs to be
put towards helping people that are
struggling with mental illness maybe
it'll help lessen these tragedies in the
future on the flip side CBS in the US
was reporting that this person had
visited Isis websites he had pledged his
support to Isis he may have visited
Pakistan in Afghanistan I'm just
wondering do you think there could be a
terrorism linked to what happened yes if
that is the case though if there is
terrorism why are the authorities so
reluctant to call it terrorism
can you please not descendant too racist
things right now please what I'm sorry
what did I say that was racist
don't come here the rebel really you you
don't need to be here right now this is
our community did I say anything that
was shooter had visited Isis websites
that is no I said CBS in the US I said
CBS in the US is reporting that hey the
rebel is not okay that is does not
represent Canadian values
why are you so mad ma'am this is this is
a news report that broke today can I
call you back this is not war about I'm
sorry this is not what Canada's about
Canada is not about racism you're the
one that's raising race there's a wall
you just asked if the man was a part of
Isis ma'am if if you listened
can I speak I'll let you speak oh can I
can i clarify no CBS and the a CBS in
the u.s. is reporting that he had yes
that's like that's like reporting on Fox
they can really fake the rebel fake news
fake news what's real news people that
actually have a media outlet that is
real and not racist CBC is dude yes like
CBC is better it's not perfect but it's
definitely better the rebel is a racist
source of news because we're asking
people their opinion of mass shooting
why and the match what is the mass
shooting have to do with a man that vis
like come on come on man have to do with
a man who you didn't finish that
sentence I need to because I'm trying to
understand what you're saying ma'am
about Isis that's yes stop no we're not
going home we're not going home we're
going for ice cream this is a community
thing we're here to take back our
community and this you are not my
community you can leave now oh this is
your this is your property it's about
peace this is about my community taking
back my community and not being racist
you're the one that's raising race
you're the one yelling Isis as a factor
I said CBS in the u.s. is reporting
propagating racist values that is this
is our community u.s. doesn't know
anything about this community so this
this
this is Danforth this is our city this
our city we need to not be here based on
based on whose authority based on my
authority cuz I live here do you do you
you live right on this spot I'm on
private property do you live here and
that gives you the right to tell people
to leave it ELISA mentality is that my
property no but this is my community we
live in a capitalist society don't we we
do unfortunately unfortunately you
prefer a communist society
I prefer socialist society yes I do it
in Venezuela perhaps no North Korea oh
my god I'm naming all that I'm naming
all the social sending into your own
hell right now listen these are hell
holes I agree with you
howls now you're quoting Trump lovey
that was perfect perfect he did a
different kind of hole quoting quoting
Trump is the best thing you could have
ever done for yourself
way to go that was priceless way to go
I'm done here it's priceless you don't
care what Isis is doing in the world
right now no I actually don't what is
wrong with this world is that we don't
love and we don't talk to each other we
don't form human relationships anymore
that is wrong with this world it's not
about your freaking fascist agenda in
your Martius fascist I'm gonna say the
word just like you quoted truck Trump is
a fascist call me on that quote me on
that okay
Ford people that elected Ford are people
that are demented and I've absolutely no
social he won a super majority
government d-mint most of the provinces
demented then know anything about social
reform do not know anything about
representative governments I have two
degrees in political science man don't
even try to challenge me well please
educate me don't even try what's your
degree in dude journalism exactly
exactly
leave me I'm mourning it every day man
point I I would assume for for the rebel
yeah that that explains that gun into
computer science you should have gone
into anything but what you're doing
right now honey political science
anything but what do you do for a living
right now man I'm a high school teacher
yeah okay about people like you and
about your agendas and about the racist
crap that you guys propagate in my city
after a tragedy that has moved every
single person
this community Toronto District School
Board to its core and you come here
questioning people about Isis and about
people visiting websites in Afghanistan
who the hell cares man people are
writing on a wall to show their
condolences what is your problem just
asking questions but you're yelling at
your a question nor is it appropriate
are you really a school teacher yes I am
is this how you teach your children by
the way pretty met them no come on man
seriously seriously sir are you that
dense dude I've never seen you teach man
seriously are you seriously that dental
I mean you said you're a teacher
don't question my profession with the
Truong District School Board does that
matter I'm just wondering where you
identify myself to you know you're right
you are not the cops and even if you
were the cops I know my Amendment right
so thank you
amendment rights we're done peace out
the rebel sucks ass call me on that one
the time for you so called medias
calling her thoughts echoing her
thoughts what would be the charge ma'am
you're gonna call the police completely
inaccurate and irrelevant this is
illegal under Canadian law and you know
what unfortunately not but if you start
spewing racist crap that is hate speech
yes it is can you tell me exactly what I
spouted as racist crap hate speech
you're making assumptions about an
individual that is now dead that we
don't need to be talking about in this
respect well I said that CBS was
reporting an angle and I was getting
people to comment baby yes why are you
quoting the United States we live in
Canada a Canadian story it's a Canadian
story it's my it's our story it's my
community's story you have no business
being here with your racist crap get
your racist crap out of my community get
it out now feel to see where I'm racist
but anyways you read your own stuff
online bro seriously wait enjoy your ice
cream guys
you
