on Sunday night in the lovely Toronto
neighborhood of the Danforth lots of
shops and restaurants and bars lazy
summer evening a terrorist calmly walked
down the street shooting everyone he
could he murdered a ten year old girl
and an 18 year old woman that's a lot of
shooting and a lot of hitting his
targets that went on for a very very
long time he walked almost a quarter of
a mile at a leisurely pace before he was
finally stopped by police here's a quick
video of the terrorist captured on
someone's cell phone he's on the
sidewalk on the left take a look calm
cool collected not the style of a madman
the style of a trained killer and
assassin I've read reports from firearms
experts commenting on the style in which
the terrorist held and fired his weapon
not in the manner of street gangs but in
the manner of law enforcement or
military I've read reports from
eyewitnesses who say he was completely
cool throughout were it not for the fact
that he was shooting people he'd be
unremarkable in his demeanor we don't
yet have the minute-by-minute
tick-tock style report but clearly he
obviously reloaded his weapon he was
prepared he was trained as I mentioned
he was stopped by and killed by police
but it took a while but then they fairly
quickly identified the killer police
said he was known to police and his aged
29 was immediately published but
authorities declined to publish his name
to why he's not a minor child he has no
privacy rights he's dead in any event
but for some recent authorities did not
name him for a full day that's odd
don't you think and so for the next 24
hours the discussion was somewhat
unmoored Toronto's feckless Mayor John
Tory really didn't have much to say he
never does
under his watch the murder rate has
doubled the murder rate in Toronto is
now higher than the murder rate in New
York City could even imagine saying
those words but he's like Sadek can the
Mayor of London who brushes off all the
murders and stabbings and they've got
acid attacks over there too and of
course
there - Sadiq Khan says it's just part
and parcel of life in a big city you
know that's not true it doesn't happen
in in Tokyo does it and not even in New
York as bad as Toronto but then
yesterday in a move that can only be
described as choreography the police
released the name of the terrorist
Faisal has same Muslim man obviously and
immediately simultaneously a Muslim
reporter at the CBC shinee phone a sir
with an islamic studies degree she
published an unsigned letter purportedly
from the terrorist family but of course
it wasn't written by him older Muslim
migrants not this language this was
written by some professional PR person
maybe a journalist may be a political
staffer who knows maybe shanitha
of the CBC herself but it was remarkable
how perfect the timing was they
obviously had it prepared and ready so
the moment the terrorist was named with
his Muslim name instantly the counter
narrative was grafted onto it the
message from the family being no no
nothing new this lamp didn't even use
the word
it's just mental illness that he had
struggled with his entire life as if
people with mental illness go out and
just naturally shoot people now it could
be that this was some psychotic episode
but we don't have that from the family
directly we have it from some unsigned
documents served up by the state
broadcaster and they won't discuss the
provenance of that document who wrote it
when did they get it from who did they
get it why did they wait to release it
with such perfect timing
is there any corroboration for the facts
and it was Faisal Husseini in fact
struggling with mental issues or did
they just make that up
and even if he was struggling about
mental issues what about the reports
that he was known to police that's what
police said and that CSIS was involved
CSIS doesn't get involved if you just
depressed Jo Warmington the reporter for
the Toronto Sun says law enforcement
sources say his sane had made trips to
Afghanistan and Pakistan and that he
consumed Isis propaganda online no not
enough forget all that it eats he's
mentally ill people just leave with that
actually the CBC didn't even leave it at
that they went from being 100%
championing the murder victims Toronto
strong to 100% championing the
terrorists it was like they just flipped
just switched sides look at this this is
another report from SHINee phat Nasser
of the CBC let me quote he had a
million-dollar smile she's talking about
the terrorists here not not as victims
the CBC is talking about how wonderful a
person the terrorist was here's another
CBC propaganda piece the terrorist was
polite humble they're really doing this
they're really whitewashing the murderer
the murder victims aren't even buried
yet the CBC has switched sides
now the Toronto Star put their
investigative reporter on the case okay
good we've got some good investigative
reporters over there the Toronto Star
whatever else you think of them look at
the headline what drove Toronto shooting
suspect to unleash violence on the
Danforth that's a good question was it
terrorism if so was at homegrown
terrorism did he practice being a
terrorist overseas
how did he get that gun that's a
restricted handgun in something like
getting a hunting rifle or shotgun did
he have what's called an RP al as a
restricted possession and acquisition
license to get one of those you need to
do a deep background check they call
your family I mean someone who has a
lifetime of mental illness you're not
going to get a handgun that I'm telling
this memo about lifetime psychotic
depression you're not going to get a gun
so how'd he get the gun where did he get
the training he was obviously trained
Joe Warmington article in the son said
his same regularly met up near his house
with up to 20 friends now that's fine
were they just friends though or are
they a group of people planning and
plotting links together was this a lone
wolf or part of a team a pack so what
did the investigative reporter for the
Toronto Star say well let me quote
Husein also shared a characteristic in
common with many mass murderers one that
has received particular attention in the
wake of a string of explicitly
misogynistic attacks he was male sorry
that's that's your
deep investigation that's why he did he
was male yeah it's got nothing new this
land people he's just a toxic man let me
quote some more so for example if a man
has passed over for a job say and the
job is given to a woman he may feel like
that woman stole his job but it was
never actually even his to begin with my
god did that did that just how is that
what happened to Faisal his same did
some woman steal his job so he saw why
he killed two women no that was just
some hypothetical situation that the
Toronto Star published something that
explicitly did not happen because they
actually don't want to talk about what
did happen they want to talk about
something else that didn't happen that
they can explain away that other thing
without criticizing Islam or open border
immigration or terrorism or unworkable
multiculturalism they literally had
their investigative reporter call up
some professors to get them to do some
feminist rant about some hypothetical
killer instead of investigating the
actual killer the words Islam and Muslim
terrorists appear nowhere in that trial
stop story instead
they actually wrote this the way society
tells boys from a young age they need to
be in control to be the hero and never
back down that's what their that's what
they're blaming here is that it's that
what happened and that's the Toronto
Star that's the biggest newspaper in the
country in terms of readership but I've
been asking some questions on Twitter
I've been thinking about it talking to
folks and I just been thinking out loud
and and then this reporter from the
Toronto Star
Jennifer Pagliano told me to delete my
questions
esra this kind of fear-mongering is
unacceptable it is disgusting you won't
it it won't be tolerated you should
delete it immediately and apologize holy
cow
now I was asking about the CBC's curious
timing to release the pre-written
anonymous statement saying oh nothing to
see here at the precise moment the
murderers name was revealed I asked
questions like who wrote that memo is
real just basic factual questions for
which there are basic answers I mean
there might be
innocuous answers or there might be
concerning answers but all of that is
wrong Fink according to the star and
it's not enough that I be criticized I
must delete those bad thoughts a look at
a words again let's get disgusting
unacceptable
intolerable fear-mongering no no it's
just journalism but what's odd is the
mainstream media is full of rage those
are rageful words rage towards me not
reach towards the terrorists they were
calling the terrorists a humble polite
man with a million-dollar smile they
were calling me names full of rage for
asking questions and telling me to
censor myself a fellow journalist from a
rival publication telling me to stop
asking questions
ya know we're still a little bit free in
Canada at least a little bit I want to
know how that guy got a gun I want to
know where he got his executioner style
training I want to know what his
relationship with the police and CSIS
was I want to know if he did indeed go
to Afghanistan and Pakistan and what he
did there and who he met there I want to
know what his parents really knew I want
to know what professional spin-doctor
grafted themselves onto the family to
issue that spin statement I want to know
who else was in on that whether it was
the CBC or a politician or even the
police I want to know what other threats
we have around the country I want to
know if in fact Faisal has sane was a
terrorist somewhere else and we let him
back in what are those Isis terrorists
maybe that Justin Trudeau says have a
powerful voice that we need to hear
so no sorry I'm not gonna be shushed by
the drum star or the dozens of CBC
government journalists who chimed in
after the start of the same effect look
we're just tiny here at the rebel but we
will ask real questions otherwise I mean
really what's the point that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
premie
you
