two dead and 14 injured in Toronto in a
mass shooting over the weekend at the
hands of Faisal Hussein but Mayor John
Tory knows who the real bad guys are
millions of lawful canadian gun owners
29 year old faisal hussein died in a gun
battle with police after he opened fire
in Toronto's Greek town killing two
girls aged 10 and 18 and wounding 14
others now the public really doesn't
know why Faisal Hussain did this the
police and city officials are not
releasing that information yet but the
family of the shooter says that faisal
hussein suffered from wait for it severe
mental health challenges including
depression and psychosis oh yes the old
mental illness excuse again and
Toronto's Mayor John Tory well he knows
the real reason why this happened a gun
made Hussein do this and a gun just
might make you do it too just watch this
agenda filled press conference from
Toronto's Mayor John Tory before the
bodies are even cold here as I've said
repeatedly this is an international
problem and this is a domestic problem
there are far too many people carrying
around guns in our city and our region
who should not have them you've heard me
ask the question of why anybody would
need to buy 10 or 20 guns which they can
lawfully do under the present laws and
that leads to another question we need
to discuss why does anyone in this city
need to have a gun at all did you hear
that John Tory doesn't understand why
anybody in his city needs a gun well you
know besides the fact that in a free and
capitalist society the government
doesn't determine my possessions based
on what they decide for me are my needs
I really can't think of a better reason
for a private citizen to own a firearm
than to defend themselves in a city that
is rapidly turning itself into a
drugged-out war zone and I'm not
exaggerating
the rapid deterioration of toronto's a
good as police were investigating
Hussein's mass shooting news broke that
police were investigating yet another
shooting in the city's north end ten
minutes after that shooting was reported
an individual arrived at a Toronto
hospital suffering serious potentially
life-threatening gunshot wounds and
again at roughly the very same time peel
Regional Police were looking for
witnesses after two grenades were found
in a well-known Mississauga park this is
all happening in the Greater Toronto
Area on the very same day John Tory is
living in a dream world because reality
well it's pretty ugly right now in
Toronto
I'm sure the gangs terrorists and mass
shooters who are of course known for
their strong commitment to following the
gun laws of our great nation you know
like not murdering people will all turn
in their already illegal guns into the
city because John Tory said they just
don't need them anymore now this is just
the progressive reflex to use every
tragedy to push for more gun control at
work in real time right in front of our
eyes there are questions about Faisal
Hussain in the gun he used that police
already have the answers to but they are
not telling us the police knew the very
second they knew Hussein's name if he
was a legal handgun owner
possessing something in Canada we call
in our pal or restricted possession and
acquisition license every day as in our
pal holder myself I am background
checked by our national police force
every single day including Christmas to
get or to renew that license I'm
subjected to the proctology exam of
background checks and this check takes
months and months and months to complete
now one of the key things the police are
looking for in that background check is
a history of violence especially
domestic violence and a history of
mental illness let me show you right
there I dug up an are Pell application
for you Section C is personal history
look at these questions here during the
last
five years have you been charged
convicted or granted a discharge for an
offense where violence was used
threatened or attempted involving the
misuse possession or storage of a
firearm involving trafficking or
importing drugs or controlled substances
okay next question during the past five
years have you been subject to a peace
bond protection order or in order under
Section 810 of the Criminal Code now
that's what we call a restraining order
here the next one during the past five
years have you or any member of your
household being prohibited from
possessing a firearm
next question during the past five years
have you threatened or attempted suicide
or have you suffered from or have been
diagnosed or treated by a medical
practitioner for depression alcohol drug
or substance abuse and behavioral
problems or emotional problems
next question during the past five years
do you know if you have been reported to
the police or social services for
violence threatened or attempted
violence or other conflict in your home
or elsewhere
next question during the past two years
have you experienced a divorce a
separation a breakdown of a significant
relationship job loss or bankruptcy and
then the next series of questions on the
application appallingly go on to ask you
about your conjugal status your sexual
partners your spouse your boyfriends or
your girlfriends this application for an
art pal it's very invasive what this
means is if Hussein was a legal firearms
owner obtaining his murder weapon
legally his family who are now claiming
that he has a year's long history of
mental illness and even his past
girlfriends all would have been
contacted by the RCMP during a
background check so either the gun was
possessed illegally or Hussein's family
didn't tell the police he was mentally
ill or even worse he wasn't mentally ill
at all and he has
other motives at work and those other
motives are being investigated our
friend Joe Warmington reports that
police are investigating a number of
motives including suspected Isis
sympathies
so who's saying could be a terrorist or
he could be a mentally ill person
illegally possessing a firearm or he
could even be a mentally ill person
whose family didn't tell the RCMP about
his mental illness but the answer to
that today from liberals is to take away
our ability to defend ourselves against
any of those awful scenarios in
Sutherland Springs Texas after a madman
stormed into a church and killed dozens
of worshippers inside a good guy named
Stephen Willeford armed with his ar-15
and his NRA training put an end to that
massacre when a man opened fire at an
Oklahoma City restaurant hitting three
people two legal firearms owners who
didn't even know each other both ran out
to their respective vehicles to get
their own handguns from their trunks and
then they both ran back and confronted
and fatally shot that attacker in
Washington State a concealed carry
permit holder who also just happened to
be a local church pastor shot and killed
a man after he went on a violent spree
with his car and a gun at a Walmart
Supercenter in Chicago in 2015 a
concealed carry permit holder who also
happened to be an uber driver stopped
what police are describing as a
potential mass shooting when a man began
began firing into a crowd there innocent
bystanders good guys normal people from
different backgrounds with one thing in
common
their guns stopping bad guys with guns
because they were there when the police
couldn't be now why aren't police
releasing that information about Hussein
and the gun he used in his fatal
shooting they know it and they knew it
immediately don't get me wrong I'm very
very Pro police it's their political
bosses withholding information to push a
gun control agenda
on behalf of Mayor John Tory that I
absolutely cannot stand in Canada and
especially Toronto the only thing
standing in between citizens and the
criminals is an overworked understaffed
police service in Toronto there will
never be a Stephen Willeford who will go
on to save countless lives in Toronto
people are helpless until the police
finally show up and Mayor John Tory is
just going to make it worse for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read what
you just saw there is the daily video
that I do here at the rebel but did you
know that I also have my own weekly
full-length show where I actually talk
about issues like gun control but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
incredible premium content treat
yourself to a rebel subscription today
you
