Owen Jones and his far left mates think
it's time to dump Faraj but I think it's
time to dump Owen Jones and to dump
far-left
fascism today I was unlucky enough to
see Owen Jones's face on my Twitter
timeline which doesn't happen all that
often because for some reason I'm
blocked not that I'm really all that
bothered who would want to see this face
on the screen every morning but what I
saw made my blood boil as it usually
does whenever this moron opens his mouth
on television he's running this new
campaign called dump
Faraj the plan is to get Nigel Faraj
sacked from his radio slot on LBC have a
quick brief look at the video that they
published today LBC are legitimizing
Anna Mae King mainstream right-wing
extremism and fascism at a time when the
far right is on the March
and poses a grave threat to this whole
country and major companies are
absolutely directly complicit in it and
they have to be held to account
companies are complicit is supporting
fascism because they support nyjah for
us somehow
technically indirectly through
sponsorship and advertising deals is
sorry mate but no no Jones is trying to
compare Faraj with say as a known a
tional action of a National Front or
something now I've got my issues with
Nigel Farage I think it was wrong for
him to call me and thousands of others
supporters of a Murray waters racists I
think that was wrong but that doesn't
make him a fascist and I'm willing to
accept that Owen could learn from this
your enemies aren't automatically
fascists because you don't agree with
them on the streets the far I are on the
March sometimes causing mayhem as they
do so and when Donald Trump visited and
they took to the streets we have an
attack a violent attack on a senior
trade union official the far-right he
says are marching on the streets and
causing mayhem but remind me just how
many tens of thousands of people rioted
in the streets of London when Trump
arrived when the President of the United
States arrived in the UK they behaved
like children rioted caused mayhem just
because they didn't like
the president and if we're going to
start using violent attacks by the way
examples of violent attacks that happen
at protests as evidence for some kind of
political threat then why are we
ignoring the constant violence from the
far left and anti-fur often supporters
of Owen Jones I once saw an auntie for
activists in Liverpool punch an old
woman square in the face this is all too
common it happens all the time and what
about the hustings in Lewisham East
where Amory Watters stood to in the
by-election a hustings was called it was
meant to go ahead with the debate and
hundreds of far-left crazy people turned
up outside violently attacking people
trying to get in they pushed over an old
man with a walking stick a friend of
mine they spat in the face of a young
girl and this was sponsored by the way
by the Labour Party and stand up to
racism these are supporters of the
people I Owen Jones and though in Jones
where was your outrage when that
happened at the Lewisham hustings or are
you only selectively outraged because
you're an ideologue pushing an agenda
hmm and here by the way Owen gets into
the crux of his point he thinks that if
Nigel Faraj is a ringleader of the
far-right which somehow I mean a
ringleader of the far-right
what exactly is far-right you know in
Jones's book because as far as I can see
Nigel Faraj is just a Euroskeptic Tory
but there is somehow Nigel Faraj is
therefore putting people in danger in
that because Owen disagrees with him he
doesn't deserve to have a job on LBC the
LBC presenter and former you keep leader
Nigel Farage provides the gateway
between the mainstream media and
right-wing extremism Owen Jones it's not
your job to tell people what they can
and can't think and you're not a moral
compass for us all to live by you're a
jumped-up Metropolitan turd from a long
line by the way of Communists and
Trotskyist don't you think that it's
funny that over four generations of your
family have been Communists and
Trotskyist does that not show you that
your loyalty is to familial tradition
and not to reason right you don't speak
for me or insurance and you don't speak
for millions of other Brits the more I
see of this the more my blood boils I'm
watching my country before my very eyes
be destroyed by extremists literal
extremists who are now trying to tell a
radio station who they can and
and higher the aim of this video is to
dump Faraj but I think it's time to dump
fascist Owen Jones I know it's not cool
to say that the the left of the real
fascist but hear me out on this one
Owen Jones is an authoritarian we know
this because he's telling LBC that they
shouldn't hire Nigel Faraj that they
should sack him and that Faraj doesn't
deserve a job because while he's mean
and far-right and now he's calling on
his minions of backwards underachieving
pinheads to start pretending that they
will never shop at TK Maxx again unless
they get rid of Faraj this is
authoritarian Owen Jones is also a
socialist he says it himself his parents
met as members of a Trotskyist military
group and his grandfather was a member
of the Communist Party so he comes from
a long line of socialists and Jones
wants to cunt down a freedom of speech
and he uses Joe Cox propaganda to
convince the country that there's a
threat from neo-nazis neo-nazis in 2018
England seriously and he'll stand by his
imbecile followers as they harass
conservatives kick people like me out of
university and attack people's homes
with bricks he'll stand by and watch as
if minions trying silence political
speech as they try and overturn the
result of a democratic referendum and as
they riot in the streets to oppose a
political visit that they just don't
like this is fascism this is real
fascism this is a fascist authoritarian
threat that I care about and by the way
Owen Jones
I don't like Nigel Faraj I don't but
unlike you I'm willing to accept that
people have different ideas and deserve
to have a voice even you deserve to have
a voice as much as that pains me to say
it I think it's important that LBC
continues to hire people with a wealth
of experience different backgrounds
different ideas because that's the basis
of free discussion and the basis of a
free society
it's time we fought back against
far-left bullying and harassment
campaigns Owen Jones's attempt to get
Nigel Farage fired from LBC has a wider
impact on freedom of speech in this
country and it's only gonna result in
more bullying and more harassment of
decent working families all over the UK
by these rabid far-left
lunatics dump Faraj I think it's time to
dump Owen Jones and dump far-left
fascism but instead of harassing Owen
Jones's employers and advertising
partners why don't we take the time to
remind LBC sponsors and advertising
partners that we're proud of free
discussion in the UK we support open
discussion and that will gladly continue
purchasing their products so here are
all the brands that Owen Jones is
calling on his menus to harass they
include BMW McDonald's TK Maxx Oasis and
NatWest tell them that you love their
products you'll continue purchasing
their products and buying their services
because you're proud that they support a
radio station that believes in free and
open discussion let's take the high
ground on this while Owen Jones and his
cronies continue to attack businesses
put jobs at risk and attack our
tradition of open discussion we'll say
that we're willing to protect business
protect freedom of speech and we're
ready to dump Owen Jones if you like
that and want to see more remember to
like and subscribe and download the new
rebel app from the Apple App Store and
the Google Play Store
you
