so there was nothing in his father's
behavior his demeanor that would suggest
he was prone to violence no no no his
father is good very good person and you
know he's he's friendly for other people
also coming here and his father to move
second for everybody
well I'm at 43 throwing cliff Park Drive
in the East End of Toronto and this is
allegedly where the gunman lived on the
seventh floor specifically minutes ago
the forensic unit showed up to do their
investigation and we're going to hang
here and hope that the police have some
kind of statement to make and also ask
if any of the bystanders that have
gathered here tonight know perhaps who
this gunman is and maybe what his
motivation would have been for carrying
out such a heinous act last night excuse
me guys do you know the name Faisal
Hussein ladies just wondering have you
do you know the name of Faisal Hussain
by any chance that's the information we
have ma'am about who the gunman was
thank you then hi folks any of you live
in this building or yeah we've heard
that the name of the gunman is Faisal
Hussain and he does that ring a name
ring a bell faisal sorry mispronounced
it anyone know that name Faisal who say
no okay all right thank you anyways some
people come here and then they apply
what do you call this they want to leave
refugee cases and yeah they have to take
care for these that Oh what is the past
and what is you saying maybe some of the
people that come here they do not
subscribe to Canadian values
exactly yeah I'm penny yeah we ran into
a couple of gentlemen who said that they
are fairly certain that Faizal Hussein
attended a mosque here at 65 thrown a
cliff park that's just up the road of
course from 43 so we're going to try to
visit that mosque and see if there's
anyone there and if there is if they can
perhaps tell us a little bit about
Faisal Hussain I'm with mr. Patel he is
a worshipper at the mosque that Faisal
whose hand evidently went to and mr.
Patel you were telling me that you don't
you haven't seen that person here but
you are familiar with his father yes I
know his father is a long time maybe two
three years yeah how would you describe
his father his father is like not too
much body but he's sick he's a shaking
hand and you know there's something
sickness I don't know so he said health
issues and is very polite very polite
you're mentioning Faisal has a brother
who was in hospital for a year I believe
yes he's a hospital before now they move
to Sunnybrook Hospital and but one day
one time one day he told me to drop me
on hospital that I drop him
you know our hospital but after somebody
told me they moved to Sunnybrook
Hospital and you know I see personally
his father is a good person he's come to
before here prayer also come here
sometime and you know there was nothing
in his father's behavior his demeanor
that would suggest he was prone to
violence no no no his father is good
very good person and you know he's he's
friendly for other people also coming
here and his father to move second for
everybody what do you think his father
is feeling given what happened last
night on the damn fourth I don't know I
am NOT see him now until I'm going to
see his father but I feel very sorry
that boy do it like this there you know
I feel very sorry that one you know
his humanity there's been no good for
you know for we are living here this
society and you know the city is good
city you know but you know happen for
like this as somebody told me that just
that guy is a depressant like he had
depression issues depression issues just
somebody told me that or I don't know
exactly but you know he's a this is a
secret for depression I guess you know
with these kind of cases you wonder if
it's mental illness or if it's somebody
that's been radicalized would you care
to take a guess what it could be
is the depression guy but otherwise you
know I don't know any idea for that boy
for whatever what's going on and what I
don't know that one but I know his
father only and I his father is very
good person he come all the time I'm pre
here last seven years here and you know
he's he's come some time and he's very
good person yeah Patel I appreciate your
time thank you very much
okay thank you well I'm on Danforth
Avenue right in front of Dimitri's where
the atrocity of last night took place
just 24 hours ago now to those who
haven't been to Toronto's Danforth
Avenue this is one of the most vibrant
streets in all of Toronto it's
jam-packed full of restaurants and pubs
bakeries boutiques it's one of the best
streets to go on a hot summer night but
last night for the second time in three
months terror
once again reared its ugly head on the
streets of Toronto now in the aftermath
we found out who the gunman is it's 29
year old Faisal Hussein and his family
has already issued a very polished
statement about his motivation or
potential motivation for the crime
namely that he was suffering from severe
mental illness now I'm not sure everyone
is buying that a few questions arise in
the aftermath for example why is it that
this statement sound light sounds like
it came from a PR agency secondly if
this was merely a mentally ill man why
was he known
police and thirdly why did CSIS Canada's
Intelligence Agency last night offer
help to the Toronto Police if again this
was merely a mentally ill individual
these are the questions that need to be
answered in the days ahead and you have
to wonder if we will really ever get the
answers for the rubble dot media I'm
David Menzies hey folks who may have
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download the rebel app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
