could cross-party remain mps be plotting
to create a new anti brexit party
the leader of the Liberal Democrats RINs
Cable has been in the news again today
for a few reasons actually first off
there's the possibility that people in
his own party might be considering
replacing him with a younger fresher
face chosen from their small selection
of MPs in Westminster but the other news
is that he's actually denied plotting
with other members of parliament other
activists to create a new anti brexit
centrist party but this is politics and
he could be lying who knows I'm not
saying anything in a recent video Vince
Cable explained that he missed a crucial
brexit vote in Westminster which really
surprised me because Theresa may only
won it by a handful of votes and Vince
Cable wasn't even there I don't think
Tim Farron was there either so they got
a lot in a lot of trouble for that but
the reason he didn't attend is because
he was attending a quote private
political event and he said that in this
video why won't you that well I think
we're making a bit of a mountain out of
a molehill
I think it's Derry planning is difficult
and environment of chaos and as it
happens I had a confidential political
meeting somewhere else I think with the
benefits of hindsight obviously I should
have been there
cable apologized for what he did he says
it was the wrong call to go to the
meeting instead of the vote in
Westminster I mean in my opinion if
you're a member of Parliament voting
should always come first right is that
just me if you're elected to the House
of Commons to vote on legislation you
should be there to vote I don't know
maybe that's a crazy idea for 2018 but
cable apologized you said it was the
wrong call but information has since
come out about what he was doing that
night and an unnamed source told The
Sunday Times servants recognizes that
the Centre ground has been all but
abandoned by the two mainstream parties
and was interested in exploring the idea
of a new party he is not implacably
opposed to the idea but wanted to be
reassured that it will actually get off
the ground and Vince may deny it but it
wasn't too long ago that he spoke to the
Business Insider when he said that
there's a possibility that new groups
might emerge in 2019 as if he was I
don't know teasing something but why
would they do this I mean the Liberals
in this country have a history of
forming a line
and new parties and things like that
they've always done it and it's kind of
worked out for them in the end to the
point where the Liberals ended up in
government in 2010 with Nick Clegg and I
think that's one of the reasons why they
might be doing this his Peaks people
remember the coalition government and
people remember that the Liberal
Democrats really didn't follow through
with a lot of things they wanted to and
they can't to be fair they couldn't they
were the smaller party but to be fair
they are also arses but people remember
them and people remember that Nick Clegg
lied he lied through his teeth to
remember his promise about voting not to
increase tuition fees and then what did
he do in government voted for tuition
fees people remember those lies and they
really matter so the Liberal Democrats
names always been tarnished by that and
then there's the issue that well now
they're just this smaller party and the
only vocal voice that's pro-eu they just
don't look good the Lib Dems are staying
and they could probably gain a lot more
support if they worked with other
members of parliament who moved over
from the Labour Party or the Tories Anna
sue Bri I'm looking at you if they moved
over and worked with the Liberal
Democrats in a new party they could
potentially gain more seats and focus on
remain areas it's potentially a winning
strategy and cable might be pleased to
see today that a new poll has been
released showing that a third of voters
would consider voting for a centrist
anti brexit political party
as a new poll reveals that 1/3 of
British voters would consider voting for
a centrist political party that opposes
brexit Vince Cable is accused of having
met with other activists talking about
the possibility of forming a new
political party that's centrist and anti
breaks it now the Lib Dems are stale
they're boring and people remember their
lies so the idea of working with other
MPs in a possible grand coalition of
parties or a new political party is not
completely out of the question but I
think the politicians are going to be
sorely disappointed if they try and jump
on the centrosome bandwagon under the
the banner of a new centrist political
party when they realize that centrism
means something very different to the
average voter for Vince Cable and a
Subaru and a host of Labour MPs you
might consider joining them on this
endeavor a centrist political party
might have an open borders policy but
for the average voter centrism simply
means neither left nor right it doesn't
mean opening your borders drags it at
this point could be a really interesting
thing it could be a reset for British
politics we've got a potential group of
MPs potential in Parliament running for
the centrist vote but polls are showing
more and more that people are willing to
vote for other political parties it just
could be that brags it was the spark we
needed to get British voters out of
their homes and voting finally for
parties other than labour Lib Dem or
Tories if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team remember
to Like and subscribe
you
