it's about two and a half hours past the
deadline for them to remove themselves
from the protest site and they haven't
yet and the police haven't shown up yet
so we decided to walk down this trail
this trail is actually the site of the
place where police were assaulted by
protesters okay give me your hand let's
go let's go let's go go go go go in the
forest but besides this trail being the
site of the assaults on police it's also
the trail that goes to the main Kinder
Morgan terminal and it's a third thing
it is literally the only place out here
that I don't have to deal with the
constant wafting of the stench of the
wacky tabacky you know as we were
walking up the hill today some
protesters were standing atop their
encampment and they had a few unkind
things to say to me here thank you take
home with you
just remember when your children are
sick and poisoned by this we were here
to help you out just remember that now
I'm not entirely sure if they know
exactly what we do with bitumen we don't
feed it to our kids we don't eat it you
know what we do do with it though we
refine it and we turn it into gasoline
and diesel and then protestors like
these guys put it in their cars so that
they can drive their cars down here to
protest oil and gas now as you can see
behind me as we're trying to work we
have constant minders following us all
around the woods because they think we
shouldn't be filming or working out here
without their permission but I don't
need their permission to do anything and
apparently they don't think they need
permission either for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn right we're here today
on Burnaby Mountain covering the camp
cloud protest camp and I'll be frank
with you the hopeful eviction of all of
them now to see all of our footage and
to help cover the cost of our travel
here and to cover the cost of our
security garden if you watch our footage
you'll see exactly why we need it go to
rebel Burnaby calm
you
