you were listed as someone who was
consulted on bill C 71 but as most
liberal consultations are it was a
complete and total sham and your group
the CSSA was not consulted at all no no
we were not consulted I don't know of
any firearms group in the country that
was and you know this is particularly
disturbing when you consider that our
president Steve Corino has sat on every
single firearms Advisory Committee all
the way back to Alan rock and I've sat
on every single firearms Advisory
Committee all the way back to n
McClellan so what we're dealing with
several decades of experience on this
issue
we've been advisors to ministers both
liberal and conservative and always
given them fair and faithful impartial
advice to the best of our ability you
know both Steve and I are accredited
experts on firearms in the Supreme Court
of Ontario for myself and Quebec for
Steve and I mean if you can't get much
higher accreditation than that and yet
we were not even asked to the table at
any point in time nor were we even
consulted about how these changes might
impact our communities terrible just
terrible and the people they did consult
were you know Alan rock cronies and
social justice weirdos people who would
just love to see women like me stripped
of my right to own a firearm in the name
of you know protecting me from male
violence yeah actually the I think they
even say at times it's protecting you
from yourself
you know it's amazing these social
justice warriors they have no regard for
anybody anyone's opinion other than
their own that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
