for the rebel media I'm as relevant in
the heart of London I'm on westminster
bridge named because of course the
Palace of Westminster is right over
there that's where the houses of
parliament are you can see big ban the
iconic clock it's surrounded by
scaffolding being repaired as any old
building is from time to time it's a
very touristy area as you can imagine
for example tourist shops like this
selling the Union Jack of course Brits
are not really allowed to have those
that any protests or on their homes
that's called causing a disturbance
these days but tourists are at least
allowed to wave them you can see the
tourists are packed that mighty ferris
wheel there it's called the the
Millennium Eye the London I was going to
call the Millennium Eye that's what was
originally called the London Eye it's
it's amazing you get a an unparalleled
view of the entire city lots of tourists
and it was on this exact spot on March
22nd 2017 that a convert to Islam who
took the name
Khalid Masood he took that name in
prison he got in his rented 4x4 and came
up the road Florida more than a hundred
kilometers an hour more than 70 miles an
hour hopped on to the sidewalk and you
see how busy this pedestrian sidewalk is
on Westminster Bridge he mowed down 50
people and he just kept going and going
boom boom boom boom like a bowling ball
that never stops he killed four of those
50 people on the bridge then he hopped
out on the other side stabbed a police
officer who was unarmed and then was
finally only then shot himself it was a
horrific terrorist attack and as you can
see in Britain they brought these things
I call them diversity barriers because
of course
it's part of the new vibrant UK there's
a lot of diversity barriers these and
the walled off bridge I don't know are
they hideous well they're not
particularly pretty but as Sadek and
says it's all part and parcel of living
in a major city here let's go further
down the bridge we're now halfway across
Westminster Bridge as you can see we're
getting close to the Parliament it's
crowded on the streets it must have been
even more crowded on that day because
almost 50 49 people were wounded and
they were mainly towards people from 11
different countries were wounded there
were the the murders the deaths but
there's no memorial here that that's
something curious about Great Britain
there's so many memorials in London to
all the great wars that the British
Empire ever fought two great men who
were successful or some who weren't but
where's the memorial to those who were
murdered here just a year ago the
closest I can find are these withered
flowers that would have been left here
by some private person who remembered
that terrorist attack that's it
that's it there's no that's not even a
plaque I suppose there is a permanent
monument though it's the steel barriers
and those ugly diversity barriers at the
very end there that's the closest the
British government will come to
recognizing what happened on this spot
here let's continue walking down
so Khali Massoud took his 4x4 raced
across the bridge mowing down dozens of
pedestrians most of them tourists he
crashed his vehicle against the fence
got out and ran around this whole thing
took less than two minutes from the
beginning of the attack to the end he
came around and he found the carriage
gates open as they are now and he ran in
you'll see there's a sign saying
trespass is against the criminal law
citing chapter and verse
yeah well that didn't mean anything to
an armed terrorists he came through and
the first police officer he encountered
was not armed but Khalid Massoud was he
had a knife and he murdered the police
officer immediately the whole thing from
start to finish from hitting the
pedestrians on the bridge to the murder
less than two minutes another security
guard the personal bodyguard of the
Secretary of Defense saw the murder and
he was armed and he put down Khalid
Massoud I think it's ironic to me that
the police officer guarding Parliament
himself was not armed the bodyguard was
and of course the terrorist was - from
start to finish a minute and a half six
dead including the terrorists 49 injured
and not a single marker anywhere of this
horrific attack other than the diversity
barriers
this is the final stop on our recreation
of the steps of Khalid Massoud he met
his demise behind this metal gates when
he was finally neutralized by the first
armed officer who encountered him as you
can see around me there's no lack of
diversity barriers here at Parliament
they come in all shapes and sizes there
are a few heavily armed police we saw
some of them as we tried to enter the
precinct of parliament we were tonight
unlike that day last year when the hel√∫
Massoud busted his way in but I still
think official Britain is getting itself
its living in a sentimental bygone era
where unarmed
British bobbies could patrol the streets
merely with the force of their moral
persuasion and the respect that they
commanded from the citizens that era is
gone and a new enemy is on the streets
of Britain will the new armed police
stop the next Bridge attack well we
already know the answer there was
another attack on another bridge the
London Bridge it was also by a Muslim
terrorists there are many bridges in
this town expect more murders until
something is done to solve the root of
the problem for the rebel dawn media I'm
Angela Vance
