you raise a good point though just you
know days hours before this announcement
you had Prime Minister Trudeau and
Gerald butts and Minister Hussein saying
there is no border crisis there is no
migrant crisis and then suddenly hours
later we have a Minister of border
security so kind of a mixed message
wouldn't you say it is a mixed message
but you know this is all about the
upcoming war with organized crime for
the marijuana market in Ontario and in
Canada and that's what this is about so
the government is now beefed up and they
have a former cop and the ten-year chief
of police and Bill Blair that's going to
oversee this and he'll I
it'll be interesting to see you know how
he marshals you know his kidding kidding
marshal the RCMP or the OPPD's you work
with the provinces because make no
mistake there is going to be a marijuana
war over who controls the market is it
going to be the Canadian people and the
the private industry that's run a lot by
Chiefs of Police or is it going to be
organized crime that don't follow the
environmental rules or any other rules
and they can undercut the price and
we've seen already what you know it's
happened right here with the Amory's and
all these different stores and it's
happened in every city but you know I
work in Toronto so I notice it where
they shut down all the mom pop you know
distiller dispensaries yes and that was
using the police as the muscle you know
to go against these companies that are
on the you know the public markets
trying to raise millions and billions of
dollars on marijuana sales so you know I
find what you're saying absolutely
fascinating joke because I'd never
thought of it until just now with your
response so what you're saying is that
Bill Blair's role is going to be less
about border security it's going to be
more about part to organized crime
reduction meaning preventing illegal
marijuana from games of the country
because it's all really about money the
government wants it's yes the action
through the legalized channels when
finally get this system going because
for the less you know I don't know
whatever the years are but the
50 years the marijuana sales have not
been through the government or through
legalized you know private sector so
that's changing so there's no there's a
new player in the town and say move over
everybody else we're it we're illegal
well you're gonna have to police the
other guys because they're not going
away and so that's what this move is
about and also the guns that come across
the border to help enforce the war which
is coming this is not a time to be
cutting back on police this is a time to
be you know getting ready for the war
that's going to happen you thought the
war on drugs was a problem before but
now that you are the biggest drug dealer
in terms of the government you're gonna
have to fight the people that want you
know to sustain their own market that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
