ignore the naysayers and the doom and
gloom surrounding brexit President Trump
wants to work with the UK on a
cutting-edge trade deal
Trump might well think that Teresa May
is a school mistress and well we do know
that's what he thinks cuz he said it so
I'm confident that he doesn't like
Teresa May but I'm glad that he can see
through her and he can see through our
traitorous politicians in the UK and
still want to work with Britain on a
mutually beneficial trade deal it's
fantastic news and in a letter written
to Congress on Tuesday by Robert light
Heiser the Trade Representative for the
US he said that the United States will
be well prepared to start negotiations
with the UK on a broad and deep trade
and investment relationship and that's
exactly the kind of news we want to hear
it's the kind of news we need to hear
right now with Teresa May constantly
scuffling with the EU constantly coming
up against this brick wall that is
Ireland it seems very negative breaks it
at the moment so it's nice to hear a bit
of good news but also this is what
brexit ears have been saying all along
it's nothing really all that surprising
we knew this would happen
because once we leave the customs union
and the single market we're free to set
our own rules were not bound by all the
regulation of the EU so we can go ahead
and make our own trade agreements we can
make whatever deal we want with the
United States because we don't won't
have the EU in our ear nattering away of
those telling us you can do this and you
can't do that we can go ahead and make a
cutting-edge trade deal with the United
States if we so wish and Trump appears
willing to do it and this is the freedom
and the kind of opportunity that we need
to allow our economy to grow in our own
interests and not in the interests of a
dying political and economic Union on
the continent and this is something that
Trump has been pledging for a while so
it's good to see that he's keeping yet
another promise not just to his own
people in the United States but also his
friends and allies here in the United
Kingdom are benefiting from his
presidency - it would be easy for Trump
to just look across the pond right now
look across the Atlantic Ocean and just
spires in the distance bickering with
the EU not knowing what to do with
ourselves and he could quite easily go
you know what I don't want to be a part
of this but actually no he's looking
past the shambles
and seeing an opportunity Britain
leaving the European Union become a good
becoming a globally trading nation bound
by its own regulations not the EU and
Trump sees that as well this is an
opportunity for me to benefit my own
people benefit my friends in the UK as
well and grow our economies so it's
fantastic news but it's certainly
something that the left in the UK and
the Liberal Democrats than it Clegg's
and the ANA seabreeze don't want to hear
but the leader of the free world sees an
opportunity
we might be told that we can't survive
outside the EU but it's simply wrong our
economy is stronger we have a lot to
offer and if the United States sees an
opportunity for growth with the UK then
the European Union must know very well
that once we leave the EU on our own
terms they're going to suffer and they
constantly try and scare us and
manipulate us into thinking that
actually we're not going to do all that
well outside the EU they're also trying
to manipulate us into thinking that the
vast majority of Brits want to stay in
the EU and a good way of showing this is
the story that comes from ghido today it
says EU survey manipulates franchise to
boost remain and let me just quickly
read what this says it says an EU funded
survey found an extraordinary 18 point
lead for remaining in the European Union
so that was fifty five three percent to
thirty five percent that's a crazy
turnaround since that the referendum in
quote way out of line with the polling
average which shows the country remains
more or less equally divided down the
middle what could have caused such an
unusual result upon deeper inspection
number boffin Matt Singh found that
can't our poll had included respondents
as young as 15 years old as well as
others who are not entitled to vote such
as non UK citizens on top of that it was
not weighted to the 2016 vote nor did it
include any turnout modelling they might
as well have asked the people's vote
coffee morning and there you have it the
constant manipulation by the press by
the EU by everybody who doesn't want us
to leave
- first off tell us that we won't
survive outside the EU and then secondly
tell us well you don't even want to
leave anyway so why not just change your
mind so while this news that Trump wants
to start a deal with the UK is a great
sign that we have
opportunity's post brags it it also
reaffirms to me that the European Union
is just bluffing when they threaten us
if they want to hurt us when we leave
the European Union on our own terms then
they are the ones who are going to
suffer that's why they're trying to
terrify us about the prospects of
leaving on our own terms
the European Union will suffer and they
will come crawling back to us hate
preacher Anjem Choudary has hundreds if
not thousands of disciples across the UK
he's been radicalizing young people for
over 20 years and many of his disciples
have gone on to kill and yet after only
serving two and a half years in prison
he's due to be released and the
government can stop it with your help we
can tell the government to stop it and
send this man back to prison so please
go to jail and Jim calm and sign the
petition
you
