gentlemen and the rest of you it is
Thursday July 19 20 18 and this is
battleground
thank you so much for tuning in I'm
David Menzies filling in for Ezra Levant
and as you well know
Ezra vent is across the pond in the UK
he's been covering the Tommie trial and
I would just start with that folks
actually nothing new to report from
yesterday if you missed our updates from
yesterday I can tell you what the status
of the Tommie trial is the Chief Justice
says they have a complicated task in
front of them I'm not so sure why it's
complicated but I'm not a legal legal
but I'll take him at his word and they
hope to complete this complicated task
by the end of July so almost two weeks
to go and as israa has adroitly noted if
it is so complicated and if tommy really
isn't a threat to public safety
why not let him out of prison in the
meantime why not release him and
apparently that's off the table which is
too bad because what came out at the
trial was the shocking treatment tommy
has received on the behalf of his
jailers this case the for you delve into
it folks it just reeks and reeks and it
completely suggests to me that Tommy is
a political prisoner and I say this
based on the fact that it just looks
like the UK is shooting the messenger as
opposed to addressing the problem that
the messenger is addressing himself and
also based on case law precedent in the
UK where contempt of court penalties and
I'm talking about serial contempt of
court violators folks never receiving
this kind of a penalty when tommy was
hauled off in May 25th and had that
5-minute sham trial I call it to get a
13-month sentence completely
disproportionate to whatever has
happened in the UK before in terms of
contempt of court so that decision could
be any day it
probably gonna be later rather than
sooner because the wheels of justice
always grind slowly and I think from the
get-go right from me the UK justice
system has been ragging the puck to use
a Canadian term in terms of getting some
quick closure here and let's all hope
that Tommy does get out but in the
meantime in case you missed it our team
went out on Saturday July the 14th for
the free Tommy rally and my team of mr.
producers have put together a little
highlight reel some of this has been
posted on our website but in case you
missed it I think it's refreshing to see
the kind of wonderful support Tommy is
getting in the UK so let's roll some of
that footage of that Tommy rally that
occurred last Saturday
tell me a revelation for me and for all
of you a lot of common people here in
Britain and Europe and all over the
world is another very far all right
we've come here to support Tommy
Robinson because globally we are losing
freedom of speech and what's happening
to him if it weren't for him no one
would know what's going on with these
Muslim grooming gangs I'm here for all
the girls that had been raped by the
Pakistani Muslim men and I'm here to
thank Tommy Robbie Stern because he
actually made me aware of this because
the British media do not want us to know
the truth what's going on in this
country
and there you have it folks I think
that's so so wonderful to see all that
support are those people coming out and
voicing their opinions and not being
locked up yet for voicing those opinions
and by the way if you want to chip in to
the Tommy fund you can please if you can
go to Tommy Troy oh sorry save Tommy
calm that is for his legal expenses
which are considerable folks and every
penny is going to Tommy's legal team
that is save Tommy calm and if you want
to chip in to Ezra's mission over to the
UK it's not cheap especially booking at
the last minute London is one of the
most expensive cities in the world
perhaps you can kindly go to Tommy Trial
calm that's Tommy Trial calm even if
it's a buck or two or five we are very
appreciative of all your donations and
as we've mentioned none of the money
from save Tommy calm which is
exclusively for his legal fees are going
to fund
Ezra's mission in covering the trial
over in London and of course this cost
you no money you can tweet hashtag free
Tommy and you can also download the free
Tommy
ringtone at Tommy ringtone dot-com so
there you go say your support say it
loud say it proud to everyone out there
okay so like I said in the days ahead
hopefully sooner rather than later
although I think it will be later rather
than sooner we'll give you the latest
updates on Tommy
now once again folks my blood got
boiling this morning just hearing the
press coverage and the NDP fanatics in
the province of Ontario describing the
Public Safety Minister to bolo as a
racist Michael
I'll give you the background on this
story folks he went on a ride-along with
the Toronto Police Service to the Jane
Finch area now for those unfamiliar with
Toronto Jane Finch for as long as I've
been alive has been one of those
neighborhoods that you really don't want
to go to it is economically on the lower
end of the scale it is it has a
disproportionate amount of crime I guess
by me saying that that makes me a racist
- I suppose according to the social
justice warriors out there but anyways
Public Safety Minister Michael tavolo
barely two weeks on the job since being
sworn in as part of the Doug Ford
Progressive Conservative government goes
on a ride-along in the wee hours of the
morning to see how bad things are and
things are shockingly bad he actually
went to a bullet-riddled crack house
where he walked across used needles he
said he was terrified and you know what
I'm glad the minister was terrified not
because I want him to experience any
kind of mental trauma but maybe when the
elected officials become terrified they
moved to action and not saying that
Minister teabolo was dragging his feet
he's barely two weeks a minister but
here's the thing for having the temerity
to wear a bulletproof vest in the wee
hours of the morning in the Jane Finch
area a very bad bad neighborhood in
Toronto and I'm sorry to say so but it
is the truth he's been accused of being
racist I am Andrea Horwath the leader of
the NDP actually said to bolos actions
were quote inexcusably racist
inexcusably racist but why because he
sought to protect himself and also it
should be noted and I don't even know if
the Honorable leader of the Opposition
is even aware of this but the rules of
having a Toronto police ride-along
stipulate that you must wear a
bulletproof
for bullet resistant vest and that
doesn't that means for every
neighborhood folks if you're going to
Rosedale Forest Hill Moorpark Lawrence
Park those are the nicer posh
neighborhoods of Toronto where you're
very unlikely to find a crack house you
still have to wear it it's the rule and
the minister was only following the rule
and imagine if the minister said oh well
you know what for virtue signaling I'm
not going to follow the rules I'm not
going to wear a bulletproof vest then of
course he would be condemned for that
wouldn t it be oh the Public Safety
Minister look at him above the rules and
regulations of the Toronto Police
Service give me a break
but anyways um I don't understand why it
is that we are living in a society right
now that when the truth hurts and it
maybe is hurtful to some people to hear
that your neighbourhood is on the lower
end of things I mean if Toronto was a
Monopoly board Jane Finch is kind of
Mediterranean Avenue or Baltic it's
pretty far removed from boardwalk in
Park Place but that is the truth of the
matter and I don't say this with any
glee this neighborhood needs help and
this is a minister going out on a
fact-finding mission to think of ways in
which he can help this neighborhood and
help the people who live in this
neighborhood most of whom are actually
all of whom I would say go about their
business without a police escort and
without wearing a bulletproof vest and
unfortunately some of them pay the
consequences for this when it comes to
dealing with the gangbangers that infest
this neighborhood but we are now living
in a society folks where if you say
something truthful but that truth is
hurtful
it is therefore racist I mean this would
be my question to Andrea Horwath what
was racist about him wearing a flak
jacket he didn't even mention race not
once in any of his statements so I would
say that maybe the racism here is on the
behalf of Horwath for assuming this is
some kind of oh I don't know anti black
statement and I really don't know I
don't understand again what the racism
angle here
is when it comes to wearing a flak
jacket and this is sort of a you know
this is a triple play in the last ten
days isn't it ladies and gentlemen
because we also saw Toronto Mayor John
Tory we've discussed this on earlier
shows being condemned by the
progressives especially Desmond Cole who
was all about white privilege and white
supremacy and systemic racism that's the
drum he continues to beat describing a
couple of gangbangers who fired live
rounds of ammunition in a playground
where two little girls were playing
could have killed them and he
justifiably called those gunmen sewer
rats and suddenly people on the left
like Desmond Cole are saying oh no you
can't call them sewer rats that's in how
dare you conflate the black community
with sewer rats well first of all the
joke's on Desmond Cole because of the
time of merit or email mark he didn't
even know the race of the gunmen so you
see there's always this assumption that
everything on the progressive left is
about race and then just the other day
well here we have the headline there
Mayor John Tory won't apologize for
calling gunman who wooded tee young
sister his two young girls rather sewer
rats and by the way I'm not the biggest
John Tory fan but I can tell you this
folks thankfully he has a spine on this
one it seems to be the do-rag or policy
strategy of those in office or those in
the media or in the public limelight to
always apologize even though the
allegation doesn't bear any merit to the
reality of the situation so good for
John Tory calling a couple of sewer rat
sewer rats and good for the mayor not
apologizing now I wish I could say there
was a similar amount of spine in the
back of our Conservative Party of Canada
leader Andrew Shearer because a couple
of days ago what tweet went up where it
was making mention of our porous board
security and basically what the tweet
showed ladies and gentlemen was a
migrant pretty well dressed with a new
suitcase waltzing into Canada and he was
stepping over some old tweet by Justin
Trudeau basically saying you know Canada
welcomes you you being I guess everybody
in the world well guess what the for
having the temerity to depict that
person the the actor they uses the
migrant walking over into Canada as a
black man well the house of racism again
came from the Liberal Party and they're
useful idiots in the media but look at
where some of these can I call them
illegal immigrants because I know Justin
Trudeau likes irregular you know kind of
like you know when you get a sock for
60% off McGregor's you get the discount
because it's irregular because there's
something wrong with the fabric so can't
use illegal even though they are illegal
so we call them a regular so well use
the the people kind
esque language of Justin Trudeau look at
where some of these are a lot of these
alleged refugees and migrants and asylum
seekers are coming from Nigeria
hey Haiti Somalia pretty predominantly
black countries I'm sorry to say and
again if we are having black refugees or
brought black refugee claimants or black
migrant claimants and asylum seekers
coming into Canada and that's a fact
again stating a fact in 2018 because a
fact might be harmful or it goes against
the politically correct reality of the
social justice warrior set and the
progressive set that is therefore
automatically racist and I say no and
it's a shame that Andrew Shearer decided
to take that down
I don't understand why and what I would
have done if I were Anju Shearer the
Conservative Party leader is develop a
spine and defend the merits of that
tweet and it was there was nothing
racist about it and actually turned the
question around and say to the people
charging him with racism
what's racist about her or is are we in
a society now folks we're in advertising
in movies anything in which you have to
depict a bad guy
the default bad guy has to be white
because if it's a person of color
therefore that is a racist statement I
think that's where we're headed and as
I've said before if everything is racist
then nothing is racist so let me go to
the computer here which is seems to be
having which seems to be paving right
now and we'll see what we have going and
I'd like you to weigh in on this because
that's three in a row where elected
leaders are called racist
when there is no racism whatsoever now
here's a good one going back to the
Tommy Robinson trial from V z IX
not so complicated when they arrested
arrested Tommy and sentenced him at
lightning speed yeah it's funny that
isn't it the lawmakers and the enforcers
of the law sure knew the law when they
arrested Tommy on May 25th and within
minutes I mean it when have you ever
seen the wheels of justice go at that
kind of Formula one speed within minutes
tried and convicted him and gave them a
sentence so over the line in terms of
precedent that everyone's shaking their
heads or at least most people are
shaking their heads so good point there
Czech nationalists says rebel is Tommy
still in one piece I think he is but I
can tell you this spending any amount of
time and solitary confinement that is
not fun that is mentally debilitating
and I hope there's no kind of you know
side effects from
me from that and uh let's see okay so
observer dude said he said if I'm being
racist I'm out of the bar I explained I
wasn't being racist and he just walked
away I think I walked into a
conversation halfway through but I think
they're making my point that if you're
saying I think this was the story I
think I remember this from two days ago
where you were saying something maybe
pro-trump and therefore that makes you a
racist too hey why not
like I said anything that the left
disagrees with is apparently an act of
racism and a redhead rants that's
disappointing that sheer back down it's
very disappointing
I think I'm preaching to the choir here
when I say that we really need regime
change in this country and the election
is a year and a few months away and my
goodness gracious
when is mr. Scheer going to pick up his
game if that is indeed possible I mean
he can't keep backing down and I'm sorry
he comes across right now as the
Invisible Man like what is his presence
right now and think of all the liberal
gaffes and where is shir on these files
I think if he thinks he can just go on
cruise control and avoid saying anything
contentious or controversial he'll just
be elected as the next prime minister I
think that's a really sad and sorry
strategy especially since what I take
from out there is that so much the
electorate is not engaged and that more
than anything suggests that Shearer
needs to you know get on his game and
pick it up a little and for goodness
sakes stop apologizing when there's
nothing to apologize for
okay then see we have
check nationalist says send fascists on
immigrants they hate them well I don't
know if you're condemned condoning
violence there but I would have to
disagree
Tony naggy writes it's so hot the
snowflakes are melting if only they'd
just see I think the heat triggers the
snowflakes - Oh John I love the I I
don't understand these comments we get
them from time to time but if you like
free speech you've got to take the bad
stuff with the good stuff
John h23 Zed says you're a bunch of I
don't know what that it looks like
Hebrew Polish communists you are fake
Jews well actually that's interesting a
little take on fake news I don't know I
can't remember anyone at the Red Bull
who wasn't Jewish
claiming to be Jewish so if you can
educate me on why any of us here would
be fake Jews I would love to hear that
but you know if you're gonna throw a
stone like that at least make it
coherent and something I can understand
certainly as well event is Jewish he
sometimes get some mail emails about
that and I think he took on the alias of
the Hebrew hammer the other day
embracing his Jewish background and good
for Ezra for doing so
I like that by the way the Hebrew hammer
sounds like a WWE character and we have
well I can't read the name because it's
so many random keystrokes but he says
that Ezra is a media God and Patrick Max
writes mensies wife is Jewish AHA yes
indeed Patrick you have found me out
I guess does that make me a fake Jew now
that my wife is Jewish but she is Jewish
and proud of it so there you go okay
from shell ek I don't think share
realizes that the majority of the people
who voted for him expected him to stand
up against the other parties instead of
bowing down to them and the media and
yeah well you know what I don't know
what Shearer thinks either but you know
I think I just try to imagine how things
might have been a little different if
Maxine Bernier were the leader don't
forget we were talking about a
leadership contest I believe it went to
the 13th ballot and I believe the margin
was less than 1% for edges here to
become a leader it's all hypothetical
now but I wonder if things would have
been different with max in charge I can
say this I don't think they could have
been I don't think they could be more
lame than what we have right now but you
know what Mr Shearer proved me wrong I
would love for you to prove me wrong
because I don't think I can take another
term of these trudeau liberals running
the running the roost in Ottawa and we
have okay then mr. Wolfe Hebrew hammer
great movie his removi called the Hebrew
hammer if so I think I'd like to look
into that
okay and Robert Wilson oh this this
bodes badly for me when is Arabic
capitals back well definitely by Monday
I have to apologize for some well we
were accused of being fake Jews I have
to apologize for the fake news i under
just a day I said today would be my last
day filling in for Ezra who I agree is
much better at doing this than I am
but you have me tomorrow too so
hopefully things will continue to run
smoothly
so let's um change gears here ladies and
gentlemen and oh I hear from mr.
producer number two that we have a super
chat and I'm going to scroll over to it
and it's Jay mone c18 for $5 Thank You
Jay so much
for your donation big fan your men on
street videos remind me of those great
mark dice videos well thank you so much
mr. dice does a fantastic job a hundred
percent I'm in agreement with you there
and for those who that might not be
familiar with what Jays saying my super
cameraman Efrain and I go out to the
streets of Toronto we do a couple of
different kind of generation Trudeau's
one is the generation Trudeau after dark
where admittedly we're interviewing
inebriated mostly Millennials to weigh
in on politics and of course we always
get condemned by one or two people
oh how unethical why would you interview
drunk people well I say alcohol very
often works as true sir and then we do
another version where we go on to the
campuses and we basically take something
from the news and then throw a false and
the middlee false twist on it and ask
the kids to weigh in on that I think one
of our first ones it wasn't even a false
twist it was just a goof if you will we
went onto the campus of Ryerson
this was 2016 2016 rather and it was the
centenary of the suffragette movement in
Canada and we asked predominantly female
students on campus if they would sign a
petition against female suffrage and I
don't think anyone said no like aunts to
an open jam jar at a picnic they all
signed it not really realizing that
suffrage had nothing to do with violence
against women which I presume is what
they were upset about but all about
giving women the right to vote and these
were sober University students so what
does that say about the level of
education in Canada but thank you so
much for that and I have to say J it's
the people we get on camera that just
make it so delightfully easy for us in
terms of delivering the entertainment
typically in a unintentionally funny
kind of way
and I know about you folks of all the
humor out there slapstick humor black
humor
I think unintentional humor that is my
favorite kind of comedy bar none
and we have another super chat and let's
see oh my goodness it is this might be
the biggest one I've seen well I've been
in this chair a little freezing of the
computer and I promise you mr. producer
I haven't pressed any buttons
the problem is folks with these fat
fingers and these tiny little buttons
it's it's kind of like giving a
Neanderthal man a typewriter and asking
him to make good with it and I cannot
for whatever ease ok I'm gonna go to the
mouse ah look at that
you know what I think guys the mouse is
an easier thing so nope
bear with me I'm looking for that super
Chet I saw it in it here it is a Lee
Clark $50 keep up the great work well
thank you so much Holly that and by the
way thank you even more than the
compliment thank you for that very
generous donation $50 is fantastic
all that money helps us keep the lights
on and pay the expenses here and when
you're living in Ontario believe me we
need every penny even though we don't
make pennies anymore
we need every nickel I should say so
thank you for that and I'm pleased that
you donated that amount of money and
from Donald MacLean we have shear
doesn't have the stones well Donald you
know he's got a year and a bit to
rediscover his stones I hope he has
stones he's gonna need stones he's got
to go in front of the Canadian people
and say you've had Brand X for four
years it ain't working and here's why
you should vote for me and it shouldn't
be just because Brand X the Liberal
Party is so bad it should be because of
what you're bringing to the table and I
would be as public as possible in terms
of getting your brand out there what you
stand for what you
ideas are instead of turning into Claude
Rains the Invisible Man and capitulating
folding like a cheap lawn chair every
time somebody calls you out on some kind
of controversy or bogus charge of racism
as was the case with that tweet the
other day
speaking of federal politics well you
know things are not going well with the
new government of Ontario in their
dealings with the federal Liberals you
had of course Minister Hussain implying
that Lisa McLeod was uncanny and
she had the temerity to question the
Liberals about the porous border
security that we continue to endure in
this country and I guess that goes back
to the theme from the last subject
doesn't it folks that when you speak a
hard truth its racist or in this case on
Canadian but yesterday we had climate
Barbie in town to meet with rod Phillips
and basically the relationship between
the federal government in Ottawa and the
provincial government in Ontario is
going from bad to worse because she was
basically saying that that's McKenna
that is that the government is sticking
to its plan of having a carbon tax even
though Doug Ford wants nothing to do
with the carbon tax and by the way miss
McKenna if you paid attention to about
four months of campaigning Doug Ford at
every single campaign stop said the
carbon topes
like the carbon tax will not be part of
Ontario so I hope it didn't knock you
off your chair when this resistance was
offered to you by Minister Phillips but
this is what I love McKenna said her
government will stick to its plan which
she said is both protecting the
environment and creating jobs
now let's dissect that sentence because
I've never seen such utter BS uttered in
a jeez about 25 words if one of my mr.
producers can put up a chart about
climate co2 emissions for 2017
this is fascinating as you can see here
are the top 10 countries with decreases
decreases and increases in co2 emissions
and leading the pack in a good way in
terms of decreases was the USA and but
look at so if we go from reduction and
as you can see us is number one Ukraine
number two and let's go into the Dirty
Dozen category that would be the top
countries with increases in co2
emissions and will you look at that
knock me down with a feather there is
Canada so if we're one of the top 10
nations that experienced an increase in
carbon emissions in co2 what is a you
know miss McKenna saying that this is
one of their goals that they're
continuing to do and then creating jobs
yeah I see a whole lot of well-paid
full-time high skilled pipeline jobs
being created in Canada right now don't
you folks I mean with all the stillborn
pipeline projects this is a disgrace but
it kind of seems to me that we have I've
always said this Justin Trudeau is like
a boy doing a man's job in Ottawa and
the rest of his liberals are you know
really kids that are ruling the federal
roost in Ottawa too and meanwhile in
Ontario we have the adults taking over
after 15 years of McGinty win
mismanagement that's why there's a
summer session by the way folks which is
essentially unheard of because there is
so much work to be done there is so much
damage control to be taken care of and
basically Minister Phillips is saying no
this is a manufacturing province and a
carbon tax is going to hurt families
it's going to hurt industry it's gonna
hurt small business and we're not
signing on to this and even if this
means that we have to go the court route
so be it where we're going to do that I
don't think it's going to get there
folks
but Saskatchewan is on board as well in
terms of challenging the federal
government in a court of law
and hopefully the feds will back down on
this because as you know proven in the
proof of the pudding here their agenda
in terms of creating jobs and becoming
environmental champions is a complete
falsehood two more Super chats have come
in I believe and let me go on a Easter
egg hunt for those and so please by the
way in the meantime feel free to weigh
in if you would like to say what you'd
like to say about the carbon tax and
here is one of the super chats from Jane
Austen it's five pounds which I
appreciate very much and Trump Scotland
shrimp and paraglider SS agent died of a
stroke he had permission but SS team not
told he said we've hit Trump where it
hurts well you know what that that's
kind of a shocking story I don't know
that story but I'll look into it
certainly I have a real hard time
getting my head around anyone who takes
the joy of seeing somebody in pain or
seeing somebody dying and certainly we
saw that in Toronto with I was
mentioning premier Doug Ford when his
brother Rob Ford was the mayor of
Toronto
there was such Glee in Rob Ford's
personal problems with addiction issues
his personal problems with his weight I
mean who can ever forget the sraw
star putting that so called gotcha photo
on the front page of Rob Ford leaving a
Kentucky Fried Chicken with some KFC
product you know that was the aha
look at that he's eating fried chicken
oh it's like he came out of a bordello
or something shame on them
and shame on anyone that revels in the
the death of somebody just for
politically disagreeing with them so
okay then and let's see I'm having a
little technical glitch issue as usual
you know this never happens to Ezra and
that's why Asura's The King here and if
one of my mr. producers can come back in
and I'm now gonna use them else from now
on because like I said these fat fingers
are just not doing it for me and I
apologize for the delay folks another
thing I'd like to talk to you about is
the whole raging controversy on
transgenderism especially as it pertains
to the Scarlett Johansson movie well it
won't be a Scarlett Johansson movie
she's actually being bullied out of
appearing in the film called rub-and-tug
but before I get into that I'd like to
run a clip right now from The Hollywood
Reporter it's all about just the Glee
I'm sorry we're looking for that clip
right now it's all about the Glee the
Johansson haters have in the fact that
she's finally stepped down from the
project so if we can run that that'd be
great
breaking news the Scarlett Johansson has
exited
I think it was really brave and I
applaud her for doing that
scarlet deciding to pull out was a good
example of listening to the community
and that was the right thing to do and
it's important that that she made that
decision and I applaud her for that she
did what I want all cisgender people to
do when they mess up you acknowledge
that you did something wrong you say I
understand what's going on and you do
the right thing which she did says a lot
says a lot about Scarlett Johansson I'm
an assumed that what she says in the
statement which was clearly very well
crafted by a team of very smart people
was nonetheless in earnest Scarlett
Johansson you are awesome
she hurt us it's gonna make me cry
because she hurt us that actually makes
me a little a little emotional because
it's not an easy industry for trans
women it's not an easy industry for
trans men Wow
yeah so those okay here's the
controversy folks call the trans and she
was gonna play a trans character a trans
man in the film called rub-and-tug
and she originally defended this
criticism that she has no right playing
a trans person if she's not trans
herself and she pointed to other actors
such as Jared Leto who played a trans
person in the Dallas buyers club and to
critical acclaim as well as some other
actors out there also playing trans
characters to critical acclaim so at
first she stuck to her guns but they
wore her down they pressured her they
called her transphobic they called her a
bigot and finally she said all right I
I'm waving the white flag of surrender
I'm stepping down from the project
because obviously there are people hurt
by this choice and you know what folks
here's the deal I'm gonna agree to this
new terms of engagement that as you saw
those various people those supporters of
this new world order in terms of
transgenderism were advocating that if
the script calls for a trans character
then a trans actor must
play that trends character that's 100%
new rule put it in the contract it's
ironclad but you know what there's an
asterisk to that and it's this if this
script calls for a 100% naturally born
female actress a female character a
female character she has to be played by
a 100% female actress and vice versa if
the script calls for a 100% real male
character than a 100% real male actor
must play that character okay so are you
happy now trans because I don't know
maybe a movie with our trans character
comes along maybe once every four or
five or six years and by the way in the
Department of careful what you wish for
it might look like neither a normal or a
trans actor is going to get this role
that Scarlett Johansson is backing away
from because now without the star power
of Scarlett Johansson it the film is in
jeopardy it might not go ahead so all
those jobs that were tied to the film
and had I believe a thirty million
dollar budget gone if they decide that
they cannot go ahead with this but of
course we're even living in a society
folks were again it comes down to the
speaking of harsh truth and harsh
reality gets you branded as a bigot or a
phob or practicing some ism out there
and I can tell you look no further than
what happened to Winnipeg DJ Dave
wheeler just yesterday he was fired from
the Rogers Winnipeg station now he's a
morning man it's a you know it's a hard
rock station out there and they were
talking about the Scarlett Johansson
controversy how she was forced to step
down and he said here's the comment that
got him in trouble first it was a
suspension and then with hours within
hours it was a firing wheeler compared
transgender people to actors who
pretend to be different things and you
know what I actually think that's clever
and funny and truthful because at the
end of the day I know this is terribly
politically incorrect of me but what is
a transgender woman or a transgender man
than a man or a woman who has surgically
sliced and diced their genitalia and
taken hormone shots and are pretending
to be a gender that they are not I'm
sorry that's what it is and that's what
we use how we used to call it out now
this is part of a phobia and if you have
criticism there's no room for debate on
this issue and it's very perversely
ironic I think folks that you see in the
trans community for years now they're
saying oh come on have some tolerance be
more accepting and yet where is the
tolerance and where is the acceptance on
the behalf of the trans community when
it comes to a diversity of opinions know
if someone says something wrong then you
are it's not just a suspension that they
want now you must be fired and never
hired again and it also I'll tell you it
it shows you that when you look at
mainstream media right now
how much of a boring echo chamber of
political correctness it's become
everyone is scared to death to say
anything in which there will be an
accusation on social media that you are
demonstrating racism or bigotry or
Islamophobia all the other slurs out
there folks you know what I'm talking
about
because the social media mob will gather
together with their pitchforks and
torches and demand that you are fired
even for a simple slip of the tongue and
why has society gone that way why have
we become a society in which a
broadcaster has to be forever penalized
and never hired and economically dis
for offending one or two people it it's
a shame and when it comes to radio I'll
tell you ever since 2005 when satellite
radio went on the air this is why I
subscribed and I still subscribe because
so much of the pablum that you have to
listen to on local terrestrial radio is
just unlistenable junk
it's just political correctness recited
over and over nobody has an opinion
where it's daring or for that matter
even truthful yes
the truth is off-limits right now when
it comes to so much of the mainstream
media now we have three super Jets and I
even have a printout mr. producer number
three was so lovely to come in and print
those off for me I know I'm a bit of a
dinosaur folks I I love hard copy and we
have observer dude with ten pounds thank
you so much observer dude for your
generosity
and here's what observer dude says
imagine if someone walked into a Muslim
area like Luton holding a free Tommy
sign it would be like that scene in part
three when John McClane was in the black
neighborhood wearing of that sign yes
that was the terrorist made him a
display shall we say a very insensitive
word on that sign which you're not
supposed to say in polite company
although you do hear in every second rap
song it begins with the letter n you
know what I'm talking about folks yeah
observer dude I'll tell you this here's
what I imagine what happened you would
receive a beating and buy a beating I
mean a biker gang beating and in the
aftermath when the authorities finally
descend on the scene guess what you that
is the victim who was holding a free
Tommy sign I have little doubt that you
would be charged with incite meant you
know if you hadn't walked into this
neighborhood with that sign which you
knew was going to offend people then you
would have been beaten up and we
wouldn't have had to spend resources
coming out here with the Constabulary
and the ambulance and
you are now going to be charged with
incitement that is how the UK rolls
these days it's very dangerous and as
I've said before Canada seems on a
trajectory with certain motions and
stipulations that we have here in our
great Dominion
where we're moving more towards limiting
free speech and free expression as well
but good point observer dude-g if anyone
would lie I was going to suggest someone
should do this as an experiment but I I
take that back I don't want anyone to be
harmed and I know that would be a
bruising for a cruising no doubt and
Joel GJ sorry Joel GJ sends in five
dollars thank you so much for that Joel
and Joel says I'm an American so excuse
my ignorance who would you compare Doug
and Rob to in the US definitely not Bush
family in my opinion was Rob's health a
huge issue in the media well I guess I
mean it's kind of funny Joel in a
desperate attempt to tarnish doug ford
when he was running from for premier the
then incumbent Premier Kathleen Wynne
compared him to Donald Trump actually
and it was kind of a I took great mirth
and amusement in that comparison Joel
because - Doug Ford's base that would be
a compliment that would be another
reason to vote for Doug Ford so I would
say Doug Ford in terms of his politics
on a on American level it is far more
trumpian than anyone else in the public
limelight and Rob's health well Rob
struggled with his weight and he was
trying to lose weight and Rob struggled
from substance abuse as well and the
thing is we're we're told that people
who suffer from substance abuse they are
victims usually they're victims and they
need help and they need care and they
need compassion and I agree with that
but instead the
Media I think in the most disrespected
Mayor Rob Ford they were camping out on
his lawn they were camping out on his
mother's lon
they were hounding and harassing this
man even though he was at least in the
first term the first two years of his
first term in office he was getting
things done Rob eventually was diagnosed
with cancer and passed away and you know
there are many people that say that the
stress he endured in the continual
hounding of him and it was a hounding
you know the the media were out for
blood when it came to Rob Ford maybe
that was a catalyst and bringing about
stress that got the cancer emotion I
know there's two schools of thought
about stress being a contributor to the
to cancer so I don't know but I'll tell
you this much it sure wasn't healthy for
him and he passed away and I miss him
dearly and so do millions of other
people he was the one that coined what I
thought was one of the best three word
slogans in recent history of politics
which was respect for taxpayers that's
what he was about he was about fiscal
conservatism it was about bringing
Toronto Toronto's house into order and
people loaded them for it and again Joel
GJ another $5 I'm gonna assume that's $5
America in which I'm gonna do some
calculation that's like 2950 Canadian
right now
so Joel writes here yet ScarJo didn't
quit when she got role for the main
character of ghost in the shell' remake
hypocrisy no love for otak you since
dragon ball remake you know what yes
you're right Scarlett Johansson was
criticized for her main character and
ghost in the shell' they called it I
believe whitewashing but she was under
pressure for that to make no mistake
but for the whitewashing of that
character in ghost in the shell' she
endured the criticism she did not step
down but for rub-and-tug
she did step down and as I said Joel
what kind of a victory is this for the
trans community when a if these are the
new rules going forward only trans
people can play trans actors can play
trans characters and only how do we call
ourselves I know the term is cisgender
but I hate that term
can anyone tell me how cisgender came to
be I mean sis to me that sounds too much
like sissy you know so I'll say Oh what
the hell and only normal characters can
be played by normal actors and actresses
if that's a new role going forward
you're gonna find very limited
opportunities in terms of Hollywood
blockbusters being made not a lot of
trans movies out there or movies calling
for trans characters and in regard to
rub-and-tug itself if the project is now
dead on arrival because they've lost the
star Pro the the star power of Scarlett
and it's a 30 million dollar movie well
who won I would suggest nobody won it's
lose-lose and yet another super chat I'm
looking for it now so bear with me I
promised your folks I'm going to the
mouse and that is what I'm doing right
now and we have I don't know what this
means but from this is not the super
chat role dak says a Scarlett can
rub-and-tug me anytime I don't know what
that means
it leads elaborate and Amanda joy says
what's next for Hollywood only real
guerrillas connect and Planet of the
Apes yeah you know I guess we'll have
someone from the primate community
saying that we're really against all
this CGI stuff taking away jobs from
real primates so can we have you know
trained chimpanzees and gorillas do the
next Planet of the Apes movie and and
then of course you'd have problems with
PETA because they would say this is
exploitation
and wow it's all like that Meryl Streep
movie isn't it folks it's complicated
and it's get getting more complicated
every time and we have here from here's
the super chat from rebel truth
$50 thank you very much that's very
generous $50 and rebel truth says you
sir are a blessed oh sorry you sir are a
blessing to earth and humanity you
deliver unprecedented hard facts to the
table I tuned in with rebel media when I
want to know the truth on the political
landscape of Canada may I suggest that
you have more visual presentations thank
you well thank you so much mr. producer
can we get that printed out because I
want to personally hand-deliver that to
Ezra when he returns from the UK and you
know to put a little bug in his ear you
know I got to tell you my friend and
again thank you for the $50 one of the
reasons for the resentment we get here
at the rebel dot media from people in
mainstream media is jealousy I'm sorry
here's another hard truth there's no way
to sugarcoat this we talk about things
and we expose things and we say things
in plain language that the mainstream
media wouldn't touch with a ten-foot
pole if they were standing 11 feet away
and I mean I have talked I have I have
people I know in mainstream media and
when I call them out on things they've
written or things that more likely
they're refusing to cover or refusing to
say I call them out on it and they say
Dave look I got bills to pay I don't
want to be fired and and it's so
sometimes in the mainstream media
there's an ideological bias by the
people that have been attracted to it
and other times people that aren't on
brand shall we say but have a right of
center view they know that they can't
write what they want to write and if
they do they will be economically
disciplined they will be let go
so it's something I've always said my
friend that if there's something worse
than state-sponsored censorship it's
this self-censorship
and that is what we are seeing
increasingly in the media today based on
the people in charge are based on a fear
of getting disciplined and like I said
look at poor Dave wheeler and Winnipeg
out of a job for one little joke about
the transgender community and I would
argue in the case of Dave wheeler you
are a morning man are you not
contractually obliged to be funny and
entertaining and critical and
controversial I mean it sure worked for
Howard Stern on satellite radio who I
believe gets close to half a billion
dollars every five years so certainly if
that tells you something is this there
is a market for that but we have
spineless gutless people who are the
program directors and the editors and
the publishers in this business today
and that's why you don't hear what you'd
like to hear they're just afraid of
their own shadows and when it comes to
their own self-censorship
okay so let's carry on here shall we and
we have from lead queen you're right
Dave I don't know what I'm right about
but I'll assume it's about everything
your highness that I've said today so
thank you very much for that let's go on
ahead Kyle Vincent writes Rob love crack
well you know what let's be honest he
did have an addiction but here's the
thing Kyle the left always tells us when
it's somebody who isn't right-of-center
struggling with a substance abuse issue
that they need compassion love caring
help I agree with that
where was that compassion and that help
and that caring for Rob Ford didn't
exist it was quite the other way around
actually wasn't it and let's go on a
little bit
Kyle Vincent also writes cocaine should
be legalized next you know what folks
that's less of a joke then somewhat of a
prediction because the other day I I
don't think we talked about it
but it was up 4 on our list of topics
worthy of discussion it was about the
Toronto Board of Health having a motion
pass where they were going to ask the
federal government to look into
legalizing or decriminalizing all drugs
so you name it crack cocaine fentanyl
opioids what have you and if you yeah I
think we did talk about this because I
remember we were running some footage
there we are yep Deak remise all drugs
Toronto Health Board urges Ottawa so
basically Toronto which is a sanctuary
city wants to have an open policy when
it comes to all drugs you know folks one
of the reasons a lot of these drugs are
illegal is because when you use them
they do nothing but harm you and when
used as directed kill you but that is
the situation and if you want to see
what that will lead to please Google San
Francisco and look at some of the videos
that have been posted San Francisco has
turned into and believe me I think San
Francisco is or was one of the most
beautiful cities on the planet but
increasingly it's becoming very ugly
there are tent cities sprouting up
everywhere and with it you have trash
you have needles that have been
disregarded and by the way the vast
majority of those needles where did they
come from
yeah you guessed it the city of San
Francisco they want to aid in the bed
and they don't want to stigmatize the
Attic so there I guess helping them kill
themselves and even human feces all over
entire city blocks if that's the route
you want to go down on well so much for
the tourism business I guess and and so
much for living in Toronto the good
let's go ahead synth works rights human
shite in the streets yes that is San
Francisco and it'll probably be Toronto
as well
miss lib Pig says San Fran a drug city
right and on it goes and believe me I
know it's kind of you know I'm
broadcasting at lunchtime so I apologize
for that kind of imagery if you're
eating and watching this so Google those
images of San Francisco later on all
right
so that we are heading towards the
finish line I see we are tonight on the
Azrael event show I shall be guest
hosting and we have Joe Warmington the
Toronto Sun one of the decent honest
fantastic guys in the mainstream media a
guy that speaks the truth always Joe
Warmington will be one of my guests and
I'll be talking about Trump and
negotiating it seems a deal with Mexico
that story broke yesterday it looks like
they're on the road to having a new
NAFTA light deal as opposed to NAFTA
classic I say NAFTA light because this a
North American Free Trade Agreement will
not be including that part of North
America known as what's it called again
oh yes Canada because relations with
Trump and Trudeau are still at a very
low point right now so that's gonna bode
very poorly for our economy it might
even grease the wheels for recession but
meanwhile Trump is forging ahead with
Mexico to get a deal done just
incredible again mr. shear pick up your
game we are all out of time it was
fantastic today you have me again
tomorrow and look forward to it and
remember folks without risk there can be
no glory have a good afternoon
you
