wheeler was having a discussion with his
co-host Reena Jay and Dave Turnbull
about Scarlett Johansson being pressured
by the trans community to drop out of
the film rub-and-tug
because Scarlett is well 100% real
female and the role she was cast to play
was to be a fake man apparently because
this is 2018 only trans actors can
accept trans roles anyway here's
wheelers supposedly contentious remarks
I know what I I'm just I'm so I don't
think I'm the only one I am so confused
I am so confused by the whole
transgender community I mean a little
you there's nothing you can do to make
the may you won't think um thing yeah
nothing it's a movie people act to they
pretend to be different things kind of
like what you're doing really in the
grand scheme of things leapin lizards
did you catch that
earth-shattering statement here it is
again
quote people act and pretend to be
different things kind of like what
you're doing really in the grand scheme
of things end quote and you know what
that statement I think is equal parts
clever and funny and well true I mean
the very essence of an actor is to
portray someone else and really what is
a transgender individual but a man who
thinks he's a woman or a woman who think
she's a man sure people can get some
surgical slicing and dicing of the
genitals and inject some hormones but at
the end of the day we are left with men
pretending to be woman and woman
pretending to be men so really Dave
wheelers comparison is hang on but true
to form some members of the Winnipeg
trans community got their knickers and
or boxer shorts in a knot and it didn't
take long for Rogers media to suspend
and then later fire wheeler stating that
his comments we're contrary to the
company's quote standards and core
values standards and core values
since when did gender bending become a
standard in a
core value for the cable company and if
you're running a radio station I should
think that a standard and core value is
to keep people entertained not bore them
into a coma by becoming an echo chamber
endlessly reciting politically correct
pablum that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
youtube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
