Thank You Tommy for all you've done
tell me a revelation for me and for all
of you a lot of common people here in
Britain and Europe and all over the
world he's a southern Braveheart nuts
arrives wing mulligan the civil right
we've come here to support Tommy
Robinson because globally we are losing
freedom of speech and what's happening
to him if it weren't for him no one
would know what's going on with these
Muslim grooming gangs I'm here for all
the girls that had been raped by the
Pakistani Muslim men and I'm here to
thank Tommy Robbie Stern because he
actually made me aware of this because
the British media do not want us to know
the truth what's going on in this
country
an enemy that turns a blind eye to years
of sexual abuse against innocent young
girls but immediately punished
the man who spreads the truth the body's
enemies that does little to nothing when
it cities such as London fall victim to
murders stabs fries as he attacks but we
act immediately and harshly when one man
twice report on
show me something that Tommy has said
that's racist all he's done this is
giving us the truth about Islam and
Islam is not good
he doesn't fit into society he's more of
a takeover than he did than it is
anything else he's doing a brilliant job
for the people of this country and we
need more like him
and there are more there's millions now
following him all over the world he has
opened up something now that won't be
stopped
what are you dear I am a stump you are
not providing him you are not proving
having a liar you are only telling the
world that you fear what you might say
dear friends there is only one response
to the prosecution intimidation and
silencing organize together with Tommy
Robinson resistance and fight back
because we will never be silenced we
will not vanish we will never never
never be mean defend the freedom of
speech developing great defender of free
