you
hey there guys welcome back to the
classified live I'm back at a couple of
days off before we start we had some
audio problems on the last show I think
we've got them fixed so if somebody
could please do me a favor just shoot me
a message in the chat screen and let me
know if we're having those audio
problems I see we're still having some
buffering problems and I simply don't
know why we've tried everything we've
got a very strong feat on this end and
it's just we having a problem on the
YouTube and so I apologize for that
but let me know if we're having audio
issues about today because I just I deal
with giving you guys another 15 minute
monologue and then finding out that we
don't have audio
hope you can keep on top of that for me
I'd really appreciate
you
and we're just having it's unfortunate
we're having these terrible terrible
issues on the on the stream I'm trying
to rectify them I don't know what we can
do more because again it's really not on
our end and we're really not having the
problem on our end I wish uh you know we
had a way to fix it yeah Brian London is
saying yeah but it's frequently drop it
out it's unfortunate we're we're all
like I tell you guys every day I don't
know if the software we're using I don't
know if it's hiccup on youtubes and I
know that I've got all green lights here
I'm being told I've got a great stream
rate and I've got two ways to monitor it
on the laptop in front of me and for
whatever reason it doesn't see what I
want to talk about today and hopefully
it'll hold now it seems to be a little
bit better uh from Putin summit and San
Francisco letting illegals vote let's
first talk about from Putin summit now
we watch the summit I'm not going to
rehash that what
the hysteria over Donald Trump walking
his comments back
he's just stupid it's frankly stupid you
know what I'm talking about Trump held a
press conference in the White House
where he said would / wouldn't and he
would have uh he didn't see any reason
why Russia would act the election and
then it was I don't see any reason why
Russia wouldn't have hacked the election
he backpedaled on and so he he sort of
did amia Copa something that's very
atypical for Donald Trump right somebody
typically does not do and I think he did
it because he was probably pressured by
general Kelly and vice president Penn
some people said he also might have been
pressured by Secretary of State Pompey
oh I doubt that
because Pompey Oh is in lockstep with
Trump on matters of foreign policy
matters of national security
Pompeyo and Trump are of like mine with
that stuff
that all being said somebody made him
walk those back now the thing that was
very interesting and I see we're still
getting some buffering issue thing that
was very interesting to me was that
Trump when he started to talk about it
the lights went out if you noticed the
lights went out in the common room later
on we found out that general Kelley
mistakenly mistakenly
turn the lights off well wasn't a
mistake whatever now this is what's
interesting the Pablo enfermo said not
Trump's best showing but then who cares
paavo that is exactly my analysis
no one cares he's exactly where I was
going I'm glad you I'm glad you made
that comment sent that shadow remember
you can super chat with us you want your
chap to pop at the top of the browser in
a bright box you can donate a couple of
bucks help us keep the show going but no
one cares and and Deus vult said he
corrected it to provoke him II was
correcting a transcript exactly but
again no one cares it's July right it's
late July I'm here on the East Coast any
of you are are in audiences
international many of you are in Europe
we have people from other parts of the
US
but let's talk about the US because
Donald Trump is the president United
States right now on the east coast of
the United States
there's a guy
out to go to work or going to work or at
work 7:30 in the morning here 7:35
couldn't be a sweltering hot day down
here in South Florida
up and down the East Coast Washington DC
is oppressive this
as our time zones change or as the time
changes in our time zone gets all later
more people are gonna be going to work
well during summer days they're out
there swinging a hammer turning wrenches
getting their patrol cars they're police
officers our military's out there
training firefighters getting on their
rigs developers going to sit down at
their computers after a long commute
they couldn't care less about nuanced
politic it couldn't care less if Trump
said would or wouldn't you know what
they care about they care about tax
reform they've got more money in their
paycheck they care that there's no
longer a war on police take care that
Isis is decimated there's no terror
we're not worried about another 9/11
right now they care that the United
States is strong again that it's ok
who again
sorry I guys had to reboot that stream
but again nobody cares the people who
matter simply don't care they just don't
care they care about their own families
they care about their own money they
care about their own safety
that's what they care about and if we
dropped out cuz I don't remove the
stream they don't care people do not
care about a meeting between Trump and
Putin oh the pearl clutches in the elite
media care the never Trump people who
clutch their pearls and cry the
hysterical elites in DC in New York in
LA in big cities in chicago washington
post a New York Times MSNBC CNN your
Mecosta Joe Scarborough Rachel Maddow
they care the American working person
couldn't care less I'm in this business
I'm in media forget that I support Trump
I don't care I don't give up mm-hmm
couldn't care less if Trump meant to say
water wouldn't look I don't expect the
President of the United States to insult
the Russian leader to his face on
international television I don't expect
that
good morning John Zealand great to see
you
I don't expect it I don't want it I
wouldn't want anyone to do it
no one cares no one cares but they have
to make believe you care
because they're irrelevant if you don't
and that's the problem and again guys I
am so sorry for these stream issues
really sorry but like I was saying the
elites have to make believe you care
they've got to bring stories as if you
care otherwise they don't matter if Bill
Kristol and the Weekly Standard aren't
telling you that America cares well
they're out of business because they
care they care because it's not the
capitulating weak spineless way it was
always done in you oak paneled DC
conference rooms right they can sip
their coffee with their pinky out and
they and the Democrats can wink and say
well you won one today and maybe we'll
win one tomorrow and that's true way the
process goes and when we were in power
we're gonna be conciliatory back to you
but the problem is this the Democrats
never are the Democrats are savages
the Republican establishment all those
elites cave cave cave cave cave and when
the Democrats take power they put
savages like Harry Reid and Chuck
Schumer and Nancy Pelosi into leadership
positions who Emeril Emeril Republicans
and the Republicans sit there like
morons and take it
that's the problem but at the end of the
day that's what Americans are sick of
that's why Congress no matter who the
party in power or what I should say is
the party in power that's what Congress
consistently has like three to seven
percent approval ratings because
Americans don't care wouldn't care less
in fact I would argue there there are a
few things Americans care about
less than.this Trump Putin meeting well
maybe Americans care less about history
in Congress now the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee the Senate has
always been never Trump the Senate
always been never Trump guys like bob
Corker and Jeff Flake so it stands to
reason that the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee is is calling for hearings on
this Mike Pompeo is gonna go testify
next week now it's not unusual for the
Secretary of State to testify before the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee knows
that often what is unusual is that the
committee is calling for the
interpreters we're in the meeting with
Trump and Putin to testify that is
ludicrous that is ludicrous the
Constitution tasks the president with
engaging in foreign policy
as does federal not Congress Congress
doesn't get to to breach to pierce
separation of powers and say we want to
know what was said in that meeting no no
you're not cleared for it you weren't
invited in you weren't invited in
nobody wanted you there it's not your
job it's not under your purview Congress
and it's not your responsibility it's
not
and nobody wants you nobody asked your
opinion nobody
it's simply not the way it works and
again guys I apologize this stream is
horrible I'm getting again getting green
lights on my end getting all red lights
on YouTube then I I don't I don't know
why we're getting this I'm gonna try to
tweak some settings again here but we've
we played with every single thing I can
think of and so I'm gonna play with
another but it really appears that our
problem is on the receiving end not on
our end here and and it big very very
frustrating very frustrating the
buffering I I it's definitely buffering
on their end not on our end here I sent
them two emails and they haven't
responded to me I know the production
team at the rebel is trying to make this
work but it's simply not sustainable and
they sign oh the stream is uh famous
dead I don't know you know we're trying
here I'm trying to we're trying all
different settings it's it's really
frustrating it's more frustrating for me
than it is for you because I've got a
million things I want to bring you and
it's simply not it's simply not
cooperating and it's very very difficult
that we're still having this problem
incredibly difficult that we're still
having this problem it's it's we tried
everything which is YouTube is uh not
cooperating I don't know if it's that
we're conservative media you know I
don't know if it's that we're
conservative media but I I don't know
why we're having these terrible
streaming problems this is proving to be
an absolutely terrible terrible platform
yeah it's um I just don't know what we
can do to try to make this better for
you and I keep trying during the show
it's but it is very difficult very very
difficult and we're gonna try to I'm
gonna try to fix this for you but
you know I wish I wish we had a better
way to do it unfortunately YouTube is is
not a fan of conservative media I don't
like to be for real I don't know if
that's what's causing it but it's been
very difficult very very difficult
it's gonna be it might might be and you
see the imagery is very odd it's it's
sort of freezing up and it's it's
terrible the quality is not what I like
it to do but hey you know let's see what
we can do here to make it a little
better but anyway I you know I don't
want to get distracted with the
streaming issues it's more an issue of
going back to the subject matter at hand
if it continues this way what I would do
is is I'll end the broadcast a little
early until we figure this out I don't
want you to have to endure terrible
terrible screaming and John zealand's
asked me if I could stream through the
app it's not I don't think that's gonna
matter the problem is that when YouTube
is receiving the data like I screened
here John I've got all green lights I've
got all green I don't I don't know but
on youtubes end in my control panel on
youtubes end it's telling me that I have
that they're not receiving the data from
me and so I'm trying to diagnose again
trying to figure out what we can maybe
do to help this make it a little bit
better but it is it is just an absolute
absolute nightmare and it seems to be
worse every show and it's not it's not
fair to the audience so we're gonna have
to diagnose this and figure out we can
do maybe change the software and all
right maybe this is just a compatibility
issue
because what's happening here is I'm
going into this and this is an important
topic because it goes to the heart of
what people care about what people want
to talk about and what people
think and and I really didn't want to
get into with you if you agree with me
or not I mean do you think the American
voter cares leaving the American vote
what Banana Republic says we must demand
the repeal of the Patriot Act doesn't
ever gonna happen so we need the waste
that's a waste of time we need to focus
on what Trump is doing right now from
just broke a record for appointing and
having confirmed very conservative
appeals court judges but we need judges
that check the legislature that keep
these these overzealous agents agencies
in inch you know in check so because
you're never gonna get Congress to
repeal the Patriot Act it'll never
happen you never sell it you won't sell
it to the moderates in America
Donald Trump didn't sign the Patriot Act
and I Republic USA says I don't
understand why Donald Trump signed the
Patriot Act George W Bush signed the
Patriot Act Donald Trump had nothing to
do with me
nothing but
so Demma sighted saw he said getting
used to the channels I subscribed you
lagging and buffering during live
streams yeah look I mean I hate it I
despise it but again I've uh
we have tweaked I've spoken to people
that know far more about this than I do
all the settings on my end here are
exactly where they should be when we
start and YouTube says you've got a
strong stream I have all green lights
over here and then periodically on their
end they're having trouble receiving
so the but the short of this is the
average American the average American
doesn't really care about what happened
in Helsinki the average American doesn't
really care about what goes on in the
halls of Congress what the average
American does care about what they get
really upset about is when common sense
is offended and that's what I want to
move in new the next topic I wanted to
talk about which is San Francisco is now
allowing and this is something Americans
do care about they do care about you
know I work on another media project and
one of the people is very moderate their
great Journal is very very
middle-of-the-road
and this had them infuriated and they
rarely take a position they see good on
the DEM side they see good on the
Republican side
they're pretty fiscally conservative
they're socially libertarian they are
infuriated they didn't care they
couldn't have cared less about bush a
statement in helsinki or about diplomacy
they say hey look what the president do
what he does they don't believe in
Russian and Russian collusion and you
know they stay there their common
sensical they said to me Russian medals
we medal everybody medals that's what
intelligence agencies do I talked to you
about that all the time look going back
to our previous topic for a second back
in February of 2018 even the New York
Times their story in which they wrote
every nation medals they gave about 80
instances of the US meddling in other
nations elections and that's fine we
want outcomes in other nations that are
preferential to the United States we
want people elected in power they're
going to be our allies we don't want
enemies but we can do something to help
that along good that's what we should be
doing that's what our intelligence
agencies exist to do that's what they
exist to do
and so it's ridiculous this hysteria
that and you can see I keep rubbing my
eye guys sorry I've got the allergies
are off the charts my allergies a lot
floating around in the air but um
that's what intelligence agencies do
they they metal this is not new Barack
Obama was told of meddling in 2015 2016
did nothing to York Times with an
hysterical The Washington Post was an
hysterical CNN was an hysterical MSNBC
was in hysterical they didn't say
collusion cuz you didn't do anything
stupid and the average American sees
that they don't care they do care about
San Francisco letting illegals vote for
this friend of mine middle of the road
straight journalist politically Center
was she was really taken aback by this
she said this is ridiculous this is a
slide this is not common sense this
breaks the law that something Americans
understand
that's something Americans get so you
don't know the story what San Francisco
is doing they're letting illegal aliens
vote in school board election
now San Francisco will tell you well
their kids go to school so they should
have representation but that's
ridiculous and it's ridiculous because
it a it's school board tomorrow it's
going to be city or county
then mayor then governor then Congress
then Senate then the President of the
United States this is a slow reader all
it is it's a slow creep to get be a
legal vote as Democrats need boats from
illegal or remain relevant who remain in
power their party has no platform none
their party is no platform Johnse that
I'm gonna touch on Tommy
Robinson for a second John Zeeland says
we got over five million impressions on
Twitter covering Tommy Robinson's court
trial yeah it was good was ever did them
outstanding reporting from the courtroom
on what was going on with Tommy luckily
it seems the chief judge is sympathetic
Tommy's case so let's see how all this
shakes out but
uh every they did a great job reporting
their yesterday was quitting in real
time uh pretty much live tweeting the
entire proceedings and what's happened
at Tommy Robinson Ezra the reason I'm
not covering Tommy and I think Tommy is
a political prisoner is that I as
resuming such an outstanding job
covering Tommy and I focus on issues
here in the US so I think he'd be even
poorly served with me covering Tommy
because Ezra is so on top of it he knows
Tommy well he knows his family well he
speaks to the attorneys he really has I
would argue better information about
Tommy's case than anyone else in the
world and that's who I would make my
go-to person over anybody else that's
who I would make my go-to person on
Tommy Robinson's case I certainly would
he Ezra has an insight and inside
knowledge that you have and so I would
be doing you a disservice other than to
say watch Ezra's reporting
but on a republic Trump simply renewed
it allowed it to renew he it was a
George Bush law the George Bush law the
Patriot Act and in this day and age
you're never gonna repeal it if Trump
would have tried
if Trump would have refused to sign the
Patriot Act On January 18th which by the
way Trump didn't sign the Patriot Act On
January 18 2018 because he wasn't
president on oh I'm sorry other hero
2017 2018 if trump would have the trump
would have not it would have even been
greater calls for him and the house in
the Senate probably would have had
enough votes to override his be patriot
act isn't going anywhere you got to be
pragmatic not going anywhere
Oh
guys if we don't we can't correct some
of these stream issues
gonna be difficult I don't want to do
this to you
uh.if volt says trump is signing laws
because he is president but he did not
change the laws well it's not his job
that changed Congress his job but you
were never gonna get the Patriot Act
repealed there's never gonna be repealed
never never and if he didn't sign it
people would have told him he was soft
on terror and they would have had
believe me House and Senate would have
had enough votes override the beat
more than enough votes to override the
veto
yeah
Banana Republic sorry but you're wrong
without the Patriot Act the NSA and I
think you're saying Homeland Security
they actually DHS Department Homeland
Security would not be allowed to exist
that's actually not true that's not true
they do all other types of work the
Patriot Act has nothing to do with
allowing the existence of the NSA and
purity there's not
at
that's not accurate not an accurate him
Jameson says bababa buffering I know we
are buffering it is very frustrating for
me I know very frustrating and I'm gonna
ask one of my producers if they're here
to please ban the account truth juice or
suspend them from the program today it's
really getting very frustrating they're
there they're sort of harassing the
other listeners with I'm gonna remove
them I'm gonna put them in timeout how's
that there are now in timeout
so I just I don't like trolls we don't
want trolls on the broadcast we have no
we have no use for trolls we're trying
to give you good information so let's
talk about this this is these illegals
voting in San Francisco again I'm really
sorry for these stream issues hey I we
can't get them worked out I'll end it
early I'm not gonna hold you guys here
with terrible stream issues it's just
not it's it's unsustainable and so I
don't know why they're happening but
they're happening
what San Francisco decided to let
illegals vote now I don't care that it's
school board they specifically crafted
the language who allow illegals to vote
that's ridiculous it flies in the face
of law it flies in the face of the
Constitution it pretty much flies in the
face of everything about America but
it's a vote scheme Democrats need the
votes that's all it's about it's all
it's about
they have no message they're recycling
an old message now for the people and
we're laughing down here in Florida
because charlie Crist he used to be a
Republican they turned Democrat he was
our governor trying to get to Marco
Rubio for Senate lost now he's a US
congressman from the Tampa area burly
Crist was sort of lawfirm down here
democratic law firm and their slogan is
for the people but people down here are
like oh my god the Democrats scraped the
bottom of the barrel they're using
charlie Crist's old law firms slogan as
the new slogan of the Democratic Party
they've really got nothing think about
the Democratic party platform let
illegals vote no borders abolish ice
give ms-13 free college tuition raise
taxes allow up ended unfair trade enable
Isis and then when all that fails and
when the Americans reject you scream
Russia collusion that is literally the
Democratic party platform oh oh and run
radical Muslim in in Minnesota run a
Democratic Socialist in New York who's a
moron
Alexandria Acacio Cortez said that
Israel is occupying Palestine and that
the reason unemployment is low is
because Americans have two jobs which
makes no sense that would actually raise
unemployment wouldn't it if Americans
had your jobs wouldn't more people be
unemployed if there was the same person
doing two jobs that would mean somebody
was unemployed for the second job and
well that would raise unemployment that
lower them
not over them
and say
you know it Banana Republic III know
more about Patriot Act I worked under it
I it but again you're talking about
standing armies in the US and all it no
again these are all conspiracy theories
we don't delve into oh we don't get any
conspiracy theories we we exist in the
realm of realism you're hung a ship in
the real world but uh but um these foods
vote says yeah Trump had big problems
repealing Obamacare right because once
government gets big Congress doesn't
want to make it smaller that's a
fundamental problem we need to elect
more conservatives to Congress a really
big problem but it's it is the nature of
the beast right these people love big
government it keeps that power it keeps
me boy but the Democrats like I'm saying
they have no platform anymore got
nothing your entire platform is
predicated upon taking the taking and
growing government not giving you back
more your money taking more you not
giving you opportunity taking
opportunity from you and giving it to
illegal aliens that is the platform of
today's Democratic Party
that is the platform taken by today's or
the position taken the platform promoted
by today's Democratic Party but on a
republic have a great day at work
thanks for watching love the debate
this fool says been an equals trader
Bannon equals leak or somebody asked me
about Steve Bannon he's thin guy says
thought son Steve Bannon you know I know
Steve um I think it's a really smart guy
I think he's a patriot I think he was a
naval officer he served honorably I
think he's a brilliant strategist and I
think he really screwed up by throwing
the administration under the bus because
he lost a little juice you know I think
it was stupid of Steve to do that it was
just loyal
remember something the Bannon came into
the administration so he was a an ally
of the Mercer's originally they were all
Ted Cruz people
Rebecca Mercer from the Mercer family
very wealthy billionaires conservative
family
Rebecca Mercer went to Steve Madden and
with Steve Bannon
she got Kellyanne Conway as well they
were all Mercer people he said the Trump
hey we've got these two people you've
got to meet them prior to that Bannon
and Trump really didn't know each other
all well they didn't have uh they they
had crossed paths and Trump knew
Breitbart was an ally of his and he was
content that he consumed and hey we're
both wealthy guys and Bannon was
immediate power house they'd cross paths
but they were not these these deep close
personal friends like the media makes it
seem in fact one of the reasons
at Breitbart expanded its Studios in New
York from DC was that Bannen was so
banning could be a little closer to then
candidate Trump
and Rebecca Mercer made the introduction
Bannon look I've had plenty of
conversations with Steve he's a very
he's a brilliant guy he's a brilliant
guy and he gets this this reputation as
a toughen ggressive diny is he is but he
can also be an incredibly good guy and
and really looks at an issue
dimensionally multi-dimensionally and
strategizes through it and around it but
he he really made a tactical error
attacking Trump attacking the Trump
family I think Steve felt he gave all
and he was marginalized and shut out
you know the White House is uh it's a
very intricate chess game in that court
you know there's intrigue in the court
always and I I think Steve should have
been oil bent to your friends
venti your family bent to your confidant
don't vent to an adversarial writer and
and I think Steve's made himself a
pariah as unfortunate because his
strategic mind his strategic mind is
great and Deus vult I have to disagree
with you he he did a lot of good work
and he implemented a lot of things and a
lot of strategies that were used
effectively very very effectively so I'm
a fan of Benin's intellect I'm a fan of
his ability I'm not a fan of the way he
handled how he's departure let's put it
that way however however I do think the
guy is a tremendous ally to the
conservative cause and I think he'll be
just fine
wealthy man prior to going to the White
House he's a wealthier man today he's
being paid a lot of money to speak in
consult around the world
he Bannon will be absolutely fine
Oh KPTV says truth juice has been
censored by the free speech loving rebel
media placing I'm out uh no not it love
it he's been censored when a troll comes
onto the broadcast and harasses others
and just wants to troll with comments
designed to interrupt that's not the
essence of free speech if you walk into
a movie theater and you stand in the
middle of the movie theater screaming
over the movie and the security removes
you they're not violating your free
speech you're just an annoying guy
here's an annoying guy and so if
somebody wants to stand in the middle of
my movie and interrupt we're gonna ask
him to leave even if they don't leave
we're gonna take him out and that's your
and KPTV is now sitting here is now
sitting here and getting his messages
and we're gonna do that we're not gonna
interrupt people that are contributing
and enjoying and engaging we're not
gonna let trolls do that I'll believe in
that I've never believed in it him be
says San Francisco has gone nuts and I
feel sorry for the people that live
there it's terrible
they elected this mayor London breed
she's a far left woman she's allowed the
city to command just go to total this
you know it total disarray and the city
is a disaster is it raw sewage on the
streets homeless people crime and it
said San Francisco's an aesthetically
beautiful city with the hills and the
old homes and the mountains and Golden
Gate Bridge in San Francisco Bay one of
the best prettiest cities you'll ever go
to mm-hmm him Jameson said annoying like
Maxine Waters well I don't have
anybody's thing is Mad Max
that is really ambitious come to try to
be as annoying as Maxine I don't know if
that's possible
but San Francisco has been destroyed by
liberals Detroit has been destroyed by
liberal Chicago has been destroyed by
liberal New York City's only saving
grace is Wall Street
it's Wall Street and that it's the
entertainment and well you know but in
terms of Broadway and Manhattan and it's
the center of American industry were it
not New York City be Detroit or
Baltimore so Chicago has the Merck
commodities exchange of New York has
Wall Street those are the saving graces
of those two cities tremendous wealth to
mitigate the epic disaster that
Democrats have caused and then cities
Barbara Greene says Buffalo New York
ruined as in its Addison such a
depressed City now frequently raided one
of the worst cities in America to live
in often at the top of that list
often on top of that list you're born
michigan kim jamison as well that's
really a suburb of Detroit as far as I'm
concern and the auto industry leaving
crippled much of that region in Michigan
but democratic rule had so much to do it
meda Texas eBay just laid off 300 people
in San Francisco
let's see what else we've got
uh-oh Mustapha Trump does not need to be
but he is gonna waltz to a second term
very very easily
Donald Trump very easily very easily
make it to a second term in fact mm-hmm
I have no doubt about that I have no
doubt about that whatsoever
I think Donald Trump is gonna be just
fine
and uh he should be he's doing some
incredible things
this volt says and British need to rise
yes well I wish they would I wish they I
wish the Brits would rise up I wish to
British people but rise up and elect
better represent I really do really
really
I really really truly truly wish that
what happened but what are you going to
do I don't want to do it
what can we really do if they don't want
to do it I'm trying one more setting
free ties here and we'll see if that
helps with the stream because I'm
getting some email suggestions some
people I know in uh and that have been
been able to tweak a streaming issue
we'll see we'll see what happens we'll
try a couple of these settings we'll see
what happens we'll see keep getting me
trying to really cheat YouTube back in
so we'll see let's see what else we've
got got a lot of trolls people ask how
can send friend be fixed barber green
asks elect somebody other than bar
leftist
Marty 777 says what do you think about
the new social of government lady
showing up all over my social media I
think you mean uh Alexandria Acacio
Cortez in New York yeah she's a moron
he's one of the dumbest people ever to
step onto the political stage just watch
her interview her a recent interview on
PBS is firing line it was chill inducing
it was cringe-worthy how bad it was he
was uh oh he was honestly one of the
most misinformed unintelligent human
beings I've ever met
not good no bueno
oh this is business Mustafa Trump is a
puppet of Putin drum should be impeached
you know it's great though these people
on the left
they they're hysterical Trump is winning
he succeeded normal Americans couldn't
care less about their ran thing and
Trump is gonna waltz will win in 2020
won't be impeached he won't be arrested
he did nothing wrong and all of these
conspiracy theory weirdos they're all
going to be very disappointed all gonna
be really disappointed in the
ma Tech says why can't the Republican
win in that district the new york 14
were Acacio Cortez's run but i guess u
electoral map electoral map there you
know we look at we look at electoral
districts I know what they're for for a
mathematical lens I mean look at how
many registered Democrats how many
registered Republicans what the
historical voter turnout has been and
what the historical tallies of it and in
that particular congressional district
near 14 the north central west edge of
Queens and being southern ish eastern
side of the Bronx sort of a district
that makes a little
crescent shape over the water over uh
like in Long Island Sound the end of it
they call that uh Hell's Gate area
they're in the water it's heavily
Democratic the math just doesn't work
for a Republican there
simply doesn't work hey I would I would
argue it's a plus forty to fifty damn
district in reality in terms of the
numbers Republican voter turnout is
pretty much nil New York City Republican
Party is pretty much non-existent so
Republican can't win they're publicans
wouldn't even spend money there it would
be wait it would be a waste be wasted
money you'll never win there as a
Republican and since she won the
Democratic nomination he's gonna win the
election she's gonna go to the US
Congress yeah
a terrible terrible scary thought
parable and scary thought
but uh what can you do
nothing you can it is what it is my
friends certain districts are heavily
Democrat certain district the heavily
Republican the Democrats don't spend
money there but it all comes down at the
end of the day to that electoral map at
electoral math you live and die by the
electoral math and that's really how all
this stuff shake
that's really how it all shakes out
let's see
what else we got here
hey smarty ask how do I feel about the
space force I think Trump is playing the
long game
I'd love to uh love to join I'm gonna
let me but now listen I think I think
it's the logical next step right I mean
we have submarines that protect the
depths of the sea we need to start
thinking militarily about space in a in
a top in a classified sense I've been
doing it for years but I think we're at
a point in history where I agree playing
the long game we realize that
we need that kind of we need that kind
of military oh it's certainly somebody
said yet sir who said that they comment
the Sinister mine said base forth might
be necessary when Jets get to the point
they go in a low Earth orbit beat up to
travel yeah and I tend to agree with
that as technology advances and space
travel becomes more efficient and less
expensive or certainly going to need an
arm in the military to be in front of
that because the bad guys will be
capitalized
Barbara Green seems like a very nice
woman Barbara says about Acacio Cortez
she isn't coming across too bright
Barbara seemed like a sweetheart hell of
a lot nicer than I am I think she sounds
like a moron
I think she's one of the dumbest people
I've ever heard speak I think she's a 28
year old girl who was a bartender who is
in the right job politics is not
Alexandria prom court not our strong
point
let's see
Jeff likes Apple says considering the
economic climate improving
the improved relationship with former
foes and relentless temps to oust Trump
this is what I do it divided within the
u.s. agreed with this do I like Twinkies
and love Twinkies
I love twenties who don't like Twinkie
you know like Twinkies you know what you
need to do you need to shut your damn
commie mouth that's what you need that's
what you need
everywhere the Twinkie Factory almost
run out of business and we almost didn't
have Twinkies anymore it was like a
national crisis they should have
declared a national emergency for that
you don't like Twinkies you're not an
American
get off my shell I don't want to hear
you know I try not to eat them anymore
but they're delicious
I don't have a junk food in try to be
bring me a little healthier now you know
try not to eat all that junk really
isn't good for you delicious this bolt
says I don't know Twinkies
I mean is hate Twinkies smart he says
well this vote well Twinkies are an
American little cake yellow cake with
cream in the middle you've seen a
Twinkie might not know what a Twinkie is
you've seen a Twinkie in Jameson said
well said Miss Volt you're Danish oh you
have much better pastries over there
than Twinkies and by the way thanks for
Robert Jackson good morning my friend
that's vault you're Danish you have much
better pastries and by the way thank you
thank you for watching the way over
there
Brian London American chocolate is made
from sour milk I don't even know if
that's true but okay
yep fly examples loves me thank you very
much Brian London said Twinkies are
inedible
the only reason I'm not gonna tell Brian
I shot his damn commie mouth and said I
like them he's a good guy inedible
pinkies are absolutely delicious you
kidding me are you kidding me
Bridget Cunningham says please send
Trump back to the UK save us we want to
be the 51st state we love you guys to be
the 51st state hey we won a war 240 some
odd years ago and hope could be the 51st
state but didn't work out that way but
we'd love to have you that's both I'm
sure you love pastries your Danish you
live in like a place where they make
some of the best pastries in the world
of course you do you don't have to eat
we be a step down for you but they are
delicious
I'm an American servicemember living in
Korea smarty thank you very very much
for your service uh and I'll always
answer your questions what do I think of
the developments in Korea look I think
you've got to take a hard line with
North Korea I think Kim jong-un loves
the West he's fascinated with the West
with well with opulence is he gonna
cheat on the nuclear agreement of course
he's gonna cheat but at the end of the
day he would rather be rich than dead so
I think that's where this thing begins
and ends also China is gonna put him in
check I can't afford the tariffs that
we're about to impose on them but we are
imposing on them China's gonna put North
Korea in check China's concern is
legitimate right if North Korea becomes
an open society North Koreans flood
China it also allows South Korea to
expand their incredibly successful
manufacturing and research and
development base into the north so China
economically China economically is um
it's in a tough spot if you can look at
it objectively with China being
responsible for China I understand why
China wouldn't want a strong North Korea
or a free North Korea right away it's
not the best thing for China and the
buffering is terrible I know it is and I
apologized for it
the buffering is horrible horrible
horrible I wish I could do something
about it I'm not sure I can I'm trying
but it really bothers me but China
doesn't have any interest right now look
China doesn't want conflicts Marty but
do I think we're gonna be a war with
North Korean no and do I think our
troops on the 38th parallel are a lot
safer than they were a year ago I truly
do and again thank you for your service
in that incredibly volatile zone let's
say
all Americans do is eat fast food random
his tubes as I don't eat fast food I'm
not sure most people I know don't a lot
of people do Brian London says the
croissant is in the shape of the Islamic
crescent to commemorate the defeat of
Islam don't know if that's true or not
Brian but I hope it is Robert Jackson my
Mogga hat arrived in the mail today I'm
going to start wearing it everywhere
good I wear mine got really upset
imagine that Gawker
Jeff likes Apple says we get Twinkies in
the UK now I nearly cried no Jeff I'm
glad Twinkies make you happy that's what
life's about right the end of the day
who cares what people said in Helsinki
and all these geopolitical situations
that don't really change anyway debate
should be whether or not we love
Twinkies
yet New York Republicans to write in
another demonym ember won't matter
Alexandria Acacio Cortez has so much
earned media now they're swooning over
her mooning over her it won't matter
she's gonna win
and Netherlands have gone into the
severe deep end in recent years well I
think Europe on the whole but great
people in Europe like our audience it's
the government
let's see ding-dongs are better than
Twinkies okay now we're talking about a
real troll no look I like being dogs too
but pinkies
Ejim out pinkies Ejim out you want to be
the lieutenant governor of North America
Mary okay you are now the lieutenant
governor of North America I Knight you
let's say Peter struck John Zeeland
Peter struck didn't grow up
I ran yeah his dad was a diplomat he
traveled around but struck is uh you
know he's a globalist Oh you know he
Peter struck his dad you know he worked
yeah I know big big politics did his
story I just pulled it up when you said
that and I had they're friends of mine
those guys but um his dad was a foreign
service officer and he grew up struck
grew up in he went to school and I ran
he went to school in in Saudi Arabia and
back to the States in Minnesota he
traveled around with his family oh but
he went to American school so I don't I
don't think too much of that I've been
struck with it was corrupted inside the
FBI cuz I have friends who were military
brats who grew up in nations that are
not particularly friendly to the US and
they are some of the most patriotic
people you'll ever ever meet
Meditec says you used to get Bing bongs
in your lunch bag and it was only the
special day yeah they're delicious hills
the VA says I'm 30 miles west of BC very
little cell service it docks you know my
brother lives in Long Island about 30
miles out of the city and his area the
cell phone service is terrible
you would think me in 30 miles outside
of New York City on Long Island you'd
have the most blazing cell service on
the planet when I'm at my brother's
house my cell service and my Wi-Fi are
abysmal absolutely abysmal so I feel
your pain yes folks says wish Trump
would send in the Marines where to get
more Twinkies wait wait go back with me
you want the Marines
Russia Russia Assange where is Snowden
Assange well Snowden to me is a traitor
when he ran to Russia and China he's a
traitor I'm torn on Assange the Ghassan
doesn't have loyalty to anyone or
anything and it's look when you do what
these guys did you run the risk of
having governments of having governments
to prosecute you risk you take what I'm
gonna do guys one less comin Meditech
says Lisa Paige may have stuck the knife
and struck and twisted it well I believe
she did
I believe Lisa Paige really screwed him
cuz their testimony conflicted this is
why they were so hysterical this is why
they want this is why they want they
wanted the Democrats instruct whom
wanted trucks closed-door testimony
transcripts released the day before
Paige was testifying but last Thursday
when Strock was testifying a week ago
today
remember they were fighting to have the
transcripts released
the reason was Lisa page was testifying
before a closed-door committee the next
morning they wanted to get their story
straight they didn't and she
contradicted his closed-door testimony
well Alphonso Geiger I don't think that
stroke went to a school in Minnesota
means a lot because of Minnesota's
government but struck was I being
corrupted in the in government service
by being a bureaucrat that's what I'm
gonna do is gonna end a little early
today because I'm seeing the stream
start to get really really bad again I
want to diagnose it I want to fix it so
we don't have these problems tomorrow
morning is always guys thank you so much
for watching I'll be back with you at
7:30 a.m. Eastern tomorrow
you
