I've been very very careful all my life
when we receive those complaints we must
take them seriously I had a good day
that day I don't remember any negative
interactions that day at all be a
standard applies to everyone like I said
I've been working very hard to try and
piece it together sexual harassment is
unacceptable I was fairly confident
there is no context in which someone
doesn't have responsibility for things
they've done in the past I I sexual
harassment people can experience
interactions differently I am
unequivocal in my support for women who
step forward with with allegations of
this nature I hadn't acted in a way that
I felt was in any way inappropriate time
is we take these allegations extremely
seriously as women speak up it is our
responsibility to listen it's more
importantly to believe often a man
experiences an interaction as being
benign or not inappropriate it must give
the benefit of the doubt to those who
come forward and a woman can experience
it differently I believe strongly that
those of us in positions of authority
the duty to act upon allegations of this
nature
I have why not call an independent
investigation if there are questions and
she says that that you apologized her
it's really important to believe and
support any woman who comes forward with
allegations of sexual harassment
