the days when the pursuit of knowledge
was a noble deliberate and balanced
exercise might now be in the rearview
mirror the University of Alberta prof
has called for the upheaval of
scientific standards for the benefit of
the alleged oppressed camp Guevara
whatsoever things are true that is the
University of Alberta motto an honorable
nod from what I was surprised to learn
the Bible guides the university its
students and faculty towards the pursuit
of knowledge and learning what is right
and what is true the motto was
established in 1909 and more than a
century later look where we are a
professor from that very same University
of Alberta has published a piece in the
canadian journal of science math
technology and education saying that to
simply teach students science technology
engineering and math or stem as it's
called is objectively bad apparently
because it cultivates and I'm listening
this directly from the document quote
patriarchy heteronormative white
supremacy Eurocentrism neo colonialism
ableism classism labor inequity
anthropocentrism and or others the
article which is just a reminder in an
academic journal outlines how stem can
be open to quote equal social justice
through a plurality of productive
approaches orientations and stances be
the anti-oppressive critical race-based
decolonizing queer indigenous gender
equitable post-colonial collectivist
critical bathe place-based interspecies
and many more according to mark Higgins
scientific teaching should not focus on
quote settled phenomena because it
relies on what it relies on in
reinforces recursive whiteness and
settler privilege I'm guessing that
doesn't apply to climate science the
scientific method the very one that
developed calculus cured polio
industrialized ammonia production
allowing us to feed an extra 3.5 billion
people apparently sends a quote subtle
and insidious message that alternative
perspectives need to be validated in and
through the norms of dominance in order
to count this type of philosophy is not
anywhere near limited to the University
of Alberta for that matter in fact when
I was earning my Bachelor of Science at
the University of Calgary I save these
slides from my required science 403
course a course taught by a professor
from the Faculty of Arts keep keep in
mind now check this out
biology can naturalize and hence
legitimize sexual differences I'm not
making this up then there's this one it
seems that whenever a Faculty of Arts
professor gets her hands on science
undergraduates they throw an entire
degree worth of critical gender theory
at you in a single course it gets better
though in this required course science
and society I think it was they told us
that anyone claiming there are physical
gender differences are pseudo scientists
we have reached the point where we do
not just need to be worried about fake
news we need to be very worried about
fake science it's on the rise and its
implications could be disastrous this
type of social justice warrior activism
has no place in a post-secondary Academy
the validation that the Western academia
has given these people is anything but
progressive it is regressive for the
rebel media this is key in vexed thanks
for watching this video if you are as
worried as I am about the state of our
university campuses like and share this
video to spread the message
you
