the met police in London have failed to
record over 10 percent of all reported
crimes in the city according to new
figures the Met Police in London are
really struggling it's easy to attack
the police for multiple reasons but well
you know we've got to remember a couple
of things first off usually the
rank-and-file police officers are
usually on our side let's not forget the
regular working people just like us and
they see a lot of the same problems as
us as well it's the people at the top
who are really the problem but it's also
an issue with bad prioritization of
funding and resources as well as
government cuts now austerity has to
happen sometimes we understand that cuts
have to be made but I think a legitimate
concern people have about the cuts is
why is the police being cut why police
resources being cut while we're still
spending billions on foreign aid and
funding the the African spice girls
which yes did happen and as a result of
these cuts London's Met Police has
failed to record according to new
figures over ninety four thousand five
hundred reported crimes over a year now
Her Majesty's Inspectorate of
Constabulary and Fire Rescue Services hm
I see FRS answer mouthfull has published
the crime data integrity inspection 2018
report now to be fair this report says
the overall judgment of the Mets somehow
is good this is what they said the
Metropolitan Police Services made
concerted efforts to improve crime
recording accuracy since our 2014 crime
data integrity inspection report
importantly we found a commitment to
accurate crime recording that is victim
focused and free from performance
pressures of any kind but they also go
on to say nonetheless based on the
findings of our examination of crime
reports for the period first of July
2017 to 31st of December 2017 we
estimate that the force fails to record
over ninety four thousand five hundred
sorted crimes each year this represents
a recording rate of eighty nine point
five percent with a confidence interval
of plus or minus one point six four
percent the ten point five percent of
reported crimes that went unrecorded are
particularly affected by the under
recording of public order crime and
low-level assaults where there is no
injury to the victims further
improvements are therefore required in
these areas and this basically confirms
what we already know low-level crimes in
some instances are being ignored or not
recorded properly as if there's somehow
less important and I don't think they
are burglary isn't taken seriously in
London anymore for instance burglary is
practically never solved anyone who's a
victim of a burglary in London is told
well sorry your things are gone for good
but hm I see fr-s found that most cases
that weren't reported involved violence
the report found that out of the hundred
and eighteen audited rate reports 98
were recorded properly that's concerning
when the Matt police doesn't have the
resources it needs to properly provide
policing services to the people of
London and inspection reports praise the
police despite the fact that they didn't
properly record more than ninety four
thousand five hundred reported crimes I
think it's time to be concerned
London's experiencing three acid attacks
a week no joke eighty-three cases were
recorded by the Met Police every year
and on top of that violent crime is
skyrocketing and neither the government
all Sadiq Khan the mayor of London are
giving the police the proper resources
they need to protect the people of
London if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
