in Donald Trump clarify or did he
backpedal well Donald Trump decided to
oh I don't know reverse position on what
he said while standing next to Vladimir
Putin so Trump is now saying that he
should have used the word wouldn't
instead of the word would this from The
Associated Press Trump said quote the
sentence should have been I don't see
any reason why I wouldn't or why it
wouldn't be Russia in contradiction to
what he said standing next to Vladimir
Putin which was that I don't see any
reason why it would be Russia in regards
to meddling after saying Putin and
practically denied it but does it matter
that's the real question
does it matter and I think not
look critics of Trump would be critics
of Trump no matter what he did Donald
Trump could resuscitate a baby in Times
Square on New Year's Eve and Trump
critics would still find a reason to
well criticize Donald Trump and III
think that Trump hasn't done himself a
service by reversing position he should
have put it out as a statement now what
I did like about the press conference
early yesterday while midday yesterday
was that it would really a press
conference but from the conference table
in the White House Trump clarified his
statement some critics say flip flopped
or backpedaled but I like that he then
went right into a summit on tax reform
or what's the call to summit a meeting
on tax reform because at the end of the
day no one cares
I'm space doesn't care Americans have
more money in their paychecks don't care
if Trump said would or wouldn't
sumit in Helsinki next to Vladimir Putin
Americans simply don't care well the
Pearl clutching never Trump errs and the
never Trump pundits like Bill Kristol
and George will care and far left
politicians like Adam Schiff and Chuck
Schumer care but Americans don't care
Americans could not care less about
high-level foreign policy they don't
think Trump is a traitor they don't
really care about anything other than
their own bottom line their family's
well-being things like whether or not
they live in a good neighborhood whether
or not their kids go to a good school
whether or not they have a reliable car
and if not or interest rates low enough
and do they make enough more money now
or should I say they make more than
enough money now to buy that new car and
their kids go to a better school do they
have money for a tuition that's what
Americans care about Americans don't
care about election interference that
might or might not have happened on the
part of the GRU the Russian intelligence
service global intelligence services
hack one another so that's what the
Pearl clutching never Trump and
establishment pundits need to learn at
the end of the day all of these attacks
on Trump mean nothing because the
average American voter the Trump voter
the blue collar hammer swing in pipe
bending man and woman the bus driver the
cop the firemen they simply don't care
about the same things the elites in DC
New York and Los Angeles care about and
that's why I think this Trump whether or
not he said would or wouldn't in
Helsinki is gonna be forgotten about
next week old CNN will continue on with
it and MSNBC will and The New York Times
will and The Washington Post will and
they'll continue with the Trump is a
Putin puppet and a Kremlin asset
narrative
but come November hum the midterms
Americans gonna look at their own bottom
line the their well-being of their own
families and whether or not their
families are doing better than they were
last Election Day November 2016 and if
the answer is yes which it appears that
it's going to be nothing that happened
in Helsinki will matter much to the
dismay of the never Trump crowd of the
media elites of the Democrats and I
still predict despite a few hiccups in
Helsinki Donald Trump is going to emerge
a big winner in the midterms Trump back
candidates are gonna win their elections
and barring anything barring anything
unforeseen from sales to an easy
reelection in 2020 you know I love
bringing these analyses because they're
they're so important and we here at the
rubble like to cut through all of the
mainstream media nonsense
help me do it by subscribing to our
premium service had www.mediaed.org know
the rubble app more importantly I won't
be back with you tomorrow morning live
will be hearing off-the-cuff but I'll be
back with you live he classified live on
the rebel YouTube channel Monday through
Friday 7:30 a.m. Eastern we're live you
can chat with me engage with me it's a
really great show you're gonna love it
tune in I'll see you tomorrow
