I spoke with Tommy Robinson's lawyer
today
he said Tommy's trial has been confirmed
for the morning of Tuesday October 23rd
at the Old Bailey Central Criminal Court
it had been tentative but now the judge
says that will indeed be the full
hearing the Old Bailey is the most
serious criminal court in the UK it
handles the major murder cases the
Terrorism cases and the judge who will
be presiding is the most senior judge of
the court is honor nicholas hilliard QC
who holds the title recorder of the
court I find it odd that they have put a
criminal judge who normally hears cases
of murder and terrorism in charge of a
minor civil contempt hearing it's
unusual contempt of court isn't even a
crime it's it's really like a speeding
ticket then again a lot of unusual
things are done to Tommy Robinson by the
state it's unusual for him to be tried a
second time for contempt it's unusual
for a journalist to be sentenced to jail
time whatsoever for contempt of court no
other journalist has faced that
punishment since the 1940s
Tommy spent 10 weeks in solitary
confinement that's not just unusual it's
illegal no British prisoner is allowed
to be punished in solitary confinement
for more than 14 days in a row it does
psychological damage to someone there
were so many irregularities the last
time the UK court of appeal itself threw
out Tommy's conviction and sentence but
then they did something unusual
themselves they ordered another trial
didn't they I'm worried I'm worried that
Tommy might be sent back to prison by a
criminal judge who's used to sending
away murderers I'm worried that this is
another stitch-up
I'm worried about something else I
learned today I'm told the judge in the
case His Honour Judge Hilliard has
indicated that he insists on proceeding
with the case personally instead of
referring it to the Attorney General as
is the norm the judge himself will
cross-examine Tommy as opposed to a
lawyer for the attorney-general doing so
why I'm not prejudging this judge I hope
he does the right thing but this entire
matter has been irregular and improper
since the beginning that's not my
opinion that's the scorching ruling of
the Court of Appeal nothing here makes
sense this hearing was supposed to
happen back on
September 4th but the government claimed
they weren't ready that obviously isn't
true they have hundreds of lawyers at
their disposal an unlimited budget the
events in question happened back in May
like I say it looks like a stitch-up
we know that there has been political
interference in Tommy's case he was
moved to a more dangerous prison at the
direction of senior government officials
that's what the prison governor himself
told Tommy we know that this recent
matter where British soldiers have been
disciplined for just taking a picture
with Tommy we know that is being
directed by the government itself that's
not my speculation here's a recording of
a British Army officer reaming out his
troops and saying that the decision to
purge any Tommy Robinson supporters from
the Army goes right up to the Ministry
of Defence itself
so what's gonna happen I still have to
believe in the righteousness of the UK I
still have to believe in justice and the
rule of law I still have to believe that
his honor nicholas hilliard will do the
right thing and that as Martin Luther
King jr. said the arc of the moral
universe is long but it bends toward
justice because if you can't believe in
justice anymore there's not much left so
what can we do well most of it is in the
hands of lawyers we've crowdfunded
reputable barristers and solicitors for
Tommy I've met them I've seen them in
action they'll do a good job that's out
of my hands and it's out of your hands
now isn't it but I know I have a role to
tell the truth about Tommy to tell the
truth above the trial the reports I've
filed in my past visits to Tommy's
trials have been viewed millions of
times on Twitter and YouTube it's
important that the word gets out and I
can tell you from personal observation
that you can't trust a word the UK media
says about Tommy they hate him it's like
they have a vendetta against him they
proved it again just recently when Sky
News unethically edited a clip of Tommy
to cut and paste different clips from an
interview together to falsely make it
look like Tommy said something he didn't
say they're liars in the mainstream
media that part of the stitch-up
so that's my new idea and I hope you'll
help me instead of me just coming by
myself to the court I want to bring four
or five other journalists with me real
reporters from around the world I've
mentioned some of them before
Cassandra Fairbanks from Washington DC
Candice Malcolm from Toronto and
California
Andrew Lawton from London Ontario and
just yesterday I'm pleased to say we
firmed up a V Yamini
who will be flying in all the way from
Australia to cover the case I expect to
bring up to five journalists with me
plus me myself and we'll have a total of
three cameramen two so that
actually nine people were bringing nine
people to tell the truth that's all I
can think of doing if you have other
ideas let me know the legal arguments
are in the hands of the lawyers and the
verdict is in the hands of the judge all
you and I can do is tell the truth about
things and bring other real reporters
from around the world to report to Tommy
told me he likes the idea I think he
believes it will help not just rebut the
UK media's lies but it will also spread
Tommy's story around the world to North
America and Australia I think he's right
if you can help me pay the bills of
these real reporters please do they're
all flying economy class the cheapest
tickets we can find they're all staying
in three-star hotels nothing fancier
we're not paying them a fee just their
travel costs plus 100 pounds for
incidentals our total budget to bring in
the whole lot of them plus the three
cameramen will probably end up costing
us about seventeen thousand dollars
Canadian which is about eleven thousand
British pounds I know that sounds like a
lot but in my view it's the best thing
we can do I'll be there on October 23rd
as always I'll be tweeting up a storm
doing as many videos as I can putting
them up on YouTube as fast as I can if
you can help me cover the costs of my
international colleagues to please do go
to real reporter start UK I think it's
the most tangible way to help Tommy by
expanding the group of real reporters
actually telling the truth about his
ordeal that's real reporters dot UK
thank you and see you in London on the
23rd I've been covering Tommy Robinson's
court cases for months this time I'm
bringing other reporters from around the
world with me please help me cover their
economy class airfare by going to real
reporters dot UK
you
