esra levan here for the rebel media I am
outside the Royal Courts of Justice and
the Strand in Westminster which is
really just a neighborhood of London
three of the most senior judges in the
entire United Kingdom including the Lord
Chief Justice himself for presiding over
the appeal Tommy Robinson has four
lawyers on the other sides a lawyer for
the Attorney General of the United
Kingdom we haven't heard from him yet
we'll hear that after this short break
the two big headlines coming out of the
case today so far are number one
Tommy is not just appealing his sentence
but rather the conviction itself and
he's actually appealing his Canterbury
conviction from a year ago the second is
the shocking treatment of Tommy by the
authorities especially in prison
refusing to allow him to meaningful
meaningly meaningfully confer with his
own lawyers the details were just
amazing I'm pleased to say that the
judges are allowing us to live tweet
from the courtroom subject only to a
publication ban covering a rape gang
trial in Leeds so if you want a lot of
detail minute by minute I encourage you
to follow me on Twitter or we'll post
this and other videos as we make them at
Tommy Trial calm for the rebel dawn
medium as relevance I'm here in London
at Tommy's Court of Appeal hearing for
all of my updates go to Tommy Trial calm
you
