esra levan here with rebel dot media we
are moments away from going inside the
courthouse for Tommy Robinson's appeal
but I see more and more
Tommy fans showing up that's just a
hunch I have you're wearing a make
Britain great again hat I see you got
the Union Jack and the cross of st.
George called justice for our boys it
was about the three boys that were
murdered in Hays Tommy did a video about
it we covered it and then when the
demonstration and they arrested him
obviously for the the court finger at
Leeds but no Tommy was right behind that
cause that their families are coming
down as well but yeah we're all here for
Tommy today so you're associated with
these three yeah we're fighting for
justice as Tom like I said Tommy did a
video for it and spent I think about six
to seven days where the families and he
was really helping them and then
obviously the establishment decided to
lock him up but know we're all here
today to support Tommy and hopefully
you'll get out so where did you come
down from May I came from Leicester how
far away is that about sort of half
hours I like the Hat Donald Trump has
visited lots of pro and con what
reaction you get on the street when you
show your Trump Rider your Tommy pride
there was eight of us on Friday outside
Whitehall you might have seen it was on
RT and they completely surrounded us
who's they
auntie first stand up to racism chucking
bottles is one of them assault with me
what a police do they've arrested him
for a common so they actually did well
that's a step forward yeah over than
that no they they gathered around as we
got held there for six and a half hours
right well that's that's it an organised
event but just when you're walking the
streets but in Leicester where you're
from is that a bit of a different
reaction than down here in London the
stand I'd say that both about the same
Lester's Lester's pretty much the same
as London so no matter where you go
there's always people that don't like
Trump and don't like Tommy but they just
need to read a bit and you know what
I've been taking as many black taxis as
I can because there's a certain
old-school Brit who drives those and I
always raise the subject to Tommy and
they're shy at first because they're
thinking oh is this a setup
but once I tell them why I'm here and
who I'm here with they open up I think
that there's a real undercurrent of
support for Tommy that the fancy people
are against and severely normal people
are shy to say but if people feel it's
safe to speak up there's an enormous
amount of support for Tommy and I know I
don't want to extrapolate too widely
just from my taxi experience but I'd say
you get someone talking about Tommy and
they're not worried of being stomped on
by the BBC or any of the lovey's they
really open up that's my observation
from being in town for a day and a half
I mean the working-class support Tommy
Tommy is a voice of the working-class he
represents us all and how come labour is
so hostile Tommy aren't they for the
working class no I've sold they sold us
out years ago sold you out to whom
third-world migrants p-12 yeah they're
there not a good part they don't
represent the British people how about
the cops though I mean where I come from
rank-and-file cops are pretty stand-up
guys it's the brass that's politicized
what's it like in the United Kingdom
I think they've rank-and-file police
officers agree with us but they don't
they don't stand with us because they're
scared of losing their jobs are scared
of losing the pensions where is the I
think the orders come from high above
and it's the actual the leaders at the
top of the police forces that are
implementing these draconian laws it's
scary times we need to get our country
back we need people like Tommy out on
the streets fighting for us and we need
people to be aware that Britain's no
longer a free country there's no free
speech you can say something online and
you'll have the police knocking at your
door for hate speech have you ever been
contacted by police yourself not
recently no recently we are now could
stay we when we opposed Hezbollah and
Hamas we had a bit of contact with them
from them but since then we've not heard
anything
all right well listen thanks for talking
with me what's your name James Scott oh
nice to meet you James good to be here
all right there you have a James Goddard
one of the grassroots Tommie supporters
that are agglomerated outside the Royal
Courts of Justice it's almost time to go
in I want to make sure I get my seat
there's obviously a lot of people here
you can get our updates throughout the
day at Tommy Trial dot-com were subject
to a publication ban at least in part
for today's events but I will tell you
as much as I can throughout the day for
the rebel dawn media I'm as relevance
I'm here in London at Tommy's Court of
Appeal hearing for all of my updates go
to Tommy Trial calm
you
