now in my opinion
Tommy's sentence was not a free speech
issue what it does is gives raises
serious questions about the fair
application of the law
the questions are was he really in
contempt of court
did he really reached the terms of his
suspended sentence and he's 13 months a
fair and proportionate of a sentence for
his offense if indeed he was guilty now
those things are debatable but in my
view Tommy Robinson has been imprisoned
much more the who he is and what he says
rather than what he is supposed to have
done
thank you now I know Tommy is uncalled
'less and I'm sure that he would be the
first person to admit it but he has now
become a symbol of the opposition to so
much that we know is rotten in our
society some people will tell you that
Tommy Robinson is a criminal and he has
indeed on occasion broken the law but a
real criminal is someone who defends
upon the wheel who preys upon the weak
and the defenseless Tommy Robinson is
somebody who has chosen to defend the
weak and the helpless
some people who have broken the law have
gone on to become her heroes and
heroines the suffragettes broke the law
they are now national heroines Mahatma
Gandhi broke the law he was arrested and
convicted 13 times between 1908 and 1942
he is now regarded as a national hero of
Indian independence Nelson Mandela
served
28 years in prison for terrorist
offences he was actually conspiring to
murder people yet he is now regarded as
an international hero these people were
convicted criminals but history has
judged that they were on the right side
of a great cause now Robin Hood broke
the law he hunted the Kings fear in the
Kings forest and he was technically a
criminal but Robin Hood defended his own
people while the Sheriff of Nottingham
oppressed them whose side would you
rather be on Robin Hood or the Sheriff
of Nottingham
whose side you want to be on now Tommy
Robinson or the political establishment
history will judge Tommy Robinson as
being on the right side of the great
pause in a struggle between good and
evil he talks about and combats the
greatest social scandal in our history
the industrialized and commercial sexual
slavery of underage and vulnerable
children by organized pedophile rate
games this is the issue that the
authorities did not want to confront for
decades and only now are reluctantly
doing so almost every week we hear of a
new pedophile rape gang trial it's given
minimal coverage in the media and then
forgotten about until the next time
the great British media do not want to
talk about the group identity of the
majority of the rapists or the ideology
that inspires them the rape gang members
are predominantly followers of the cult
of Muhammad
they justify their crimes to themselves
because of the ideology that they follow
none cow followers are lesser human
beings women are the possessions of many
the founder of their cult was himself a
pedophile and can sex slaves and yet he
is held up to be the perfect model of a
man for all times but we the infidels
and the capias are not supposed to talk
about it and people who do face the
possibility of prosecution and there are
so-called faith laws so it's hardly
surprising then is it that we now have a
big problem with some of the more
literally minded followers of the
Mohammedan colors
Tommy Robinson's real crime is to be
prepared to confront those issues when
those in authority do not want
very British media doesn't want to talk
about it our political class don't want
to talk about it but Tommy was prepared
to stand up against evil and is now
paying the price he will go down in
faith they will go down in infamy our
government has become the enemy of its
own people nowhere is that more obvious
than in mrs. my and brexit two years ago
the British people voted to leave the
European Union
mrs. Mae's proposal of last weekend
shows that she intends to betray that
decision that betrayal is absolutely
blatant and she doesn't care that you
know it's absolutely license
mrs. Meier is doing exactly what she was
always intending to do she intends to
make a deal with the European Union
whereby we leave in name but not in
reality the Leeside won the referendum
against all the odds ordinary decent
British people voted to regain their
freedom their desire for freedom will
not be crushed but the real fight is
only just beginning our both our houses
of parliament are full of traitors
collaborators and quislings
the House of Lords contains convicted
criminals much worse than anything Tommy
Robinson's ever done
and they make laws al Burris they must
be swept away
we're governed by MPs who would rather
see us ruled by Brussels than our own
democratically elected country men and
women now it's great to see so many of
you come out on a hot afternoon it
rallies like these but you know that our
politicians do not care how many people
how many hundreds of thousands or even
how many millions turnout at rallies the
only thing that our treacherous
political class cares about is losing
votes and losing their seats so we have
to make that happen for them
if you want to make a difference then
you have to organize politically and
that means joining and working with and
for a political party now since becoming
you kids leader last February its
members and I have saved the party from
destruction and we are building it up
for the future we are raising money we
are recruiting new members and we are
going up in the opinion polls you can
secure the referendum and won the
referendum but we have now to fight
great battles for the future I want
YouTube to be a populist party I want
its policies to be popular with a
majority of the electorate I want you to
be the party of freedom freedom from the
European Union freedom to live under our
laws and not the laws made in Brussels
freedom to live on the laws made by a
parliament of patriotic and bees not a
parliament of traitors
and I want to see freedom of speech not
for that freedom to be abused but the
freedom to discuss ideologies and ideas
without the fear of being arrested for
voicing an opinion or stating a fact I
want us to have the freedom to speak the
plain truth to each other and I want us
to have the freedom to once more be able
to be openly proud of our own country's
great history and our heritage
and not for our children and our young
people to be told that is something they
should be ashamed of and I want our
descendants to be free not to have to
live under Islamic ideology
Islam as Winston Churchill rightfully
pointed out in 1898 is the most
regressive force on earth if you want
those things that I asked you to rally
the UKIP's banner be among the steadily
growing number of people who are joining
youqi youqi is the only real opposition
to the political establishment of
Teresa's traitors and Corben's commies
now today the 14th of July is the two
hundred and twenty ninth anniversary of
the storming of the Bastille and the
start of the French Revolution we need a
democratic revolution in Britain a
peaceful revolution through the ballot
box only you the people can make that
happen
and don't delay join you kid make us
stronger
and help us carry the fight for freedom
forwards or you might lose your freedom
forever
the alternatives of freedom is serfdom
and slavery the British have never
chosen those things give Tommy Robinson
something to celebrate when he comes out
of prison
thank you
you
