tory's sort of pitiful but Doug Ford the
new Premier of Ontario has expressed his
views to including calling illegal
immigrants illegal boyo liberals hate
that
and then Ahmed Hassan just snapped he
called Lisa McLeod a fifth generation
Canadian an MPP of Doug Fords who was
just doing her job by standing up for
the 92% of Canadians he called her I
mean Canadian here listen asylum seekers
are processed in a separate queue of the
IRB and all the other immigrant regular
immigration programs are processed by
IRC CE and conflating the two knowingly
is irresponsible it's divisive it's
fear-mongering and it is not Canadian
really that's not true sure technically
migrants are in a separate line but but
you saw for yourselves that the real
line is they just walk across the border
and and they're in so of course their
queue jumpers of course they're making a
mockery of anyone who would be stupid
enough to follow the rules but really
did call these Simek loud uncontained
well here's her reply what I saw here
today was an attempt to talk him calling
me uncanny in' which i take great
offense to and i do hope he will
apologize and reconsider his language i
also won't be bullied into accepting
what the federal government is doing
because we do have severe and
significant challenges inside this is
the province of ontario so so with that
i was very clear that we would not sign
the communique that there is a problem
at the border it must the border must be
enforced and that ontario should be made
whole for all of the costs that we have
incurred and in addition to that i would
just like to point out that the federal
government has only promised us 11
million dollars and that has yet to flow
so again that is insignificant
inadequate and i'm calling on the
provincial the federal government to
reconsider I think maybe the Minister
should sit down have a nice cup of tea
calm down a little bit and maybe phone
me and apologize for calling me on
Canadian thank you it pretty tough to
disagree with any of that
hit the roof though not just I'm at
Husson we saved his life we brought him
into Canada and he returns the favor by
calling Canadians who object to illegal
immigrants calling them uncontained just
for wanting to uphold the law well
Gerald BOTS Justin Trudeau's chaperone
since college his principal secretary
now the de facto prime minister he hit
the roof first this Doug Ford guy said
he was opposed to the carbon tax and now
he's opposed to illegal immigrants from
the US that was just too much for the
Liberals so butts freaked out here's
what he wrote on Twitter enough is
enough it's time to stand up to this
divisive fear-mongering about asylum
seekers let's not allow the alt-right to
do here what they're doing elsewhere
bear what's that say what you alt right
it's Lisa McLeod all right I think that
that means sort of KKK or racist from
Gerald Butz that's that's us talk that's
Hillary Clinton Democratic Party George
Soros talk that's that line item in the
contract with Soros attack anyone who
disagrees with open borders but isn't it
funny the Liberals who say they're
feminists they SiC a big angry Minister
on Lisa McLeod calling her on Canadian
just like Bill Morneau called Lisa Raitt
remember that he called her a
Neanderthal for opposing the liberal
budget with Trudeau the groper it's
almost like that whole feminism thing is
a lie just a way to attack their enemies
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
