socialism is bad and it makes you stupid
or maybe stupidity makes you a socialist
chicken-egg who knows I'll explain today
on the Hollywood conservative forth the
rebel
okay truth be told there are many many
things that I am NOT an expert on in
fact most things I've probably not an
expert on but doing what I do and being
Who I am I make it my business to
educate and inform myself so that I am
able to form opinions on topics of
pertinence and if I was running for
Congress I would probably make it my
business to know at least a decent
amount about both domestic issues and
foreign issues that are at the forefront
of conversations and policy right now at
least enough to answer some pretty easy
and basic questions one of those issues
would be the Israeli Palestine conflict
now to her credit and I'm talking about
New York socialists running for Congress
Alexandria Acacio Cortes I tend to feel
like if you think socialism is a good
thing like she does you're probably
inherently stupid about a whole host of
things and let's be real if you believe
in redistribution of wealth by way of
absolute government control you are
clearly not facing up to reality in ways
that allow you to I don't know view
world problems properly and accurately
but Acacio Cortes is clearly lacking
information in many areas not limited to
economics and expanding all the way to
foreign conflicts and world affairs like
the Israeli Palestine conflict in an
interview yesterday she gave one of
those Miss Teen South Carolina answers
you know the one I'm talking about I
think it was back in 2007 Miss Teen
South Carolina she was asked something
about Americans not being able to find
the US on a map and she's like I
personally think they're unable to
because they don't have maps and our
education like such as in South Africa
and the Iraq everywhere such as yeah
that chick so this interview with Ocasio
cortez reminded me of that it was super
awkward in an interview for firing line
on PBS after Acacio cortez is asked
about her position on the
israeli-palestinian conflict she mutters
something like this I also think that
what people are starting to see in the
occupation of Palestine is just
increasing crisis of humanitarian
conditions and that to me is just where
I tend to come from on this issue she's
then asked to explain what she means by
saying Israel occupies Palestine and
that's when it hits the fan or the fan
dies because the gears in the fan and of
kasnia's brain just stop moving and she
basically concedes that she's not an
expert on the issue darling it doesn't
take an expert to state an opinion on
this issue that doesn't include a
glaring falsehood you can have an
opinion you can have an opinion that
opposes mine I don't care but this is
just flat-out idiotic and wrong for one
thing for the Israelis to occupy
Palestine there has to be an Arab
Palestine not Turkish or Ottoman or
Jewish Arab Palestine and there's no
such thing flat out no one disputes that
except for maybe some conspiracy
theorists after World War two there
might be a yearning in her heart for an
Arab Palestine but to this day there has
never been an independent Arab nation
state called Palestine also in 2005
Israel conceded Gaza Gaza elected Hamas
and thousands of Jews were booted from
Gaza so that's quite different and
literally the opposite of what she is
saying so long story short socialism
kills y'all it might not actually kill
you but it kills brain cells and in turn
makes you say stupid things like this
poor woman did thanks for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
