we did get into you don't use he's
always very proud to announce that he is
a gay man and he said that having the
people you know the the the modern sex
ed curriculum was very good for him
because it helped him to realize that he
was gay and to come out in you know with
assurance and that's great I had I by
the way have no problem with kids
learning all that stuff when they're old
enough for me it's there's two issues
one is age-appropriate education and two
is the new gender identity programs
which are focus they're based on junk
science it's junk science that can harm
children because it can frighten them
they're too young to understand that
abstract concepts like gender and sex oh
maybe you look like a girl but maybe
you're not really a girl
maybe you're more like a boy that's
extremely frightening to a five year old
kid who doesn't even know what the heck
gender is so I said to Adam and he
should listen to me on this he didn't
but if he thought about it I said to him
you know Adam you're not the trans
activists are not your allies because
what they're doing with little kids that
are non-conforming instead of instead of
understanding that a lot of gay boys
present a slightly effeminate when
they're when they're young but they're
just gonna grow up to be gay
that's all instead they're being kind of
marketed this program of maybe you know
so so they're kind of picking off kids
that will turn out to be gay
and kind of enticing them with the idea
that they're actually meant to be or
they're in the wrong body they're meant
to be the opposite the opposite sex so
so and some of these kids that sounds
reasonable to them
because they like playing with girls or
they like so he's actually if he really
cared about gay men other gay men and
gay boys he would want them to be very
hands-off non-conforming kids and let
them be what they're going to be and
most of those most of those kids that
are
nonconforming are simply going to grow
up to be gay and lesbians and 90% of
kids that present as thinking they might
be the opposite sex after puberty they
they become comfortable in their own
gender their own biology and that's
something by the way that is not taught
to these kids that is not taught that it
can be a passing phase or anything like
that this is Israel this is the gender
programs that they have now with these
gender bread charts
these are marketing tools they're not
educational tools they are marketing a
way of life that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the yeas relevant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
