the University of Wyoming has a new
marketing slogan the world needs more
Cowboys but not so fast bucko
because in the world of the perpetually
offended apparently cowboy is a racist
and sexist term Oh where's John Wayne
when you really really need him pilgrim
well yet another bizarre story from the
world of academia that makes me ever so
grateful that I haven't been part of the
academic world for decades now you see
the University of Wyoming recently
rolled out a new slogan the world needs
more Cowboys well cue the outrage by the
usual suspects hey we all know that the
social justice warriors go ballistic
when it comes to using the term Indians
especially when that word is applied to
the names and logos of sports teams but
Cowboys that's offside 200 I wonder if
the NFL's Dallas based franchise got
that memo alas cowboy is supposedly to
male cowboy is to white cowboy is not
diverse enough and therefore cowboy is
not inclusive enough not sure what
Justin Trudeau's opinion is on Cowboys
but I'd bet you he'd rebrand that
descriptor as cow people maybe that's
the solution because apparently there's
no such thing as a person of color
cowboy or a female cowboy even though I
have seen such folk competing in rodeos
but I guess the politically correct
crowd well they wouldn't be caught dead
at an event like a rodeo that celebrates
western heritage indeed here's what
associate professor Ellen Carano told
The Chronicle of Higher Education quote
honestly I thought the new slogan was a
joke at first and then I looked it up on
the University web page and saw that no
this was in fact serious end quote
gee I guess professor Carano never
bothered to notice that her University
mascot is a cowboy riding a bucking
bronco or is there going to be a
campaign on campus to rebrand that logo
to meanwhile Christine Boggs co-chair of
the Committee on women and people of
color at the University noted quote if
we're striving to be a diverse
University exposing our students to a
broader scope of ideas we have to invite
them in a more positive inclusive way
end quote
well two things here why is the term
diversity increasingly becoming code
speak for no white males I mean isn't
being white and a male part of the
diversity sweepstakes - and hey didn't
these learn it albeit outraged folks
learn anything from Brokeback Mountain
and the Department of not judging a book
by it's cover as the pressure mounts by
the usual suspects for the University of
Wyoming to change its marketing slogan
let's all collectively hope that the
decision makers circle the wagons and
stick to their guns taking a principled
stance like that would indeed be the
cowboy way of doing things for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
