you know a lot of these boards and
agencies they really burrow into the
government they write these sweetheart
contracts termination clauses extremely
luxurious that if you want to sack a guy
you got to make him a gazillionaire
how did Doug Ford manage to say goodbye
to the whole board and the CEO with just
a fraction of a fraction of the
severance everyone thought he'd have to
pay well that's actually an open
question at the moment how exactly did
that happen and I'm gonna theorize on
that in a moment but just in case
somebody is not familiar with how this
all transpired over the last several
years energy prices as you alluded to
esra have been controversial in Ontario
for quite some time in a real election
in Chu and then there were several
things that made hi girll one itself
specifically controversial one was that
in order to try and balance a budget the
Kathleen Wynne government sold off part
of hydro one to private entities so
there was that and then there was the
six million dollar compensation for
males faithless CEO and Doug Ford as
part of his campaign started referring
to him as the six million dollar man and
said he's gone day one and all kinds of
newspaper editorial writers lectured
Doug Ford that maybe he didn't
understand how this worked he didn't
have the legal authority to do it if he
did do it he'd have to give mail Schmidt
a ten point something million dollar
goodbye package and in fact the very
morning that this happened the Toronto
Star had written about oh we thought on
day one he was going to get rid of the
six million dollar man well at 4:45 day
one the six million dollar man left with
four hundred thousand dollars of the
board has said that they will all leave
as well why would somebody leave ten
million dollars on the table I have no
idea but the rich aren't like the rest
of us and maybe he just decided des rrah
you know if that's what you think of me
I'm out of here I don't have to deal
with this I have millions in the bank
anyway yeah and of course when you're
making that kind of dough you've got a
lot of money for lawyers but no one has
more money for lawyers than the premier
of the province he's got the whole
Justice Department so he could have been
very lengthy litigation
and it could have been brutal you're
right what we may never know what but if
if his contract called for a ten point
seven million dollar severance and he
walked away with four hundred thousand
means listen four thousand that's still
a mighty fine severance but yes it's a
triviality compared to what he had on
paper I have to say Jerry between this
and the repeal of the controversial
child sex ed curriculum and the
scrapping in the cap and trade and
coming out against the carbon tax I
can't recall a premiere of any province
let alone Ontario doing so much so
quickly and it's the height of summer by
the way when normally politicians and
bureaucrats are sort of in idle mode or
barbecue circuit mode Jerry this is very
impressive to me I was a fan that begin
with but I was worried I'm I'm a super
fan now what do you think well I think
it's incredible they've moved this
quickly and they're also doing things
that of course their detractors said
they couldn't do when you said you
couldn't recall somebody who's done that
what came to mind for me was the late
brother of the now premier and that's
the former Mayor Rob Ford like when
everybody said he couldn't contract out
garbage that it was a city hall job and
he fairly quickly got that done and he
did a whole list of other things getting
contracts with the unions without
breaking the bank without allowing them
to strike during the Pan Am Games a
whole bunch of stuff that people thought
couldn't be done
so maybe Ezra that the Toronto Star
editorial board should start to catch on
the forts aren't stupid as the board
thinks they are that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
