to huge victories for Alberta
conservatives last night I'm going to
unpack the election results laughs a
little bit the mainstream media probably
gloat and soak up some of that sweet
sweet NDP misery
the NDP are very very disappointed today
and I'm drinking up their sadness a bit
I'm not gonna lie
here's why the NDP have suffered to
catastrophic by-election losses making
it the third straight by-election that
the United Conservatives have won now
both of these writings were conservative
Wildrose held ridings but for all the
NDP's bringing that they're doing to the
province
something that albertans want them to do
well clearly the by-election results
don't demonstrate that and as we know 9
months or so out from a general election
these by-elections are clearly a
harbinger of things to come the
by-elections demonstrate the NDP support
or a rather lack thereof Conservative
candidate Devon duration when his riding
of innisfail southern lake with 82
percent of the vote in a 5-way raised in
Conservative candidate Layla Goodridge
took hers home with 66% of the vote in
Fort McMurray Conklin but besides the
NDP being utter loser z' they are joined
in their pathetic defeat by another
bunch of losers in the mainstream media
let me elaborate NDP operatives in Fort
McMurray we're trying to make voters
believe that the use of the term special
interest groups by conservatives
amounted to anti First Nations racism
you know instead of just pointing out
that the NDP are often beholden to their
friends in big labour and the public
sector anyways it was published in the
media and it was a real leap and voters
didn't buy it but my favorite absolute
favourite mainstream media New Democrat
complex fail has got to be what happened
in Innis Vale Sylvan Lake Vice
discovered that Devon duration went to
campaign for Donald Trump in the United
States a dark blue
Canadian Tori supporting the Republican
nominee for the President of the United
States and he once wore a make America
great again hat so what at first I
thought it was strange that Vice is
going up his her with me to make me like
Devon duration even more than I realized
no they legitimately thought it would be
a deal breaker for rural Alberta
conservatives like me to find out the
duration supported the Republican
president in his efforts to defeat that
insufferable undead Crone Hillary
Clinton can you believe it and vice had
a lot of help trying to ruin young Devyn
duration Cheryl Oates director of
communications for the Premier herself
in a non partisan role might I add
tweeted that duration was another you
see Pierre hiding from his past and his
politics at the very least those running
for office should show their voters
honesty mat Dykstra press secretary for
Environment Minister Shannon Phillips
and one of those journalists who made
the jump over the government tweeted
that those make America great again hats
stand for separating kids from their
parents anti-women policies and
attacking Canadian jobs with tariffs now
there are so many more fear-mongering
comments from official NDP types and I
really I just don't care all that much
about these people who except to brag to
them that they lost in grandiose Hillary
Clinton fashion you know sorry
Matt and Cheryl but Dre should be one
big Lea his victory over NDP is Nicole
Mooney was huge and let's talk about the
NDP's Nicole Mooney for a quick little
minute here back a few years ago on
Nicole Mooney was professing herself to
be a pro-life Catholic educator who even
took her students to the March for Life
now that's the sort of thing I kind of
want to see in a Catholic educator but
now NDP candidate Nicole Mooney in 2018
running an in esperen Lake is suddenly
pro-choice as all NDP candidates tend to
be Elise Judas held out for
elver Mooney sold out for 9% of the vote
and utter embarrassment here's the thing
be Catholic don't be Catholic be
whatever you want to be I don't care as
long as you're honest as Cheryl Oates
says but unfortunately you know who does
care about all this stuff the Catholic
school system because Catholic teachers
have to sign an attestation to the faith
which of course makes perfect sense
parents want people who believe in
Catholic values educating their kids
otherwise those parents would just seek
out secular education but this is more
than just a Catholic issue I think
normal people think anybody who
renounces their deeply held religious
convictions for political expediency is
just not a principled person the kind of
person who will sell their soul up the
river to get ahead it's gross Mooney
went from abortion is murder to murder
is okay as long as I win an election and
no matter what you think of abortion
that kind of political hackery is
roundly rejected from all sides and I
hope if Mooney tries to go back to her
job as a Catholic educator an army of
angry Catholic parents eat her life I'm
unapologetic about this Mooney needs to
answer to them either she was a fraud
before or a fraud now and she really
needs to explain to the people who trust
her to educate her kids which one she
really is anyway all this leaves me to
wonder if Vice or anybody in the New
Democrat Party has ever actually met
somebody from Innis Vale sylvan lake
those people they're pretty conservative
rural folks who are straight shooters
and they like to tell it how it is
of course tration supporting Trump
wouldn't be a turn-off for them it might
even motivate a few of them to show up
at the polls and convince a few of them
that duration would be a bold
conservative instead of one cowers and
kowtow to the mainstream media you know
how those sorts of conservatives annoy
me anyway I know that's the effect it
had on me and I like to think that I'm a
pretty mainstream conservative type of
person what's next
a smear campaign from the NDP accusing
grecian of advocating for a small
government low taxes and personal
responsibility voters in Sylvan Lake
basically flipped the bird at the
mainstream media and the NDP elites the
NDP vote collapsed from 23% in 2015 to
just 9% in 2018
anyway after three by-elections and
three devastating losses to the UCP
across both rural and urban ridings I
personally hope the NDP their allegedly
nonpartisan press Secretary's their
cronies and cohorts in NDP special
interest groups and the mainstream media
never ever quit with their smear
merchants campaigns against good
conservatives and decent conservative
voters who didn't vote for the NDP
called them stupid call them racist call
them all the phobias it's blowing up in
the NDP faces and continues to blow up
in their faces and yet they refuse to
learn from their mistakes the left
accused Donald Trump of being just a
little too Trumpy and they said he'd
never be elected they tried to use the
same smear tactics to derail Doug Ford
and now devin duration this rate Jason
Kenney will die of old age in the
Alberta premiers office for the rebel
media I'm Sheila Gunn read what you just
saw there is my daily video that I do
here at the rebel but did you know that
I have my own weekly full-length show
it's aptly called the gun show and we
talk about issues facing Canadian
families but to get access to my show
and the rest of our incredible premium
content treat yourself to a rebel
subscription today
you
