but let me skip to the most troubling
part of this Facebook movie where they
list their enemies and there's a lot of
different types of misinformation
there's bad actors there's bad behavior
and there's bad content bad actors or
things like faking camps or foreign
agents bad actors they lets fake it
can't say I get it
faked it might be bad but but our
anonymous commenter is bad by definition
aren't a lot of dissidents Anonymous
don't they use pseudonyms weren't many
of the revolutionaries in the US
Revolutionary War who wrote some of the
Federalist Papers weren't what some of
them anonymous weren't many dissidents
in the Soviet Union anonymous had penned
names that's not fake I guess but it's
anonymous and foreign agents I mean I
get it if you're freaking out about
Russians but this video is from
California so it's the Canadian
Broadcasting Corporation a foreign agent
is is Justin Trudeau a foreign agent
that tesa
lions laying woman who's listing the
enemies she's actually from Ottawa
originally is she a foreign agent how
about u.s. environmentalist groups
propagandizing into Canada how about
George Soros is he a foreign agent how
about Facebook itself it's an American
company but is it a foreign agent in
Canada it's into foreign agent really
just whoever Facebook or Dianne
Feinstein doesn't like bad behavior is
using tactics like spamming to try to
spread a message all right
except I suppose one person spam is
another person's direct mail is another
person's critically important public
service announcement who gets to the
side right and sensationalizing things
well isn't that really just another word
for marketing it's in the job of every
single newspaper editor for example to
write the most interesting gripping
can't-miss headline for their front page
I don't get it and polarizing as in yes
no on off aren't there a lot of
questions to which the answers are only
yes/no did you catch your flight that's
a yes-or-no question are you pregnant
that's a yes-or-no question that's a
polarizing question say
with a lot of questions and politics do
you want to go to war yes or no there's
no baby do you think we should have a
carbon tax yes or no there's no maybe do
you support Donald Trump yes or no isn't
that what we call taking a vote in a
legislature like a parliament calling
for a division isn't that how Facebook
and other social media work you either
like something or your thumbs down or
thumbs up I could sort of like something
but Facebook's own symbol is a thumbs up
all right a little more from the video
and bad content includes things like
false news hate speech or clickbait
false news what's that I know what it is
it's an opinion that someone doesn't
like hate speech we talked about that
already it's a human emotion that the
other side doesn't like graphic violence
say well so much for half of Hollywood's
movies and rap videos and you can agree
with every single idea here but your
agreement in my agreement we have
different ideas how its implemented
don't we that's why we both get to be
different individuals in real life I
don't want hate speech but to me hate
speech is that horrible left is comedian
at the White House Correspondents Dinner
or Kathy Griffin holding up Trump's
severed head in effigy or Samantha bee
swearing at Ivanka Trump so crudely to
me that's hate speech but those are
heroes to the left so who gets to decide
who's banned right that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
