welcome to Declassified live good
morning guys a lot and when I tell you a
lot going on I mean this is out of
control what happened yesterday with
Peter struck this this is beyond bad
beyond terrible I don't even know where
to start
alright I don't even know where to start
so let's let's start at the beginning
now finish truck of course while back
story Peter strike was the assistant
assistant director in charge or games
like assistant deputy director in short
while she was in charge of and in charge
of certain counterintelligence
investigations what his title was
assistant deputy director for
counterintelligence essentially meaning
he was a pretty high-ranking guy a
senior guy bill in the GS 15 pay scale
we spoke about you know SES not being a
secret society and all that stuff but he
was an influential enough guy 22 years
in the FBI it's just big agency but it's
not a huge agency john zealand power
wolves morning both new thanks for being
here and so struck obviously and then of
course you know the store was discovered
exchanged 50,000 or so text messages
with his mistress lisa page lisa paid
was a very senior FBI lawyer she
reported to jim thome
he reported to Andrew McCabe got a lot
of power a lot of internal knowledge
about things happening at the FBI they
gonna have an affair he was on and she
was on Muller a special counsel team and
when the bias began to come to light and
Department of Justice began to dig into
who the members of this team were it was
revealed at Peter strike and Lisa page
had sent about 50,000 text messages to
one another a good portion of which
contained damning comments about Donald
Trump the most damning of course came as
a byproduct of the Inspector General's
recent investigation
when Lisa page said basically that
couldn't believe Donald Trump could
actually be elected president but it
really was really gonna happen and
Stroke said no we'll stop it and that's
where our little story begins so Peter
struck yesterday
was pulled into a joint committee of the
United States House of Representatives
Oversight and Judiciary Committee
and he so that's that in and of itself
is unusual enough it happens but
typically for very very serious events
like this
the takeaway yesterday the takeaway yes
was that rock is a Democratic operative
now I've been covering politics a long
time been around a law enforcement world
even longer I've never seen Democrats
run interference like that they didn't
run interference like that for Hillary
Clinton in the maenge assi here in the
bed and gauzy here Benghazi hearing Greg
Bourke one of the first and financial
supporters of the rebel well thank you
Greg thank you very much and sorry guys
you know some days we have these
buffering issues it's unfortunately not
much we can do about it that's on
youtubes end of the world not on our end
of the world and so I hate it I hate
that it happens I hate that we have to
deal with it but I'm looking at our
stream over here everything's looking
pretty good and there's something
falling down on their end so I hate when
that happens to us builds the momentum
of the show the struck is then called to
Congress and I thought the testimony
yesterday proved two things as I was
saying Brock is a democratic operative
he's a democratic operative not adopt my
mind about that but the Democrats were
terrified absolutely and I mean
terrified I've not seen fear
I've not seen fear I'm out of a
political party like that in years
I've not seen fear come out of a
political party like that in years they
didn't want to let him talk he didn't
want to let him testify
every time the Republicans were over the
target the Democrats ran insane
interference and the question is why why
wouldn't Democrats elected
representatives of the United State
people they represent Republicans in
their district they represent people in
their district who wanted to know what
Peter strike had to say they didn't care
about that they had one job protecting
other Democrats and taking down Trump
now if you're unbiased
why don't you want an FBI agent to tell
the truth under oath why why wouldn't
you want him to testify about the
goings-on at the FBI
recked and arrow is here morning Eric
morning Gail but it was uh so I couldn't
figure that out now Brock got off to a
very arrogant start an incredibly
arrogant start by basically implying
that he had damning information on
Donald Trump but he didn't release it
during the 2016 election ergo he's not
biased he then went on throughout the
entire hearing to say my texts of
personal they're not biased
that was the funnier part of the whole
thing that he didn't think his texts
were biased that he thought his texts
were merely personal communications
between him and Lisa Paige that's not
true
they were conducted the texts were
exchanged over FBI devices many times
while he was in his FBI office being
paid by you the taxpayer who funds the
FBI
that is a problem that's a problem
now the bigger part of this problem the
much bigger part of this problem is
Attorney General Jeff Sessions an FBI
director Christopher Rea
they both when I say thoroughly they
both work thoroughly thoroughly
thoroughly embarrassed yesterday
Jeff sessions yesterday was proving
yesterday to America that Jeff Sessions
has zero control over the Department of
Justice he needs to go away he needs to
go away
but one of the most telling moments in
the entire hearing one of the most
telling moments in the entire hearing
I'm going to go through the three that
stood out to me was in the beginning
when Bob Goodlatte said to Peter struck
you can't consult with FBI counsel you
are not here on behalf of the I'm
paraphrasing with chairman Bob Goodlatte
of the House Judiciary Committee
you're you're not here under you're not
here as a representative the FBI you
here's Peter struck who sent these text
messages the guy behind you as an FBI
lawyer he's not your lawyer so no you
can't consult with him as a as a matter
of a of your Reich's
is your here's Peter struck not as a
representing the FBI but I'm gonna let
you talk to him
let's try turn around and said well
because of an ongoing investigation and
professional con la I can't answer that
question and Goodlatte said you
absolutely can't answer that question
you're under subpoena Rock said I'm not
under subpoena now Rock said I would I'm
here voluntarily
look lads like I don't care if you walk
in voluntarily we sent a subpoena you're
under subpoena the way you act in this
committee the rules of this committee
are are today with a witness under
subpoena you have to answer so think
about what struck was saying Rock was
saying that because he wasn't hauled in
there by US Marshals that he was he was
there voluntarily that's the problem
hmm that's the bigger problem
now I think we're having a bit of a live
stream problem we're being told we're
not getting stream a truck
you
and I want to see if we're getting are
we getting
and do we have our stream back so I
restarted the stream sorry guys wanted
to see if maybe that would fix the
problem having a lot of problems today
with on youtubes end for this stream so
I really apologize we're gonna try to
make this work
let's see what we can do here and
hopefully
okay so struck just treating it as if he
wasn't under subpoena that was what he
was doing the committee was saying we
don't care if you don't feel you're
under subpoena we don't care if you
walked in here on your own just because
we didn't have to send US Marshals out
to put you in handcuffs and bring you
here doesn't mean you not under subpoena
but you've got to answer the questions
that's when representative Jerrold
Nadler of New York disgraced himself
disgraced the democratic party
absolutely disgraced himself and the
Democratic Party
it was absolutely terrible absolutely
terrible and believe me guys we know I'm
getting all this advice and I appreciate
it
on what we need to do to make the stream
we've got we've got it perfected with
with transfer rate with frame rates it
has nothing to do with any of that
gesture I appreciate the advice but
we've got this tweaked to perfection on
both on our machine on this end we just
Sunday's have this problem with YouTube
on the receiving end and so there's no
settings over here that need to be
changed it's it's been a chronic problem
not just for us but for others mmm and
it's it's really it's really
unfortunately that the the what you deal
with we've got a great we're dealing
with a with a great connection here I've
got one of the highest speed connections
offered it's it's something on the
receiving end cuz I've got nothing but
green lights or the stream on my end
unfortunate that we're dealing with this
but not much we can do about it
unfortunately I wish I wish there was
more we could do but YouTube is YouTube
anyway going back to the matter at hand
so so Jerrold Nadler the ranking member
of the House Judiciary Committee decides
to get into a fight with Bob Goodlatte
the chairman of the committee on behalf
of Peter stroke essentially Gerald Adler
sitting United States congressman who's
the ranking member of the committee
ranking Democrat on the committee
tells America tells the chairman of the
committee tells the witness in
congressional subpoenas mean nothing and
that's really what he did congressional
subpoenas mean nothing you don't have to
do anything
you don't have the answer questions you
don't have to cooperate with Congress
you don't do anything you don't want to
do it was it was absolutely ridiculous
Peter Strock was being obstructionist
and David Cicilline former Island
another Democrat he became
obstructionist it was one of the most
disgraceful displays of partisanship
I've ever seen that was great moment
number one great moment number two came
at the end of the first session of the
hearing before they went to that first
break around 2:00 p.m. Eastern
I'm sorry 1:00 p.m. Eastern 1:15 when
Peter struck who had been saying I can't
answer questions because the information
is privileged due to the ongoing
investigations of both the DOJ FBI
inspector general and special counsel
decided that he would answer questions
posed about those things when they were
asked by Democrats Sheila jackson-lee
now I was basically pounding my fist on
the table taking wait a second he just
opened the door he just answered the
questions I hope Goodlatte calls him on
this Bob Goodlatte the chairman the
committee well thankfully right before
they went to break Goodlatte said well
you just answered those questions and
now you're gonna answer our question so
they come back from the break Kraig Audi
begins to ask broad questions about
which struck answers again he can't
answer the question that trey Gowdy says
oh no yes you can because I spoke to the
FBI and you absolutely are allowed to
answer these questions and Strock says I
don't know I don't have the information
in front of me I can't remember and
Gowdy says we waited four hours for this
or three hours for this you really can't
remember and struck arrogantly and
defiantly says yeah like I'm not gonna
answer you I'll just say I don't
remember now I believe struck lied under
oath because I called him a couple of
times
same things that made no sense one of
the things struck said was he had no
knowledge that he was under
investigation
really you're sitting under oath in a
chair because you're under investigation
by Congress you were under investigation
by the inspector general and DOJ
inspector general Michael Horowitz said
to Congress and the Senate under oath
that he's got another investigation into
you as to whether or not you
altered the 302s you tampered with the
witness reports to me that was a
material lie under oath to Congress by
Peter struck because if he doesn't know
he's under investigation he's the only
person in America that doesn't know the
inspector general said so on national
television under oath I would imagine
Peter Strong's lawyers gave him a call
and said hey by the way you see that
they're looking at you for the 302s so
he'll and by the way he was sitting
there under investigation and I forget
who asked him the question but they
answered incredulously you're under
investigation right now
to me that was a material lie under oath
by Peter Strahm material i under oath by
Peter Straub yesterday he says you got
kicked out of the FBI strop no he didn't
Peter struck still works the FBI's an
assistant deputy directory as a badge of
gun and we found out yesterday I'm gonna
get into this in a moment a top-secret a
CI clearance he didn't get kicked out of
the FBI now rock became defiant and
still stonewalled and refused to answer
questions but I thought the most the
most incredible question the kill shot
the one that released shook bracha was
by louis gomer
I've gotta know Louie a little bit he's
a bulldog I think he's awesome I was so
glad he went where no one else wanted to
go when he said to struck you're
basically and we know what he said
you're lying I'll paraphrase your line
and this is the same smirk
you gave your wife when you were lying
next to her at night you know he was
saying as you were cheating with Lisa
Paige and Democrats went nuts this is
ridiculous you can't talk about stuff
like this you can't talk about his
personal life personal lives are
off-limits
really it's Donald Trump's personal life
off-limits Democrats is Donald Trump's
family's personal life off-limits what
about stormy Daniels Normie Daniels
being used as a pawn by robert muller
there seems to me like a personal lives
of elected officials government
officials appointed officials there
seems like their personal lives are fair
game keep democrats one of both ways
they want to both ways they don't want
transparency they don't want stocks
personal life brought in but I didn't
find Lou Eagle mares question out of
line I didn't find Lou Eagle mayor's
question distasteful his statement I
thought Louisville Mayor was spot on
if Peters truck is gonna crawl on a bed
and lie to his wife every night
America trust them CEO America more than
he owes his family now Peter struck
simply is in a believable man I didn't
believe a word he said and that was
really good
a GLAAD was really glad that Louie go
mayor called him a liar in front of
America does that mean most of America
believes Peter struck lightning remember
something
Peter Strock spent the bulk of his
career in counterintelligence
he kid to literally teach classes in
deception manipulation and beating
polygraphs also remember that Robert
Hansen one of the worst traders in
American history essentially had Peters
Trotz job in FBI counter-intel his
breaches of intelligence the foreign
actors that Chinese and others were one
of the or some of the worst and most
dangerous most damaging intelligence
preachers in history Robert Hansen got
away with it many years because he was
trained like Peter Strock than the FBI
tried to cover it up to save themselves
embarrassment
all right to see a pattern here parting
to see a pattern
but the Democrats didn't care about any
of that the Democrats couldn't have
cared less the Democrats were in full
court defense mode Peter strike could
have killed a baby in Times Square in
New Year's Eve and the Democrats would
have defended it and called the
Republicans partisan hacks and said you
shouldn't be talking about him killing
baby
there is 777 there is a ton of evidence
that page and Strock were lovers a ton
of evidence no more conspiracy theories
that's the last conspiracy theory I'm
ever there's my promise to you guys I've
addressed them for the first week and a
half the last conspiracy theory we ever
address here on declassified live he's
in the page were lovers many many many
many many many many many texts if you
dig into the IG report about their
relationship it's it's not even worth
you know no more when they've never
again talking about conspiracy theories
and Alex Jones and queueing on I'm never
gonna give it them after I finished this
sentence another second of attention on
this show
but I do agree with 777 we need to see
all the text and that's I'm glad you
brought that up that's exactly where I
was going this is why Jeff Sessions is
useless and steel anvil says later when
Donald Trump I believe purposefully
misspelled lawyer at the layers was
great Peter struck yesterday was asked
if he'll provide all the text and he
said no only the ones that are
work-related which is all he gave the
OIG that's nonsense that's BS and here's
why
he used FBI devices those texts people
on us the American people they belong
the DOJ Jeff Sessions should have been
on a podium
immediately ordering the release of
those text messages to Congress and
firing Peter struck but he's not because
Jeff sessions is the most useless good
morning Robert Jackson is the most
useless Attorney General in US history
yesterday proved it Jeff Sessions has
completely completely lost control of
the OJ
he has completely and utterly lost
control of the Department of Justice we
do not have an attorney general we have
rot Rosenstein hmm we have rot
Rosenstein running DOJ who is not an
ally not an honest actor he's a Democrat
shill Peter struck though yesterday was
working in concert with the Democrats he
was their operative
John Zeeland says who was it that
attacked rocks fidelity Louie Gohmert
representative louie gohmert from Texas
he is uh Gohmert or gold mayor how are
you pronounce it Louie is a great guy
and I've had a good fortune to spend
some time with Louie one-on-one time
it's just a nice nice guy very committed
an American patriot deeply cares about
this country one of the smartest guys
you'll run into and I thought his line
of questioning was outstanding
outstanding and I'm biased I'm a big fan
I like Louie go mayor a lot I'm a big
fan of him as the United States
congressman I like him as a man it's a
person really good guy but um yeah
Gohmert is how you pronounce it but I've
always pronounced to go mayor he even
made fun of me last time I saw might a
coffee with him he said you know you
never pronounce my name right but it's
okay but uh but he's a really good guy
good sense of humor right just a really
nice guy but man don't with Louie
Gohmert don't a Gohmert
let me say it right don't mistake
kindness for weakness because he goes in
for the kill and he's been one of the
greatest allies of conservatism beau
Merritt was was brutal during the Obama
administration he's not a guy who's
simply doing this for Donald Trump he
was one of the greatest allies of real
conservatives of of Tea Party movement
of the freedom caucus Louie has been one
of the best advocates for the right one
of the most articulate one of the most
powerful I would love to see him as
Speaker
he's not that degree of political player
now Robert Jackson says something that's
very true very true in fact one of the
most accurate comments we've gotten on
the site to date I didn't see very much
oversight being done from the Democratic
members of that meeting
no in fact Robert they were trying to
obfuscate they were trying to conceal
they were trying to kill transparency if
anything what they were doing was the
other extreme it wasn't about oversight
it was about rushing oversight
eliminating oversight
it was terrible it was terrible it's one
of the worst things I've seen but I
believe but last night I had a dinner
every quarter I do with dinner with a
group of guys I've known for years and
political leaders there are former
members of Congress four members of the
Florida State I'm Florida State
Legislature and I'm very affluent
business leaders who are very
politically active very politically
active and a few guys at the table
they're there companies are so big one
is a multi-billion dollar international
company he found that he's beö odd that
he asked to donate to both sides of the
aisle is just the nature of the game and
I've known these guys for a long time we
do these dinners a private dinner in a
private room secret society kind of
thing now and I I get their perspective
because quite often they'll say well you
know you need it would I enlarge the
group is conservative and votes
Republican but they say well you need to
demonstrates where our businesses
operate
I've never seen that group there's about
15 of us and we get together once a
quarter for a dinner at a steak house
and we get a private room we have the
same waiter so we know him for years so
that nothing we say in the room comes
out of the room because I'm there as
media and like I said there are a couple
of elected people in the room at any
given time a couple of former elected
people but to a person last night even
the business guys who are they've got to
kind of straddle defense because of
their business interest who a person
they said this was
disgrace for the Democrats one of them
said that one of the Democrats who was
doing the obstructing is somebody that
he needs for an issue but that he can't
in good conscience work with that person
anymore that's how bad did I've got a
guy at the table a very wealthy guy so
by not working with this Democrat his
company will take a hit in the hundreds
of thousands to a couple of million
bucks
that didn't matter to him he said we
make a lot of money I'd rather give up
that money said I would honestly rather
donate that money to charity the equal
amount that we lose in business donate
it to charity take the tax write-off
that I would give this particular
Democratic Congress person a $2,700
donation so I'm not gonna do it I'd
rather lose the six to seven figures if
when somebody's saying that and that is
a true story when somebody saying that
you know the Democrats threw themselves
yesterday they're in a lot of trouble
they're in a lot of trouble and I will
tell you this
Dondero says Cardillo is a slimmed down
version of Franklin to the Florida focus
group that nods out of Florida focus
group believe me you'd uh you guys would
like these guys you guys look like these
now clear Peters raises a very very
important point Rock still has his
security clearance yeah
he testified to that under oath more
importantly he still has his TS s CI
clearance more importantly more
importantly
he has his TSS CI and he admitted
has to fight under oath that he used it
to obtain information to prepare for the
hearing
well her is different than what Jeff
Sessions told us back in June isn't it
that procs clearance had been pulled but
what's happening what's happening over
at DOJ
at FBI what's happening over there do we
have anybody in control on our side
anybody
is there anyone on our side in control
of DOJ and FBI
I don't know I don't know now 777s
well-paid show if not what Congress JLo
but I can just jail her
they've got who they've got to catch
can't just be summarily jailed they've
got to go to a federal judge as the
federal judge to enforce the subpoena
then sent out the United States Marshals
so we got to see what
we've got to see what that how that all
shakes out but I do believe she'll show
this morning now I believe the sergeant
arm is still implements our turn arms
can hold her in contempt but Ryan needs
to give the order but even then you
still need the US Marshals to go getter
and that that a procedure for that is a
federal judge has to order that a
federal judge has to rule the sergeant
of arms can hold her in contempt
Ryan gives the order code to a federal
judge a federal judge makes the ruling
and then the federal judge can then ask
u.s. marshals to go get her it's not it
can't Congress isn't law enforcement or
prosecutorial they don't have the
authority to spend the marshals to get
anybody it has to be a federal judge
that does it but um hmm let's see a
hangman John root says why does David
Cicilline where congress pin on right
side all of this unless lapel is that
means nothing it's probably just because
on the Blazer he has some custom Blazers
have the buttonhole for lapel pins on
the right side others on the left that
wouldn't read too much into that but but
the bigger problem we have here is the
defiance the absolute defiance that
Peter Strock still has a security clan
he still has his security clearance now
trey Gowdy did an amazing job hey God
he's a lot of bark but no bite however
yesterday he got it on the record and
that's really all I cared about I wanted
to see what we saw yesterday on the
record we needed Peter Strock
embarrassed in front of America we
needed that we needed Peter stroke
embarrassed in front of America and he
was embarrassed in front of America now
the big question the big big question
is what will Jeff Sessions and
Christopher radio image as sessions and
Christopher Rae
don't act today if they don't act today
and they don't fire Jeff Sessions I and
Christopher Rae rod Rosenstein but what
I'm trying to say is if Jeff session and
Christopher I don't fire Peter Strock
and Trump needs to fire Jeff Sessions
rod Rosenstein and Christopher Rea and
when everybody goes hysterical and says
you just purged the FBI and they shut
down Muller Trump me to say too bad
Trump is polling that are at 90
something percent among Republicans
he'll survive it politically he's
getting terrible advice from his White
House Council now
terrible terrible advice from his White
House Counsel and it's time for the
President of the United States a push
back mmm it's time for the president
United States to push back
now
we we just this case has me infuriated
because number one it disgraces the
hard-working men and women of the FBI
number two it completely destroys
Americans confidence in their federal
law enforcement
why would you why would you why would
any American respect the authority of
the FBI if the FBI doesn't respect the
authority of the Constitution
when a senior FBI agent sits up there
and lies for hour upon hour upon hour
and I believe he lied we caught him in
lies saying you didn't know he was under
investigation we caught him in lies when
he said all his texts were unbiased they
were hyperbole he's insulting the
intelligence of Americans telling you
don't believe what you read don't
believe what my texts say oh my bias
didn't read fifty thousand text messages
sent on FBI devices my bias didn't creep
in Oh give me a break
give me a break I've got no by it
highest
I've got no bias
where is the Attorney General of the
United States and what is happening over
at the FBI today what are they doing
over at the FBI
now brandy Hamilton says more bread and
circus nobody going to jail we bet we
should find better things to do a
planetary or something well you got
understand Peter struck we were never
looking at Peters croc in a criminal
capacity we're just trying to find out
how deeply things go now if the
inspector general finds out that he
tampered with the 302 is the witness
reports that's criminal but sending
texts to your mistress is not criminal
having a mistress doesn't even violate
FBI guidelines now we're having a
mistress for an FBI agent in
counterintelligence any of the agent is
dangerous is blackmail hey we've got
photos of you and your mistress we're
gonna give them to your wife drop the
investigation or give us information
that's the problem
that's the problem hmm that is the
problem right there the the disgraceful
disgraceful breach of ethics and
protocol that compromised him that
compromised his job
that compromised the entire FBI
apologize guys I know the stream the
seed is now now steal and defeat is
terrible steel anvil said something John
it was texting six cops we knew he was
lying brother feel I was doing the same
as texting with a guy in military
intelligence good buddy of mine who was
actually an interrogator at Guantanamo
for a while and it was hmm it was a
disgraceful display he was lying to
America's face lying to America's face
and we knew it and everybody knew it and
my very good friend is a forensic
psychologist he's worked God he's
testified in he told me over the years
and into the thousands of court cases
then my anger and violent crime and
deception and he said that he found
nothing nothing truthful in observing
struck about trucks behavior demean etc
and I don't know see Bateman is saying
he's serious about her arrest though the
officers enter a club owner must be
Trump supporter Oh tore me Daniels no I
that's are you talking about now it was
just that was probably a regular old
public morals unit sting and she got
jammed up they probably had heard what
she was doing they went in they got a
minor arrest the charges are dropped
happens all the time it's not some grand
believe me if people that were close or
I wanted help the president we're gonna
jam up stormy Daniels it wouldn't be on
a minor violation akin to a speeding
ticket
yeah now
but I I'm so the thing that bothers me
the most
it says I'm talking to you guys and I'm
bringing you the show I'm checking news
reports and I'm looking at the OJ's
website and hmm I just can't find
anything anything
that indicates the DOJ even cares I
can't find anything than indicated jeff
Sessions is awake
I don't even if he's awake the Jeff
Sessions washed his hearing yesterday
does he know what went on Rudy Giuliani
was about the only one out there beating
up Peter struck Giuliani said that's a
disgrace
Peschel council robert muller should be
ashamed of himself those democrats
trying to protect that liars truck
should be ashamed of themselves and
every FBI every FBI agent I know wants
to see this guy drummed out of the
bureau Giuliani went on to say so how
much of it is infecting the
investigation today we may never know
which is why I think the investigation
is totally phony look there isn't an
attorney in America a lawyer in America
a reasonable prosecutor as James Comey
loves to say a reasonable person in
America that thinks Muller's
investigation is on the level and is not
tainted and is not tainted
let's see let's see what else we got
here in terms of comments
uh he Bateman forced his nope it almost
never happened they didn't do it with
for anyone just because they wanted to
trip her up about storming Daniels
it's not true not true we used to back
up the New York City public moral
division all the time when they would go
into strip clubs and do stings for
prostitution other things so that's he
Bateman respectfully that's simply not
true cops police departments do stings
like that all the time there are units
dedicated was not some plot until Trump
by getting stormy Daniels a minor
summons that's not the way he yeah steel
anvils right about Jeff Sessions he's
worried about friggin weed I say that
all the time Jeff Sessions hops up he's
a groundhog from Groundhog's Day
Punxsutawney Phil every six weeks Jeff
session pops out of his hole as legal
weed I miss thirteen immigration I say
legal weed I said seizure and then he
goes back into his whole like lo
groundhog and then it comes out six
weeks later he is completely completely
checked out
completely checked out
Gale Cochran Cochran says something
interesting how did that Democrat
Republican emails our text about jason
Chaffetz there weren't emails in text so
would well Gale is referring to is that
his name is um Oh it'll come to me I
forget he's the guy with the glasses
weird weird little guy and he was
reading comments made to the media or
given to the media by never Trump errs
during the election and saying you
didn't say they say did you know oh
you're right it was Republican Ben Sasse
it was Jason Chavez by the way he
pronounced everybody's name wrong but he
proved he proved from point that even
Republicans were against Trump and he
still won he was proving that Trump was
innocent this guy anyway it was it was
the dumbest display the dumbest display
I've ever seen the dumbest display I've
ever seen
it really really was ridiculous really
was ridiculous and if anything all he
did was say those in the Republican
Party who were against Trump are now
with him like Jason Chavez who's on Fox
all the time defending Trump and out
there at pro Trump events as keynote
speaker
there were a lot of nevertrump as early
on he landal says SAS was involved in
yeah he was he was a Denny Hastert I
can't stand Ben Sasse I think he's a
sanctimonious oh this guy just gets on
my nerves you don't either that little
stunt and drove the garbage truck and
drove the uber that's what are you doing
you should be driving garbage trucks and
overs here's what I don't wanna get into
steel they're all PTO's they're all
pedophiles I don't like this line you
know I know man you come out a law
enforcement but we use that to
gratuitously I worked those cases for a
little while we it's it's been too easy
we throw it around pedophile pedophile
Democrat pedophile we forget about the
victims and the real cost of those
crimes no no I don't think everybody's a
pedophile but I think that Danny Hastert
certainly was and I think Ben Sasse knew
about it family I believe Joe Paterno
knew everything and I was glad to see
Joe Paterno die in disgrace
I believe Joe Paterno knew everything
and he covered it up I believe that I
firmly believe that I believe he put the
football program way ahead way ahead of
what he did but still I see what you're
saying it always seems to shake out
there that it comes back to some
prominent people and they're very
forgiving of pedophilia
let's see 30,000 sealed indictment says
Jeff Sessions has been busy yep
that's another conspiracy theory people
don't realize that that other people in
this country are being investigated and
prosecute in Jeff Sessions is not the
guy doing the indictments we have
thousands of assistant US attorneys out
there prosecuting people around the
country for various things it is
mind-blowing that Americans but read or
listen to these conspiracy sites and
think that every sealed indictment in
the United States has to do with Hillary
Clinton and in Clinton no it doesn't
probably the drug dealer and the Texas
border or the mob guys in New York it's
not a crime out there nothing to do with
Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions is doing
absolutely nothing absolutely nothing
nothing
it's uh it's really really funny that
people believe this stuff without doing
research on it's actually pretty tragic
I wish people would watch shows like
this morning and factual outlets and
less conspiracy set
well marriage bombshell about the
Clinton's server forwarding emails to a
foreign entity was a bit weird no merit
well we know which entities it was we
know that foreign actors were able to
breach the Clinton email server
we know that the Clinton Foundation was
dealing with many many foreign
government
yep still envel says what write a
warrant application see how long it
takes no time at all they're lazy you
can get them in hours in hours you can
I've watched I've watched warrants come
through for social media to grab images
we do there was child porn or something
like that
I've watched them come through in under
a half hour
but you're right and you're right it's
about laziness and now the process is
automated in many
it's automated mad magic tastic says why
isn't Trump removed yet sessions I
explained it yesterday he has removed
yet sessions because Trump needs to get
a Supreme Court nominee through and Jeff
Sessions and Mitch McConnell the Senate
Majority Leader have been friends very
long time Mitch McConnell and other
powerful senators made it very clear to
Jeff sessions who Donald Trump but
they're not gonna have their buddy Jeff
Sessions fired in disgrace who if Trump
does it they're not going to approve
confirm whomever he appoints and they're
gonna stall other nominees
that's called politics that's why it's
not because Jeff session there's some
Idol an assassin behind the scene it's
because his buddies in the Senate don't
want him to be fired and disgraced
they're helping their friend out that's
the only reason you have session still
has a job
the only reason only reason
the only reason
lee newton road says good morning Robert
Jackson says our stream is really laggy
today I know it is terrible today and I
apologize not an our end I've got all
green lights on our end is something on
something on youtubes receiving end
that's really screwing us up Robert it's
frustrating to me as well I'm you notice
I'm poking around here as I bring you
guys the show I'm monitoring it
yo Cochran says Mitch is playing dirty
man Mitch McConnel I will say this I'm
no fan of Mitch McConnell on many many
many many things
but Mitch McConnell saved America he
saved America by not appointing by
blocking the confirmation of Merrick
garland so hate Mitch McConnell all you
want but you gotta give credit where do
Mitch McConnell code stole much spine
and backbone on Obama's appointment of
Merrick garland
by blocking it by not putting a far
leftist
by Obama on the court that you gotta
give Mitch McConnell credit for that one
and quite frankly that was a
transformative moment for America a
transformative moment for America look
at the decisions that came down about
unions
look at the decisions that have come
down about religious freedom that
wouldn't have happened with Merrick
garland on the Supreme Court port would
have gone the other way
what would have gone the other way we
would not have had the majority were
about to have with the appointment with
the appointment of Brett Kavanaugh
and and I don't care what McConnell does
going forward I'll criticize him but to
the end of time I'll give Mitch
McConnell a tremendous amount of credit
for his fortitude on that one it was I'm
gonna say it again it was a
transformative moment for the United
States we're on a blip we were on a
brink here we're on a cliff and Hillary
gotten Merrick garland we were going
left
but instead chip was righted and now the
port is moving to the right he really
deserves credit for that and listen if
you watch this show you watch my shorter
segments she watched my old show here
the hour-long Declassified mitzvah-kah
it assigns Mitch McConnell I beat up
Mitch McConnell I don't like what he's
doing what you have sessions but I will
say this I think after yesterday Donald
Trump political capital rose and Jeff
Sessions and Christopher a and the FBI
and the DOJ
the corrupt individuals within their
sank grump right now has the political
capital to start making moves hangman
John Ruth says you predict Trump will
have three schoo disappointments I think
he definitely gets three so I agree with
you he might get four Breyer is getting
up there you might get four and I'll
tell you something else like a five you
might get five and I'll tell you why
you're gonna probably replace Ginsburg
Breyer tens how healthy he is by 2020
for the end of Trump second term because
I believe barring anything Trump will
retire a trumple easily win a second
term breyer proudly retired during that
term Trump replaces him I believe
Clarence Thomas will step down well
retire so that Trump can replace someone
as conservative as Thomas who's younger
and then we're gonna have a very very
conservative Court for decades Trump
might arguably just due to the way the
math works out in the ages of the
justices he might get five go
disappointments and so he's definitely I
believe I'm with you getting three
possibly four
I think if Breyer goes Thomas definitely
goes definitely goes and Trump gets five
young conservative appointments on the
court and that that is it just
earth-shatteringly good Alito's still
relatively young so uh
we yeah meditech says yup hard to
believe we could have ended up with
Hillary man I thank my lucky stars every
single day every single that imagine
imagine what would have happened at this
country because you can bet your bottom
dollar if Hillary was in the Oval Office
Breyer and Ginsburg would have retired
already
so she would have been replacing hmm
well they would have gotten married
Garlin he would have been replacing
Kennedy he probably would have retired
Breyer and Ginsburg probably would have
retired Hillary would add for Young
Justice the court would have been left
for years because Kagan and Sotomayor
you are relatively young
mm-hmm they're relatively young hmm
Robert Jackson says who do I think is
running against Trump in 2020 I think
Hillary thinks she's running against
Trump in 2020 I think Elizabeth Warren
wants to run against Trump in 2020
Andrew Cuomo from New York's definitely
running in 2020 go Biden he'll probably
throw his hat in the ring in 2020 and
Cory Booker I think is running so right
now those five I think you can take to
the bank Hilary Elizabeth Warren Joe
Biden Andrew Cuomo governor New York and
Cory Booker senator from New Jersey
those five definitely definitely others
will throw their hats in the ring we got
to see who up-and-comers in the party
are but those five have a Booker is a
nut Robert Jackson says Cory Booker he's
a Looney tune but those five I think you
could take the bank they've got they've
got warchest I've got some money they've
got the brand recognition so they're
gonna give it a shot
I don't think any of them could be Trump
in a general that's the problem
I don't think anybody what about the
governor of Colorado running for
president yeah be hard for him to raise
money
you mean Hickenlooper be hard from the
raise money it doesn't have enough
national name wrecking me
you see the protects the problem for
Biden is that everyone sees Obama's
mistakes now yeah but Biden kidding very
easily say I was the VP I disagreed with
him on this I would have done it this
way fighting his name recognition
don't underestimate name recognition
brady hamilton says same criminals
different election yeah good way to put
it
yeah lee newton roads just organizing in
mutiny within the corrupt misguided
liberal democratic party i was talking
about this last night
there are really two democratic parties
right now you've got the far left
radically far left party of Tom Perez
and Alexandra Cascio Cortes the New York
Socialist
you've got that Democratic party and
then you got the Democratic Party Connor
lamb in Pennsylvania the the
conservative moderate
democratic party the patriotic
working-class democratic party
unfortunately that that's a bit shorter
Lisa Leto says did we discuss Lisa Paige
testimony I just got here we did we
don't know much about it yet it's gonna
be behind closed doors today last we
heard she's going and I think that's why
the Democrats and Peter Strock were so
hell-bent yesterday on getting the
transcripts of stocks private testimony
released suddenly the Republicans
blocked if you don't understand what's
happening there and why they wanted that
it was because it was because they
wanted to give Peter a Lisa page a cheat
sheet or a testimony today if they had
released Brock's testimony is private
testimony yesterday
Lisa stocks lawyers would have spent the
whole night using it to prepare her for
this morning that's what they were doing
with that if you didn't understand the
game with that that's what that game was
about it was all about Lisa Paige
getting her CliffsNotes for this
morning's testimony to Congress today's
testimony behind closed doors to
Congress
because they're very nervous about now
is that Lisa Paige and Peter Strock are
going to say two different things under
oath about the same issues that's what
they're very very nervous about
remember he - rock made up said things
yesterday that he didn't say under oath
and vice versa
meditech says i don't think we will get
anything from page we'll take the fifth
everywhere maybe maybe I mean she's an
attorney and there's something they can
really do to her she doesn't work for
the FBI anymore
you walked in there and takes the fifth
there's nothing they can do to her
because she's not accused of doing
anything criminal if I were her I'd take
the fifth
uh and and so holder at the hill to take
the fifth so what but what hit do
anything to texting your mistress isn't
illegal or your your urine your
boyfriend isn't illegal mm-hmm thing you
hate Donald Trump isn't illegal it's
improper it should be fireable she's
already quit the FBI
there's absolutely let me make it clear
to you there is absolutely nothing
nothing that can be done Alicia page
John Zeeland says stroke Ana take an
internal FBI polygraph that he didn't
fully pass yet he was allowed to retain
access to SC I say good maintain control
of Hillary's espionage investigation
I've seen reports on that none confirmed
I haven't seen that reported really with
any confirmation on it he never lost his
he never lost his security clearance
apparently apparently Jeff Sessions
misled us it was only suspended for one
day he didn't lose it yeah meta tag it
was smart she quit the FBI very smart
Lisa page could walk in there today and
said I don't let you know I'm taking the
fifth on every question they could
question or spend ten hours you could
walk out never answer a question and
there isn't a damn thing anyone can do
to her nothing nothing I charted
anything criminal not suspected have
been an in criminal and it is her
constitutional right to plead the fifth
I were her I would do that I would do
that
absolutely now let's hope she's nervous
and she answers questions but she is a
lawyer though she knows what she's doing
when she goes in there but he'll if I
were her if I were her attorney
I wouldn't she nothing we shouldn't say
a word
well stroke testimony was textbook
rehearse steel anvil says yeah yeah but
very deceptive very deceptive and I do
think but he was a weak witness I do
think that if Jeff says well that's such
another story he's got on my mind if
Congress
but only allow Republicans on the
committee to interview him he would have
cracked the strike is so used to being
on the other side of that table he
doesn't have to be a witness only an
interrogator Louie Gohmert was shaking
him up
uh MD is saying Breitbart and rip the
Santa thing this morning that struck at
his TSI restored temporarily for
purposes of preparing yesterday yeah
I've heard that couldn't been restored
at all
couldn't have been restored at all but I
think the FBI's playing games I think
they're playing a lot of games because I
don't believe they were only letting him
look at old information
still anvil since he and I could have
cracked him in an hour probably probably
the guy was really getting worked up he
was ready to go man he was ready to go I
know you saw it too he was this guy was
ready to go Comair could have broke him
and then a Jim Jordan or Gowdy could
have come in or a DeSantis or a Matt
Gaetz they could have come in and asked
some killshot questions and I think
Strock would have cracked
unfortunately the Democrats get their
questions after five minutes and they
were giving him breathers
they were calming him down they were
helping him out
it was unfortunately tragic to be quite
honest wit it was absolutely absolutely
tragic hey guys I'm gonna have to show a
little bit earlier today cuz I'm
starting to get more notifications here
that our stream is bad but I don't want
to have happen is for the stream to go
down at the end of the show we only had
about nine minutes left anyway we're
gonna work on this and it happened to us
right there that's why I'm gonna wrap it
up a bit early but I will be back with
you Monday morning live at 7:30 a.m. I'm
gonna work on these stream issues over
the weekend see there's anything we're
not seeing that we can do to fix them
we're gonna do that for you because I
really hate me delays and bringing you
the show like that is very distracting
for me for you and I will be back with
you on Monday you have an amazing
amazing weekend
you
you
