why are you all so beautiful
you guys are so beautiful how are you
all so pretty how does this happen from
one woman to another do you just get
bored with these jeans
well you look awesome and there's
probably no man on the planet or no
woman on the planet that wouldn't think
the same how are you all so good-looking
this is here next to the Iron Dome right
I have not seen one ugly person here in
the military if you guys are all
incredibly beautiful how does it just
the British that are so ugly where do
you put your ugly people why are you all
so beautiful everybody every single one
of you I'm just beyond gorgeous tell me
how that works is it just in your genes
really is that the Israeli to you the
air and living in a good country
probably the most amazingly I'm sure you
do an incredible job as well I'm not
this missing that why are you all so
beautiful all of you are beyond
attractive how are you all so
good-looking Wow where are all your ugly
people tell me you're doing a great job
no really you're just being kind now but
in your uniforms you all look amazing
why and how including you are you also
good-looking how does this happen and I
want to know as well where have you
hidden your ugly people in a dungeon on
a scale of one to ten how hot
yeah but not everyone is perfect now
give it a night I know I've never seen a
more attractive defense force in my life
okay I will stop perving a move on to
catch up with our news and information
join us at rebel Israel calm
