well the Democrat knives are out for
judge Brett Kavanaugh
yeah the Democrats are hysterical they
are desperately trying to dig up dirt on
judge Brett Kavanaugh Donald Trump
Supreme Court pick your replace retiring
Justice Anthony Kennedy and it's really
hilarious watching them because by all
rights and accounts Cavanaugh has lived
an incredibly clean and good life the
guy isn't particularly wealthy he's been
in government service his entire life
money doesn't seem important to him but
he really enjoys his family and coaching
his daughters basketball team being a
community member s cabal teams actually
coaches who youth basketball teams the
funniest part of this is and I'm gonna
tell you in a moment the worst
opposition research the demonsaw at the
left has come up with it's pretty
laughable but the right is countering
with pictures of Cavanaugh serving food
the homeless
yesterday there was an op-ed in the
Washington Post about how by a neighbor
of Cavanaugh a paraphrase it he's
actually the mom of his daughter's
classmate and she says essentially I
don't know much about him to judge but
he has unanimous support from everybody
that knows him as a person and this
woman talks about his community service
and how the kids call him Coach K and
how he's the carpool dad in the summer
driving all the kids around but most
importantly right before the end of the
story
this woman talks about how her husband
passed away three years ago and the
hardest part of that but she says a few
years ago and the hardest part of that
was that her daughter no longer had
anyone to take her to the
father-daughter dance at the school
where she goes with Cavanaugh's daughter
well she said Cavanaugh immediately
stepped up and he brings his daughter
and that little girl every year and
access her surrogate dad for that dance
but she doesn't feel left out he's a
good guy
he's a nice good guy well that wasn't
enough for the Democrats because they've
dug their dirt boy they really dug in
apparently apparently
judge Cavanaugh does have two fatal
flaws
they're really egregious they're really
really agreed Kavanagh racked up
somewhere between sixty and $200,000 in
debt
because he had the disgraceful audacity
to renovate his home
and to buy baseball tickets in bulk for
he and his friends and even worse it
looks like he actually paid off most of
the debt and the friends for whom he
bought the baseball tickets gave him the
money and he paid his credit cards yep
that's what that's what the Devens have
that's all they've got on this guy
that's all they've got it said already
do this from the hill Kavanagh has
reported having up to two hundred
thousand dollars in credit card debt
over the last ten years so 20 grand a
year in debt and they're actually wrong
about it having been credit card debt is
the actual disclosure says credit card
end or loan debt and included in that
200000 our renovations on his home well
that really isn't a lot of money twenty
thousand dollars a year when you're
buying season baseball tickets and
renovating your home really isn't a lot
of money a lot of people take equity
loans on their home to renovate their
home to update their home this is
insignificant insignificant here in six
figures as a federal judge his wife has
a good job this is not a lot of money
that probably breaks down new somewhere
in the neighborhood of $1,200 a month or
them on that home equity loan and the
few grand he spent on baseball ticket
then why shouldn't he he's a sports fan
well they're people buy boats they're a
lot more expensive than 20 grand a year
the guy likes baseball not to mention
that he bought the baseball tickets in
bulk smart idea right yeah miles on your
credit card for his buddies and then his
buddies pay him I have a friend who buys
football tickets at him want to go to
NFL games anymore but he would buy
tickets in bulk and when we went to the
games we pay him for the tickets he's a
very wealthy guy he was spending about
40,000 bucks a drop through his company
buying out a massive box at Dolphin
Stadium down here in South Florida
because some of us were buying the
tickets with him before the NFL got
crazy and went far left and he would use
many of those seats for clients he's
very large for a successful company and
he would use those seats for clients
this is not something unusual I go to
dinner with my friends all the time I
pick up the tab they pick up the tab I
pick up the tab they pick up the tab or
I put it on my card and then
they give me cash now sure mount with
five guys and we're drinking a lot of
wine pardillo spent $1,000 on dinner and
one night one really does the other four
guys five guys the table you know for me
a hundred and fifty bucks and we settle
at the tab he it's so stupid that
they're making an issue with us so they
said so this is my favorite part of the
hill story the last paragraph should
have been the lead but the last
paragraph last year having owes credit
card debts and loan appeared to be paid
off or fill below the year's reporting
requirements meaning it was down nothing
a few grand according to the post watch
this was Washington Post story and Raj
Shah of the White House press secretary
deputy press secretary hold The
Washington Post that Judge Cavanaugh his
friends reimbursed him for their share
of the baseball team and that Cavanaugh
is no longer gonna buy season tickets
for his friends
there it is it's a non-issue it was a
lead story in The Washington Post
repurposed by the hill painted where I
should say published the paint Cavanaugh
as a deadbeat and the headline on the
hill Cavanaugh incurred tens of
thousands in credit card debt buying
Washington Nationals tickets the last
paragraph says Oh buddy paid it all off
and a lot of that was for his buddies he
bought them in bulk and they reimbursed
him this is why we call it we call it
this is why we call it fake news I want
to bring you this content every day and
I hope you stick in with me every day
I'm also bringing in my live show off
the cuff well it's now Declassified live
every morning live 7:30 to 8:30 a.m.
right here on the rebel tuned in I'll
see you guys tomorrow
