I'm just giving a quick update as to
some people would have seen today there
was a little judgment made at the Old
Bailey with regards to my trial so next
Tuesday the 23rd I will stand trial
again for contempt of court now there
was a judgment made today by the judge
he passed a judgment to say that he will
take the case himself and he will
prosecute and judge from what I
understand there were submissions and a
legal argument that this has to go to
the Attorney General the Attorney
General then instructs a prosecutor that
hasn't happened and it's actually which
I just don't understand how this can be
it's actually the judge who's added
extra charges so the person who's going
to judge you has added more charges I
can't have a jewelry so I haven't got a
jury so I'll be tried for contempt of
court for breaching a reporting
restriction that multiple other
journalists the same weekend breached
none of them are face prosecution in
fact their cases were sent to the
Attorney General the Senate 13 general
from what I understand from a legal team
is the correct procedure now the case
that I was sent to prison for standing
outside is actually still under
reporting restrictions so I believe
there's a legal effort by journalists
why it's taken them this long but
they're going to put a legal effort on
Thursday to try and have this reporting
restrictions lifted why they didn't do
that in the first place why were there
these blanket reporting restrictions
that you can't talk about this case
whatsoever or you'll be put in prison
the journalists are now going to try and
lift the reporting fictions and if
they're lifted then we can all find out
the details can't we about what's going
on where there's a lot of details to
come out but I've been an illegal
meeting today as well half in Manchester
with slitters to look at all the cases
but I won't have against the
against the Sunday Times against the
police against the prism okay to be able
to fight these cases this is where this
is where it's impossible yeah to be able
to fight these cases the charges it's
insane but that's another whole video
and another whole story this story is
let people know Don the 23rd I'll be
standing trial at the Old Bailey I know
when I walk around the corner last time
it was such a feeling that that many
people would have turned out and it felt
amazing rather than being worried or
concerned but obviously I will be I felt
elevated so quote the trial will have a
little trade third now I'm gay it's
gonna fucking get I just don't
understand how a judge can I don't
understand I do not get it which I'm
sure these legal arguments will come up
again how the procedure the reason a
case got dismissed the last time was
because they did not follow procedures
they're not this is not following
procedures again from what I understand
from my legal thing I know we're
covering the app while we're on it we're
currently I am soldier X campaign is
currently at nearly a hundred
eighty-five thousand signatures I'll ask
you haven't signed it please sign it and
take one minute I want to have at least
200,000 signatures when I go and deliver
this I want to deliver it perform a
court case now I think I will do in case
I'm not here I want to deliver it I know
there's a demonstration on
is it this Sunday yes this Sunday
there's a demonstration by veterans
against terrorism starring at Leicester
Square at 12 o'clock variance against
terrorism a brilliant organisation set
up in the wake now after the Manchester
bombings ex-servicemen who are coming
together who probably like most people
now feel like they served their country
to protect him from from the very the
very people that are here to protect it
from say for example the 22,000 Muslims
are on a jihad he taught terror
watchlist why are they here why are they
why they be allowed to walk the streets
but anyway there's a March and the March
is now change its name to hashtag I am
soldier X that will be the march of you
if you want to join that or I'd advise
the two so a great organization I wish I
could be there myself but because I
think I'll probably be in jail or
Tuesday Wednesday I'm taking my children
away for the weekend so I wish I could
be and I've been traveling and we've
been everywhere and I'm everywhere for
the next two days as well all three days
until we go we
we will be yeah so
if you haven't signed it sign it well as
I said we're nearly 185 thousand we want
to be at 200,000 the support has been
unbelievable even you might have seen
that our armed forces apparently got 2%
pay rise boy they don't tell you as they
put their living conditions they have to
pay for it to live where they live they
put that up and they put their food up
where as I'm talking ate I saw I read
the report I've been reading so much to
try and get I think that once I get
caught out of the way either way if it's
me going away income account I want to
tell the stories of many of these armed
forces of what's happening to them of
why they feel the way they do and their
standard of living the support they
receive and then collect shown towards
them all of our videos will all make
videos about each individual thing and
tell these people stories because they
don't have a voice and I'm realized that
boy I've been breaking my heart
sometimes reading some of these messages
I'm getting some of the message I'm
getting about what conditions they're
living under about people who have
suffered people have been blown up
people are that who have then been that
all it's coming down to money trying to
prevent them getting the access to the
facilities they need the support they
need they're basically just being bumped
and that's why this I am so direct
campaign I can see it's gonna explode in
the sense of people want a voice these
people are being neglected and even go
up eight thousand eight thousand six
hundred members of the army or
clinically obese I read a report your
state eight thousand six hundred or
obese why are they apiece that's what
you should be asking why are they beasts
and then you look at the food that
they're getting given they give them fed
and they have to pay for it themselves
it used to be deducted all marking out
their wages so they'd automatically just
get their meals and their food now it
goes on the page you go system so by the
end of month either they haven't got a
lot of money either and I take away two
peas chicken and chips or kebab is a lot
cheaper yeah and so that's why the and
your just the whole day I think I think
to where your Bix went up from they said
fifty P the next day they come in we
went up tiptoe to to we pick some milk
the next week when they come when they
come in it was one pave
so everything there so I'm for finding
out so many stories but again I don't
wanna rush you I don't a Russia or what
I want to tell each individual in the
individual point each one of them and to
see I'm speaking to so many it seems
like they're fed up I spoke to one lad
who said that if we went a war tomorrow
if we went a ward reconcile ads and walk
off because they're fed up and they
don't feel what they're defending they
don't feel and if you're in this and
you're working in a public service so
that's all if you're a policeman
I've got policemen from America who just
sent me a picture of him in his uniform
saying hashtag I am soldier X if you're
in the police force in Britain and you
feel you can't do your job because of
the political pressure because of the
diverse your rules within the police
force etc you're not getting the
promotion you're supposed to get because
of all these things show your support to
the soldier I am soldier X campaign
police officers now if you if you work
in the hospital in the NHS if you're
doctors if you're nurses every sector of
British workforce that that's government
controlled they're forcing these agendas
through yeah they're forcing them
through and people are feeling it you
can see they're feeling I can see
they're feeling in the messages on
getting the conversations I'm having I'm
not just speaking to low-level people
within the army within the armed forces
this is all the way to the top I've had
conversations with warrant officers I'll
have a conversation with so many people
this week that's making me realize Jesus
so captains they were just discussed it
disgusted squadron leaders who are
disgusted with the fact that they're
throwing one of our own they're
sacrificing that's what they're doing
they're sacrificing a 17 year old boy's
life and future because of the Muslim
Council of Britain that's what they're
doing they're sacrificing the map and
you can see by the responses by all the
Armed Forces were putting their their
messages up we never leave a man behind
we stand with him they're letting the
country know that are the members of our
forces stand with that seventeen year
old boy though stand with me
what this is about this isn't our
standing with John Robinson it's about
standing with that boy standing with him
against the Muslim Council of Britain
who have signed declarations to say that
our armed forces are legitimate targets
of terror attacks legitimate targets for
suicide bombers in Iraq that's what they
signed the Muslim Council of Britain are
extremist organization that currently
have the leadership and again when I say
the top brass is not older top brass but
there is a problem here there is a
problem just just like in the police
force when you get to the top of the
police force they are politicians
they're not police look at that copper
who sat in his car and watch watched as
here as colleague Massoud murdered one
of his own your ordinary Bobby your
ordinary police officer on the street
wouldn't of sat in the car you weren't
sat in the car at the top at the top
where we have cowards of silver spoons
who are so detached so detached from
their own workforce from their own
community from their own people to
realize the level of anger and
frustration and resentment that people
are feeling due to the appeasement and
the political correctness has been
shoved down everyone's floats in this
country that you think you can get away
and if you're in if you are one of those
top brass watching this video if you
make the right decision
currently your army personnel are you
annoyed in but then your noise annoying
on your site they unite him for soldier
X and that's not going to die down and
so long as I'm out here I'm not gonna
let it die down I'm gonna continue to
push this I don't want to be working
against my own British Army or my own
government but what we want you to do
it's so some respect to your own
citizens who are willing to sacrifice
their life to protect us and our freedom
and you think you can throw them under a
bus like that so do the right thing come
out publicly and let people know soldier
X is not losing his job soldier X has a
career something he wishes to do and
then yeah then there's no need for iron
soldier X campaign well actually I think
there is now think it's gone way beyond
that though because there's so many
problems within the armed forces that
I'm hearing there they're not allowed I
know they're not allowed to join the
Union they're not allowed to spokesman
they'll not allow the voice I'm happy
that voice
I'm happy to bring to the top or
highlight the problems and the
disgusting way that they're being
treated you send them off to war they
get life and Angela what on the worst
case this March on Sunday for the
veterans against terrorism is a march
against post-traumatic stress disorder I
met we was at the services what two days
ago we was at the services and another
lad to come up to me who was discharged
two years ago because he had post max
stress disorder just discharged Celia
without it with without all use of you
without our use of you see you later
that's how it is now you've got enough
money in this country to and even even
look at foreign aid you plow our money
you asked the priest public where they
want their money to go yeah it's not
gonna be to Afghanistan Iraq or Syria
they're gonna want it to be spent on our
armed forces and the help and support
that they need the mental help they need
all of the help that they need
there should be no cost it's not no
worry about money the embarrassment over
the way our country treats our veterans
is a disgrace you compare the level of
respect that American armed forces get
to ours it's an absolute laughingstock
is it's disgraceful yeah an tiem
Chaldees now yet the cost the cost to
protect Anjem Choudary now will be two
million pound a year
whilst we've got I think 60% of the
people in London sleeping on the street
are ex-members Armed Forces and the
reason on those street is because
they're mentally suffering they're
mentally suffering because of what
they've given for our country they've
gone and willingly put themselves in a
situation where they were suffice mental
torment for the rest of their life and
whilst they have that mental Tallman
what are you doing for him nothing but
penalizing them calling them extremists
like this Sunday for the demonstration
you come down on the Manny way I'm gonna
stop running because he's winding me up
but just if you haven't signed the
petition sign it I hope to see as many
as you as possible on the 23rd next
Tuesday the Old Bailey we have a stage
we have a PA system what I was guided
about last time when I come out of that
core thought you people who traveled to
London to see me and I want a shake
individually every one of your hands I
won't leave on Tuesday if I walk out of
that call
until I've met every single one of you
to thank you personally from me to thank
you for the support because it gives me
an immense feeling that well I may go
into prison on my own but I know I'm not
alone and I know that by the masses of
support and I also have a I understand
the public feeling or I think would be
on the pulse so far the tax robbed
politicians just by the reaction I get
every single town and see everywhere I
go so I understand this if you're
feeling you're thinking this and you're
signing the petition you're feeling this
way you're not alone you are not alone
you're a part of a tidal wave of
patriotism they're sweeping this country
an uncontrollable state and there you
have no idea what to do with it they do
not at the minute their thoughts are to
try and shut me up will try and lock him
up in prison ain't gonna work the cats
out of the bag no matter what you do the
cats out the back public feeling is
growing it's growing for patriotism for
nationalism for identity for our culture
you can't stop it thank you
you
