Donald Trump has finally landed in the
UK president Donald Trump has finally
landed in the UK I kind of to be honest
I thought him might never have even
happened it just meet the Prime Minister
our over in Brussels or something but no
he's landed I watched it happen he
landed on British soil and the Lefter of
course going crazy now to be honest I
never would have blamed him if he didn't
come the way that our politicians have
treated him the way that a lot of the
public have spoken about him you know I
was never a fan of Barack Obama and I
was I've certainly criticized him but
the way that Trump's been treated is
I've never seen anything quite like it I
know of course there were protests when
George Bush came over about the Iraq war
and stuff like that
but I have never ever seen anybody react
like this to any US president and I
think it's appalling frankly if Trump
hadn't have come I would have thought
you know hats off to you fair enough
mate but no he's here he's brushed off
the protest he doesn't give a damn and
he's here to meet the Queen and the
Prime Minister and he's got a very busy
schedule before he goes off to his his
golfing Resort in Scotland he's got a
lot planned in the UK so his the
itinerary today on the 12th of July he's
arrived at Stansted Airport and he will
meet the US ambassador at Winfield house
and in fact that's already happened at
the time of recording this and Donald
Trump and Melania and then going to
attend a dinner hosted by school
mistress Theresa May at Blenheim Palace
the ancestral home of Winston Churchill
which has been talked a lot about today
on Sky News because of course Trump has
a lot of respect for Churchill and his
legacy this is the ancestral home of
Winston Churchill and Trump brought the
Winston Churchill bus back into the Oval
Office after a Barack Obama removed him
and that this event they'll be joined by
the Chancellor as well as Jeremy Hunt as
well as business leaders from across the
country but somehow I think that Tim
Martin the business leader and pioneer
of JD Wetherspoons also big Briggs Atia
hasn't been invited surely not then on
Friday he's gonna meet Theresa May at
checkers he's gonna see where the
checkers deal was
badly negotiated and agreed upon and
he's going to meet the Queen at Windsor
Castle Windsor Castle is such a
beautiful place I've been to Windsor
Castle a few times actually you might
not know this about me but I used to
show dogs and we used to show at Windsor
Castle Grounds quite a few times we've
got English Bull Terriers and it's such
a beautiful place so you know maybe it's
better that trumpet isn't going to
London I'm quite glad that Trump is
gonna see Windsor Castle and be greeted
by the Queen and not only that
Buckingham Palace have confirmed that
details of trumps meeting with the Queen
saying he'll be receive a full guard of
honours when they meet that means the
star-spangled banner is going to be
playing while he's there and it'll be
given a full royal salute so it's very
very worthy of such a fantastic
president this will make the Trump the
fourth American president by the way
that the Queen will have received at
Windsor Castle interesting meanwhile the
left would like Trump to think that the
whole of the UK is against him during
this visit because we know that after
coming out in the droves and tens of
thousands tomorrow and they're going to
have the stupid little baby balloon
flying over London Trump won't see any
of this and but a new gov anew poll by
YouGov has shown that actually more
Brits support Trump visiting the UK than
oppose it a plurality supported 37% of
the public said the visit shouldn't go
ahead but 50% the Pope which said it
showed them the rest of them said they
don't know and I'm sure you can count be
assure that we vote out of those people
who said they don't know there are many
people who believe that he should but
the two terrified of telling the
pollsters or a camera because you know
they'd just be branded racist now a lot
of Brits might be scared of supporting
Trump because of his the world the first
often wicked lies told about him in the
press but I think most of us agree on
key issues with Trump about immigration
and stuff but his characters may be just
a bit too bombastically American for
most Brits to get behind so I can
understand why some people don't like
him but Tripp the fact is the British
people a majority are in favor of this
trip and it's in our interest in a post
brexit world it's good that the proper
the president of the United States is
coming here potentially talking trade
deals which were gonna need after breaks
it if the European Union allows us to
negotiate them so Trump has arrived in
the UK
he's meeting the Queen and the left
might well scream about it but there's
nothing they can do he's here he's
meeting the Queen he's meeting the Prime
Minister he's gonna see some beautiful
sights in England and Scotland and
there's nothing the left can do about it
so President Trump if you're watching
this and I very much doubt that you are
if by some miracle you see this welcome
to our wonderful our beautiful country
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
