too many Americans Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation as Supreme Court justice
signaled the triumph just barely of the
American principle of innocent until
proven guilty of course university
professors are not your average
Americans and that's why I wasn't too
shocked to find that one had nominated
dr. Christine Blasi Ford for an award
saying outright that she told the truth
let's take a look
every year the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill gives out a
distinguished alumna and alumnus award
to up to five alumni who have made an
outstanding contribution to humanity in
any walk of life for the 2019 award UNC
English professor Jennifer ho wrote a
letter recommending dr. Christine Blasi
Ford who made the unsubstantiated claim
that Cavanaugh has sexually assaulted
her so what was ford's outstanding
contribution to humanity putting
Cavanaugh's family through hell for a
few weeks and irreparably tarnishing his
Supreme Court tenure before it even
started well not according to Professor
Howe who says what doctoral Blasi Forge
did on September 27 2018 was something
that was extraordinary in how ordinary
it was she told the truth about a sexual
assault she experienced when she was 15
years old at the hands of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh she told the truth
how does Jennifer Howe know this was she
at that 1982 party someone better tell
the FBI or is she trying to do the same
thing - the very concept of truth that
has been done to the term illegal alien
you remember first you could say illegal
then it became undocumented immigrants
and now the new one is apparently
undocumented citizen
fortunately the Trump era DOJ is
swinging the pendulum back on that one a
bit but in terms of sexual assault it
used to be two separate accounts to
separate contentions then there was the
notion of her truth as though the truth
could somehow be subjective but I guess
an unsubstantiated allegation is just
the truth now at least according to
Professor Howe who closes her letter
with by awarding dr. Christine Blasi
Ford as a distinguished alumna UNC
Chapel Hill sends a message to her to
our students faculty and staff and to
the larger community of the US and the
world that we believe her that UNC
Chapel Hill believes survivors of sexual
assault yes but you see the problem is
you don't know what actually happened to
dr. Ford I guess when it comes to hoe
feelings don't care about her facts and
none of this should be too surprising
when you look at Jennifer's scholarly
work
consisting of publications like this
complaint about pink bean feminine
called no effing pink ribbons is it time
for the bow to go as well as English
courses with titles like mixed-race
America and critical race theory well I
spend tens of thousands of dollars on
reading and discussing Shakespeare when
you can instead mold yourself into a
weapon for cultural Marxism am i right
for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus and
mass comm
