a columnist in the New York Times
Ponder's if Italians are turning into a
bunch of racists these days
and just wait to hear what the latest
benchmark is for racism oh well another
new law was achieved by the mainstream
media recently when a New York Times
columnist speculated if Italians are
becoming racists and the reason for this
supposed racism well it all comes down
to border security which is to say
Italians have had enough with people
waltzing into Italy illegally and the
government is finally pulling away that
well-worn welcome mat for those who are
gaming the system even so-called miss
Betty sever Guinea he seems to be an
unofficial spokesman for the Rome office
of no one is illegal indeed there's so
much wrong with this column one doesn't
know where to begin the dissection
process for example he says Italy's
illegal migrant problem is not about the
numbers but rather it's about the
perception of losing control no Betty
sorry it's about the numbers and it's
about the reality of losing control and
just look at those numbers since 2005
six hundred and eleven thousand young
men primarily African migrants have
found their way into Italy illegally
most of whom don't have jobs and
according to Pepe himself when these
illegals finally receive their hearings
and are ordered to leave the country
guess what most of them don't comply
Pepe has a solution though in true to
form it's absurd
you see Pepe wants the government to
issue these illegals temporary job
permits as if there are six hundred and
eleven thousand jobs begging to be
filled in Italy at the moment although
I'm sure Pepe and his ilk have a
tailor-made solution for that problem
too which would be to have the Italian
government create jobs for migrants I
guess hey why not just put it on the
taxpayer tab another thing that's
problematic
this if these folks are refugees why are
so many of them young men where the
woman the children the elderly the photo
accompanying The Times article shows
five men who appear to be in their 30s
oh maybe these aren't refugees maybe
these guys are economic migrants who
simply can't be bothered to follow the
rules and stand in line for their
immigration papers to be processed and
Italy is supposed to reward these guys
for this and as Italy clamps down on
this abuse to its immigration system it
is taxpaying hard-working Italians who
are the racists and waiting according to
Pepe really indeed the colonists also
has harsh words for Giuseppe Conte the
country's new prime minister stating
that the Prime Minister quote must
remember this if his government behaves
in a way the world considers inhuman
it's that for which he will be
remembered end quote huh
so border security is not only a racist
law on behalf of Italians but bar
security translates into a heaping
helping of inhumanity how do you say
give me a break in Italian in the
meantime I wonder if bepi looks upon
owners of private property as being
heartless meanies to after all when I
left for work today I locked the doors
of my house on account that I don't want
any near dwells dropping by uninvited
and helping themselves I'd like to think
this was a print move from a security
perspective but now I must ponder if
keeping my belongings under lock and key
makes me a card-carrying racist as well
for the rebel media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks you may have heard
the rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rubble
with you wherever you go
you
