that is a song by Shakira a Latin
American dancing and singing sensation
but the dancer there was a Persian girl
in Iran a teenager named Maya de hoje
Abbate if I'm pronouncing her name
correctly she's a bit of a star on
Instagram it would be unremarkable in
America were thousands 100 millions of
young girls take selfies and in this
case a little dancing selfie video but
in Iran that's against the law and my
idea has been arrested and forced to
make a confession joining us now via
Skype from Washington DC is an Iranian
democracy activist we've spoken to on
several occasions Erika kasseri welcome
back to the show Erika
well thank you for having me and thank
you for keeping the Iranian people in
the news well it's grateful you know
we're happy to do it because we cover
the news we care about Iranian democracy
for Persian people and what's
interesting about this is that that
young lady there I mean she puts a real
human face our teenager dancing and
having some fun in her own bedroom
a little bit of belly dancing or
whatever she sings her own songs so
relatable I think to people in the West
tell me what happened if I'm pronouncing
her name right to my head what what did
the government do to her well
unfortunately this is how the Islamic
justice system deals with the youth well
with anyone who you know goes against
Islamic law Sharia law so let me let me
start by saying that the youth are
online and this is the only place where
they're able to be self expressive
Instagram and telegram are two of the
major platforms that young Iranians are
using today to communicate with each
other and to communicate with the
outside world because as you know in the
streets they have to be covered women
have to be covered their hair has to be
covered their body has to be covered so
Mada is a is a not as an Instagram I
guess you can say kind of star she is a
gymnast and a dancer and she used a
software called musically to dance and
make videos of herself dancing in her
bedroom to be self expressive and the
regime has been cracking down on you
know young young people who seem to be
getting a lot of traction and have a lot
of followers if you could go to her AG
page she has almost I think it's six
hundred thousand followers so they
arrested her and they forced her into a
confession I don't know if you have a
clip of that I think we do it's in it's
in Persian but she basically is forced
herself denounced to see if we can have
and play that in the background while
while you essentially what she's saying
what is she saying
Eric essentially what she's saying is
that you know some musicians gave us
money so that we would you know dance
you know we would dance and and to
promote their songs we would dance
actually she was arrested along with two
other young ladies who created these
musically videos and they wanted us to
promote their songs and their videos by
dancing through them I mean in the West
that's completely normal that's that's
what gets me about this Erica I don't
think this young girl she's just a
teenager I don't think she said a
political word I don't think I mean I
went through her and not at all and not
one single political I order of politics
was in her videos this is just a young
girl doing what young kids do and
expressing the passion of dancing and
music I mean this is ridiculous so you
know in in the West we have this show on
HBO called a Handmaid's Tale and and
people who very we're very restrictive
clothing are the symbols of the misogyny
of the Republic of Gilead and that's a
real meme
in in women's rights activism in America
but taking a beautiful young teenage
girl who's doing nothing wrong who's not
being obscene I mean she shows her tummy
and some of her belly dancing videos
that's about it and arresting you're
seizing or making her do a force tearful
confession that is The Handmaid's Tale
in real life Erika has this has any
leading figure in the West any leading
politician any leading celebrity any
leading musician stood up for Maya dead
no as a matter of fact I I think that
the reason for that is because
mainstream media is just not giving
enough attention to cases like Maya
death because we don't we don't have I
don't think we really have journalists
who are able to not only you know sort
of cover the social media platforms and
read Farsi or be able to really
understand what's going on and I think
there should be a great shift in that I
mean I would love to see women's rights
activists coming forward and and
standing up for the women of the Middle
East I mean frankly right now there's
been a backlash you're seeing this great
unity among women in Iran greater unity
among women because of cases like Maya
de and others who've been arrested I
mean my day was was sentenced to four
years in prison and 80 lashes for
dancing oh my god it wasn't just the
confession prison oh my four years
prison sentence and 80 lashes this is
how the Islamic justice system deals
there a report has been carried out I
don't I don't have I don't have any
information on that I think the case is
still sort of yeah oh yeah it's really
unbelievable you know what I that's
that's such an outrage I want to I want
to talk about one other young lady and
I'm gonna try and pronounce her name
right you correct me if I'm wrong shap
Iraq azari's a damn she was a little
more political I think I don't think
she's a teenager I think we've got an
image of her taking off her hijab and
waving it around
so this is not a teenager in her bedroom
dancing to Shakira songs this is a young
woman on the street holding up her hijab
on a stick
showing her hair oh my god like you can
see she's not obscene in any way she's
just showing her hair which was lawful
in Iran until the ayatollahs revolution
tell me what's happened to her she was
grabbed by the religious cops prosecuted
sentence convicted etc - tell me what
happened - shap Iraq so Shah Patrick is
one of many women who've been arrested
for waving their hijab in public because
of a campaign called white Wednesdays
and on every Wednesday a woman will go
into the street remove a white Harris
headscarf and wave it in public in
public defiance of forced hijab as you
know in an Islamic country under Sharia
law a woman is to cover her hair as to
not arouse the eyes of a man that is not
her husband and shop Eric was one of the
women who was arrested on revolutionary
Street in Tehran for doing that she was
sentenced to 20 years in prison for his
years in prison
20 years murderers correct she and she
was to serve two years of that sentence
and then be on probation for 18 years so
we do know that shop Eric has left the
country before she was arraigned she's
escaped we don't know exactly of her
whereabouts but she's posted a video
online right now that's circulating
basically saying that she's left the
country because she feared for her life
now mine just she was arrested with her
two-year-old son when she was when she
was arrested so yeah there's absolutely
zero mercy in this regime I think I have
a copy of her video I'm not sure what
languages it's put that up just for you
no actually I think she's we have
subtitles for this one okay let's take a
quick look at her video that she posted
upon fleeing the country
huzzah huzzah huzzah huzzah no Nikki
Beauchamp a little Shambo I see feet
Vadodara Nakia wanna envelop a hijab'
each body across Canada support boss da
da da da da caution Medusa don t
paparangi saws even hook my mother
sanjuana
both have a German official ambos go
Saddam Islamic system nyet
I'm not a John in adora as you don't
have a showdown
dan holly was a michael amon - eun-suh -
did our boss dodge hostage Bobby Donnell
channel on cable remote webisodes end on
robbery de la Frontera me a dollar given
or borrow body here - system Arizona
Iran good man who shot antiserum B&B
room unbelieva and her lawyer was
arrested mean lord sorry go ahead
nasty sue today is a very well known
lawyer who defends the rights of many
women and nastiness sue today was
arrested because of her willingness to
support and to defend the cases of women
like on mr. Feder
well they ask you a question I mean
there's a lot of groups from Amnesty
International very well-known Reporters
Without Borders pen international these
are people on sort of the journalistic
side I don't know if Maya dev I don't
know of journalists but amnesty would
certainly apply there's either free
speech in human rights groups
international women's groups can you
tell me if any of these NGOs have said
anything in public because I feel like
these cases are so egregious are there
any allies in the West I know that
amnesty has and believe Human Rights
Watch has but I'm not aware of any other
NGOs right now that I've made any public
statements unfortunately it's very hard
to to confirm you know the facts because
obviously as you know there's no free
free speech there's no
credible journalism inside the country
so a lot of the information that's
coming out is coming out through social
media and you know sources that are
inside the country that are not you know
actual reporters let me ask you one last
question and I don't want to be partisan
because this is a non partisan issue
whether you're on the left or on the
right whether you're a Republican or a
Democrat a conservative or a liberal we
can all stand behind the democratic
activists and I'm sure they're on the
spectrum too from socialist to
conservative too but let me ask about
Donald Trump not because he's a
Republican but because he's the
President of the United States and he
has criticized Iran in various ways
including on the nuclear deal do you see
any indication that under Donald Trump
the United States is more seized with
the issue of democracy and this
Democratic rebellion in Iran has there
been any activity from the State
Department that would give you hope well
let me say this again and I know I've
said this to you before on your show the
people of Iran love Donald Trump I mean
I have been watching you know Iran for
almost a decade and you know profiling
these various social media websites you
know I think that a lot of the
empowerment and the activities of
protest movements that you're seeing
today is an actual direct result of the
words of Donald Trump supporting and
empowering the Iranian people I'm why
there's me understand well there's a
there's a hashtag there's a hashtag
storm we love you Donald Trump
we love you Trump thank you mr. Trump
because they see him as the first
president that's been able to stand up
to this regime that he's not backing
down and so you know it's it's it's not
propaganda for sure it's not propaganda
I can tell you that that the people of
Iran are looking to the United States
as the you know as the beacon of freedom
to pave the way and I know that the
policy of the United States
now is not a regime change but I know
that because of the words of Secretary
of Pompeo and Donald Trump whether it's
they're tweeting whether it's their
interviews you know they're they're not
addressing the regime they're addressing
the people and encouraging and
empowering them and I you know I would
say that I would I would caution I would
caution any policymaker you know that
wants to take a particular position but
I think that when you know when you are
speaking directly to the Iranian people
encouraging them that speaks louder than
words well that's amazing I had no idea
I had no idea that that was going for a
Spurs basis and it gives me a flicker of
hope and I hope that the cases of
especially of mao-a death who is such an
innocent young girl who has nothing to
do with politics to be arrested tried
convicted sentenced for dancing forced
to make a tearful televised apology I
find that so shocking and if there's any
genuine authentic love for freedom and
human rights in the expressive
communities in Hollywood in New York in
London I hope that that pricks them to
action and we'll do our small part and
spread the word about this Erica it's a
pleasure to talk with you I hope you're
having on your show again I just want to
remind everyone who's listening and
watching to take your freedom very
seriously there are people living in the
world that wish they could live in your
shoes so especially women women who just
don't have any idea what it privilege it
is to live in a free and a democratic
society well said and I I wish every
woman in the West would take that to
heart and I'm so grateful that you were
fighting for the women of Iran and other
places Thank You Erica
thank you sir all right well that's
Erica kasseri and Iran democracy
activist who joined us via Skype from
Washington DC very interesting very
troubling stories but also a glimmer of
hope behind it all
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show Norma
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
