so we have our own admit like we have
our own administration which is we'll
call it like a public community keeps
calling us as a refugee and to keep the
history here we refuse to be about the
Bethlehem in similar yes and so how does
it work with things so I'm now thinking
about if this is a normal town which it
kind of is how does it work with things
like police and fire response where's
your hands like this is like from the
mercy no authority from the authority
person Authority and you've what do you
have a view about the Palestinian
leadership is there a leader that you
want to support or like how does that
work or not not so much you know it most
of the people in the can be I like part
of the political situation I could not
talking about there were a centrifuges
like we we like it's the most people who
are involved with the political
organization political bar protocol
party most of the most of the
Palestinian leaders they are they they
grew up in a refugee camp and because we
are the people who are following and
carrying the story from the beginning
and until now we still active and when
you go to the camp if you ask the little
kids yes I will tell you like his Fatah
Hamas or yes Ali other political parties
will they will they get will some
support Hamas or feel passionately or
maybe would people support Hamas it will
Hamas okay I think that in the states if
I'm a trump supporter I wouldn't tell
anyone because you know a lot of people
have to keep it secret if you're a Hamas
supporter here is that something you can
be publicly and I'm a support it's
totally fine yes totally
yes is it see most people they will be
most of them they have been arrested
most of them they have been in the
prison but most of them they still broad
or strong too enough to say that we are
Hamas yes and would you where do you sit
on that or do you have to live like this
right now no I'm not like scare or shy
to say like I am about to forget
movement yes and that's fine yeah I
didn't know if you had to like have a
position you don't say Cairo you don't
have to but most of the policies that
they are bought of like
maker I'm broad and strong I cannot shy
I'm not afraid to say I am about that
movement
it's interesting isn't it how you say
I'm not scared or frightened to say my
view and I am surrounded by people in
Western Europe in these democracies who
was who couldn't possibly express their
own view that's real yeah like I have
been one of the calibers in there for
three years because I am laughter for
there you have the political live in the
prison so you study you read yeah like I
learn English in the prison by the way I
graduated I graduated from a high school
I didn't know what different with Islam
was yeah your your your English is are
using all use of my time yes yeah I can
tell
yes is this I'm forgive me if I'm wrong
but is this an example of people
visiting exactly this would be granddad
yes
the next step would be and that's why
you see the construction it did not
finish them they come people still
building they're still coming up with
how many stories is this one two three
four five so if you look to this floor
the first one or do we see like let's
talk about that one over here I told you
about like after the tenth hour a grand
like the united nation they proposed to
build for us a concrete house yes so
this is maybe the last concrete house
have been built by the United Nations
and nobody build entomophagy
like this one this room this room oh
this one is sorry United Nations out
there hey hi I'm so tempted to run off
to him I can't even tell you I'm like
and so this one this room yeah this room
we call it like a union like imagine
that come back in the 60 all the Kami we
looked like this this initial this is
what you talked about this Dingell story
example Peyser
so when the United Nation will bolster
built for this for us this concrete
house imagine first refused then we
accept the concrete house but without
the concrete ceiling so we lived under
five or six years with this walls but
with a plastic feeling kind of refusing
this timbre that this idea
say hello I will have the house but no
roof exactly that seems a little great
little yes no no because we refused
I want to chase him but I'm not allowed
okay sorry once alright no it's alright
then you punch I won't be well we will
like lost hope of return or like my
family became more and more on couldn't
continue in daily life in this kind of
houses either they start building in top
of it or demolish it and build a new one
so that it wasn't part of that old you
know but given these it was like
starting again in your new refugee camp
with your with your own homes yes I have
idea I want you to see all those tanks
we were talking about it when you are
there the water tanks and water broke
you were saying that your roof is so
full of Tanks you can't go up exactly
because we storage water like we storage
water like of course we don't have
running water in our day like this
really will give us water like once or
twice do you have I mean I don't wanna
be rude but in your kitchen you have
taxes they and they run with water but
maybe like that could stop or maybe you
don't have enough or maybe they won't
let you drill more no no we don't have
run it like we have it like once or
twice every month but we storage water
in the roof that we have with that we
can have it the rest of the week in your
house have this like vine when there is
water they bomb the water to the roof I
will show you this is make small bump no
we don't I got it I got it
so because this is what is working here
the pump the pump is working here that's
what we can here yes
that's mean those really wanna bathroom
no it's not bathroom it's a sushi what
is it it's a sheep so see people like a
storage the water in this tank
yes and when they run out with the water
in the roof they bound the waiter from
he ate to the roof I correct that we can
eat that they can use them that is the
electricity can because that must be
expensive and we Christie also buy we
buy those really photos
so I use the studying this is cool long
time ago but when I studied in school it
used to be with a huge window tool 2009
we decide the public community to shut
down the windows after many time many
people many kids have been injured by
the Israeli bullets inside traffic like
populist through the windows and that's
why we decide to shut down a close the
window if you look here this is your
bullet house you still see the bullet
holes everywhere in the camp and this is
towards the school entrance of the
school and that's why we decided to shut
down this windows and open one from the
other side and just in terms of where
workplace I'm clearly this shot saying
we're coming from no no no you can see
yeah but you come from the thermal
there's very tolerable dear
sorry just from that tower
yeah come coming closer here you see it
like you see the bullet coming straight
from the pool of course and that that
doesn't happen anymore
no no more no no you don't get what's
coming no not in recent yes I mean no
like was here it was last month the last
attack to the community here if you
looked on all all the houses around you
if you look to this here if you see the
bottom walls look to that one you still
the both phones like whenever you look
around you still see the bullet rails as
a witness everywhere
dustbins so rubbish who how does that
work the united nation are still serving
the education and education health care
and teach it all that so if they're a
hospital do you get a hospital we know
no and we we go to the government
hospital we have one small clinic clinic
for the refugees outside of the cam
running by the native nation yes well
many we Israeli state
no no Palestinian Palestinian Authority
Palestinian hospital
I love the school after high school we
go to the government alone can I ask if
you were I used to be epileptic so I had
crazy things going on but if you were
hurt and there was a Israeli Hospital
would you go in it if it was an
emergency
yeah you could I mean my only fight yeah
and everything would be fine
okay great great great quick and one if
you have a if you dream of if you dream
of a perfect solution like a dream
solution is the solution that you would
get your Grandad's you know not get your
granddad's home back and what's the
dream solution what's the dream answer
what is the dream one state solution
called Palestine everyone you living
here in the same right I mean in
Palestine getting the Palestinian side
of the story if you want to hear more
from the rebel team join us at rebel is
real calm
