here in heparin this is one of the most
tense places on the planet certainly in
Israel the Jews and the Palestinians are
in a constant state of conflict and they
are not helped by an international
community that insists on interfering
with its own viewpoint the number of
NGOs here is endless I've got them
listed the is M R here the tiph the
temporary international presence in
heparin despite the fact they've been
here for 21 years
the ICRC the EAP P I the CPT the
Christian peacemaker team they're all
here and of course what grouping of NGOs
would be complete without the medicine
sound frontiere whom in my opinion are
responsible for providing a ferry
service across the Med for Libyan
migrants and so it's only to be expected
that they would be here in Palestine
stoking up the tensions between the
Israelis and the Palestinians as well
I'm here in Hebron bringing you the
truce that the mainstream media simply
won't to hear more from me and the rest
of the team have a look at rebel is real
calm
you
