the movie Gosnell the trial of America's
biggest serial killer hit theaters and
this is the most important movie of the
year everyone watching this review now
if there is one ticket you're going to
buy this year this movie is it without
question I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood I bet you've never heard of
dr. Goss now but don't worry I didn't
either even though his trial was only
five years ago needless to say if dr.
Gosnell didn't run an abortion clinic
and just for good measure was white the
rights for this story would have caused
a literal battle royale fight to the
death in the Hollywood Hills for which
studio would win the rights to the next
Oscar buzz movie the story is that crazy
however that is not the case in
Hollywood and the media alike have
steered as far as they possibly can
away from the horror case that is dr.
Goss now if you haven't heard of the
movie either no surprise
I mean look no further than the NBC News
Review for the movie and NBC was one of
the many news outlets that refused to
even cover the trial of dr. Gosnell but
hey I'm sure the review is fair right
they published the review by Robin if
you click on her Twitter bio her own bio
literally reads abortion access fanatic
let me repeat that abortion access
fanatic to review a movie about a
horrifying convicted murderer who was an
abortionist NBC at least pretend to be
objective but I'm sure Robins fanatic
like passion for abortions would not
affect her review right well she slammed
it but maybe NBC will continue this
logic for other movie reviews like have
an active KKK member review 12 years of
slave or an open Nazi review Schindler's
List I mean really what a joke but hey
that's no surprise anyway fortunately
there are still some brave and very
talented people still in the industry
that literally had used crowdfunding to
get this movie off the ground because no
studio would touch it before even that
was taken down but they persevered and
great people like director Nick Searcy
and the grand supreme Emperor Andrew
Clavin of The Daily wire wrote the
screenplay there's a reason why the
entire media world put everything
against this movie despite the obstacles
and lack of studio funding Gosnell boast
a shocking 99 percent from viewers and
Ron tomatoes and 67 from critics and
this movie will absolutely rock
you to your core as a movie I give
Gosnell a five out of five Gosnell is
the most impressive low-budget movie
that I have seen in years
and seriously there's one ticket you
should buy this year this is it from the
beginning you were sucked into the tone
and curiosity of this mystery horror
that just unfolds right in front of you
and as events become clearer and twists
are revealed and yet the wrestle with
the realization of did this really
happen and this just brings you closer
and closer this horror show in front of
you that you just wish was from the
twisted imagination of the writer but
it's not and there is also a wonderful
performance by Sarah Jane Morris who is
absolutely captivating alongside solid
performances from Dean Cain Nick Searcy
and Earl Billings as a film this is an
unquestionable 5 out of 5 there are a
handful of movies after you watch them
they leave you changed long after the
credits roll you lay in bed thinking
revisiting deconstructing what you just
experienced movies that can do that are
always in your top 5 Ted bear a great
man and movie critic told me that if you
can make someone laugh and cry in a
movie it's a good movie and this is
undoubtedly true however there is an
even higher achievement to be reached
from the audience and that's what a
moment sticks with you changing the way
you see the world and this really speaks
to the writing of Andrew Clavin here
because of the way this reaction was
elicited from the audience they didn't
use shock they didn't use Gore or
obscenity to get that reaction it was
all done through observation and reason
you see people on screen come to grips
with their own reality and they're
forced to confront it and because the
characters and situations are done so
well you can't help but not feel it
yourself just wrestling around in your
own mind afterwards and there are two
moments in the film that I've absolutely
not been able to shake since I've left
and let me know in the comments section
how you felt after the piano recital
scene and in the Court when you find out
there were other bodies on the Shelf on
real my faith in values is a five out of
five another testament one of the best
parts I think of this film is the
important political debate brought up
through this movie the pro-life and
pro-choice crowds do collide but not in
picket signs and slogans no and that's
one of the things I love about this
movie it's how its presented both
arguments are shown in their strongest
forms and then you become the jury you
get to decide how you see life and the
value of a human soul this movie will
absolutely change your life forever
please go see this movie in theaters I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Holly
did you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
