a British Christian doctor has been
sacked by the government for believing
that gender is assigned at birth a
British Christian doctor has been sacked
by the Department of Work and Pensions
as a disability Assessor because he
believes that gender is assigned at
Birth perfectly rational thing to
believe in fact a true thing to believe
The Telegraph reported on this story and
they said the 55 year old father of four
believes sex is genetic and biological
so established at birth he now claims
his right to freedom of speech has been
denied and he has been classed unfit to
work for the department because of his
religious convictions and the medic from
Dudley in the West Midlands fears many
other professional people of faith could
also be dismissed for simply holding
opinions about genders there are
centuries old and that's a good point
isn't it because why is terrible that
this doctor who was registered from 1989
has spent most of his career in the
accident and emergency room helping
potentially save people's lives and that
he's been deemed unfit for work over
this it's crazy but it sets a precedent
because now if a Muslim doctor with the
same beliefs who will almost certainly
have those same beliefs and maybe maybe
some even more conservative views if he
ends up in this situation or she ends up
in this same situation they can't be
more relaxed about it they can't be nice
about it because the precedents already
set but by the way this idea that gender
is assigned at birth or gender is just
discovered at birth more accurately it's
not crazy
I'm sure you know that already but let's
talk about it it's not crazy transgender
people are an extreme minority across
the whole world not just the West not
just the UK the whole world and
throughout history because it's only in
recent years that it's changed but the
difference here is well the reality here
is the numbers haven't changed really
they haven't but propaganda has
propaganda regarding transgenderism has
been introduced now the people claiming
to be transgender it's increasing all
the time but it's been
patek for literally thousands of years
but it's only been starting to increase
in the late 20th century early 21st
century and in fact the early 21st
century is when it really sped up maybe
even since 2010 we're looking in within
the last decade and a study of us teams
not too long ago found that 3%
considered themselves transgender 3% it
doesn't sound like much but we're
talking about people who believe that
they aren't the sex they were born this
is insanity this is crazy
in an interview recently American
psychologist and family physician dr.
Leonard Sachs he referred to a scholar
scholarly paper how common is intersex
and in this paper he explains the real
numbers of transgender people in the
United States now I know this isn't the
UK but it still matters and here's why
he explains that the male and female
idea might not be binary but it is by
modal so that means that over
ninety-nine point eight percent of the
population are either male or female
with rare intersex conditions making up
the rest but he says in this paper that
when you add up all the people with
intersex conditions the maximum possible
estimate of people who are due
legitimate ly truly transgender or
intersex is two in every 10,000 so
what's the most likely situation here is
it the presence of propaganda or am I
meant to believe that over the last 20
to 20 years the amount of transgender
people is genuinely increased because of
I don't know biological factors I mean
come on the the truth is obvious here
and doesn't this by the way doesn't this
support the claim by dr. Makarov who was
sacked by the UK government that gender
is assigned at birth at least almost
every time the response by the DWP the
Department for Work and Pensions also
backs up the idea that it is propaganda
you know why well he was offered
training he was told he could undergo
training to learn about transgenderism
which would have allowed him to learn
the truth about people who believe
they're the opposite sex and it meant
could have carried on working for the
government this is propaganda in action
when a British Christian doctor is
sacked from his position in a government
department for speaking the truth and
the science about gender we know there's
a real institutional problem you know
the left might well cry about
institutional racism or Islamophobia or
transphobia until the cows come home but
how is it that every time we see
anti-christian anti science anti Reason
propaganda it goes unchallenged every
time the science shows us that gender is
assigned at birth and while most people
are happy to accept people who do
transition from one sex to another it
isn't right that we demonize those who
are brave enough to stand up for the
truth
dr. Makarov deserves our praise for
standing up to his employer and standing
up to the propaganda being fed to us at
every level of every institution the
truth is the truth no matter how
offensive it is if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
