the people's vote is a scam so by now
you've probably heard all about the
people's vote you've probably seen it
actually in the background of live TV
reports outside Westminster with the
crazy people holding the is breaks it
worth it signs these are the people's
vote people these are the the people
pushing for the people's vote campaign
which is a campaign suggesting we should
have another referendum should we have
another referendum well no here's the
thing in order for the first referendum
to be respected then you at least need
to implement the results of it then once
you've implemented the results that
through this democratic simple
democratic process that we all
understand then the left will be
perfectly within their rights to go out
and campaign to rejoin the EU if they
wanted but that's not really what's
happening is it because so far we've
were two years down the line and
nothing's happened yet
and by the way it's worth mentioning
that the EU has a history of having
referendum after referendum until they
get the results that they want so is
interesting that all these Nazis in the
UK are basically just political pawns
for the authoritarian EU project the
people's votes based on this idea that
breaks it isn't working which is
fundamentally a lie because breaks it
hasn't happened yet
it's not true breaks it isn't being
negotiated properly there's the crux of
this they say oh it's it's not working
but really in reality it's the poor
negotiating that's the problem here not
drags it and the people's vote
campaigners say that because it's not
working as they say we need a vote on
the final say including an option to
cancel the entire thing can you believe
it so we vote for brexit the negotiating
is terrible we're told oh it's not
working let's cancel the whole thing as
if the first vote didn't even happen in
the first place and this really bugged
me I've been thinking a lot a lot about
this lately which is why I wanted to do
this video because this whole thing is
misleading and disingenuous it suggests
that the bad negotiation Pro sure
process shows that brexit doesn't
work and that the only solution is
actually just to stay in the EU stay in
the customs union and stay in the single
market but it's just not true
the current briquette brexit
negotiations aren't working and that is
not the same as breaks it not working
it's deliberate sabotage the politicians
every stage have made it impossible for
the Conservative government to put
forward a real brexit deal even if
tourism a wanted to put forward a true a
proper brexit deal the lords and the MPs
have had a concerted effort to stop that
from happening they've done everything
they can to make problems for the whole
process constantly there's so many
concessions that had have been made and
changes had to be made that now it's got
to the point where it doesn't even
resemble brexit at all and these people
who claim the process isn't working are
the people that stopped it from working
in the first place so once they make it
difficult they have the audacity to
claim it's not working and then call for
people's vote the Left claim is
democratic to ask for this extra
referendum but I say the only democratic
option at this point is to implement a
full brexit maybe leave on WTO rules and
allow time for the results to be seen
now some time for the whole thing to
settle for the economy to settle and for
people to live without an author
authoritarianism from abroad telling
them what to do and see how they like it
then and then and only then will I not
begrudge the left for their campaign to
re-enter the EU but I know that the
public won't campaign for that because
they'll be happy with the results I say
this without any doubt whatsoever when
the people who claim that breaks it
isn't working are the people that have
been sabotaging brexit every step of the
way
we know that the people's vote movement
is an absolute scam if you like that and
want to see more remember to like and
subscribe and download the new rebel app
from the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store
you
