roadsign put out a written statement
saying she stood by her accusation but
didn't want to be dragged into a debate
she was done and Trudeau was asked about
this and he said in the most politically
correct language possible
he said she made it up she lied here
listen and tell me he meant anything
different obviously over the past weeks
since this news resurfaced I've been
reflecting we've all been reflecting on
on past behaviors and as I've said I
have
I'm confident that I did not act
inappropriately but I think the essence
of this is that people can experience
interactions differently and part of the
lesson we need to learn in this time of
collective awakening is a level of
respect and understanding for the fact
that people in many cases women
experience interactions in professional
contexts in other contexts differently
than men
so the same thing as before he is
confident he did nothing wrong and you
can believe him because he's been doing
so much reflecting and by the way we've
all been reflecting he loves that word
reflecting because it reminds him of his
favorite thing a mirror that reflects
him back to him so he can reflect on his
reflecting while looking at his
reflection he's so dreamy
but again in in many cases guys I mean
you know women right am i right I mean
especially in professional contexts you
know these women can't live with them
can't live without I'm God bless their
hearts women I'm at apology he made well
he didn't mean that you see it was just
to shut the girl up
I apologized in the moment because I had
obviously perceived that she had
experienced it in a different way than I
acted or I experienced it and I think
this reflection as we move forward needs
to continue in our communities in our
places of power in our places of work
hang on you perceived that it went wrong
but haven't you said around three or
four times that we have shown that there
was no negative interaction isn't that
by definition a negative interaction
isn't the other person's point of view
isn't that what makes it an interaction
and interaction instead of just an
action that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levante show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
