Justin Trudeau thinks he can get away
with sexually groping a young female
reporter he thinks the public will
forget all about it over this summer and
he might be right
Canada's most feminist newspaper the
Toronto Star has already published an
editorial saying his groping was no big
deal
and that we should all move on every
single woman in Trudeau's cabinet is
helping him get away with it not one of
them has criticized Trudeau not one
Trudeau thinks he can brazen it em I've
got a better idea let's remind him of it
every day especially now that the CBC
seems to be losing interest in the story
every time Trudeau calls himself a male
feminist every time he lectures us about
what a noble enlightened hero he is
every time he scolds his political
opponents a sexist let's remind him he's
the sexual predator not us I think
thousands of Canadians should wear this
t-shirt in public to show Trudeau we
know who he really is
that's a satire of the iconic poster of
Barack Obama designed by graffiti artist
Shepard Fairey except fairies picture
said hope with Trudeau its grope and
we're selling those t-shirts at the
rebel for just 25 bucks plus shipping
Trudeau hates this satirical t-shirt I
know that because when I tweeted a
picture of it
the Liberals went nuts they know it
shows that everything Trudeau has ever
said about feminism has been a fraud
just a giant pre-emptive cover-up of his
own misconduct remember back in 2000
Trudeau said he only apologized to the
young woman after he learned that she
wrote for a national newspaper in other
words he only apologized when he thought
she was someone important who could hurt
his reputation but now
Trudeau's not even acknowledging that
much anymore now he's casting doubt on
her story saying he did nothing wrong he
thinks he can get away with this well
let's wear our Trudeau grope shirts
showing the real Trudeau click on grope
shirt dot-com or the link under this
video it's a humorous satire but it
makes an important point a point
rather we all forgot get yours at grope
shirt dot-com the mainstream media love
Justin Trudeau they'll forgive him in
about five minutes
let's make sure no one forgets go to
grope shirt dot-com
you
