regardless of whether you follow
politics you've almost certainly heard
of the checkers brexit deal and all the
controversy surrounding it but what does
the deal actually entail last week prime
minister Theresa May met with her
cabinet in checkers for a marathon
12-hour meeting session where they
discussed their plans for the white
paper for an agreement for the future of
the relationship between the UK and the
EU and the plan was to create a brexit
vision of regs it plan that the EU would
accept and while brexit ears like Boris
Johnson initially rejected it
they eventually fell in line and may put
forward a proposal to the British people
I mean Boris Johnson at first said so
the checkers cabinet meeting they
couldn't polish a turd but he fell in
line but since then he's resigned and
David Davis has resigned as well he's
he's the brexit Minister and he said we
were just giving away too much too
easily but what is this brexit plan now
I wanted to just break this down as
simply as possible because we know what
politicians are right with politician
talk they'll say one thing mean another
they can all stand up in the Commons and
say that we want to break it deal that
works for this country but what does
that mean you know it's everyone says
all we want in the best interests of our
country but you never know what they're
actually talking about now there's about
12 points in this this white paper this
plan but I wanted to break it down in
just a handful of really main points
just to nail home the fact here that
actually this isn't a break zip so first
off let's talk free movement now there's
not a great deal that we can actually
say about this but what we can say is
that the government is saying and free
movement giving the UK back control over
how many people enter the country so
free movement is technically ending and
Theresa May was in the comments today
reaffirming that point we are leaving
the free movement that there will be no
more free movement in the UK but instead
she's proposing a mobility framework so
that the UK and EU citizens can continue
to travel to each other's territories
and apply for study and work so
obviously they're trying to set up some
system here were by people from Europe
have it easier to get into the UK so no
free movement but there's a mobility
framework that makes it easier it's
like the whole system's just been
renamed and in all honesty we don't know
what this means we don't we genuinely
don't know because this is politician
talk we kind of have to either wait
until Theresa May gives us more details
on how it works if she ever will or we
just have to wait and see what happens
if this deal actually goes through but
we can talk more substantively about the
customs issue so this is what the
government says about customs they say
the UK in the EU would work together on
the phased introduction of a new
facilitated customs arrangement that
would remove the need for customs checks
and controls between the UK and the EU
as if a combined customs territory so
here's the brexit ears argument against
the customs union very briefly it's a
system basically that protects European
industries that don't really affect the
UK and Matthew Lin expertly some of this
up in The Spectator in April last year
and he explained that in 2016 the
customs union increased tariffs on
citrus fruits from 3 percent to 16
percent but the UK grows so few oranges
and lemons that it just meant that we
had to pay more so tariffs are imposed
on the products that we purchase but if
we're outside the customs union we can
set our own tariffs or even remove them
if we want and set up free trade deals
on our own and here's what Theresa Mays
now proposing instead she appears to be
kind of a compromise potentially to
solve the Northern Ireland border issue
the system if the EU even accepts it by
the way because let's not forget the EU
might look at this and go now we want
something better and they almost
certainly will because we know that a No
Deal has been pretty much ruled out at
this point but the new system would use
new technology that would track the
movement physically track the movement
of goods and determine where they're
going in a first subject to tariffs this
means that imported goods would have UK
set tariffs but goods goods traveling to
EU members they'd get an EU tariff and
that money the charges are given to
Brussels now here's the problem with
that we want to sign free trade deals
outside of Europe and if we're still
stuck with all the EU level tariffs then
it makes agreeing to fair deals with
other parts of the world much much
harder and now we can move on to law in
this paper the government says
ensure that in the future all laws in
the UK will be legislated for by
Parliament and the devolved
administration's and subject to proper
oversight and scrutiny so in regular
English this means that Parliament can
have oversight whenever we adopt EU
regulations into law so this means that
the EU still writes the rules we just
have to decide if we want them or not
and let's be honest
historically the EU tells us to jump and
the UK asks how high so how likely is it
that we're not going to take on new EU
regulations especially when these deals
this brexit negotiations been so so
tough the EU has been punishing us
making it as difficult as possible and
do what I might to believe that the
government or our politicians would say
no to EU regulations after we've had
such a difficult brexit negotiation
process it just shows how weak the
government is and David Davis resign
over this issue he said that for all
intents and purposes it means the UK has
the same rules as the EU and he's right
so number four the final bit that I
wanted to translate for you is the
common rule book you've probably heard
of this and the government paper says
the UK in the EU would maintain a common
rulebook for all goods including
agri-food with the UK making an upfront
choice to commit by treaty to ongoing
harmonization with EU rules on goods
covering only those necessary to provide
for frictionless trade at the border
basically all this means is that the UK
is going to just stay aligned with EU
regulations and maintain wait for this
harmonization great great politician
word with all of their rules so we
technically haven't escaped EU
regulations at all and MPs will
technically have the final say on
whether these rules are changed but if
we change them will the deal with the EU
change and will the MPS ever vote
against them anyway them I mean this
could also affect future trade deals
with America if we've got common rules
with the EU for instance then we can't
accept the same standards as America and
forge our own deals with them a good
example of this is chlorinated chicken
you might not want chlorinated chicken
but all sorts of things are chlorinated
if I'm honest I mean water and actually
salads and all sorts of stuff like that
so I mean it's a good example but it's
not the key one so just bear with me on
this so
if we don't allow for chlorinated
chicken which is a EU regulation then it
means that we can't strike a deal with
America on trade of chickens and it's
only one of a million different things
but it's a good example because
chlorinated chicken is banned in the EU
so if we have to accept these
regulations in the EU which it looks
like we will it's gonna make it
infinitely more difficult to strike up
trade deals with America so these four
things are really just for striking
parts of this document that I think you
should know about and it's always funny
with politicians you know they they want
to make it look like they're working in
your best interest but they release
documents that make no sense to most
people and they don't even attempt to
clarify when they're on the television
so make no mistake this is brexit in
name only
the checkers plan is brexit in name only
ministers have resigned over this and
for good reason I suspect more ministers
are going to be resigning later on in
the day and not only does this mean that
we're going to have all the same rules
is that you you because we know that the
politicians are cowards and will never
vote to change the rules and not only
does this mean that it's going to be
infinitely more difficult to strike
trade deals with the rest of the world
but it means as David Davis says we've
given too much away far too easily
Theresa May is a snake in the grass she
told us that Briggs it means Briggs it
but she never meant it all along and
while she tries to pass off this deal to
the public as a real Briggs it deal and
while she's struggling with Briggs a
tear n pees in her own party she's
schmoozing with labour s MP and Lib Dem
MPs to try and pass this through the
back door if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
