more trouble for robert muller steam all
metaphors lawyers are not happy with
robert Muller's number two andrew
Weitzman nor should they be
now Weissman is a guy with a long
history of playing fast and loose with
evidence beneficial to the defense
excoriated ins this from a political
story very troubling stuff details
emerge on Justice Department meeting
reporters on mana for lawyers for former
Trump campaign chairman chairman Paul
Matt afford a crying foul over a meeting
Justice Department prosecutors held with
four Associated Press reporters last
year as news organizations and the FBI
bore down on the longtime lobbyists and
political consultant mana for this
meeting
he's very dirty here's what man affords
lawyers wrote the judge Ellis and that
judge Ellis is that judge with a long
history of spanking down the government
George Ellis is the judge you call the
hearing and general Flynn case tomorrow
where general Flynn has to be in court
there's quote the meeting raises serious
concern about whether a violation of
grand jury secrecy occurred now based on
the FBI's own notes of the meeting it is
beyond questioning that I here in
question that a hearing is warranted the
memo of the FBI generated tells us some
troubling stuff the AP shared
information about a storage locker at
mana Ford had with the government with
the FBI and even gave the FBI the code
to the locker very weird
collusion illusion
between between the government and
left-wing media unfriendly to trump
now one journalism expert a University
of Maryland journalism professor Mark
Feldstein said quote I'm surprised by
the access code notation that does seem
rather unorthodox if the FBI memo is
accurate and stating or implying that
the AP reporters volunteered that
information generally speaking
skepticism is warranted when it comes to
self reporting by both the FBI and news
outlets about their information neither
side is supposed to share confidential
information with the other but in fact
each often does perhaps seek
corroboration perhaps to get other
confidential information back in
exchange or perhaps to spur on the other
side's investigation end quote
but could this have been more dubious
but this have been the left-wing media
colluding with anti-trump factions in
the DOJ to bring down Trump and people
around them it sure seems that way it
sure seems that way and it's gonna be
very interesting to see what judge Ellis
does but we need to keep more of an eye
on Mulder's investigation it appears to
be getting dirtier by the minute hey I
love bringing you this content and I'm
bringing it to you live every morning
now on my new show declassified live via
the rebels YouTube channel 7:30 a.m.
every day we go live I take your
comments your questions we do about a
half hour of content a half hour of
interactive QA you're gonna love it
check it out every morning Monday to
Friday 7:30 a.m. he classified live on
the rebels YouTube channel you have a
great day
