I'm in Morocco and I have some
interesting things to report both
positive and negative stay tuned to hear
all about that hi everybody
Amanda head still here in Morocco
reporting for the rebel and I wanted to
wrap up my thoughts here I'm leaving
tomorrow but I wanted to offer just a
little bit of insight into my experience
here which has been for the most part
really great wrapping up from the last
video when I was talking about going
through Israeli security I forgot to add
a few little funny things as they were
sifting through my luggage and scanning
for explosives to make sure I'm not a
terrorist because you know I look like a
terrorist and all but as they were
sitting through the luggage the young
gentlemen IDF soldier who was going
through my stuff said to you speak
Hebrew and I said no and he said that's
a shame
and I was thinking about it and I'm like
looking at me so I my hair kind of looks
dark in this video but my hair in
actuality when I'm out in the sunlight
and in normal light it's light brown so
I'm very fair complected although I do
have a little bit of a tan now but I am
the epitome of a wasp and my Canadian
boyfriend always gasps when I say that
term because he thinks it's offensive or
something but I am a straight up wasp
I'm white anglo-saxon Protestant and it
was just interesting him asking me that
question because as a wasp
there is literally no reason ever for me
to have learned Hebrew I wish I had I
would have helped me a lot when I was in
Israel but I have not also it was really
interesting I had a layover in Madrid
obviously Spanish speaking country when
I'm in Los Angeles and I'm commuting to
communicate with someone who only speaks
Spanish they don't speak any English it
is always very very frustrating because
yes I'm one of those Americans that gasp
clutch her pearls I think you should
speak English in America but it was
interesting because once I got to Madrid
and I
Spanish because I don't understand any
Arabic or Hebrew but I got to Madrid
where I understand a little bit of
Spanish and I've never been so excited
to hear language that I just vaguely and
relatively no and interestingly enough
here in Morocco last night I was looking
for my camel guide the guy who was going
to lead me through the African desert on
a camel I was looking for him and he had
told me a place that we meet outside of
this this square here and I was trying
to communicate with the cops and my
French is not great
Arabic is non-existent so the only way
we communicated was Spanish so I found
that interesting but yesterday was an
interesting day and I'm tired and I'm
emotional right now so if you see any
emotion it's a reflection of the fear
that I felt yesterday so I was I
embarked on a journey from my riad to
try to find the Jewish cemetery this
country at one point was majority Jewish
and now I think there are only 300 Jews
in the whole city of Marrakech
so I attempted to find this Jewish
cemetery got lost the maps here like
paper maps and google maps and maps
taught me which I was using because I
didn't have any cell reception but the
maps are very dubious you will see
something on a map that looks like a
major thoroughfare and in actuality in
real life it is really just like an
alley or a little corridor so long story
short I got lost and I was I don't know
how many kilometers away from the city
centre but I had gone down some
corridors trying to find my way out of
this maze and I was the only person and
the only people that I passed very very
rarely and sporadically were highly
observant Muslims and then as I'm
walking through and I have a video of
this that I'm gonna post on my Twitter I
hear the call to prayer and I noticed
that there are speakers literally just
on the other side of the corridor so it
was very loud and very jarring and very
eerie
and I will admit I panicked and there
were a few moments when I was short of
breath and I was just thinking holy crap
I have gotten myself into a real problem
here now Marrakesh is not known for
having issues the last terrorist attack
carried out I think by al-qaeda was in
2011 but that morning yesterday morning
I had gone down a rabbit hole on Google
googling terrorism and kidnapping in
Marrakesh don't do that it's like if you
find a mole and then you go to WebMD and
try to figure out and of course it's
obviously cancer so anyway that was not
the best way to start out the day by
fishing through the internet for
instances and warnings about kidnapping
and terrorism here but anyway I
eventually found my way out
thank God I was freaking another thing
I've noticed here another thing I'm
probably going to get emotional about
animal conditions went down another
rabbit hole on Google the camels that we
rode yesterday actually seemed to be
treated very well I did not see any
visible signs of sores or anything like
that of course their knees are calloused
because that's kind of part of how they
have evolved and how God created them so
that they are equipped with the means to
carry out the duties and their purpose
here on earth but the monkeys chains
around their neck I stood from afar to
watch these these handlers with the
monkeys and the hand or the the monkeys
had changed around their neck they were
relatively lightweight and I was
watching the handlers and the way that
they dealt with them and cared for them
and they did seem to be very humane but
it's still it's still something to think
about and I meant to look up this quote
before I did this video but I didn't I
think it was Gandhi who said something
about you can tell the condition of a
country based on their treatment of
animals and it ain't good here so last
thought before I wrap up and start
packing to head to the airport I was in
the market today buying leather Morocco
is known for its leather tanneries and I
bought a leather bag and he originally
quoted me I think it's
hundred Durham's and I got him down to
two hundred and he said he said you make
hard bargain and he said where are you
from I said I'm from the United States
he said oh oh hard bargain like Donald
Trump which I found to be really funny
and it was an interesting and
light-hearted anecdote before I head
home I've got a twenty hour layover in
Madrid but I'm hoping to get out into
the city and see just a little bit and
get another stamp on my passport
that's it that's all I got I hope you
all are having a fantastic week so far
and I will be back in my regular Lula
regular studio environment on Tuesday
Wednesday we'll see how long it takes me
to get over my jet lag and time change
and all of that thanks so much for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head for
the rebel if you enjoyed my commentary
and want to hear more from all of us
here at the rebels subscribe to our
premium content at
www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
