so I'm standing in a block of flats
effectively that are Jewish this is
Jewish homes that's a Jewish home that's
a Jewish home this is the Jewish area
there's Jewish flags everywhere all I
can hear a fella come being tortured in
a cell by al Qaeda if I'm honest all I
can hear is the call to prayer from what
seems like about 40 fowls and mosques
right over my head so here all you care
is it not why they must be nails we tend
to do playing quite quietly where I come
from with quite respectful must you
bloody yell if you wanted to talk to me
all you have to do is chop me put me in
a small room and play in call to prayer
from a thousand different mosque because
I can tell you stood here in Jewish
territory this is enough to drive you
absolutely insane I'm here reporting
from Hebron listening to about a
thousand different mosques with their
call to prayer it's not my favorite day
to join the rest of the rebels as they
tour around Israel join us at rebel
Israel calm
you
