David Davis and Boris Johnson have
resigned from the cabinet but what now
David Davis and Boris Johnson have just
resigned from the cabinet I tell you
this is one of the most frantic videos
I've ever done it's been absolute chaos
today David Davis resigned last night
Boris Johnson resigned this morning and
I'm telling you it was painful turning
off my life coverage of this news to
record this video if I want to know
what's going on right now there's so
much so David Davis has rigs up resigned
and it's a big move I mean we're getting
close to Briggs a day it's less than a
year away now and the government's
running out of time to complete the
negotiations with the EU now later today
I'm going to break down the checkers
agreement for you because we all know
what it's like reading politician
talking documents so I've broken it down
into three main points and they'll be
coming out later today and David Davis
originally appeared to maybe endorse the
checkers plan but he's since resigned
saying that we're giving away
too much too easily now who is David
Davis if you don't know he's a
Conservative MP who's been in
Westminster for twenty years he was
pulled in as the brexit secretary and
he's been really one of the most
important Bragg's Atia figures in this
whole process and his departure means
that he's got no faith in the brexit
deal that Theresa May has pulled
together and he's told the national
press that it's his hope that his
resignation will stop the government
from making any further concessions to
the EU and Boris Johnson he wasn't
immediately expected to resign I've been
watching sky this morning and they were
talking about well Boris Johnson likes a
pantomime and if he was going to resign
then he probably would have been the
first one to do it we know he didn't
like the plan because there was reports
that he told those who attended checkers
you can't polish a turd but he seemed to
accept it and kind of went quiet on it
for a while and really led some and
others endorsed it fully Andrea led some
wrote an article about it everyone
endorsed it but Boris Johnson just
stayed quiet which I guess that was the
first sign that he might have pulled out
or resigned pundits and MPs on Sky News
were talking this morning about the
shock they thought he would have done it
first but well it's happened now so the
question now is what happens to Theresa
May what happens to this government I've
just been watching them live in the
Commons and the MPs have been laughing
hysterically at Teresa Maher I've always
said I don't envy
her job here but geez I mean this is
tough the first assumption that people
might make about this is that there
could be a general election but in all
honesty I've been saying for a while
that I wouldn't be surprised if Theresa
May did call a general election again
but now it looks a bit different because
the Tories have gone from leading in the
polls to being second in the polls so
the Tories have gone from 42 percent in
the polls to over Labor's 37 percent on
the 26th of June but now the toys are on
38% to Labour's forty percent as of the
seventh of July so obviously the
checkers deal hasn't gone down well with
the public people voted Tory an
expectation of getting breaks it and it
looks like well people don't think that
the checkers deal is breaks it and I
would agree with that
so this is completely disastrous another
election right now the Tories would
surely not do well the people feel
betrayed by them so what about a
leadership election well maybe in fact
I'd say probably Boris has long had
leadership aspirations of the Tories and
I'm sure he'd like to become Prime
Minister and there's been talks as well
that Jacob Riis MOG might be in the game
for it he's been ramping up his social
media following recently in fact he now
has a snapchat Jacob Riis mark the part
the MP for the 18th century or the 19th
century as they call him he's ramping up
your social media presence and
potentially in a bed for Tory leadership
but what the concern at the
parliamentary Conservative Party even
support them because remember the the
parliamentary conservative party I mean
its majority remain let's face it some
of them say I will respect the you know
the results of the referendum but the
remainders at the end of the day so I
think it's going to be difficult for the
Tories to replace replace the reason may
with a breaks a tear and I noticed
earlier a Faisal Islam was on Sky News
and he mentioned that the cabinet
minister
David lidding ttan was actually as he
spoke briefing labour SMP and Lib Dem
MPs on the checkers plan so it could be
suggesting that the government realizes
they're not going to win over the breaks
it is because they're you know leaving
their resigning and instead Theresa May
might actually be relying on Lib Dem
labor and SNP MPs to pass this
legislation are sorry to pass this
deal with the European Union and doesn't
that tell you doesn't that tell you that
really this is like sneaking the grass
stuff I mean the the Teresa mayor's
claim for so long breaks it means breaks
it and we're gonna make a success of it
and the minute the breaks of Tears say
no this isn't breaks it she's off to the
other side begging for their votes there
could be at the leadership election but
it looks to me like Teresa may is just
planning on bypassing the breaks of
tears in the Tory Party and going for
the votes of the other parties I must
add at the time of filming there's
rumors that Liam Fox might also be
resigning but we'll have to see by the
time this goes out more resignations
could have happened and it doesn't look
good for Teresa May
the only way she could potentially save
this is getting the support of the other
parties and that just shows that she was
never committed to break sit in the
first place if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
and download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
