was the violent assault and subsequent
death of a 30 week baby girl in the womb
of the mother an abortion or murder
well according to Deputy District
Attorney Gina pearl quote there's a lot
of angles to consider
I guess one being that murder is now
legal in California as long as your
mother agrees to have your skull bashed
in by her boyfriend
I've been Davis this is pure Hollywood
now in this new case about an hour and a
half north of me a 30 week pregnant
woman agreed to have her boyfriend
viciously punch her repeatedly in the
stomach until quote they stopped feeling
the baby move
unquote later at the hospital the baby
was delivered from her mother and it was
found that the baby girl suffered a
fractured skull and severe traumatic
injuries that the doctors said quote led
to the child's death and it is currently
unclear if the baby died in the womb or
in the hospital now to any sane person
this is absolutely horrific however here
are a few angles that this Attorney
General will have to consider California
in spite of being pretty open about
having no limitations on abortion
whatsoever only technically legally
allows abortions before 24 to 26 weeks
meaning the baby is viable outside of
the mother's womb and even then 21 week
premature births have been successful
now this baby girl was developed a full
month passed the California legal limit
but because the mother chose to kill the
baby the angle they have to consider is
it's a human right however if the
boyfriend did the exact same act and the
mother didn't choose to do it then we'd
be looking at a murder charge life in
prison and the death penalty in certain
states so is this murder well obviously
it is but here's the mental gymnastics
and willful insanity you must lobotomize
into your self-righteous skull to thank
choosing to kill a baby girl is a human
right in this article some solid
journalism actually takes place where
they actually interviewed both sides of
the conversation a pro-life activist
named Mary leash rider and a pro-choice
leader Jennifer Bloomquist the opening
statements of each woman are somewhat
similar and then deviate drastically the
pro-life leader said quote I was shocked
in wanting to burst into tears unquote
the pro-choice leader said quote of
course we don't want anyone to suffer
violence unquote now obviously this
opening statement is weak particularly
when it comes to the violent death of
the most innocent and helpless among us
a baby girl but they're following
statement is the most illuminating
pro-life leader said quote so the
difference in this case is that the
mother didn't want the baby the baby is
a human being or she's not the fact that
she's wanted her unwanted it is not
relevant it doesn't make her less human
unquote the pro-choice response was
quote we can prevent future cases by
offering greater access and even funding
for abortion safe and legal abortions
not including miscarriages unquote
notice nothing mentioned about the term
of the pregnancy or the viability of the
baby and this is because the safe legal
and rare stance which used to be one of
the platform's the Democratic Party was
changed specifically to remove the word
rare free abortions with no limitations
is the official Democratic party
platform you can find no mention of any
limitations on the entire website so the
only critique from this pro-choice
leader in this whole rendus case is that
the abortion should have been free tell
me this what the hell is the difference
between a woman and her boyfriend
beating this baby to death and a doctor
dismembering this baby girl with
scissors and forceps until the baby is
removed from the womb would the baby
still suffer violence as she so
virtuously vomited in her opening
statement be intellectually honest for a
moment and really just think that
through first she's an idiot
a second the only difference in that
situation is that you're loyal to a
party slogan that's it and the only cost
is a baby girl's life if at a very
minimum you're radical and at least
intellectually honest we can have a
discussion about twenty weeks where the
baby can feel pain and is potentially
viable but that stance is deemed as
misogynist and not a part of the
official Democratic party platform I
mean really at what point does
responsibility matter these two should
be put in jail for the rest of their
lives and every pro-choice activist and
politician needs a better answer to this
issue free and whenever you want to
doesn't cut it when it comes to a baby
girl's life something to think about
nearly every single European country
does not allow abortions past 16 weeks
and what's the us's you asked there
among only seven countries in the world
including Canada China Vietnam North
Korea and Singapore that don't have any
official restrictions on the length of
the abortion why because according to
the left this is a human right no
greater than that this is a woman's
right and if you don't agree with that
then you're a horrible misogynist who
hates women
we cannot let social political pressure
let another murder go without justice
and if you are in the radical left on
this issue and you still think you're
acting out in some form of compassion
ask yourself this when you rally
together and sell
something that at the very least should
be a devastating and horrible decision
maybe you're the monster I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood if you haven't
done it already you can now download the
rebel media app that way you have access
to the entire rebel lineup and can take
it with you wherever you go
