how about now we're getting seven now
we're not getting sound now settings
let's see what we can do
testing nope we're not getting sound now
we have sound now do we okay we have
sound now apparently we are okay so I'm
gonna leave this as is but I'm still not
getting an indication on my end that
I've got sound you guys are saying it's
on but the volume is low let's see how
about now any better let's see what we
got how is the sound now alright but
it's how low is it somebody said I only
have sound when I talk I want to try to
fix this audio for you guys do it even a
little bit better here that says uh
because we need this to be we need this
to be perfect so go to see if we can
make the sound even better let's say we
have sound do we have any now trying to
figure out why you guys do not have
sound and I cannot figure out of a 10 a
- it's a little low
let's try to figure out what's going on
here let us try to figure out what is
going on here let's see if we can get
this working is that any better no
that's no better have no idea why we're
not getting any sound I really cannot
tell you and it could be a problem in
the software let's see what we got here
no we're not going to use that we are
coming in here through this and we
should be well the sound is is okay now
well I'm not getting it through my mic
that's the problem guys don't know why
we're getting this audio problem have no
idea I'm going to check something else
for you
testing 1 2 3
nope working testing how's that got to
be better right all right that should be
working for you guys now that should be
working sounds ok sound is better now I
know we're getting a little buffering
going to try to fix that as well okay so
we got sound alright here we go okay
echo you got an echo now while I'm gonna
fix that for you as well how about now
should be much better right no echo and
the sound should be better now
okay still an echo
wait a minute you still got an echo that
doesn't make any sense at all how about
now on the sound a little bit better
okay tell me about now is it perfect now
you guys if you guys forget I don't know
why you guys would be getting an echo at
this point you shouldn't be
okay all right awesome awesome awesome
cool seems like we got everything fixed
I'm gonna try to fix that buffering rate
now it's what it needs is a strong
backbeat
thanks guys sorry about that I updated
some software and apparently when I
updated the software it tames all the
settings a little bit ridiculous isn't
it and how we looking on the buffering
is every still buffering okay
well everybody same perfect so let's
rock and roll
all right so here's the deal I'm really
really upset about what's going on in
Muller's investigation because now we've
got a situation where Andrew Weissman
Muller's number two is well he's playing
a lot of games he's playing a lot a lot
of games and this guy if you know
anything about Andrew Weissman and you
know anything about Robert Muller the
Special Counsel hey Dixon from the UK
table we have lift-off both of these
guys have a long history of playing fast
and loose with evidence and doing things
that would otherwise seem a little bit
dubious in an investigation a little bit
dubious and I'm gonna try to fix this
buffering issue for you guys it's not
the connection on my end it's something
over at YouTube it's telling me it's not
my stream is buffering at a really is uh
screaming at a very fast rate YouTube's
on their end they're not receiving it
for whatever reason and I'm gonna try to
fix that for you guys but I don't know
why it's happening on their end I have
no ideas very little we can do about
that so I'm gonna see what we can do to
make this a little bit better I'm
playing with some settings over here
being if we can find that sweet spot for
the stream hopefully that's a little bit
better but uh so you've got Andrew
Weissman Muller's number two who's
playing games hold up signs to get the
message out but yeah see guys sorry it's
still buffering on you that's not on our
end I've got all green lights over here
and I'm buffering at the right speed
this is definitely definitely on
youtubes end and I and I don't know why
because they're telling me that we've
got a strong stream I've got a strong
stream pushing out on my end and but
whatever reason it is what it is now
it's not if it's not about a resolution
issue
somebody said decreased resolution that
nothing at all to do with it I've got
green lights all around there's
something on the receiving end that's
not working properly
there's on this end where freemen and
our connections superfast
right so do I have a license to stream
it's the United States of America we
don't need one and the so anyway you've
got this guy Andrew Weissman he's
Mulder's number two he was a Department
of Justice employee he was a senior guy
at the DOJ while now details are
emerging that a month before a month
before the special counsel was even
appointed he met with reporters from The
Associated Press on Paul Manafort and
they gave him information that's chilly
that's absolutely chilling when
Associated Press reporters though
hell-bent on taking down Donald Trump
Rico coin reporters watching from Paris
Thank You Rico it's very very disturbing
when the Department of Justice is
meeting with reporters and they're
exchanging information on Donald Trump
because I don't read well on Paul
Manafort Trump's former campaign manager
now
I don't recall them ever meeting with
each other on Hillary Clinton I don't
recall that ever happening I don't
recall the Department of Justice I don't
recall the FBI I don't recall any a
media outlet all getting together at a
table to discuss Hillary Clinton Hickam
so CEO says hello from the Czech
Republic hey Jacob how are you
how are you but um and Rico coins
subscribe to the rebel thank you very
much bye kicks dialing in Wow viewing
from New Zealand thank you thank you
thank you it again sorry guys about that
momentary tech glitch the it was very
weird the settings this morning were
fine and when I restarted the software
and it changed all the settings with the
update very very odd
oh good it tested it they saying buffers
also happen you to list YouTube is
trying to control us humans well I don't
know about that but not gonna control me
Hicks went to South Africa wow we've got
New Zealand we've got South Africa we've
got the UK the Canada the US Australia
and France
I love the international audience anyway
so you got this guy Andrew Weissman Oh
Andrew Weissman his claim to fame to me
anyway because I I dig deep into this
stuff
Andrew Weissman was the DOJ official who
ran a an allegedly very corrupt FBI
agent named Lindley de Vecchio who was
also Linda Vecchio's confidential
informant was a notorious mobster la
cosa nostra guy named Greg Scarpa Garba
died of cancer but there was a lot of
speculation that de Vecchio and skorpa
well we're more than just FBI agent and
confidential informant a lot of
speculation that the vecchio was mobbed
up that he was a dirty FBI agent
in many old-school NYPD cops tell me
that I did a story on my radio show
about it I did a couple of segments in
de Vecchio who lives down here in
Florida the FBI agent reached out to me
he reached out to me and I had a
conversation with him he wanted to have
dinner over in Tampa he's an older guy
now and he swore up and down that he was
clean and everybody everybody misread
the guy mmm this that and the other
thing anyway I reached out to some old
school in my PD detectives they said I'd
stay away from that guy Dirty's been
telling the same story for years
at the end of the day the guy was never
charged or convicted of anything was he
guilty I don't know but I trusted the
people I knew over the guy that I didn't
so I didn't go and have dinner with him
Greg Scarpa and many other who's now
dead and many other wiseguys the Cosa
Nostra guys well they all implied and
insisted that de Vecchio was a bad guy
much like John Connolly the FBI agent
who was running Whitey Bulger as a CI
Whitey Bulger the notorious Boston
gangster now what did these cases have
to do with Donald Trump well Robert
Muller was the DOJ guy who was sitting
on top of Whitey Bulger and John
Connolly Connolly is still in prison
Bulger's in prison after how many years
on the lam 17 years on the lam and
Andrew Weissman is number two was the
DOJ guy sitting on top of and running
Greg Scarpa in the FBI agent Linda
Vecchia very coincidental isn't it that
Muller and wife's been both were in
charge of operations one we know is
dirty because both players are in jail
the other half dirty Greg Scarpa
with a lot of allegations against the
FBI agent and that were both admonished
by judges at the time both admonished by
judges and you know it begs a lot of
questions so now we've got Andrew
Weissman Muller's number to his pit bull
he's meeting with with AP reporter AP
reporter
and they're sharing information about
manna for apparently apparently The
Associated Press told the FBI about
manna forts storage locker and gave them
the code now look the media meets with
government all the time people share
sources but I've never heard of media
compromising sources to share private
information gleaned from sources with
the DOJ and FBI especially when that
media outlet leans left and has no love
for Donald Trump now this is very
interesting so Matt affords legal team
is now saying that they feel Weitzman
leaked information about the excuse me
the investigation the grand jury they
said quote here's what Matt affords
lawyers wrote this past Friday in a
filing with the US District Court Judge
TS Ellis that judge Ellis is also the
judge who called the hearing for general
Flynn tomorrow general Flynn is to be in
court tomorrow with Muller's team they
wrote quote this is this is from mana
Ford's lawyers but the meeting raises
serious concerns about whether a
violation of grand jury secrecy occurred
now based on the FBI's own notes of the
meeting it is beyond question that a
hearing is warranted it's from a
political story now it says one of the
FBI memos indicates that The Associated
Press did get information from the FBI
at the meeting and that reporters got a
vague assurance from FBI that quote they
appeared to have a good understanding of
Nana Ford's business dealing at the same
memo that's very questionable about this
meeting between the FBI and the
Associated Press on mana for well that
memo says that the meeting was arranged
by none other than Andrew Weissman this
is really bad stuff this is really bad
stuff now I've never been comfortable if
you watch my previous show here on the
rabble off the company classified if
you've been watching a live shows Vivien
Curtis Ellis is SES maybe I need to
explain
people what SES is there are all these
conspiracy theories out there that SES
is some secret service within the
government some deep state it's not it
just is a different pace Cal senior
executive service the US government pay
scale goes up to gs-15 and then it steps
all SES means is that your executive
level so you can make up to about a
hundred and thirty eighty thousand
dollars a year that's all it is because
to be in the GS system you've got to be
a long time government employee to rise
through the ranks SES is when you're an
appointee you're coming into the federal
government they're giving you a paycheck
and they have to put you somewhere in
the scale well you you don't have the
ability to earn because you haven't been
in the GS system long enough so the
government understood that if they're
good will appoint judges and cabinet
secretaries and heads of agencies
administrators SES is just the pay scale
it's also management does it have
somebody asked SES has higher authority
yes because they're managers so I have
friends for example at the DEA
they maxed out their gs-15 pay scale the
government wants to give them more
responsibilities have them oversee
multiple countries for operations they
then go to a training seminar typically
at a at the eff met at the DEA Academy
one of the seminars they do is at Notre
Dame University and all it is is a pay
bump into SES that's all it is
don't believe these conspiracy theories
that SES is this secret society within
the government the people pushing that
stuff don't know what they're talking
about everybody in the White House
working for the president the deputy
assistants are SAS Sebastian Gorka was
SES general Kelly is SES
Sarah Huckabee sandra's is SES it's just
a pay scale above the normal pay scale
just means your management in the
government that's all it means
that's all it means SES cannot know an
SES doctor investigations know again all
it is is a pay scale that's all it is
don't believe the conspiracy theories if
Alex Jones is pushing it disregard it
disregard it all you got to do is go
online and see that SES employee means
the senior executive service it's just a
pay scale in the US government that's
all it is there is no such thing as you
anon none of that none of that it well
you guys can believe what you want but
I'm trying to tell you SES is not a
Secret Service secret society within the
US government
it's just pay and benefits that's all it
is so that people who leave the private
sector and get appointed by a new
president somebody who was the police
commissioner of a big city who might get
tapped the run a federal law enforcement
agency they need to be paid commensurate
all SES is the wait for them to make a
good salary why would the US government
do away with SES it's simply pay well it
is you guys are believing who many loony
conspiracy theories trust me when I tell
you no it is not the Illuminati and
Merck mad says special extra salary yeah
basically basically
in SES shutdown others well they're
their management but so can gs-15 in the
regular pay scale a gs-14 would be
equivalent to a police sergeant or
lieutenant but gs-15 to a captain or a
commander SES is just equivalent to like
a chief in a police department no no and
and if you listen if you guys want to
believe Alex Jones by all means believe
Alex Jones this is also the same guy who
thinks 9/11 didn't happen that Sandy
Hook was a conspiracy theory and that
they're a secret russian air bases in
upstate New York which is an old
airplane graveyard that my friends and I
drove by a thousand times it's not a
secret Russian air base but by all means
you want to believe that believe it and
trinocular says conspiracies are fun
yeah they are they are but that's about
all they're good for anyway back to
Weissman and Muller because sometimes
the truth is even more fun than eluding
conspiracy theory then oh then a kooky
loony conspiracy theory so you've got
Weissman you've got Muller now ask
yourself this if their investigation
isn't bias in that 560 I think it was
some odd page Inspector General's report
why didn't they find any instances of
FBI agents or assistant US attorneys
sending 50,000 text messages to one
another in favor of Trump why didn't
they find FBI agents FBI lawyers
assistant US Attorney's DOJ lawyers
sending 50 text messages in favor of
Trump
why Rico coin report says don't take it
all in do your own research exactly and
if you do your own research on with
things like SES are is you're gonna be
really disappointed that it's not a
secret society within the US government
it's simply a pay scale all it is but it
sounds really really cool it sounds
really cool and make it something more
than it is and remember a lot a lot of
comments today fast and furious
you guys can super chat you can donate a
couple of bucks right there on the
bottom your question will pop up I'll
say amazing things about you and we'll
discuss your topic you uh you know it's
it's um it's psychic says it's buffering
again I know it is it's really annoying
I'm looking at both streams I'm being
told that it's good on youtubes end I'm
being told that it's great on my end I'm
running speed tests something is
happening in the middle to uh make this
buffering happen it I'm getting all
green lights on both sides both in the
youtube control panel and here on my end
and so sorry guys we're gonna have to
diagnose that now white knight fraud
says just because SES isn't what people
think doesn't mean there isn't a deep
state oh there is a deep state look I
always say there is a deep state I've
never denied there is a deep state but
again deep state isn't this dark room
with dimly lit lights and these high
back chairs with cigar smoke rising from
it it's just institutional bureaucrats
who don't want to change the way things
have always been done that's all it is
so is there a deep state that hated
Donald Trump's sure why because he's
doing things differently he's telling
them they're lobbyists and their donors
don't matter as much as they used to
he's taking their money in their power
away that's what terrifies deep State
that's what terrifies deep State
that's what it is it's it's not there's
not a sub government of seven or eight
powerful people no its have you ever
gone to the DMV have you ever gotten
down to a Social Security office
that's deep state just a bunch of
government employees who don't want to
do a damn thing and Donald Trump is
actually making people work
he's throwing everything on its head
Hillary would have come in and let
everything be business as usual the
government would have slumbered along
and everybody would've been happy and
securing their jobs the lobbyists would
have made a fortune it would have
donated a fortune Trump came in he
looked at the books and he said none of
this makes any sense and he looked at it
like a business guy and he started
trimming fat that terrified them
that terrified them how many security
levels are there above the president
well there aren't that's not what deep
state is again you're believing these
conspiracy theories there aren't these
sub government's and secret governments
you don't need a secret society within
government all you need are a few
employees at FBI and DOJ who do their
jobs unethically that's all you need
that's all you need and and it's and
TRADOC eulogy says president is
revealing the little secrets they've
been keeping is what well he is and that
little secret is government is terribly
terribly bloated and inefficient
that's what he's doing right it's
terribly bloated and inefficient
I'm a legend people create content do
research thank you very much
look i-i've always wanted to bring you
truthful analysis right
truthful analysis
and Paul I understand what you're saying
there's nothing running on Paul is
saying that it's probably something
local to the computer on my end I use a
dedicated machine to stream the show
there's nothing else running nothing
else running I'm looking at the stream
on my end and the stream the receiving
stream on youtubes end both are reading
all green lights telling me we have a
good strong stream so there's something
now YouTube is is saying they're not but
now it's telling us it's so something on
their end nothing we can really do about
that as I've got all green lights that
I'm seeing how fast I'm streaming to
them I'm streaming to them at digital
quality rate they're just having a
problem on the receiving end on the
receiving end
let's say a problem with bureaucrats
determining their own salary at being
called greed that's not how SES works
here
they don't determine their own salary
it's set by Congress the salaries are
fixed somebody doesn't come in at SES
level and say I want to make three
million dollars a year SES employees
only make about with the exception of
the President of the United States
20,000 or so dollars a year more than
the GS 15 the highest pay level in the
government pay scale
they don't make they're not making
millions of dollars off the taxpayer
they make just a little bit more than
what members of Congress members of
Congress make $174,000 a year the top
pay for SES is around $180,000 maybe one
hundred eighty two hundred eighty three
thousand I haven't checked it in a while
so it's just it's just like I said it's
just a pay scale a salary scale but
again I want to bring you analysis based
on fact and true what I'll never do is
give you some half-baked conspiracy
theory because it sounds really cool
because it sounds really cool
it's uh it's great and you guys can lock
these crazy conspiracy theories in
believe there's a shadowy government
figure named queueing on who's probably
somebody eating Doritos on his mom's
couch who just has nothing to do all day
but read the news and while you're at
work they read obscure news items and
say this is gonna happen well yeah
because it's already been reported on in
a press release from the NSA that just
hasn't made it to the mainstream media
yet and everybody says oh my god Q was
in sight don't believe any of this
nonsense don't believe any of this
nonsense go for the people who are the
analysts who are digging in a look again
back to the Muller investigation I'm not
gonna sit here and tell you that the
Muller investigation is ethical
I believe the Muller investigation is
designed for one purpose to bring down
Donald Trump's presidency by any means
necessary
Rumph should never never sit down for an
interview with Muller he absolutely
should not the last thing Donald Trump
should do absolutely not
Pollock door says cue might even enjoy
chocolates or ice cream on the couch yes
I think he likes his ice cream is
chocolate he screamed sir ma to bring
him down another Gatorade I'm not I'm
not insulting anybody I don't Pete Gray
says I don't have to crap on cue to be
relevant to me there is no such thing as
cue it's some guy posting on reddit it
is not some internal governmental
shadowy figure we use real sources in
this world real sources who work inside
these agencies there is no 278,000 each
s happening okay you have sessions and
robert muller and Trump are not meeting
in the middle of the night with queuing
on it
this isn't happening sessions was the
wrong guy for the job the wrong guy for
the job they made a mistake and now
they're boxed into a corner yeah 4chan a
chan bored of people who's sitting at
the Ricoh coin report queueing on is a
4chan 8chan bored of people without jobs
sitting at their computers all day eat
chips and suck on their vape pens
exactly exactly and they find these
press and the funny thing is I looked at
the queue and on thing and they would
tell you this was gonna happen today and
meanwhile all they did was research all
the government agencies and find press
releases that had been put out at like
7:00 a.m. they reported on it a couple
hours later and then the mainstream
media did three hours later and
everybody said oh my god queue it inside
info no they didn't there's nothing to
do all day until they went to the
government websites and got the press
releases that were put out overnight or
first thing in the morning sites you'd
never go to because you have a life and
you've got other things to do but see
now MD just said something really
interesting and I was gonna go there MD
says that they absolutely love Giuliani
saying Muller must provide paragraph 1
actual basis for investigation before
any possible interview I thought that
was brilliant on the part of Rudy
Giuliani and if you don't know what MD
is talking about what in these talking
about is that Giuliani said or Trump
will sit for any interview with robert
muller and even answer questions in
writing
Giuliani wants to say that there's a
factual basis for this investigation if
there's an allegation of a crime hmm
against Donald Trump or someone else
there's all they've gotten today is
Russians for interfering well nobody
ever denied Russians interfered in our
elections we interfere and there's they
interfere in ours
that's how global intelligence agencies
work right but that's nonsense
you got general Flynn and Papadopoulos
on false statements nonsense is dubious
whether or not that ever happened and he
got metaphor on financial crime in
crimes from 2006
so Giuliani saying well everything I've
seen so far has nothing to do with the
scope of your investigation nothing
show us show us why you're doing what
you're doing now Jeremiah Mel says
question why are they trying to bring
down Trump here's why and Jake's Wintel
says they're trying to corner Trump but
they go hand in hand and let me explain
they're trying to bring down Trump the
reason that the deep state and the
establishment they're all the same thing
they wanted a Jeb Bush or John Kasich or
a Marco Rubio or a Hillary Clinton is
because of the billions upon billions of
lobbying insulting and political
donation dollars at stake everybody
would have made an insane amount of
money whether yeah Bush Marco Rubio John
Kasich Hillary Clinton or Hillary
Clinton in the White House Donald Trump
and Bernie Sanders do have that in
common
Bernie Sanders a crazy ol communist but
Bernie Sanders would have also thrown
the whole thing on its head he would
have been a disrupter now he would have
been a disaster for America god help us
if it was Bernie Sanders appointing
Supreme Court justices we'd go off a
cliff well I'm not advocating Bernie
Sanders but the one good thing he would
have done is we would have disrupted the
the consultant cabal Trump is doing that
as well that's why they want to get rid
of Trump he's going to expose and he is
exposing every day a few weeks back
director of the Office of Management and
Budget Mick Mulvaney did a great
presentation about the inefficiency of
government one of the things Trump
administration wants to do is they want
to merge the department's of Labor and
education because they're saying look
the Department of Education really does
what the Department of Labor does
education is by and large a state and
local function the Department of
Education just tries to get people ready
for the workforce well so does the
Department of Labor why don't we have
two agencies with two massive budgets we
don't need it let's merge him smart Mick
Mulvaney also didn't understand why food
stamps and benefits EBT is managed under
Housing and Urban Development
when Health and Human Services has the
infrastructure to manage it HUD doesn't
you know why a lot of people are making
a lot of money trying to solve that
problem they said well why pay people to
solve the problem let's just take the
problem and
put it into the solution that already
exists and that's why that's why they're
so terrified of Donald Trump and I
apologize I see this is buffering guys
again that's why they're so terrified of
Donald Trump he's throwing this entire
thing on its head he's throwing the
entire thing on its head now being a
billionaire already trained oculus says
Trump can't be manipulated and that
makes him independent and frightening
well it does but it's not about being a
billionaire is just about understanding
the racket knowing how corrupt the
system in and of itself is that's the
biggest problem mm-hmm that's the
biggest problem for them that's why
they're terrified and that's why you
know I think Donald Trump is is gonna
have to be very uh very pretty chick and
how he handles the Muller investigation
because Muller was you know I believe
Muller was that insurance policy they
talked about you remember some of the
stroke and page texts and I'm trying to
play with the stream here a little bit
see if we can make it more we could
cheat the buffering problem Muller I
believe is the insurance policy Noah
Moeller wants to do is is typical of
what prosecutors do he's got a mission
his mission is to bring trump presidency
down inviting Trump in for a sit-down is
a perjury trap really that way Muller
can say well we don't believe Donald
Trump was truthful and he can drop a
report right before the midterms
right before the midterm Perry Hardy
says she watched me normally but
obviously I haven't done my job properly
checking on cue and you should stop
watching as I'm not a good enough
journalist so no I've checked out cue
quite a bit I also speak to people who
actually work in the NSA and the CIA and
the Department of Defense and I know
many people who work in the White House
the qa9 thing is absolute nonsense so
you can believe it all I say to you is
do your research I've done mine I've
researched it extensively with an open
mind I've found that all of this secret
information that Q gives you guys it's
really open source information that came
out on government websites a couple of
hours before I came out in the
mainstream media but again do your own
research do your own homework on that
find out for yourself
find out for yourself that's all I'm
saying that's all I'm saying
now going back to this problem with with
government it's all about money it's all
about money now I don't think it's
because Trump was a billionaire that's
not it
Rico coin made another donation thank
you very much burning Israeli soldiers
and entrepreneurs well I'll tell you one
thing
Israel has a booming tech industry he
said the real work is done in Israel
project help you burning Israeli
soldiers in entrepreneurs luck Israel
has done a tremendous job in its tech
sector its venture capital sector Warren
Buffett guys rarely impressed by
companies invests billions in Israeli
companies they've done a tremendous
tremendous job over there we're not
Sheila's makes a great point you
couldn't find patterns in any random
data and attach meaning to it you can't
you can't there's a there's a really
really bizarre piece in New York
magazine it came out last night by
jonathan chait he writes about it a
million and a half words proving Trump
Russia collusion and created this
graphic that looks like it was produced
in a mental asylum and he did exactly
that
he reached as far as he could to make
these really really dubious connections
to prove Trump Russia collusion by that
logic I mean I live in South Florida
I've gone to eat in Sunny Isles a
Russian area across from a Trump Hotel
by that logic I'm the go-between between
people inside a Trump facility and
Russians because my waitress spoke
Russian and was from Russia and I had
been for a drink in that Trump hotel
elated a restaurant across the street
you can certainly make those connections
and trinocular says follow the money
then followed the money of the influence
well exactly
exactly now Jersey bear talking about
Trump going into a meeting that if Trump
would you say here and it was a great
point from Snape to wrong date or time
on a question and bingo perjury chart
exactly exactly
from says yeah I met with him on
Wednesday you know January whatever it
was 2017 it was a Wednesday oh no it was
a Thursday January whatever on Thursday
you lied to federal investigators and
that's exactly what they're gonna do
that's exactly what they're gonna do so
Giuliani's right Julian tribal look it
doesn't only doesn't begin and end with
Trump right we're seeing we're seeing
conservatives attacked Mitch McConnell
now look I'm no fan of Mitch McConnell
alright but the guy should be able to go
eat lunch
the guys should be able to go eat lunch
in Louisville Kentucky his hometown and
he tried but now a groups of protesters
we saw this happen in Scott Pruett last
week before he resigned
now groups of protesters ready with
cameras or harassing conservatives this
never happened to Obama administration
officials ordered Democratic members of
Congress it doesn't happen though right
is not unhinged Eve Bannon was harassed
in a bookshop in Richmond Virginia
the police had to be called on the
people the woman who started harassing
Bannon in the bookstore the owner had to
call the police the owner of the
bookstore says Steve Bannon was simply
standing looking at books minding his
own business I asked the woman
confronting Bannon to leave and she
wouldn't the owner then said I'm going
to call the police if you don't she he
went to call the police she left he says
that's the end of the story so a guy who
worked in the Trump administration who
had a falling-out with Trump can't even
go to a bookstore
that's how unhinged and dangerous the
left is there's something really really
wrong
really really wrong and more and more
people are realizing that queuing on is
just this nonsensical scam you know and
the reason I get I I spend time on this
is there are a lot of people like me out
there who work really hard to research
these topics and we want to bring you
great information and we research and we
talk to sources and we dig in we tap our
own experience I've got 20-plus years
working in law enforcement alongside as
a consultant with federal agencies and
reporting on it we tap all of this
experience we talked to people still
inside deep deep inside federal law
enforcement and DOJ we try to bring you
the truth and then these random accounts
make stuff up because it sounds cool and
thousands upon thousands of people
because we're telling them things they
might not want to hear where the cue and
on says Jeff Sessions is a white night
and he Muller in truck meet in the White
House at 3 o'clock in the morning well
it's what they want to hear and so
they'd rather go to what they want to
hear that's not the truth and hear the
truth which is sad because when you get
the truth you can work to fix the
problem you can work to fix the problem
but if you only want to hear conspiracy
theories and craziness well the problem
is really not gonna get solved right
because if you're out there telling
everybody no Jeff Sessions a silent
assassin and he's working for Trump
behind the scenes but he's not he's not
so what you're actually doing when
you're on Twitter
telling people cue said Jeff Sessions is
playing 278 DHS you're helping Muller
you're helping the deep state
you're helping the people that you want
to work against and that's really really
sad because our country is in a crisis
there is a massive crisis of confidence
with our federal law enforcement
agencies and torts our federal law
enforcement agencies it's really
dangerous for the United States really
really bad for this country it's tragic
and when these conspiracy theory
lunatics give you really bad information
it makes it worse
that front trying to throw you off the
scent remember when you get attacked if
you watch those of us who say Jeff
Sessions is very weak
that he needs to go and the reason Jeff
Sessions is in going isn't because of
some grand conspiracy or information on
Trump Jeff Sessions was in the Senate
for a very long time he still have a lot
of never Trump errs in the Senate a new
Attorney General has to be confirmed by
the Senate in Mitch McConnell has most
likely made it very clear to Donald
Trump
that they will not get confirmed to
leave Jeff Sessions alone though from
good should appoint a second special
counsel I don't like special counsels
but that's what he should do that's what
he should do really I don't know I think
he's getting very bad advice from White
House Counsel Don McGann I think Don
McGann is a tepid guy he's overly
cautious overly cautious and Donald
Trump needs to maybe when Magana exits
he will soon he's been there a year and
a half he wants to go out and make real
money again he's making that SES level
about 180 grand a year he couldn't go
out now and make millions
he's probably gonna do that Trump needs
a bulldog somebody loyal to him as White
House Counsel he needs a bulldog
somebody loyal is AG but again they're
not gonna get confirmed all right but
going out there and saying Jeff Sessions
is the greatest thing and he was and he
and he used a silent assassin behind the
scenes I'm sorry just silly
yes silly he pops up on immigration
ms-13 and legal weed and asset seizure
then he disappears he does nothing
nothing with regards to the control
he's lost of the Department of Justice
and it's honestly quite tragic it's
really tragic it's sad actually
but so let's see Jacob says you were on
the US on vacation you knew something
was not as it should be oh it's still an
amazing country it's great Rico coin
says you lived in Wellington Jimmy
Wellington
you mean Wellington Florida or
Wellington Australia or another country
let's see peep in he and Huber will
bring down the hammer hammer a second
special counsel just drag this out until
it goes away all right let's talk about
you burr and what he is Huber is a
special prosecutor all he is is the US
Attorney from Utah that was given an
extended geographical mandate that's it
not bringing anything down you know why
he reports per Rosenstein yeah he report
I mean he still works for rod Rosen
Stein as the DOJ is number two Huber
isn't doing anything anything
Huber's not doing anything Huber was
brought in to work alongside DOJ should
criminal charges be referred by the
inspector general pursuant to their
report Huber might charge Andrew McCabe
Huber is not some behind-the-scenes
aggressive Bulldog no he reports the
Rosenstein that's the story they're not
telling you Jeff Sessions appointed him
but because Rosen seed is the number two
and really the operational guy in Theo
Jay really runs the OJ he's the Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has checked out
Huber's not gonna do anything he would
have done it already he would have done
it already
but Hillary Clinton isn't charged whom
Abidine is in charged Cheryl Mills isn't
charged the guy who handled hillary
server is in short they were lied under
oath
none of them are charged general Flynn
and Papadopoulos already plead they
already plead it out
no you were is not doing anything
nobody's gonna pay the price because
Jeff Sessions is paralyzed and Rob
Rosenstein is complicit this is what
people need to start realizing there is
no grand secret conspiracy happening in
DOJ are you seeing anybody prosecuted
for harassing the officials now
are you seeing people like Maxine Waters
censured by Republican congressional
leadership or calling for violence no
and you won't because they love it Paul
Ryan is at heart a Democrat Mitch
McConnell believes in big government
john mccain admitted he was a globalist
they have no interest in reprimanding
these people none none none at all
that's the problem that's really the
problem and the sooner we as
conservatives realize it
soon as we realize it will be better off
and we'll start pointing out the bad
actors white knight fraud says welfare
is already shredded the minority
communities to create dependence it
really has when when the the Democrats
need people on welfare right and I
talked about this last week if you're on
welfare then they give you food clothing
and shelter and they take your guns they
give you protection and then you are
dependent on the state forever and the
United States falls off a cliff and can
never never recover thank god Trump's in
the White House thank God we're getting
a Supreme Court pick tonight at 9:00
p.m.
I personally think it's gonna be either
Cavanaugh or Barrett but I think however
from peasantry of kinda throwing you a
curveball
you'll throw your curveball and it could
be somebody else it could very very
easily be somebody else oh I wouldn't
get too well I'm not gonna get too cozy
and thinking it's gonna be Cavanaugh
Barret
I have heard a very interesting analysis
on each of them one is that Barret
believes in government he's conservative
the other is that Cavanaugh is much more
libertarian and it's an absolutist on
the second amendment so I like things
about them both Barret is a big
religious liberty and freedom person
having a more libertarian
constructionist originalist with regards
of the Constitution Jacob so CEO says
Europe is becoming an Orwellian society
please for shaking down right-wing
people's homes and control my most
information
that could happen here we can't let it
it could certainly happen here and pull
the tour says lots of those Democrats
sound nuts in comparison to regular
folks well yeah here's why right the
Democratic Party has gotten so far left
it falls off Nancy Pelosi's house in San
Francisco every morning when it wakes up
guys like Tom Perez and Keith Ellison
who run the DNC have very little in
common with working-class Democrats
they have with the working-class
Democrats and I don't know what's gonna
happen but I think that November is
going to be a bloodbath for the
Democrats I think the midterms are gonna
be disastrous john Zeeland is asking me
though I think that Theresa May his days
are numbered with the brexit and brexit
fraud I don't know I was reading a lot
about this this morning I'm but I am
watching this I don't know she's gonna
survive this my gut says maybe but let's
let information trickle out over the
next couple of days let's see what else
we've got here
um let's see all the NGOs are used to
orchestrate the agenda and
non-governmental to an extent to an
extent you've got some very good ones as
well here in the US you have
nongovernmental is like the National
Center for Missing and Exploited
Children they do amazing amazing work
the recovery rate of abducted kids true
story went from 4% in the 1980s when
they used to be missing kids on milk
cartons to 96 percent as of 10 years ago
it's probably higher now when I worked
with Nick Mac the National Center for
Missing Exploited Children in 2008 the
recovery rate was 96 percent due to
technology law enforcement cooperation
so there are NGOs out there that do a
tremendous tremendous job hopefully that
rate is closer to 98 percent now that's
was their goal that well their goal was
a hundred percent but there is no 100
percent solution in law enforcement
let's see mm-hmm US soldier killed an
insider attack in Afghanistan Patrick
Max that share was a young corporal
based out of Fort Benning Georgia I
believe I think was for bending before
Bragg North Carolina he was with the
security forces young guy it was tragic
young guy let's see that I see that
Sadiq Khan approved for the Trump yeah I
saw that balloon be Khan approved when
Trump arrives in the UK it's a big
orange snarling baby-to-be Khan is a
snarling baby he's a terrorist
sympathetic mayor he's London's version
of Bill DeBlasio in New York with a
sprinkling of radical Islamic terror
sympathy terrible terrible guy but look
Londoners elected him you get the
government you deserve you get the
government you pick
Londoners seem to be okay with a mayor
who sympathizes with radical Islamic
terror I don't know why they would be I
wouldn't be I wouldn't be
government tried to give you a
disability check for your eyes but your
mom said no you're capable of doing
things without government help Jeremiah
Mail Jeremiah
that's exactly spirit I used to watch
people when I was a cop on disability
who weren't in better shape than I was
what happened well I worked for the New
York City Public Schools and I carried a
box of books and I hurt my back I'm like
I really I fell down a fire escape
yesterday wrestling with a bad guy I'm
all bruised up I think I broke my hand
I'm at work I mean you know it all goes
to State of Mind Haiti let me see if I
can pronounce Katie's Koch's name
properly let's see wish Jarek did I get
it right
touch your wish direct koenings exactly
welfare it was created to help during
the Depression he should have been
cancelled in the 50s now we have people
coming over from other countries to live
on welfare yes yes
I'm all for a helping hand if people
need to step up but it should not be a
paycheck forever it should have an
expiration date there needs to be a work
requirement needs to be anybody against
Ed as a Democrat who wants to keep
people on the public dole so they can
control them
murk man says Londoners didn't electron
the Islamist says in his electorate
voted him in we wanted 50,000 of them
well Londoners need to rebell they need
to rebel mm-hmm
they need to rebel hi I'm sick of making
excuses for this lung that is a big city
if Londoners don't want the deaqon vote
them out
vote him out the next Pakistan is lund
understand you know it's sad to see what
happened to London but then again I
speak to many many people from the UK
and they all tell me like the US isn't
like New York City isn't representative
of the u.s. London isn't representative
of the UK and I've come to realize that
we can't stereotype nations because of
the liberal big cities we really can't
trakula says welfare is a charity
without a face or a heart with an agenda
I agree I agree totally totally agree
welfare is one of the worst things that
ever happened to America
and it is definitely the worst thing
that ever happened to the black
communities in America that he's like
Detroit Baltimore have been decimated
because of the entitlement culture
nobody's motivated to do anything
they're not motivated to work to produce
at all it's terrible okay
my great-grandfather Merc Merc mad says
own property in London that gave him the
right to vote and I think we should
return to that system well I'm not a fan
of people just don't need property and
and being able to vote I want everybody
to have representation I know there are
plenty of military families out there
young military families here in the US
people say well if you don't own
property shouldn't be able to vote a
private in the military makes about a
thousand dollars a month twelve hundred
dollars a month they can't afford to buy
property said they should go put himself
in harm's way and not be able to vote no
I don't like that innocent should be
able to vote and it should be my choice
the owned property I shouldn't lose my
vote if I choose to invest my money in
gold and not in property I shouldn't
have to own the government shouldn't
tell me what I have to own in order to
do provide me my constitutional right to
vote I've never liked that argument of
property ownership per vote why should I
have to buy something I don't want to
buy it's like Obamacare government
should never tell me I have to buy
something whether it be land or
insurance it's for me to for me to enjoy
my constitutional rights my god-given
constitutional rights
okay MDS anything new on the Scott
Israel front at the state level are
still in waiting mode the British Scott
Israel being the sheriff of Broward
County Florida of course who botched the
Parkland shooting response what I'm
being told at a Tallahassee in the
Florida State Capitol is that there's a
very very very good chance high
probability we're gonna get some news
this week as early as today or tomorrow
and as soon as we do I'm gonna be
talking all about it whenever that
happens on the next show on the next
show pique says I don't say all Muslims
are terrorists but most of most of them
which caught in terrorist activities a
Muslim yes yes oh um is foreign a way to
predominant terror catalyst in the world
anybody try to tell you it isn't they're
lying to you
but in the USA is it true that people
who are simply in the country are
allowed to vote
no that's voter fraud you have to be a
citizen in the United States to vote
you've got to be a citizen now the
Democrats would love to open the vote to
illegals but legally you need to be a
citizen here in the United States vote
um grumps Easter statement about the
White House being in tip-top we like to
say tippy top shape was a direct answer
to an anon no it wasn't no it wasn't no
it was in this bill eNOS before it was
it would there were nine hundred
mainstream media articles on turmoil
inside the White House it was not due to
queuing on hosting a question on 4chan
already not mm-hmm John Zeile and Eric
Bolling tweeted just now that Trump is
draining swamps both domestic and
foreign keep draining commander Eric's
right Eric Bolling is a very good guy
went through a family tragedy losing his
son he's doing an exceptional job
considering and and a good guy as well
but he's right Trump is draining the
hell out of these swamps
you live in Paris Rico but you can vote
in EU well that's a completely different
system completely different system
Jacob asks how many Muslim terrorists
are in the US I have no idea I have no
idea hopefully none but we know there
are some cells operating here
um let's say
LaRhonda that like this patrick max
toronto on record for highest number of
murders guns all saying from us give me
a break
give me a break nobody's taking our guns
murderers kill people guns don't
and murder happened long before guns
were invented tying guns to murder is
hilly silly
uh let me see let's see gone from left
field have you been following this
project of Sandra now operates in
reciprocity story about the Obama
interference in the drug war versus
Hezbollah Taliban yes I in fact know
some of the DEA agents who were involved
they are livid
they are livid and I'm gonna be going
into it cuz I only have like three
minutes left here I'm gonna be going in
operation to Sandra if you don't know
what it is the DEA had an operation to
take down Hezbollah Hezbollah is a
multi-billion dollar drug cartel as well
as a terror group Obama's DOJ refused to
prosecute the facility they ran this out
of secret facility in Chantilly Virginia
I know some of the agents involved up
knotch Street agents New York field
office Miami the best of the best
they made an amazing case Obama's DOJ
would not go after the bad guys it was a
great question and something we're gonna
be talking about on future shows
uh bloodmoon somebody's talking about
blood moons you need to use guns to get
rid of guns so you promote guns if
you're against guns I don't know what
that means but I like my guns nobody's
come in near nobody nobody's coming near
yeah as 1422 says I have no problem with
Arabs Pakistanis etc Islam as a doctrine
that can be read and the expectations
are clearly written Islam is a state
theocratic ideology possible existential
threat
Arab is an ethnicity Arab Christians are
some of our best friends Arab Jews some
of our best friends in the war on terror
they are being persecuted our best
friends in the war on terror even our
Muslims over in countries like Jordan
it's it's the Sunni that Wahhabist a
Saleh fist Muslims the radicals that
we're worried about that we've got to
stay focused on
and well murk mad says you have atomic
terrorists in Australia everybody there
all over the world they are all over the
world and varying red beard says
hardcore Islam assists our Lamas --tz--
Muslims Islamist was a word made up
during the Obama administration to
sanitize things Muslims are the issue we
have them in the UK
Jeremih luckily nobody in the US can
take our guns we're getting a more
conservative Supreme Court not less
we're going to be fine
handin seized in toronto from gangs
actually purchased in florida from gangs
from gangs meaning bad guys muggle them
you don't you don't infringe on the
rights of 335 million americans because
bad guys are acting like bad guys bad
guys are gonna always act like bad guys
criminals are gonna always be criminals
they're always gonna be they always who
are guys was an awesome day sorry about
those tech issues early on in the show
I'm gonna be back with you 7:30 a.m.
tomorrow morning you be here with me
we're gonna be talking about maybe I
will do the operation Cassandra story
tomorrow and unless we're gonna have to
do the Supreme Court pick cuz they're
gonna break tonight if anything
interesting breaks with Muller or Scott
Israel I'll do that but we'll definitely
get the operation Cassandra this week we
definitely will as always thank you guys
so so much for watching I will see you
tomorrow morning right here 7:30 a.m.
under classified live
