well I'm in Jerusalem and behind me is
the holiest of holy sites Temple Mount
is home to the Alaska mosque the Wailing
Wall standing with me now is dr. Ron
Wexler and dr. Wexler what is your title
placer president of the Heritage Study
programs okay and now the big question I
think our audience wants to know is what
has changed in terms of those making a
pilgrimage to Temple Mount
those just visiting it as tourists going
back years ago as it exists today well
ironically not too many people came here
on a pilgrimage before 1967 obviously
the the shrine and the mosque where he
since 1400 years ago but it wasn't
considered such a holy place everybody
knows but Mecca and Medina very few came
to Jerusalem
however after 1967 when Israel to
control and sovereignty over the
mountain people started to claim that
this is a very important place and
demands were put on Israel to allow
people to come here on pilgrimages can
you give us an idea of the kind of I
guess accommodation to Islam that has
been made in recent years in terms of
coming on their site well immediately
after the six days war decision was made
to give the management of the mountain
to the walk which is basically the the
Islamic headquarters in Jerusalem and
all over Israel in the beginning it
seemed to have worked rather well they
loud visits they allowed people to come
in to the shrines and the mosques but as
you start to go buy those things changes
specifically after the Oslo accord when
nationalism became a big issue here so
was the sovereignty over the mountain
restrictions started to come on a daily
basis starting from modesty and ended up
with Jews not allowed in the mountain to
pray that was really the tipping point
the Oslo Accords and we were there
earlier dr. Wexler and it was a
fascinating sight to see it was a small
party of Jewish men coming into the the
Temple Mount area where the mosque was
and it was under armed guard and as I
understand it they're not even allowed
to silently voice prayers that's one of
the conditions of having passage here
well not praying on the mountain is not
uniquely to the Jew non-muslims cannot
put on a mountain so when we come here
with a group of Christians they are not
allowed to pray here either and not even
bring any relics of any kind people who
display crosses would be stopped and be
told to remove or any was a reserve
anything of Christian symbols
however with the Jews is it's a
hundredfold the Jews are allowed to come
to the mountain only with groups of
twelve at a time and they've been given
about twenty minutes there for two out
the day or the time that they allow
people to come period which is about
four hours a day
very very few Jews can come when they
come they provoke a lot of animosity on
the mountain the Muslims try to make
sure that Jews not only pray but not
even mimic anything that could be
considered as pray so if the lips are
moving they come and stop them to make
sure that the Jews are safe for every
Jew that come to the mountain and there
are only 12 at a time
there will be 12 policemen or armed
forces that will go with them to protect
them and they are there for their
protection
wisdom there will be also the Muslim
security guys however lucky for us they
are not allowed to carry arms dr. Wexler
I think people watching this video and
hearing your comments must be absolutely
baffled this site is in the State of
Israel Israel is a sovereign nation this
seems to me to be a case of the tail
wagging the dog
in terms of a religious minority laying
down all these rules of engagement in
order to come visit a site that is in
the sovereign Jewish state of Israel it
doesn't add up to me what's your take on
this this doesn't add up to me either
it's a cry for generation it's a
political decision that was made King
Hussein at the time got to be the patron
of the Temple Mount so there's not only
a political issue there's also a
cultural issue here too so many ways
that there's an apple about what's going
on here it is our Mountain Ben our
Mountain
unfortunately we witnessed Justin last
year that UNESCO declared it to be a nun
Jewish heritage place I know in Jewish
heritage they only recognize the
dominance of Islam here at Temple Mount
that's correct
Jerusalem is a hole in the Temple Mount
were declared as a non Jewish here with
its places by UNESCO well thank God we
have a new president in the United
States of America and and and the
ambassador of the United States in in in
the United Nations is making an offer an
awful lot of noise about it and I don't
think that any declaration of UNESCO
worthwhile the papers both the paper
they're written on however that's the
case yes this is a sovereign Israel what
we're seeing here this is part of Israel
yet we gave the Muslims the opportunity
to manage the place and that's that's
what they turn the place to be well
there you have it folks I mean that's
the end result isn't it of reasonable
accommodation and acquiesce meant and
outright capitulation is there any
thanks to this to what the Israelis are
doing for all this accommodation no so
perhaps a cautionary tale for us in the
West as we too are continually given
demands by radical Islam to reasonably
accommodate this ideology
from Temple Mount I'm David the Ben Zoid
menzies for rebel media hey folks some
of your favorite rebels are right here
in Israel and we're filing reports that
daily please visit rebel Israel calm and
get the latest from the Holy Land
you
