now a ton what about yourself you had a
heck of an adventure today I understand
yeah so normally I would go and do
behind this or the scene sorts of things
and I tried to keep that up today but I
was did a more of a production role
Katie Hopkins myself and one of our
cameramen went to heparin which is home
of Abraham it's where Abraham's sort of
patriarch of Christianity Judaism and
Islam is buried along with some other
family and according to legend Adam and
Eve are buried there too so it's a
contentious city because Jews have a lot
of history there and claim rights to the
land but the land is in the West Bank or
Judea Samaria and certainly it has a lot
of Palestinians there too and those
people they literally live in between
each other and over each other and
theirs it's been quiet for a while now
but there's been a lot of terror attacks
so it was certainly an interesting day I
understand that you had to buy some
quiet otherwise some kids were gonna
ruin the shot right well so when we went
over to the Palestinian side a couple
things stood out certainly the first
thing is that unlike going into the
other parts of Palestine of our West
Bank or whatever you want to call it
where normally with a Canadian passport
I'm allowed to do these things Israelis
aren't allowed to go into those spots
but as a Canadian I can hear I was
actually asked what is my religion and
now I'm Jewish so I had to lie and say
I'm a Christian and I have a very I
think I look very Jewish and was a
little nervous walking around wait a
minute what does that mean you look
Jewish
I'll let the viewers decide for
themselves well I'm serious note though
attend were you at all afraid for your
safety while you were in that territory
you know why I'm a bit of no I'm gonna
pretend I'm a man and very strong so no
of course I was never scared but
certainly the very so after pretending I
was a Christian and being able to go and
the first thing that obviously no would
never terrified me was I was chased
around from a little kid with a dead
mouse on a stick and I was course was
not scared and of course you can't see
that
in any footage that we recorded of me
running no star bets started don't touch
me now but then also immediately after
that as I continued walking people kept
coming up to me and saying you look
familiar
no I've never been to there before and
certainly was Auden especially the
second time it happened from someone
else
I think Katy even noticed like is what
is going on is this sort of talk for you
look like a Jew what are you doing here
or do I look like you know someone very
famous who happens to go to have run all
the time and is standing gentlemen
beautiful
I suspect that yeah maybe Liev Schreiber
no it's probably too jewy yeah probably
Oh nobody gilfer Godfrey perhaps but
what's really I so was I scared I was
certainly nervous I'd had some previous
experiences and I'd been warned by a lot
of people not to go in not to go in as a
Jew so I'd certainly take their advice
there there's terrorists there's
stabbings that happen there's
kidnappings
these things aren't foreign katie is a
very brave journalist and she keeps up
keeps the fire going I'm not gonna I'm
not going to not keep up with her but
certainly at one point when I was
getting down someone's name that we
interviewed and she turned the corner
she laughs at how quickly I tried to run
so as not to lose them okay for me and I
even had to buy a kefir the Palestinian
sort of a scarf so I could not look as
jewy and hopefully fit in or at least
make them think if they if my features
gave away my Jew Innes maybe they would
think I'm a liberal sympathetic Jew well
folks it's been a fantastic fact-finding
mission here in Israel and to see all of
our coverage from the Holy Land please
go to rebel Israel calm
you
