well as you may know on October 23rd
next week that is Tommy Robinson will be
heading back to court for a retrial for
contempt he's already served 10 and a
half weeks in solitary confinement for
contempt of court but that was thrown
out by the court of appeal but instead
of letting the man be the demanding he
be tried again and possibly imprisoned
again now when I was in London on
September 27th for his last hearing
there were eight mainstream media
journalists there from the BBC from The
Independent all these first-rate UK
newspapers from what I saw come out the
other end was not first-rate what I saw
was insane bias to the point I'd even
say journalistic malpractice and I
thought what can I do I mean I'm going
in there and doing my best to report the
facts from Tommy's case and people can
judge based on those facts but it's it's
8 against one and so we came up with the
idea and Tommy approved it why don't we
crowd fund some real reporters to come
in to London for the day from Canada
from the United States from other
countries not only to do proper
reporting but to spread the reporting
around the world well we've already had
four journalists accept this
crowdfunding offer Candice Malcolm Tarek
Fattah Andrew Lawton Cassandra Fairbanks
of Washington and today I'm delighted to
introduce to you the fifth journalist
who be coming all the way from Melbourne
Australia to London for Tommy's trial
next week please join me in welcoming
avi Yamini from Down Under javi what a
pleasure to meet you via Skype thanks
Mac thanks for having it well I love
that Australian accent and I've been
following you a bit on YouTube and I'd
I'd say you're sort of a spiritual
cousin of ours you're like a you're a
rebel in your own way tell our viewers a
little bit about yourself you're a
citizen journalist you're a pundit who
are you a via meanie and how did you
become interested in the case of Tommy
Robinson well I kind of fell into it all
because I served in the Israeli Defense
Forces
of the marksman or sharpshooter on in
the Gaza Strip for about a couple years
when I got back home I actually opened
these gyms called IDF training and I
started commenting on political issues
especially around Israel at time those
Gaza then and from that I kind of found
a voice and I found people like Tommy
and I became a really strong supporter
of Tommy for the last year years because
I saw Tommy was being consistent he
wasn't a hater he wasn't to be and you
know I come from a very strong proud
Jewish background that I have no time
for real haters I had no time for those
real neo not your type and what I saw
with Tommy was that he was he was
actually genuine and he really cared
about the issues and I found
straightaway that the media kept giving
this twist to him to give it some sort
of flavor of a bigoted person and when I
saw what happened with Tommy and the
organization that I ended up with the
organization that actually supports me
which is the strain Liberty Alliance and
their Australian News Network which they
jumped onboard and straightaway we wish
we when we saw what was happening there
we decided we had to do something about
it here as well well that's amazing you
know I'm in the same vein I think I'm
Jewish as well and I heard these
terrible things said about Tommy and I
thought oh yeah I don't want to support
someone who's racist or an anti-semite
but as I investigated I found out that's
the opposite of the truth and I think
that that smear has been put on Tommy so
the people of good will and good faith
won't come to investigate him and let
alone support him I want to play for our
viewers a short clip of some of your
work just so that folks here in Canada
who haven't been to your YouTube page
yet can know some of your reporting here
let's take a quick look
journalists probably one of the only
real journalists remember with the IDI
you know because his own people started
to cross the line he didn't know what to
cross so he's a man this is a journalist
who stands for his watch and reports
what he's watching a true boy I love
that a bi can see it all you're an
organizer you're an activist you're a
journalist and you've got some great
skills on the youtubes that was
beautifully produced that's pretty
exciting so why would we see Sydney
Melbourne Brisbane today what else with
the country essentially the entire
country within it was 24 hours it was
the coincide with the rallies in Britain
at the time and it was unbelievable
strange love Tommy you know many didn't
know who he was before what had happened
now which is I think it is the case with
many people around the world which is
ironic because they tried to shut him
down
and they've only elevated and giving him
a biggest stage now which is good
because I think we need more Tommy's in
this world if everybody was really like
Tommy would have a lot less hate in this
world but my true belief yeah I think
you're right so let me just remind our
viewers what the deal is and you and I
have spoken about this privately but
obviously transparency is part of what
we do here we hear the rebel or crowd
funding with Tommy's approval to buy
flights economy class airfare economy
class hotels three-star hotels a hundred
pounds spending money on the ground and
cab fare and that's it so that we're not
paying any fees to journalists we have
no editorial oversight so I hear the
rebel won't be your editor I won't
direct your coverage in any way the only
condition is you got to come to the
court and you got to do some journalism
so so we're just helping to remove that
travel barrier for you and for other
journalists I'm really thrilled that you
agreed to
and thank you for buying such an economy
class travel all the way from Australia
you really found an affordable fare
thank you for doing that
I'm excited to meet you in person in
London well I want to thank you and I
want to thank everyone that's supporting
this campaign because at the end of the
day what we've seen we've told me in the
last you know the last 10 years is
beyond being unfair on Tommy and and the
organisation that I'm with the
Australian ability Islands have launched
the Australian News Network which I'm
going to come on behalf of them to
report for them the Australian News
Network and yeah well I'm honoured to
have been offered this and I know I do
have an election next month I'm running
in a state election here but but
everybody was was thrilled when I got
the offer and you know what we're just
off flying for a few days and why
straight out actually when I arrived
after the 25 hour flight at home I'm
going to vent that night but there's a
little bit of personal sacrifice for the
pause bought or Tommy especially I look
at Tommy as a person who is actually
genuine and we need more people like him
especially on our side apology see too
often and I keep filling this in to
people you see too often outside the
so-called right wing seems to be
hijacked too often by real people who
are nasty pieces of work and the media
tried to lump us all together and they
try to lump Tommy with them he's not
like that and and and I'll be on it
you've got to be there at the court to
show that show the real side of ami and
I look forward to meeting you and many
others there that'll be there as well so
I hope everybody gets behind this
campaign and especially my followers as
well please support me ensure this
happens because hopefully it ends up a
massive success that we can show the
mainstream media that we don't need many
more and the the people the everyday
working class or every person in
Australia in in the UK in Canada will be
willing to fund real news and to make
the the fake news awfully I I think
you're right and so you'll you'll be the
fifth journalist and I guess me that's
six and together our total crowdfunding
budget to cover everything is about
$12,000 and if folks want to chip in
they can go to real reporters dot uk'
in addition to the six journalists will
have three cameramen for the six of us
to use on grand now feel free to bring
your own camera and your cell phone or
whatever you like Abby but we're gonna
have a bit of a troop crew between us
all there's gonna be nine of us so
that's actually outnumbering the eight
hater journalist on the inside I feel
glad that we're coming in good numbers
I'm joking around a bit about those
mainstream media from the UK but I
really think that they're biased against
Tommy let me ask you what kind of
reports do you think you might do from
inside you know reporting inside the
court talking to fans just sitting down
with Tommy one thing I definitely do
wanna do is I do want to confront those
mainstream journalists that are there
because I think it's disgraceful and you
know currently we're coming from
Australia where were fed this stuff from
Sky News from the BBC and everybody
loves to bring up these these reports as
evidence that Tommy is some sort of
criminal so I look for confronting them
I look forward also to to meeting some
of these fans and hearing why then
hopefully meeting some of the ante for
their chatting to them I was the in
London for one of his rallies I think
the last great Tommy rally and I found
it unbelievable because the day before
that there was the rally against Donald
Trump visit that was exactly the weekend
on Donald Trump arrived in London and I
actually thought London had no hope when
I saw what happened it was about ten of
us it started with two of us
Debbie Robinson who's actually a good
friend of Tommy's for a lot longer than
I have
she put on it make America great again
and those about a hundred thousand of
them protesting against Donald Trump's
president I thought there was no hope
for for London until the next day when
the free Tommy rally actually happened
and there were thousands there and it
gave me a glimmer of hope so I'm looking
forward to seeing the vibe the the the
you know the different groups turn to
everybody I hope to get as much as I can
and obviously also hearing from Tommy as
well in Australia
that I can get to hear from Tommy
himself besides obviously what he put on
his on his face but for those those 13
weeks or whatever it was there was
nothing
well that's created thanks very much for
accepting this adventure I think that's
what it's going to be I look forward to
meeting you in person and we've got
we're gonna put together a global force
of reporters nice to talk with you and
finally meet you via Skype and looking
forward to seeing you next week in
London Stine Hey
put on your night right thanks very much
well there you have it
avi Yamini who was a leading citizen
journalist in the UK and as you could
see from that clip he's also a great
speaker and an organizer who I think has
really fought the good fight down under
so it'll be great to have him join the
other journalists I mentioned who will
be coming primarily from Canada and the
United States and of course we'll have a
three person video crew in London
because if there's five of us
journalists yapping six of us yapping
we'll need a lot cameras so it's a whole
thing and if you want to chip in please
do because obviously we're crowd funded
and we're crowdfunding our friends from
around the world go to real reporters
dot uk' so thanks very much and that's
where I'll be on Tuesday that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel on media slash shows
you
