well you know folks it's not all doom
and gloom in the Middle East sometimes
you come across situations where hope
abounds and that would be the situation
here I should think this is the border
of Israel and Jordan as you can see in
the distance on the Jordanian side that
is a bridge that has been under
construction for about a year now
leading to Jordan and significantly this
bridge is being constructed by Israelis
and Israeli companies the idea is to put
an industrial part in Jordan and I'm
with Dale levy he is the head of the
Regional Council Development Company and
Dale can you give us an idea of what the
motivation is for this project
okay the motivation is to promote the
peace between Israel and Jordan on a
daily walking industrial walking
together in an industrial joint
industrial zone that can bring people
from both sides to walk together and to
produce product and to serve them both
side either to Jordan into the east and
either to his world and to the west and
we believe that this unique project will
lead and serve as a peace promoter
promoter between both sides
it's literally building bridges a
physical bridge to Jordan and building
bridges of peace but on the business end
I understand that for an Israeli company
operating an industrial park in
manufacturing something in Jordan you
are saving a whole lot of money on labor
I believe a one-day of Jordanian labor
is equivalent to one hour of Israeli
labor and another benefit I guess for
the Israeli company and the Jordanian
workers is that you are opening new
markets in the Middle East for goods
that are made in Jordan yeah this is
tool and this bring
the Israeli companies to to plan bring
in facilities to hear and be more
efficient with labor cost and open
markets for Jordan and East and then on
the Israeli side I believe you said
off-camera that the idea is to build a
convention center and in which you could
facilitate meetings between Israelis
Jordanians and people from other
countries is that the idea yeah this is
a base basis idea to bring people
together to sit together and talk and to
take a take the project isn't even
further we have we are having lots of
ideas like we can bring we can create
let's say developments at center for
agriculture that can serve both the side
the agricultural area in Israel and the
agricultural area here in Jordan that
you can see behind us behind behind me
and we can bring people from both sides
and to develop the agriculture much
further also we you can imagine that we
can take university multi national
university students from Jordan soon
from Israel maybe also students from the
United State that comes together and in
this joint area they can learn together
without passing the border so this is
the this kind of project we believe that
could promote the peace even much much
further
and I imagine there before the factories
are up and running we're talking a few
years yet to come but when those
factories are built that industrial park
is finished what are we talking about in
terms of sheer dollars in terms of the
investment going into that industrial
park and the number of jobs that will be
created we're talking about
a lot of facilities that we can imagine
about 50 facilities more than 10,000
walking places in this area so this is a
major project it's not a small project
and development developed the whole area
very very much well it is very
significant this is kind of one of a
kind situation where you have Israeli
companies and workers working on outside
of Israel for an infrastructure project
so what are we talking about in terms of
the completion date which will be
completed in two months from now the
next stage is Israeli employee and blame
employment area which should start I
hope in in this year and in time
timeline of two years I hope that in
2020 we'll operate a project well thank
you very much Dale good luck with the
project I guess folks it's all about
building bridges whether you're starting
an economic project or on the road to
peace and hopefully this will turn out
to be a success both for Israel and
Jordan for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's Lloyd Menzies well folks a lot
of your favorite rebels are right here
in Israel filing reports daily please go
to rebel Israel calm and get the latest
updates here from the Holy Land
you
