today we're in the old city of Jerusalem
in the eternal capital of the Jewish
people and you may have seen earlier say
we were up on the Temple Mount now the
Temple Mount is the holiest of holy
places for the Jewish people and it also
bears special significance for
Christians like myself but right now it
is under Islamic religious control which
means if a Christian like myself goes up
there or a Jew there is no stopping it
to pray whatsoever now we weren't
allowed our expensive professional
camera equipment up there but I did snap
a picture of the Israeli security forces
escorting some Jews through the site now
they escorted the Jews through the site
for two reasons
because first off it's very dangerous
for Jews to be up there but secondly it
was to ensure that the Jews didn't stop
and pray now later on in the day we went
to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre that
is a very important place for Christians
like myself it's the purported site of
the crucifixion now what's interesting
to me is the dichotomy between the two
sites one being under Christian control
and one being under the control of the
Islamic religious authority at the
Christian site of the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre three religions control it and
share the site every single day the
Greek Orthodox the Armenians and the
Catholic work together because they
recognize that that place is of special
significance for all of us and there are
no restrictions for anyone who come into
that site to stop and pray for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gonna read today we're
in the old city of Jerusalem the eternal
capital of the State of Israel to see
all of our coverage from here on the
ground go to rebel Israel calm
you
