in spite of having made itself a
complete joke over the last few years
feminism somehow still has a
stranglehold of young lines across
America it is a grasp so fierce that an
illogical mind can see it functions like
a branding campaign but before pink
pussy hats and Asian sweatshop
manufactured feminist slogans on
t-shirts there was Edward Bernays
freedom torches campaign Edward Bernays
was the nephew of Sigmund Freud in
Austrian American pioneer in the field
of public relations and propaganda he
was referred to in his obituary as the
father of public relations Dutch
painters used cigarettes as a symbol of
human foolishness in the 17th century
and in the 19th century cigarettes were
perceived as props of fallen women and
prostitutes culturally cigarette smoking
was seen as a disgraceful habit for
women to partake in
- the Lucky Strike tobacco company
that's presented and inaccessible half
of the population and a massive loss and
potential profits to expand numbers of
women smokers the tobacco company hired
Edward Bernays Bernays plan was to
eliminate the social taboo against women
smoking in public in 1929 Bernays
decided to pay women to smoke their
torches of freedom as they walked
dressed as suffragettes and the Easter
Sunday parade in New York it was genius
Bernays carefully picked his female
martyr stating that while these women
should be good-looking they should not
look like models he hired his own
photographers to make sure that the
photographs were perfect and they were
soon published around the world feminist
Ruth Hale was also hired to call for
women to join in the march saying women
light another torch of freedom fight
another sex taboo and this faux feminist
campaign simply served as propaganda
that found
a new way to separate women from their
money for decades Virginia Slims a
cigarette marketed directly out women
ran with the slogan you've come a long
way baby
flash forward to the mid 2000 and we see
that the times have changed but the game
remains the same
you might recall the feminist band Pussy
Riot
arrests and the subsequent free Pussy
Riot hashtag if we dig a little deeper
we can see that these series of events
was created in a propaganda think-tank
just like its predecessors the founding
members of Pussy Riot were first brought
together in the Russian radical feminist
group known as Voina they were created
under the tutelage of their leaders the
charismatic Oleg Veronica and the
Charles Manson like Olesky pluster Sarno
in one performance the deranged masked
feminists defiled the altar of a
historic Cathedral and began screaming
that Putin is the Lord's and that
patriarch Carol is a Carol is a Russian
Orthodox Patriarch and is a strong
supporter of Putin he regards Putin as a
miracle from God who saved Mother Russia
from collapse and disintegration three
of the girls were captured and charged
with hooliganism with the intent of
inciting religious hatred and in an
obvious pre-planned cooperative effort
major American and European newspapers
run the Pussy Riot story on their front
pages the globalist propaganda press
portrays the girls as poor little
innocent victims whose free speech has
been violated Madonna and many other
high-profile gestures then take up the
cause celeb ray of free Pussy Riot and
all of this was a clear and well-planned
ruse to punish Putin for his nationalism
and anti-globalist stances whatever your
views on Putin are this was a clear
propaganda campaign and of course boina
being a subject of femen was soon after
defunded by globalist sugar-daddy george
soros performing an israeli branch for a
long time
feminism has not been a grassroots
movement by women for women feminism
some time now has been a movement
latched onto by globalist who use women
as social political and financial
weapons but don't expect your average
feminists to know any of this if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
