Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has approved
a giant inflatable baby Donald Trump
that's gonna fly over London during the
presidential visit but it looks like he
might be in for a surprise
you've no doubt seen the story of the
giant baby Trump balloon right now Sadiq
Khan himself has signed off to allow a
giant inflatable baby Trump that's gonna
fly over London during the visit it's a
six meter long balloon it shows a baby
Trump wearing diapers and what you know
pacifier and all that kind of stuff and
it's gonna fly over London while the
president is here it's all a bit of a
joke I mean it's really depressing
actually and it's also it's not very
statesman like is it for Sadiq Khan to
just sign off on something so curable so
childish it really shows what the left
has become but Margaret Thatcher being
the wise woman she was she once said I
always cheer up immensely if an attack
is particularly wounding because I think
well if they attack one personally it
means they have not a single political
argument left and that's so true
isn't it the economy is booming
unemployment's down for everyone
massively in America particularly
actually the black community job
security is high taxes are low so people
coming home with more money but the left
don't like him they don't like him no
matter what he does he who were
potentially solving the war in Korea but
no still not good enough we're gonna fly
a giant baby Trump balloon over London
to prove a point it's ridiculous but too
bad too bad laughs because he's still
coming he's still coming they can riot
all they like they can write all they
like they can have as many stupid stunts
as they like but he's gonna meet the
Queen he's gonna meet Theresa make
because that's what he's going to do as
president is what he has to do as being
a world leader he's gonna come here he's
gonna meet our leaders and potentially
sign off on a lovely juicy trade deal
between the UK and America as long as
Theresa May doesn't mess that one up but
I saw a great campaign last night and I
just wanted to introduce it to you when
I saw it last night it was only on 900
quid and it was trying to raise ten four
thousand and it's a crowd fund to get a
giant inflatable baby Sadiq Khan to fly
over London at the same time so they
need 10 grand it was on 900 quid last
night I tweeted it last night people
have been going mad about it I believe
it's on over 11,000 now so if you want
to donate go on go ahead and do it
because the more money maybe it'll get
bigger who knows but there's always six
days left
there's always six
until the trunk visits so I would hope I
really hope and pray that the genius
behind this crowd fund can get this
inflatable balloon built designed and
ready in time but if not maybe we would
use it another time but the question is
will Sadiq Khan sign off on a baby Sadiq
Khan balloon after he signed off on a
donald trump balloon there's the
question isn't it
you
