well the Liberals got their wish
EPA Administrator Scott Pruett has
resigned yeah blib Regatta their wish
Pruett resigned
now look Pruett had his scandals I'm not
gonna say her until you probably was a
great guy I think Pruett did a lot of
things wrong especially that chick-fil-a
incident where he used his office call
to call the CEO at chick-fil-a to try to
get his wife a franchisee something very
very difficult for most people to get
you should never have done that he spent
a lot of money on things office
furniture and clothing and all these
other things that taxpayer money should
not have been spent on now what I didn't
have a problem with was him flying
first-class
I want our cabinet level people our
administrators directors secretaries to
be flying first-class for security but
the ability to get work done on long
flights and I bet no problem with that
it is a fraction of a fraction cheaper
than flying private so there was a lot
of hysteria but this really wasn't about
this really wasn't about candles for
Prewitt this was an organized attack
because he was very conservative very
tough on the environmental nut jobs and
he was doing good things for the for
business especially oil and natural gas
exploration and production he Pruett was
from Oklahoma
he knew the oil and natural gas industry
and the environmental lobby that well
they can't have an EPA Administrator mmm
one who says hold on a second you can
frack you can drill you can drill
offshore and look at this they'll do it
cleanly and conserve the environment you
can have the environment not only
survive but thrive
well that destroys the
multibillion-dollar environmental lobby
racket the con game the Ponzi scheme the
scam started by people like Al Gore it
destroys it all well beware what you
wish for left because the acting EPA
administrators a guy named Andrew
wheeler he was the number two already
confirmed by the Senate you think the
environmental lobby hates oil and gas
wheeler was a coal industry executive
and there ain't nothing these people
hate more than coal
he'd coal more than fracking more than
oil more than gas
unfortunately for them it seems like
wheeler is going to continue Pruitt's
policies but the Dems already are out of
ammo it went after one EPA Administrator
they had a valid point with ethics but
you can't go after two for the same
thing it's not gonna work the American
people are not gonna put up with it
not when Maxine Waters is out there
threatening Trump administration
officials and screaming and yelling and
crying Americans are sick of it they're
sick of the attacks they're sick of the
take down the pole take down the polls
are showing it Oh yep the left got a
scalp with Scott Pruett they got a scalp
but now they've got an EPA Administrator
and Acting Administrator that might be
more conservative than Pro it might even
be more brutal on the left-wing
environmental mafias agenda and it's not
a damn thing they're gonna be able to do
about it so my message to the left with
all this hysteria well - you're gonna be
destroyed in the midterm you're going to
be destroyed in the midterms and
remember something better the devil you
know than the devil you don't I'm gonna
keep bringing you these off-the-cuff
segments every day but more importantly
you need to tune in through my live show
you classified live every day right here
on the rebels YouTube channel so that
right here right here with the rebel but
go over to our YouTube channel every day
from 7:00 to 30 to 8:30 a.m. Eastern I'm
taking your comments lives or touching
on all of the topics I did with my old
show off-the-cuff Declassified but that
was recorded this time I can bring it to
you live as events are unfolding and
before things like congressional
hearings happen and better than that
it's interactive we can discuss it but
I'd love to see you there Monday morning
7:30 a.m. you have an amazing amazing
weekend I'll be back with you Monday
morning
