if you're in a position of power as a
professor how hard should it really be
for you to wish your students a happy
4th of July without making it political
well apparently really hard if you're a
certain sociology professor from the
University of Northern Colorado
let's take a look let me introduce you
to Kyle Nelson a professor who sent her
social problems class an email with the
following little statement happy 4th of
July on Wednesday despite all the social
problems we are facing and despite a ton
of ugliness in our nation's past and
present I hope each of us can find
something to celebrate or honor or at
least reflect on over the holiday now
Kyle
who as we just saw is apparently a woman
didn't elaborate in the email on what
ugliness America faces but it becomes a
little bit more clear when you take a
trip to her Twitter profile where she
describes herself as a feminist
anti-racist
social justice advocate when People
magazine posted a photo of their sexiest
man alive covered with country singer
Blake Shelton
Kyle pretty much lost it and said I
seriously can't with this people of all
things
another American white cisgender
heterosexual in 2017 of all years I like
country music ok but so many sexier
options that would have been much more
accurate positive representative hashtag
pop culture hashtag fail first of all
Kyle how do you know Blake as cisgender
I don't ever recall him coming out and
saying he's cisgender that's a bit
presumptuous don't you think maybe he or
she is just a very marginalized
transgender person but really isn't this
just emblematic of how the left C's
Awards in their Marxist utopia there are
no distinctions doled out to people on
the basis of merit don't be silly
awards are to make a statement who cares
about the actual purpose of the award
when you can instead use it as a
political weapon
Kyle also of course has thoughts on
President Trump calling him a racist
hate monger
saying get that sob hashtag not my
president out of Whitehouse now hashtag
resist but one of the most concerning
tweets I saw has got to be this one
where she says after school today my
six-year-old wanted to surprise a
teacher who was doing carpool lane duty
I froze with the thought what if that
amazing teacher had a gun and drew it on
my son upon being startled hashtag gun
control now hashtag no guns in schools
you know maybe we do need stricter gun
control it's a good thing these
hysterical harpies hate guns too much to
touch one because forget being simply a
straight shooter can you imagine if they
had more than just nasty words to pull
out at the vaguest whiff of racism
we must not stand for it we need hashtag
Lib control now for campus unmasked I'm
Rob shim shock if you like this video
and support our mission at please make
sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
