I'm used to 20 years of losing on this
file I was I was what preston manning is
he would as he stood in Canada's
Parliament and it was it was frankly it
was practically empty he was speaking to
himself really railing against the Kyoto
Protocol he couldn't stop it and for 20
years it seemed to march on Donald Trump
and Doug Ford and I don't know I just I
want to be able to hope a little bit I
don't want my hopes to be dashed but I'm
an optimist and this is a very
optimistic development in Canada you
know one of the lessons you can take is
what happened in Europe with the Czech
Republic with v√°clav Klaus he stood up
to the the climate alarmists agenda the
way and Ford is now in Canada and
because we had someone standing up
strongly and challenging and pushing
back against the UN and all the green
mandates to this day the Czech Republic
even though he's out of office as the
highest skepticism of the countries in
Europe because they had a leader willing
to stand up so the fact that in Canada
now we have someone standing up to the
carbon tax upsetting California's
Governor Jerry Brown possibly affecting
these carbon markets is going to have a
big effect because people are it's a
signal to other politicians that this
isn't the death of your political career
to stand up to the green agenda in the
United States I would liken it to what
senator Inhofe he was the lone senator
for years for a decade fighting the
global warming battle and suddenly other
senators started joining him and how
they took Climategate scandal really in
2009 to start bringing other ones on but
once they once they put their toes in
the water they felt the water was great
so let's hope this spawns what exactly
what you're describing a ground-up
movement that starts spreading it's okay
to be against carbon tax it's okay to
oppose the climate agenda that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including
always to interview today and I read my
hate mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
