I'm looking up for this most beautiful
pine trees and the amazing sunset which
is obscured by a silhouette of a man's
hand clutching a knife and I watch him
stab me in the chest that missed my
heart by four millimeters they think I'm
dead they leave I realize I'm gonna be
dead within minutes and I have one last
goal and that is to gets as far as I can
nearer to where I parked the car so the
police can find my body I managed to
stand I mean I can I can't look at
Christine I mean if I look at her I
can't speak with her I can holder cuz
I'm gagged and bound so I turned my back
and step by step gagged bound barefoot I
begin to walk through the forest uphill
and I'm thinking of all kinds of you
know the people I'd love I'm thinking
what I'm gonna miss out on in life and
by doing these things I managed to walk
over a mile and I had six snapped ribs
thirty broken bones bones that had
splintered off into my lungs and
diaphragm 13 Machete wounds have
dislocated shoulders crushed urn and a
broken shoulder blade Christina's body
was found the next day I'm hospitalized
as a press blackout and six weeks later
the Israeli police they announced they'd
catch the terrorists and because I
stabbed the guy the DNA on my knife help
them capture them very quickly
it solved another murder of an Israeli
Jewish lady previously and I was in
court with the nine months later and
when the judge asked but but why did you
murder an American Christian Christian
Lucan was an American Christian she
wasn't Jewish
you know what Sheila I never I won't
forget this the indifference the
banality they shrugged they giggled and
they said oh we thought she was Jewish
that's my story that's an excerpt from
my weekly full-length show the gun show
on my show I take on the issues of the
day through my Alberta conservative lens
and I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
