welcome to Declassified live I love
doing this with you guys every morning I
want to talk to you guys about a couple
of things today it's gonna be pretty
interesting and I'm glad you got to see
me set up there for seconds we're gonna
talk about Elizabeth Warren
Pocahontas well apparently Donald Trump
is offering her a million bucks a
million bucks if she can prove her
Native American Heritage remember you
can always chat with me enrique says
good morning love your work John
Enrique good morning love that you watch
the show you could always chat with me
via the chat interface there or Snooper
chat you can donate a couple of bucks
you see that little dollar sign icon and
your chat will jump to the top of the
page being a big bright banner and we
will just chat about whatever you want
we're gonna talk about Elizabeth Warren
being offered a million dollars by
Donald Trump Donald Trump jr. earlier in
the week offered her I think half a
million I'm sorry ten thousand dollars
and then a couple of his buddies offer
at ten thousand bucks on top of that
well the president up the ante President
Trump by offering a million bucks if she
would to charity the prover Native
American heard first forgetting to
Elizabeth Warren that's gonna be a lot
of fun I want to talk about not Pruitt
the administrator of the Environmental
Protection Agency resigning now look
Pruitt did a lot of things that I was
uncomfortable no doubt doc prude that a
lot of things that I don't think an EPA
Administrator should have done
however I had zero problem with him
flying first class the left maid
hysterical problems out of everything
but I want our cabinet secretaries the
fly first class number one for security
number two because they need to get work
done if the EPA Administrator is flying
from Washington DC to California at five
and a half hour flight depending on
where he's going on the west coast
he makes me believe it work done you
can't really open a laptop in a coach
seat
not to mention do you want somebody
who's I don't know not security cleared
leaning over your shoulder looking into
your laptop or are you gonna buy the
third seat well you might as well fly
the EPA Administrator in a security
guide first class
that just seems like common sense to me
but liberals are hysterical about
everything now god Pruitt did a lot of
other things I was very uncomfortable
with he certainly did he did things like
ah the call to the CEO of chick-fil-a
for his wife who obtained a chick-fil-a
franchised something very very difficult
to get because the ring demand well I
don't think that should have been done
from his government office I think that
was something that started to cross the
line though I can understand why people
were upset about that
I absolutely can understand why people
were upset about that one but flying
first-class using his expense account
that new things that you will use an
expense account for as a cabinet
secretary now see I think this was just
a war on a guy who was very very
conservative and went against the
left-wing mafias the left wing mathy is
complete and utter a ball on
environmentalism
that's all this really is right
environmentalism is a racket it's a
profit schema concocted by people like
Al Gore Pruitt was a guy that wanted to
destroy all that in the lead sled says
Trump 2020 Mogga I agree with you lead
magu magu magu I think it's gonna be a
disastrous disastrous November for the
Democrat absolutely disastrous but the
the environmental lobby has always been
for-profit ever since Al Gore made that
moronic movie and community truth about
climate change with polar bears riding
you know ice floes using all kinds of
b-roll
that had nothing to do with
environmental problems and Al Gore's
worth over a billion dollars now because
of an environmental racket the left has
seized on that and anybody like Pruitt
who can come in allow drilling John
Zeeland good morning Don allow drilling
and and allow fracking and do all these
other things and have the environment
not only survive but thrive
well that debunks that whole profit
schema on the left that whole global
warming humans are destroying the earth
you know doesn't matter how long we've
been here there it's been around four
billion years I don't think humans the
blip in time that we are gonna do
anything they destroy the earth and too
bad I was getting there too bad thank
you so they came up with these other
rackets these other schemas called
carbon credits and carbon offsets and
carbon taxes which were really the
Bitcoin of the of the early 2000s they
really had nothing backing them but they
convinced people who believed they were
valuable and what is it called when you
play people's confidence when you run a
game that plays their confidence well
cut off the fittings and it becomes a
con game right and that's all the
environmental lobby ever was it was one
big con it's all it ever was it's all it
ever will be so a guy like Scott Pruett
terrified them he Scott Pruett looked at
things and their entirety and he said
well hold on a sec the United States has
substantial substantial oil and natural
gas reserves how did he know this he's
from Oklahoma
he was the Oklahoma Attorney General he
was a guy that intimately understood the
oil and natural gas came him good
morning to you as well Kim great to have
you on
so he understood it and he understood
that you could both responsibly produce
energy while at the same time conserve
the environment and generate a whole
hell of a lot of profit for your company
in the United States of America and so
he looked at this and the president
looked at this being a business guy and
they said well there's really no reason
not to do this
there's no good scientific reason not to
do this well left can't have that right
the left can have you having a president
and a an EPA Administrator that actually
understand business I mean how
absolutely dare they
how dare they do something like and I I
so they went nuts and Pruett became
their target so the opposition research
on Pruett the opposition research was
like that mountains and mountains and
volumes and volumes and volumes of
information against this guy now Eric
Holder let's go back to the obama
administra
are colder was the only Attorney General
in the history of the United States to
ever be held in criminal and civil
contempt of Congress the only one media
never reported on that did you know that
did you know that Eric Holder Obama's
Attorney General was the only Attorney
General in United States history to ever
be held in civil and criminal contempt
of Congress if you didn't if you don't
dig into this stuff if you're not wonky
and you dig into this like most people
don't you have lives and jobs and
families and hobbies you wouldn't know
that and you wouldn't know that because
the mainstream media never reported on
it but Scott Pruett the EPA
Administrator bought a pen and it was
headline news global headline news
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous but
they did succeeded they succeeded in
destroying the skies reputation to the
point where he realized that he was
becoming the story and rule number one
when you work in politics you work in
political communications never become
the story it's the antithesis of media
right here in media we want to be the
story we bring you the story we are the
story in politics and you work for the
president United States
when you're the head of the EPA I don't
care if you two had the FBI the DEA the
CIA you don't become the story the top
person president there the story when
you're a comms person you don't become
the story the Scott Pruett became the
story and it necessitated his having to
resign the President had a lot of
confidence in it but you know what
liberals don't care about that liberals
don't care what's good for the country
they care what's good for their agenda
they couldn't care less couldn't care
less what's good for the country and so
the the liberal mafia started and they
started with their hit piece started
taking their shots at this they started
pushing and pushing and pushing and
pushing and pushing and eventually it
worked it started to work and that's
where the problems begin because when we
start to allow mob rule to dictate who
can and cannot serve in administration's
we degress into a third world
dictatorship
we degress into a country where mob rule
is more important than the rule of law
and we never never want to be that
nation we never want to be that nation I
know I don't want to be and now they so
they think they got rid of Pruitt while
the deputy administrator andrew wheeler
is coming in and this is going to make
their head spin
it's going to make their head spin
because wheeler is about as conservative
as Pruitt and wheeler wasn't Attorney
General of the state that dealt with oil
and gas exploration and no no no no no
Wheeler was a coal industry executive
now there's nothing liberals hate more
than oil and gas but coal they hate it
oh they hate it and so they went from
you know you know the old saying better
the devil you know than the devil you
don't
at least they knew what they were
getting with Pruit now they they
expended all their ammo they ousted
Pruitt now they've got Andrew wheeler
coming in as Acting Administrator he's
the deputy administrator right now he's
coming in and I'm gonna this is gonna be
glorious because what are they gonna do
is the left gonna start attacking him
well look he certainly learned his
lesson from Pruitt so this guy's gonna
be very careful about what he buys and
who he calls from his office are they
gonna go back and say oh my god he was a
coal industry executive well he's
already been confirmed by the Senate to
be the deputy administrator there's
nothing they can do so as long as
wheeler continues Pruitt's policies
continues his conservatism continues
driving a left hysterical while at the
same time keeping his nose clean and not
giving them anything to bite on they're
gonna lose their collective minds they
are gonna lose their collective minds
now to bads has rid the country of all
corrupt demon rats and Democrats yet
look the Democratic Party is not in sync
with America anymore they're just not in
sync with this nation they do a terrible
terrible job
if they do a terrible terrible job of
spousal American values Donna's asking
tough topic but what's going on with
Trudeau now it's the woman's fault for
groping him
the guy is a wuss when he gets accused
he's gonna deflect and blame it on other
people but back on topic about what the
Democrats are doing so now in the case
of Pruitt they did have some opposition
research on him right they were able to
push him out the door by making him the
story but they don't have it they don't
have it on others they don't have it on
Sarah Huckabee Sanders they don't have
it on homeland security secretary
Kirsten Nielsen they don't have any of
that so in those cases lunatics like
Maxine Waters are putting out a call to
arms they're saying or asked them make
them unpleasant scream in their faces
when they're in public that's insanity
that's sheer insanity that if you work
for a certain political administration
you and your family now could not be
able to go and have a peaceful dinner
but I like that the right is fighting
back I like that the right is fighting
back and the right is going to
ultimately prevail because Americans by
and large are respectful people we
really are despite what the global media
likes to tell you about Americans and
that terrible Americans are and how evil
Americans are Americans are respectful
Americans are are open to debate and
discourse the left is not that's why I
say the left is unamerican
the left wants to say you work for the
wrong president therefore you deserve to
be shouted down and we saw this go even
further when actor Peter Fonda called
for protestors to surround the schools
where the children of ice agents go who
terrify the children to terrify the
parents then he called for Trump's young
son 11 12 year old Baron Trump to be put
in a cage with a pedophile
it's it's it's tragic and the left wants
open borders and last independent
thinker was saying watch the latest
black fretwell about Mexican politicians
being killed by drug cartels yeah last
count a hundred and thirty-two
politicians or candidate and candidates
in Mexico were killed presumably by the
cartels Democrats want to open borders
and bring that violence here they truly
want us to be third-world her bojong
says what percent of Prewitt scandals
were set staff setups probably many
because even though he was a trump
appointee and his deputy andrew wheeler
is a trump appointee and confirmed by
the Senate
a lot of that staff is still deep state
holdovers Democrats I don't think this
president and his cabinet has allies in
many many government agencies so I would
say that it's a very likely possibility
turbo that bruit scandals were set ups
how did the protesters know where
Kirsten Nielsen was eating how did they
know where Sara's well Sarah Sanders was
recognizable but the protesters seemed
to know a lot of things they seemed to
know a lot of things and I think we're
gonna be seeing more of this violence
more of this unrest directed toward
Trump officials look we saw the case in
San Antonio where that kid was just
eating at a water burger restaurant and
this lunatic this lunatic runs up on him
and smacks his hat out of his grabs his
hat throws a soda in the kid's face this
kid and his friend looked like you know
they were never tech geeks they look
like nice nice kids they weren't out
there to bother anybody they were they
were afraid they were scared in this
lunatic pretty well-built guy goes and
he throws soda in the kid's face heals
the kids hat by the way
I would have charged him if I were the
responding cop with stealing the kids
soda and the kids hat I would have
charged the guy with a strong-arm
robbery there's a bar in San Antonio
Texas where this happened well the video
made its way to them the perpetrator was
a bartender at that bar and that bar put
out on their Facebook page that they
don't tolerate that kind of behavior and
they fired the guy that they they want
everybody to be welcome in their
establishment this matter who you vote
for would you believe in who you are and
I think that bar made a very good move I
think the name of the place was was
Rumble or Rumble something like that
I'll dig it up for you but kudos to the
owners of that establishment for firing
the guy but it's it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter the left is going to
continue to do this the left is going to
continue to do this El Dorado says
liberals don't live in the real world
they are ideological idiots living in
their own bubbles yeah it's true it's
true they're in those bubbles of Los
Angeles New York Washington DC and they
truly believe that everybody in the
country thinks like they think that
everybody is a far left issue believes
in open borders in big government they
really do believe that they really do
Joe or says on this topic the crazier
the left gets the easier it is for us on
the right to win elections oh I agree
unless you're in districts like Nancy
Pelosi's out in California or Alexandria
Alexandria Cascio cortezes in New York's
poor team congratulations
district those are far left districts
those districts love what these
candidates are doing but that's okay
because they're they're isolated
districts and there's not going to be
creep over and others these candidates I
will say most likely can't win statewide
election they won't be able to take red
states they are far too gone it watched
either too far gone verbose says won't
wheeler the Acting EPA Administrator
face similar staff of scandals I think
they're gonna be a little smarter about
it now I think he's probably going to be
a little smarter than Pruitt was they've
expected that they know what's coming
now
the administration knows what's coming
John Zeeland Trump jr. said he would get
the kid an autograph hat from POTUS need
the kids info that's in the works that's
being taken care of i I know Don jr. I
know Donald Trump jr. and great guy as
genuine the guy you see on social media
is the guy he is when you're chatting
with him one-on-one
great guy he'll get that kid the Hat
believe me believe me that kid will have
an autographed hat from POTUS and
probably much much more the Trump family
actually values family I've gotten to
know from the family members pretty well
and what you see is what you get there's
not a lot of pomp and circumstance
there's not a lot of showmanship there
the president and private is the guy he
is in public as is Don jr. and and
they're both very genuine honest guys
but
this this pro thing has me bothered
because it makes you wonder how many
more people are going to be subject to
this kind of harassment now cruet
resigned Betsy DeVos got a security
detail when she was attacked outside of
his school here's the nielsen while
Secretary of Homeland Security has a
security detail he has one
the others like Sarah Huckabee Sanders
now have Secret Service protection
but what happens when protesters go too
far what happens if one of these
administration officials family and
their family are driving home and a
protester throws a rock for the window
of their car and they go off the road
and somebody's hurt or god forbid killed
what happens then and I fear I hope
we're not I hope we're not but I do fear
we're getting perilously perilously
perilously close to that and it's a very
very tragic thing very tragic thing now
you move over to the president the way
he handles them I think the president
handles them gloriously
mr. president United States whereas
George Bush Barack Obama Bill Clinton
had a very friendly media but Republican
presidents didn't most notably George
Bush and Republican politicians don't
but they don't care because guys like
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell they want
to be loved and adored by Democrats so
they take their hits from the mainstream
media hoping that if they shut their
mouths and take more heads
well the mainstream media won't bully
them that's really what they hope that's
really what they believe it's quite
pathetic action Trump doesn't do that
Trump fires back with both barrels
blazing
both barrels blazing and then when he's
done shooting start punching and kicking
and this story is glorious Donald Trump
is offering Elizabeth Warren folk Cantus
senator from Massachusetts
1 million dollars the prove our Native
American heritage he said quote but
let's say I'm debating Pocahontas I'll
do this they probably said Oh Lee
I'm debating how does he let's say I'm
debating pecan as I promise you I'll do
this you know those little kits they
sell on television
you know the little kids they sell on
television for $2 learn your heritage
well they're like maybe nine dollars no
not two dollars I'm gonna get one of
those little kits and in the middle of
the debate
when she proclaims she's of Indian
heritage because her mother said she has
- I can't even read this with a straight
face because her mother said she has
high cheekbones
that's her evidence well we'll take that
little kit we have to do it gently
because we're in the me to generation we
will very gently take that kit and we
will slowly toss it
hoping it doesn't hit her and injure her
arm even though it only weighs probably
two ounces and we will say I will give
you a million dollars paid for by trunk
to your favorite charity if you take the
test and it shows you're an Indian and
we'll see what she does I have a feeling
she'll say no but we'll hold it for the
debates and you make no mistake you make
no mistake Donald Trump is going to go
buy one of those kids they're like 99
bucks I've done I've done one there's a
whole bunch right this ancestry.com I
did that there's 23andme
there's 99 dollars was in two dollars
but he's right it's a tiny little kit
and I'm sorry this president he makes me
laugh
but um he shows just how preposterous
these people on the left are because
they see here's the thing that Trump is
doing now
I truly believe Trump will probably buy
the DNA kit and give it to Elizabeth
Warren on stage it will be glorious look
even if she doesn't even if she doesn't
claim to be of Native American descent
he should still buy the kit and do it if
she doesn't claim it on the debate he
should say your mother said yeah high
cheekbones yeah here's a DNA kit and see
if she feels if she does it but what's
glorious about this is Donald Trump
isn't afraid of left-wing media because
the reason that Elizabeth Warren was
able to get away with saying she's part
Native American and have everybody swoon
over her is because the mainstream media
doesn't fact-check Democrats and Trump
points out the absurdity of it all by
saying are you kidding me your sole
evidence for the fact that you have
Native American heritage is that your
mom said you have high cheekbones and
she heard a rumor that you might be
198th Cherokee he said you know let's
prove it let's prove it we've got DNA
now you want to make those claims you
want to use those claims to advance
yourself politically which Elizabeth
Warren did those claims are now fair
game you don't get to walk those back
the only way Elizabeth Warren could walk
those claims back is this you did the
right thing
the ethical thing the honest thing and
said you're right America I'm not Native
American I never was
I lied I'm sorry but she won't do that
see in the mainstream media the
mainstream media will allow her to get
away with it
and they shouldn't allow her to get away
with it that's the bigger part of the
problem
the mainstream media does not fact jack
the democrats they never have they never
will
so Trump the reason they're hysterical
the reason they don't want from tweeting
is because from fact checks the media
this is why they're hysterical because a
Trump is really saying the mainstream
media is you didn't fact check Elizabeth
Warren's comments I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna fact check their comments and I'm
going to embarrass you in the process so
mainstream media if I give Elizabeth
Warren this DNA test and she doesn't
take it she looks terrible if she admits
she lied she looks terrible and you look
terrible for helping to promote her lie
and if she does take it well it'll just
be epic and glorious now you know she's
not gonna take it right and turbo Jones
says Trump is humming this around
Warren's neck only Trump he has and I
love that he's doing it one of the
things that disappointed me the most was
in John McCain and those debates in 2008
said oh I don't care about some
washed-up old terrorist I truly believe
though this day that John McCain threw
the election to Obama I believe that I
believe John McCain who we now know was
a globalist and a liberal a far left
that's the big government status one of
the country to move left but he knew he
couldn't do it as a Republican president
but I truly believe in my heart of
hearts that he just didn't care if Obama
won because he felt the United States
needed a Barack Obama to move it left
and I and I will never be able to prove
that but I truly truly believe that
mm-hmm
I find it said that if you claim you're
a Native American you could advance your
political career well exactly it should
be on your credentials on your bona
fides on your resume on your wins on
your losses on your experience and how
you connect with Americans on your
policies but no no the left is only
about identity politics Barack Obama
with his resume never would have been a
u.s. senator let alone President of the
United States
if he was a white guy named David Jones
it was that he was a black guy and black
eye with a with a dubious background
story name Barack Hussein Obama that was
the draw it
in his three and a half weeks in
politics or his ability to communicate
semi well with a teleprompter no it was
that it was identity politics the left
wanted a black guy named Hussein in the
White House that's what the Left wanted
they thought that was cool and it showed
America was open-minded
Alexandria Acacio Cortez would probably
not have won that district that she were
a white woman with blonde hair she might
not have won that district if she were a
black woman against Joseph Crowley but
being a young latina who called herself
a Democratic Socialist the identity
politics kicked in and she again won the
district against a ten term incumbent or
better funded far more well-known the
mainstream media helped and we're gonna
see more and more and more of that
Democrats don't have anything but
identity politics well they've got
that's all they've got they don't have a
platform what's their platform harassing
Trump administration employees hating
America abolishing ice opening the
borders re-regulating raising taxes and
allowing a really unfair trade imbalance
that's oh by the way they're Pro crime
as well they hate the police that's the
Democratic party platform but when you
have no platform when you have no
message to run on all you have left or
smears and identity politics well you've
got that's all you've got and that needs
to change that needs to change
significantly but we need to change it
right as conservatives we need to change
it because we're allowing this we're
allowing this to happen and we really
are and it's actually pretty pathetic
that we are
now Trump is the only one so why do I
say we're allowing this to happen well I
say we're allowing this to happen
because Trump seems to be the only one
doing the fighting the only one you
don't see Mitch McConnell pushing back
you don't see all Ryan pushing back you
don't see any any a buddy else on the on
the right pushing back him Jordan now
yesterday we had a problem with our
stream
we had a problem with our stream and I
was getting the Jim Jordan now
representative Jim Jordan is being I
believe falsely accused of not reporting
sexual advances toward collegiate level
wrestlers at Ohio State University
20-plus years ago when he was an
assistant coach
why would he have number one I don't
believe Jim Jordan knew about it number
two these were adults
these were Division one wrestlers
trained fighters if the team doctor made
in advance he should have beat the hell
out of a team doctor and dragged him
bloody to the police station why is Jim
Jordan being attacked for not reporting
something that was allegedly perpetrated
against guys who were his age why didn't
they report it why didn't they take
action
these weren't seven-year-old kids and
now the guy a guy named D sabado who's
making the allegations is apparently in
sports circles known as a very dishonest
guy who lacks credibility the president
again came out in vehement support of
Jim Jordan that he believes him he's a
great guy
and let's face it they're only going
after Jim Jordan because Jim Jordans
going after the beep state the DOJ the
FBI in the soft coup against Donald
Trump the only reason they're in Jordan
but we're we're in we're enduring this
the right is enduring this and they need
to stop it's an embarrassment where
people like Paul Ryan have done to
Congress
it embarrassment what guys like Mitch
McConnell have done but I give this all
back to George W Bush you remember the
Bush administration Helen Thomas very
old woman she had historically been
given the front row and the first
question in White House press briefings
it was just understood that Helen Thomas
got that and every day in every briefing
whether it was the press secretary or
George W Bush himself
she would ask the first question from
the front row and insult the president
and the administration she was hostile
she was enemy press and you know what
they did not a damn thing they let it
continue to happen mm-hmm Trump would
have moved her to the back row he never
would have picked on her his press
Secretary's never would have picked on
her and when they did they would have
treated her where she's still alive like
they treat April Ryan and Jim Acosta as
hostile press now going back to Jim
Jordan Adam G says wrestlers of the
roughest toughest guys in high schools
and d1 wrestles are absolute power
plants exactly these are tough guys
these are strong tough guys if some team
doctor made an advance toward them
something tells me they could have
handled it and if these were also guys
were 19 20 21 I took the police exam at
19 years old and was in the Academy
while these right after college I was
the same age as these guys I was being
given a gun on a shield at me and told
go protect people these guys couldn't
report a team doctor they're blaming Jim
Jordan 20 plus years later I don't buy
it I don't buy it
now it's just that you've got it it's
the left again needing to go after
somebody that's going after them but
America is not gonna buy it either we're
not gonna buy it either Eric from Texas
in the house I know Eric Dondero how's
it going man u.s. Navy veteran Eric a
frequent buddy and debater of mine on
Twitter
glad to see you here brother thanks for
tuning in but this is all look the left
they're just about identity politics
right
they're about identity politics and
victimhood and victim when Adam G says
lol they mean division one college
wrestlers would throw the doctor on his
head of course they would of course that
this is nonsense this is utter and
complete nonsense eric says he voted for
Sarah Palin for VP not for McCain at the
top of the ticket yeah well smart you
know I've gotten to know Sarah I've
gotten to know the governor quite well
over the last couple of years and I'll
say something he's an outstanding person
a real American patriot and when you get
to know her what the media did to her
was just an ABS
the tragedy but the same thing they're
doing in the Trump family all right so
let's go to some of your comments now
and we're gonna go back and forth and
we'll touch on a little bit of the
content but I told you I want to try a
format where we're gonna do content for
the first half then we're gonna talk
about what you guys want to talk about
for the second then this half hour this
hour flies by the first half hour is
already down let's see what Simon said
okay do i dink Trump Simon Reeves says
so I think Trump will pull out of NATO
no I do not I think Trump is threatening
to pull out of NATO using the same
tactics he's using with the tariffs its
leverage its leverage to get Europe to
pay their fair share into NATO the
United States can't be supporting the
world anymore last independence banker
says race history and culture shaming
that is exactly what the Democrats are
about you nailed it race history and
culture shaming embarrassed you should
be embarrassed to be a straight white
male Christian white male right
I should be mortified to get out of bed
in the morning that should be
embarrassed of my history I should only
see myself as a terrible misogynist
oppressor racist bigoted one step from a
rapist and god forbid god forbid I Drive
a nice car or or wear a nice watch god
forbid I do that I should be ashamed of
myself for working hard and succeeding
and so should all of you by the way oh
and by the way those should blacks and
Hispanics who do well for themselves and
wear nice clothes and buy nice cars and
go to work and work hard and make a good
living they should be ashamed of them
themselves too because they're sellouts
they're supposed to live in poverty
they're supposed to be hooked on drugs
they're supposed to have criminal
records those blacks and Hispanics are
not supposed to succeed they're not
supposed to have JD or MD or CPA behind
their name how dare they get off the
Democrat plantation the liberal
plantation how dare they Adam ji said
Sarah had an 80% approval rating in
Alaska as a governor is one of the
coolest people I've ever met one of the
nicest people I've ever met had the
pleasure of spending a lot of time with
her in DC a couple of months back and
did a couple of events together and and
you know had dinners and lunches and I
have to tell you something the governor
is an absolutely outstanding person
nothing but great things to say about
her and and it makes me even more
annoyed I'm more pissed off with the
media did to her in her family these are
very very good people very good people
Tech man says I want to say one more
thing our governments hijacked and top
politicians were bribed in many
countries well yeah that's true that's
true
that is true
that's true they are brought many
countries around the world are very very
corrupt Trump knows this from knows this
that is why he's not playing the game
but he's not playing the game look the
only Democrats only liberals only
globalists would say let's put it in
simpler terms
hmm I don't a business you want a
business I sell things to you you sell
things to me but the things you sell to
me you charge me 50% more I say to you
well I'm going to charge you 50% more
unless you stop charging me 50% more and
people attack me for that
only globalists sadists or morons would
think that's okay and that's all Trump's
doing with the tariffs saying you charge
us more for your goods I'm gonna charge
you more for our goods but hey we could
both stop charging each other more
Germany Germany is now considering
pulling all tariffs off US cars
that's all Trump is doing now here's
another scenario we live in two
townhouses side-by-side we both have
alarm systems we both escaped it's
supposed to be $50 a month for those
alarms but I pay $90 a month and you pay
10 for the both alarms because we
decided to put the building in together
well that's what's happening with NATO
Trump is just saying to you hey your
extra 40 bucks and let me get my 40
bucks back that's it and people are up
in arms about this it is so rudimentary
so simple but they don't want you to
think that they want to tell you it's oh
in sanely complex and and and it's
that's really not what it's about no
that's what it's about NATO has a budget
the United States is supposed to pay
this we're paying this to cover the
shortfall and Trump is saying well
unless we get back to paying this and
you guys pay this we're gonna pull out
and go it alone because you need us more
than we need you and with tariffs it's
we pay this they pay this and he wants
us both to pay this and people are going
crazy about that it is so ridiculous
so ridiculous
verbo Jones should I hate Russia well
here's the thing
Russia to me is an adversary not an
enemy
we are rushers adversary not an enemy
the neocons the global is one a shooting
war with Russia we don't need one we
have trade with Russia we have
diplomatic relations with Russia we have
commerce with Russia we have dialogue
with Russia that drives people nuts and
you know why because they know that
trump is gonna take that relationship to
better hide ever no right the collusion
that's nonsensical but why wouldn't we
have a good relationship with Russia why
we hacked them they hack us we put
troops on their border they put troops
on Eastern Europe's border it's the way
the world works it's how it works it's
leverage just proven each side hey we're
gonna be there if you try to get out of
line we're not gonna let you
they say it's us we say it to them we're
both playing a little dirty in Syria
they're an adversary not an enemy and I
don't want I don't like I despise these
media con elites who sit there demitasse
with their pinkies who we've never
gotten their hands there didn't they're
strapped on a gun they never worked the
street as a cop or put on a uniform and
served in the military yeah they're
really willing to send troops into
combat
sent cops and riots aren't they gutless
wimps every last one of them gutless
gutless wimps but let's see Democrats
agenda demon rats who bad calls them
make America a third world country and
I'm just checking my phone not to be
rude but I am may I just want to check
and make sure that we have no issues
with our producers we don't we had a
little stream issue yesterday so I just
want to make sure everything was looking
good on my end it says it is but I was
like to double check that want to bring
you guys a high quality show
and so the agenda the agenda is to
weaken the US okay varying Redbeard said
if we had guns we wouldn't need a global
policeman we need a constitution very
interesting comment what country are you
a logging in from
what country you're you logging in from
where you don't have firearms because
here in the United States our guns mean
so much to us and that because were
fanatical gun nuts I'm a hunter I'm a
shooter I'm a collector
okay I enjoy my guns my firearms are a
hobby but fundamentally I understand
that I have my guns because of what the
Democrats are doing the erosion of our
constitutional liberties think about
this if the government can create a
massive state with regulation okay
of Taxation what happens a crush private
industry right they push private
industry out of exist and say uh sure
and socialism
well when the government owns your
businesses you're not dependent on the
government to feed you to clothe you the
house you food clothing and shelter the
three most basic essentials for life
right then they take your guns
you can't rebel against them you can't
protect yourself to think about what
else the government's now done they've
giving you food clothing and shelter and
protection now you need capital n EE D
you need government you need government
you can't ever hook back to government
disagree with government refused to pay
government protest against government
they a cross word about government they
have you they've got you by the throat
and that's what socialism is all about
government controlling you that's why
Americans so vehemently vehemently
support our Second Amendment why we we
need our Second Amendment the purpose of
defects is to send money to foreign
deficits that MARTA foreign governments
the purpose of deficits Nukem bear says
and money to foreign governments for
loyalty or to equalize monetary gains
from one country to another its plan
depth I think it's even more sinister
than that the globalists want a
fundamentally weak in the u.s. they want
to take wealth from us and redistribute
it they want to redistribute the wealth
so that Mozambique is seen as on par
with the United States it's moronic
Mauritania is seen as on par with the
United States the example president
likes to use it's idiotic and that's
what it is that's what it is tele Oh
Paris is I'm French careful save your
country or you'll end up like here
culture shaming is big in France please
fight hard keep your culture settle your
first of all thanks for tuning in from
France second of all I couldn't agree
more the left wants this culture and
ideological war to do what I just said
if you can get rid of the EPA
Administrator you decrease oil
production when you decrease oil
production you decrease well when you
decrease all that you can increase
regulation and you increase taxation
then you crush private industry and you
come for the guns you disarm the public
and again and the government is giving
you food shelter
and protection and then they've got you
hmm that is the abyss that's the point
of no return
that's when you're at the point of no
return and and let me tell you something
we were perilously close to getting
there and if Hillary Clinton had become
President of the United States if
Hillary Clinton would have gotten the
two Supreme Court seats that Trump now
has he's got gorsek we're getting
another with Kennedy and if she would
have gotten what I think will be a third
because I don't think Ginsburg will
outlast Trump's two terms this country
would have irreversibly fallen off a
cliff irreversibly
eric says alan dershowitz said a liberal
threatened to stab him on in the heart
for not opposing trump yeah Dershowitz
has really been attacked by the left
he's been the subject of many many
attacks many attacks and I think it's
absolutely tragic what's happening and
mind you Alan Dershowitz has criticized
Donald Trump he's criticized Trump
I've spoken to their show at several
times over the last couple of weeks and
he's been very critical of Trump in in
many cases he doesn't uh
he's he doesn't like the politics being
infused in the Supreme Court pic he
doesn't believe in the need for another
second special counsel
he's been very critical of Trump but
Dershowitz has been fair he's a liberal
Democrat issue it honey conservative
Republican he's a liberal Democrat but
he's called it like he's seen it within
the the within the construct the
parameters of the rule of law and for
this liberals want to kill him they
wanna kill him they're nuts let's see
what Chaz 1422 says the left need
victims to protect so they can appear as
saviors very true
if victims don't exist they change the
rules and use smears and slander but
they can fulfill a false narrative of
saving the victim
very very true very very true and no
cops do not kill people somebody made
that comment which I think knotek you're
wrong
cops murder people left and right and
center and get away with it all the time
that is a wrong and ignorant comment and
you're believing the left-wing
mainstream media mm-hmm you're believing
the mainstream media John Zeeland said
his in his garage watching the great
rebel Johnny C awesome show thank you do
you know my family calls me Johnny and
then call me that that was a little kid
can't get away from it my mother calls
me Johnny
he said nephew call me uncle Johnny I
feel like I'm seven years old but you
know what John you're a Johnny you can
call me John hello all you guys can call
me Johnny of you so pum Josephine says
how are they getting away with
threatening and advocating advocating
violence against Trump and supporters
because they have the complicit
left-wing media enabling them
not reporting on the fallout not
reporting on what this is doing to the
families of those politicians of those
administration officials that's how
that's out ray says because racism yeah
that plays a part of it as well remember
a person of color a Muslim
a person of a different sexual
orientation a transgender under the new
rules of the left they're allowed to
attack White's
hell they can attack straight successful
blacks and Hispanics and Asian's if
you're a transgender you can attack
hetero people of any race there are no
rules on the left there are no sacred
cows anymore if you're a successful than
servitor even a moderate hell if you're
a liberal Democrat like Alan Dershowitz
who just doesn't subscribe to liberal
dogma you can be attacked and not only
can you can attack rather well I'm sorry
you can be attacked and if you're the
liberal liberal you can attack and not
only are you allowed to attack you'll
get covered and not only can you be
attacked but if you dare file a police
report
excuse me you file a police report or
you dare complain you're the oppressor
now you're no longer the victim those
are the new rules from the left
Democrats want open bore Peter houses
Democrats want open borders to gain
future votes from 2020 cheers from
Australia Peter thank you for tuning in
from Australia and yes that's exactly
why they want open borders illegal
immigration and the advocacy of it is
nothing more than an illegal vote schema
the Democrats like I said earlier have
no platform none not every agenda item
of Democrats failed raising taxes more
regulation open borders hating the
police abolishing ice it all failed
transgender grown men in the bathroom
with little girls it all felt America
doesn't want it all failed but now will
they have a racial identity politics
well that's failing what's next open the
borders import new democratic voters
doesn't matter if they're legal there's
why else with Democrats be opposed to
voter ID it is the easiest thing in the
world to get identification they don't
want voter ID because they want the same
illegal to be able to vote six different
times in different polling precincts the
only reason you'd be opposed to voter ID
because I can't think of anything more
racist anything more racist
than telling a black or hispanic
american you're too in company to get ID
don't worry we're gonna go to court and
protect you because you're too
incompetent to get identification if I
were a minority and the Democrats told
me that I'd spit in their faces and I've
got friends black friends Hispanic
friends they'll add the like they pull
out their licenses you know it took me
like five minutes I made it a point in
the DMV and went got it even kids
weren't old enough to drive and get a
non-driver ID it's the most ridiculous
thing in the world
it's the most ridiculous thing in the
world heck man you have seen a lot of
cops murders and shootings where where
have you seen a lot of cop murders and
you say you spend your life on social
media so you watch all the videos right
you're watching left-wing groups call
legal justifiable police uses of deadly
force murder that's what you're watching
you're watching DA's charge based on
politics not the law what you need to do
is you need to watch the adjudication of
those cases when juries say no that
wasn't murder that was a justifiable use
of force under Tennessee V Garner or one
of the other statutes and Supreme Court
decisions that allow police to
escalating use deadly force and I'm not
reprimanding you I'm giving you advice
trust me on this I was a street cop the
media and left-wing politicians will
prosecute cops don't look at the stories
look at what happens at the end of the
case and ask yourself why aren't those
being reported why aren't those
adjudications being reported do you know
why because 99.9 percent of the time the
cops are cleared for justifiably using
deadly force
that's what you're not seeing that's
what you're not seeing you're not seeing
those story last independent thinker
asks a great question how can it afford
to travel to so many protests at very
very wealthy left-wing donors
that's how Newcomb bear says cops baits
foot make split-second decisions
sometimes they overreact in hindsight
not even overreact you make a judgment
call on the street I've been an
officer-involved shootings I was the cop
pulling that trigger it all goes down in
a millisecond you don't have time to
think about case law all that matters
all that matters in a police involved
shooting or a law-abiding gun owner
protecting themselves is at that
split-second were you thinking that you
or another was in fear of their life and
if the answer is yes then you were
justified in pulling that trigger
be you're justified in pulling that
trigger that is the only thing that
matters a split millisecond you pull
that trigger am i saving my life or the
life of another and again if the answer
to that question is yes the shooting is
justifiable
shooting is justifiable and of course
there are some bad cops out there you
see them get arrested when when an
Michael Slater got the guy Walter Scott
in South Carolina I call that a bad
shooting the cops later was charged with
murder manslaughter that was a terrible
shooting when cops are wrong I called
them out but luckily for us in this
country and we have 700 and some 1000
worn gun carry and law enforcement
officers they are very very well trained
very very well trained
and we see negative incidents very few
and very far between mystically almost
zero and when they happen I call them
out because they're a stain on law
enforcement verbo donate a five bucks
instead enjoy a burger on me thanks
turbo I just might do that for lunch
today I've been eating well I'm kind of
in the mood for a burger I really
appreciate I appreciate you tuning in
every day also and thank you that I feel
in each I appreciate that
mmm now uh no tech man you're not making
yourself look stupid at all I'm glad you
raised the issue you're not you're not I
appreciate that comment but
unfortunately you like many others are
getting only one side of the story from
the media and those videos they often
put up the vilified police or very a
selectively edited edited so you're not
I want you to keep chatting you've been
giving adding something to the show
today you've been putting out great
comments so please keep doing it but I
encourage you look at all the facts
look research these cases when a case
upsets you when you see a case about
police use of force and it upsets you
don't rely on the video on social media
find out the names of the players
involved the cop the bad guy the
prosecutor do some homework on that case
and I guarantee you much more often than
not you're gonna find that ultimately
the police were cleared and these far
left groups on social media gave you one
side of the story with a selectively
edited video
Lord Sango says Rosen Stein's deadline
is today I believe it is I have the
double check that it's gonna be very
very interesting very very interesting
to see what happens there
MD mm and dllr just going to call you MD
he says that somebody has to trust in
DOJ that's pretty much entirely swampy
to make that attempt when I trust them
no not after the Awan whitewash I do not
trust a DOJ under rod Rosenstein and I
say under rod Rosen Stein because Jeff
Sessions Jeff Sessions is not a an
attorney general of any power he's a
figurehead
rhod Rosenstein is running DOJ Don
Zeeland says why isn't Soros in Gitmo
well yeah it really hasn't created a
crime I created committed a crime Thoros
the horrible guy but all those donations
he's making they're legal they're
illegal that's why we need more on the
right more wealthy people on the right
to be as aggressive as George Soros hmm
yeah sessions and he says basically did
abdicate his office he really did he's
checked out the guy has completely
completely decked out it's really tragic
actually people had high hopes for him
but we need an attorney general that
will actually act like an attorney
general not an attorney general who who
disappears when the going gets rough
let's see tech man is getting red pill -
hope so but no pick man has asked me
some great questions now listen I don't
want an echo chamber
I don't want an echo chamber I love what
tech man did today on the show put out a
controversial topic and you know
together we can kind of do some research
and get to the truth of what's going on
and again if I see dirty cops would be
the first one to call them out Eric asks
how does one make a five or ten dollar
donation there should be a little dollar
sign icon Eric right under this chat a
screen yeah I don't know if you could
see it there's a smiley face and to the
right of it a dollar sign a dollar sign
icon there
yeah I was talking about MD I was
talking about Jim Jordan earlier and I
think it's disgraceful
these were Division one collegiate level
wrestlers who were right around the same
age as Jim Jordan at the time this
happened why didn't they report it and
why didn't they beat the hell out of the
team doctor and dragged him bleeding to
a police station if he did this no I
don't believe the allegations against
Jim Jordan I don't
well international interference and
elections of foreign countries isn't
really our problem isn't really our
problem Newcombe I look Soros is an old
man and nobody's going after him he's
too powerful he's too politically
connected it's a waste of our time it's
a waste of our time if we're going to
appoint a second Special Counsel I'd
rather that second Special Counsel be
looking into the first special counsel
I'd rather than be looking into Muller
in DOJ and all of the things they did to
rig the elections here I don't really
care what Soros did in other countries
very interesting that Perkins Coie is
involved in all this MD says yeah very
interesting that Perkins Coie Hillary
Clinton's Law Firm very big and powerful
law firm were the ones who hid money
from Hillary's campaign and paid fusion
gps should say allegedly hid who paid
Christopher steel for the dossier even
more interesting that allegedly none of
that was ever disclosed to the FISA
Court when obtaining the FISA warrant
when obtaining the FISA warrant against
Trump admitted ministration and campaign
officials the whole thing stinks to high
heaven the whole thing stinks
Lord Sango says Perkins Coie is behind
the smearing Lobby Perkins Coie was the
intermediary I believe anyway my opinion
they were the intermediary that funneled
the money from the Clinton campaign
infusion GPS they did what lawyers do
they helped money in escrow and they
paid somebody else
I don't think Perkins Coie did anything
illegal I don't have never lead anything
improper
I think the Hillary campaign did I think
fusion GPS did by trying to circumvent
Federal Election Commission disclosures
but Perkins Coie held money for one
Anthony and paid another entity that's
what lawyers get paid to do every day
now if they knew they were circumventing
the FEC that's a different story then
Perkins Coie needs to be looked into but
we don't know I haven't seen any
evidence on that
anyone who says tick man says anyone who
says Canada is a country of immigrants
is wrong
Indians have been here generation after
generation for hundreds of years and are
firmly rooted as a culture identity
right but you're gonna be shamed for
saying that by leftist like Trudeau
you're no longer allowed to have
identity you're alone longer allit
allowed to have national pride or
cultural pride that's racist
Gavin 1130 ask me John do you think
anyone from the FBI will be criminally
charged ah Andrew McCabe I do think if
the FBI and the DOJ wanna save face and
and retain a shred of credibility
they've got to charge Andrew McCabe
they've got to criminally charge Andrew
McCabe because the Inspector General
noted that he lied four times unto
federal investigators thanks Eric for
the donation that he lied four times to
federal investigators three times under
oath they can't charge general Flynn and
George papadopolis and not charge Andrew
McCabe they'll lose all credibility for
doing that all credibility for doing
that so my my money would be on Andrew
McCabe being charged should be many more
should also be James Comey now I don't
let me say this about Peter Strahm he's
gonna be testifying on Tuesday the 10th
to Congress it's gonna be an open
hearing gonna be able to watch it we're
gonna be talking about that a lot on
Monday and again on Tuesday but the text
messages are not illegal
however if Peter Straub tampered with
those 302s
the witness interview reports then that
might rise to criminality well right now
I'll say the two at the FBI who should
be charged or comeon McCabe for lying
and leaking McCabe has a criminal
referral to DOJ from the IG Comey has a
criminal referral Department of Justice
from Congress I think if I had to say
anybody the FBI was gonna be criminally
charged my money's on McCabe my money is
on andrew mckay because he's the guy who
I think anyway is the dirtiest a lot but
we'll see we'll see I don't know how
much confidence I have in any of this
any of this I mean coming to justice I
really really don't
it's creating a massive crisis of
confidence and terrible morale among the
excuse me among the rank and file at the
FBI and the DOJ protect ban says I
really wish Trudeau would step down he
has completely wrecked this country in
three years
tunneling that's gonna happen much like
Obama he loves his power he loves love's
loves his power
these autocrats do these guys envision
themselves third-world dictators and it
has been an amazing hour with you guys
it's blown by again like it was five
minutes you have an amazing weekend
treat this as your second fourth of July
weekend go nuts party grill do whatever
you're gonna do go crazy I'll be back
here at 7:30 a.m. on Monday morning I'll
see you then you have a great great
weekend
