I saw this tweet the other day by CNN
and it had an article about every single
person in charge of Law & Order in
Georgia town is a black woman hmm isn't
that interesting these people are the
ones that are constantly preaching about
diversity diversity diversity what is so
diverse about all women and all black
that is the opposite of diversity I mean
congratulations it's great they're
always saying that women and black
people can't gain any power because of
white supremacy and look at here the
article says that when laDawn LBJ Jones
walked into a meeting at work a couple
of months ago she was hit with a serious
case of black girl magic I walked into a
very small conference room and I noticed
that it was all black women Jones told
CNN I kind of got the feeling of this is
nice this is exciting
many will hail this group as a
definitive sign of progress in the
tortured relationship between the
justice system and black America they
claimed that they didn't plan this the
women are quick to point out that this
wasn't some kind of grand diversity
experiment by South Fulton Georgia fifth
largest city whose population is almost
ninety percent black so it's interesting
that they claim that it is all black
because of the population however when
we have all white or all males or all
white males they somehow can't agree
that it's because of the population they
have to say it's white supremacy they're
still screaming tight you know diversity
needs to happen but I mean I don't
really see what's so diverse about all
women and all black if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
