Sheffield's lord mayor has declared
Donald Trump a waste man created a
Mexico solidarity day and banned the US
president from Sheffield but he doesn't
have the power to do it
have you seen that absolute non tee
Majid Majid the Lord Mayor of Sheffield
is the young Green Party councillor who
became mayor this year and since then
he's been posting photographs of him
with his cap on backwards wearing his
ceremonial gear and squatting on tables
not even joking and now the Lord Mayor
of Sheffield claims to have banned the
President of the United States from the
city the independent reported on this
today saying in advance of the US
president state visit to the UK Lord
Mayor of Sheffield Majid Majid has had
enough of the u.s. president and wants
to let him know he's not welcome in a
tweet that reads very much like a decree
he writes I Majid Majid Lord Mayor and
first citizen of the city hereby declare
that not only is Donald J Trump a waste
man but he is also henceforth banned
from the great city of Sheffield he also
declared on 13th of July the date of
Trump's visit to be Mexico solidarity
day the mayor entered a council session
with his mayoral change dressed in a
sombrero in solidarity with Mexicans
other Latinas and all people suffering
at the hands of the Trump regime okay so
first off walking into the council
chambers wearing a sombrero doesn't that
go against the last narrative they're
actually wearing sombreros is a
derogatory stereotype of Mexican people
this guy is one of the most childish
people I've ever ever seen I hereby
declare that Donald J Trump be banned
from this great city not only is he a
waste man what China childish behavior
is this from a lord mayor of this
country this is this is what we're
coming to with the far-left these days
but if you were wondering how he became
Lord Mayor in the first place and I
certainly was is because he was elected
by the council so the Lord Mayor is
elected every year by the council so it
should come as no surprise that the
council is made up a majority of Labour
councillors and there's some others in
their late Liberal Democrats in green
and there's three you Kipp and by the
way Lord Mayor of Sheffield it's just a
ceremonial post it comes with basically
no power magic magic gets his own badge
it becomes the honorary president of
multiple organizations he gets to host
an awards ceremony honey gets to wear
all the nice getup and gear which he
often wears over
his wrapper cloves but he categorically
does not have the power to ban the
President of the United States from
Sheffield the Lord Mayor of Sheffield is
a ceremonial post that is currently held
by a childish narcissistic imbecile that
was elected by a gang of father lunatics
from the Green Party and the Labour
Party he does not have the power to ban
the United States president from
entering Sheffield in fact Donald Trump
can enter the city of Sheffield whenever
the hell he wants and I suggest maybe
during his visit he should just to make
a point but the blatant disregard and
the lack of respect for this position
which is currently held by majid majid
shows exactly what's wrong in politics
elected officials are being shortlisted
and chosen based on minority points
Majid Majid is a Somalian immigrant he's
a young person he's a Green Party
councillor he's cool he's happy wears
his cap backwards and he's sticking his
fingers up to the racist patriarchal
establishment give it a rest
Majid you're not worthy to be Lord Mayor
of anything and your virtue signalling
just shows your distinct lack of
personality and your inability to think
critically if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team be
sure to download the brand new app from
the Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
