liberals love their cartel culture in
media yet virtue signal the right there
is something observably strange about
liberal ideological stances it seems
that they romanticize social hot topics
in order to sell themselves on
atrocities for political leverage
whether it is abortion versus the death
penalty child victims of Obama Clinton
era bombing campaigns versus children at
the border things only seem to matter
when they play into the left's political
hand a clear example of this is the
violence south of the United States
border here the cognitive dissonance is
palpable at the moment the left would
have you believe that the majority of
immigrants from Mexico are women and
children innocently seeking asylum yet
in their own films and TV shows they
depict cartel culture as violent and
ruthless they know the truth films and
shows like narcosis and Sicario are big
hits Breaking Bad is another example of
a hugely popular show it had a plot
based almost completely on cartel drug
and violence culture spilling over the
border into the u.s. suburbs its
propagandist Walter White is glorified
as he transforms from my high school
chemistry teacher into a drug lord whose
power and cruelty surpasses his cartel
rivals in late 2017 a Netflix location
scout working on the show narcos was
killed by cartel members Carlos mu√±oz
Porto was shot to death in a violent
region in central Mexico along with
narcos he is also accredited with the
location scouting of the film Sicario
Pablo Escobar's brother has been quoted
saying Netflix should provide hitmen as
protection for location scouts it seems
that the cartels were less than thrilled
with liberal Hollywood's trashy
entertainment driven depictions of them
in spite of this chickens coming home to
roost scenario the left still lives in a
deal
duality on one hand they make light
entertainment of the real violence
happening in Mexico yet on the other
hand they continue to obfuscate this
reality with their media fluff pieces
and call anyone who would reject mass
immigration from such a troubled region
as racist fascist and bigots a blatant
example of this doublethink is made
clear in just one week's reporting from
CNN they make light of the border
situation by making it sound like
nothing more than families being
separated unlawfully and less than one
week later they publish another article
on the 132 political candidates who have
been victims of violence leading up to
the Mexican election the levels of
delusion and blind a virtue signaling
from the left are becoming surreal when
viewed from a distance this dichotomy of
worship and announcement within the
left's mind becomes a stymie tan asleep
baffling yet crystal clear example of
how nothing they stand for is real it is
all just a Kabuki theater of political
grandstanding if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
