hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome
to the quo show today's tweet comes from
Cecilia who asks hey Andrew my best
friend just got a new boyfriend how do I
avoid becoming the third wheel when
we're all hanging out together ah yep
the infamous third wheel a role that I
think everyone plays at some point and
it can get pretty awkward if you've ever
experienced being a third wheel let me
know by giving this video a thumbs up
all right so there are definitely a
couple ways to avoid being a third wheel
but before you take any responsibility
you got to talk to your friend if she
wants to hang out with you well her
boyfriend's there then she should at
least agree to try and not make you feel
like a third wheel more than anything
that basically means please don't
if your friend doesn't agree with that
then you'll always be a third wheel when
you're with them and so you either have
to suck it up or just stop hanging out
with them that's their fault but
assuming that your friend isn't a jerk
then they should agree and in which case
you'll have a fighting chance the first
thing you should do is to try and become
friends with your friends significant
other because you're not being a third
wheel if it's just a bunch of friends
hanging out maybe ask them to hang out
sometime provided that you don't think
it would be too awkward so you've been
my friend and if that doesn't work try
always having another friend are in so
there's two extra wheels see now you're
just a car and there's nothing awkward
about that this is probably your best
bet considering the fact that no matter
what happens you always got somebody you
can talk to you and leave with if need
be and if they're all over each other
then at least the two of you can make
fun of it but at the end of the day
being a third wheel is really just a
matter of perspective me personally I
just like to think of it as one big
tricycle so we doing this or what no
anyways those are my strategies for
avoiding being a third wheel but I want
to hear yours what do you do to feel
comfortable around your friend and their
significant other let me know in the
comments below and maybe it'll help
someone else and if you got a problem
that needs solving tell me about it on
twitter using the hashtag quote show and
who knows
you'll make a video about it but if time
is of the essence I can answer your
question anytime considering the fact
that I'm live on you-now three times a
week giving advice just like this from
my webcam a streaming schedule as well
as the link for it will be in the
description below check it out make sure
that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
time peace
you
