everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome to
the cloche Oh today's tweet comes from
Cheyenne who asks what do I do if the
personal choices I make like not getting
drunk or high every day have left me
alone and with zero friends reading this
question just gives me this visual in my
head of like a group of kids hanging out
doing drugs and then someone saying hey
some kids here he wants to know if you
can join our group and then one of them
going well do they get I don't know okay
did somebody say drugs because I
definitely do those I'm a druggie drugs
all day okay tell you what you can join
if you snore like this no but no
seriousness if the only way you'll be
friends with these kids is if you do
that stuff then you're honestly better
off just not being friends with them
even if you did drink or do drugs if
that's the reason that you're friends
with them then they're just not good
friends and I don't know much about
where you live or the people there but I
have to really doubt that everyone there
is like that just have to meet the right
people just try taking in class and
something that you're interested in or
joining a club just something where you
can meet people with similar interests
hey is this the music club huh
what yeah hey welcome you do you do
drugs right well hey even in a
worst-case scenario when there is no one
new you that you can get along with just
make some internet friends I've made
tons of friends online helped half my
friends are probably internet friends
it's weird but uh I like you mmm that
quote actually sums up my feelings
towards a lot of things anyways thank
you for your question Cheyenne but I'm
curious to hear what you guys think do
you think she should just suck it up and
do some drugs let me know what you guys
think in the comments below and if you
have a problem that needs solving hit me
up with the hashtag quote show on
Twitter so I can help you out also if
you want to see me do this live hit me
up on you now where three times a week
I'm on my webcam basically just doing
this the link for that as well as my
schedule will be in the description
below if you enjoyed this video make
sure that you give it a thumbs up to let
me know and also make sure that you're
subscribed to me to be notified of
future videos
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys
