hey everyone I'm a Jew quo and welcome
to the quo show it's a new thing that
I'm starting my channel where basically
you guys hop on Twitter and ask for
advice using the hashtag quo show and I
answer anyways today's question comes
from Victoria who asks the guys been
talking to me quite frequently and
acting really friendly laughing at my
jokes but he's he actually flirting with
me here's the thing uh it's hard to say
I mean maybe you're just hilarious what
I think you should do is try and
evaluate if he's laughing more than he
should be just because he likes you tell
a bad joke and see if he laughs or ask
for help doing something and see how
much interest he has in helping you for
me personally when I like a girl I'm
willing to go the extra mile to help her
out
hey Andrew can you help me out yeah sure
what's instant with sports it's not
quick ad um okay I know what I think
you're doing wrong because you're doing
the right click when you need to be okay
okay thank you
oh yeah no problem whereas when I'm not
as interested
hey Andrew can you help me out but if
you don't want to wait for him to subtly
tell you that he likes you
just try making the first move like if
I'm talking to a girl and she touches my
arm casually in conversation or
something like that and I like her I'm
gonna touch her right back or at least
like smile more or give her signs that
I'm into it but if you try this and he
looks uncomfortable
never again at least it means that
you're really funny anyways thank you
Victoria for the question but I want to
hear what you guys think how do you tell
what a guy's flirting let me know in the
comments below and maybe you'll help
someone out and if you have a problem
that needs solving
hit me up on Twitter with the hashtag
close show and maybe I'll make a video
about it also if you don't want to wait
for me to make a video about your topic
you could always ask me about it on my
live shows it's basically just me live
for my webcam three times a week
helping you guys out so if you're
interested my schedule and the link will
be in the description below make sure
that you give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and also subscribe to me
to be notified of future videos and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next time peace
you
