everyone I'm Andrew and a lot of people
have been asking me how I'm so confident
I actually never really thought of
myself as confident well at least not in
comparison the people I hang out with
we're gonna we're gonna go but I suppose
that's a little more cockiness anything
else I guess you could say that I am
confident now but I definitely wasn't
always actually funny enough making
YouTube videos helped me a lot I started
making videos back in high school and at
first they were just so painfully
awkward
I was quiet and shy and would stutter
but I really wanted to make my videos
better and more entertaining so I took
it upon myself to start pointing out all
of my flaws on camera a task by the way
that was super easy to do and just
slowly but surely worked on trying to
fix them things like sit up straight or
look more enthusiastic or move your
hands when you speak and once I finally
got it to a point that I liked I noticed
that the way I talk to people in general
I changed just by getting into the habit
of it I started speaking more
confidently to everyone and body
language was a big part of that
I was looking people right in the eye
standing up straight puffing my chest
out and I actually read online somewhere
that there was this power pose that you
could get into that was scientifically
proven to boost your testosterone and
amp up your confidence and while I could
have actually learned the pose I just
figured I could wing it if it felt right
it probably was hey thanks for coming to
the audition do you need a script look I
don't need this script okay what I do is
called mecha watch and learn
Oh actually no one I did for you mind so
that was my bad but I definitely still
go through times where I'm not nearly as
confident for me personally not having
confidence comes from this fear of what
people might think of me when I do
something it's like when you tell a joke
that no one likes and then I was like
last I checked
snails don't even have me the funniest
joke
you never heard what's the difference
between roast beef and pea soup anyone
can roast beef
why would you say that but the reality
is that even a worst-case scenario even
when you totally humiliate yourself
people forget about it pretty quickly
and more often than not just not care at
all other people have their own things
to worry about when you see someone walk
into a pole or pull and push door is
your first response hey all my friends
on a conference call you're never gonna
believe what just happened
no I mean you might chuckle a little bit
but you know that you've done worse
you'll just strung it off and move on
so the next time you embarrass yourself
in public just remember that most likely
this is what other people are thinking
hey guys you know you see that that guy
just fell flat on his face and done
anything with my life I wet my bed every
night till I was 10 and I still sleep
over it wow you guys sure have a lot of
problems my point is that everyone gets
self-conscious confidence isn't a thing
that you have and keep forever it comes
and goes depending on how you're feeling
about yourself and the best thing you
can do is to embrace who you are and to
care less about what other people think
about you cuz no matter how great you
are there is always gonna be people that
you can't impress anyways that was just
my personal experience dealing with
confidence but I want to hear from all
of you do you consider yourself to be a
relatively confident person and why or
why not I'm excited to hear what you
guys have to say and if you enjoyed this
video at all it would help me out a lot
if you could give it a thumbs up make
sure that you're subscribed to me for
regular videos and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week
you
