everyone how's it going about a month
ago I turned 22 and that kind of scares
me 22 might not sound that old but it
feels like just yesterday I graduated
high school and that was four years ago
now considering how quickly last four
years have gone by I'm scared I'm just
gonna wake up tomorrow and be 30 and I
am way too immature to be 30 30
year-olds have solid careers okay
they're like real adults they think
about getting married and having kids I
still eat pop-tarts for breakfast okay I
can not handle that kind of pressure but
whether I like it or not lately I've
started noticing some little things that
I've been doing that teenage me would
never do one example of this is when I
was 18 I was able to eat the greasiest
foods I'm talking like going whole days
with eating nothing but fast food and I
wouldn't think twice they would a is on
the other hand my body cannot handle
that just a little bit too much fast
food and I'm sick for the whole day
don't get me wrong though okay I still
love me some fast food just you know in
smaller doses and there are days where I
actually crave like a salad or something
healthy that my body will actually
approve us don't do it what who are you
I am I'm your body this is a
hallucination all right that kind of
makes sense look man if you eat that
burger you're gonna feel sick for the
rest of the day but come on look at it
it looks so good I know it looks good
alright but give me up for a second
you're a warrior you have an iron wheel
yeah you know what I do there's not even
a question of can you resist that burger
because we both know you can I mean
easily the real question is what are you
gonna
instead of that burger I mean there's a
salad bar up the street that a salad bar
that's a good call wait who are those
guys don't mind them salad bar go and I
used to be able to stay up until 5:00
a.m. every night and sleep in until 3:00
p.m. and you know it wasn't a good habit
to be in but I don't think I could do
that now if I tried and look I see how
dumb it is to be complaining about
having a good sleeping schedule but I
would just like to know that I could
stay up really late and sleep in a lot
if I wanted to you know just so I could
feel young again
okay so four five-hour energy drinks I'm
not sleeping for the next 20 hours wow
that is super impressive hey you know we
should do for that time what we should
talk about how cool you are
okay all right well for starters I think
it's awesome how like your videos are so
inconsistent you don't I mean like in
one video you got all this facial hair
and then next one you're just completely
clean Taemin look at my eyes yeah and
this next one just made me feel really
old okay I went to a bar last weekend
and I didn't even get carded there was a
bouncer and he was checking for IDs but
he took one look at me and he's too soon
he's trusted that I was of age we're
just gonna get you inside Tony Hobbs no
no you're probably older than me yeah I
don't need that k9 I'm only 22 yeah 22
men you're gonna heart okay it was a
little bit of an exaggeration but that's
actually how it felt like and another
thing nowadays I'm always worried about
bills between my phone bill Internet
hydro rent there's just always something
else to throw money at and just become a
big stress actually you've been paid
anything those bills and months and me
and one we're done covering for you I
know that one more we'll do this and
we're gonna evict you isn't that right
what anyways I don't know maybe I'm just
freaking out a little too much I still
have a lot of time to get my life
together and who says you have to have
it all by 30 I did earlier but I was
wrong
honestly I'm probably gonna still be a
man-child by the time I'm 50 and I'm
weirdly okay with that but most
important is that you're living your
life in a way that makes you happy
and as long as you don't hurt anybody
else go nuts anyways that's all that I
really had to say for this video so if
you enjoyed it let me know by giving it
a big thumbs up and also leave a comment
down below telling me the things that
you still do that are a little childish
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
