hey guys so I got a bit of a confession
to make something that most people don't
know about me hell even my parents know
know this about me well that's just a
straight-up lie I'm Canadian the thing
about being Canadian is that I feel like
a lot of people think that us Canadians
are basically just Americans who are
overly nice and have free health care
but in thinking that you're wrong for
example most of the world uses the
metric system Canada included but our
neighbors down south however they don't
and because we're so close to them as a
Canadian that can make things pretty
confusing
well she want to go a dress like that
it's like 30 degrees out there
wait really Buddhist winter what wait so
do I mention in theory global warming
well damn I'm not complaining another
problem that I feel like only Canadians
really have is our money well there's
nothing necessarily wrong with it it
looks funny and kind of smells like
maple syrup
I'm not joking it actually smells like
maple syrup my American friends will
make fun of it which I don't really get
why because their money is boring in all
the same color whereas ours is colorful
and kind of looks like monopoly money I
don't see what's not to like it's also
basically indestructible which is
awesome if someone's trying to destroy
our money it's not really a situation
that I'm familiar with but I imagine
you'd play out something like this
oh they still eat this you know it's
Waterford right christen you're there
check this out yeah you need scissors
yeah I need scissors thank you beyond
that anyone who ever hears I'm Canadian
will always follow up with something
like say something in French I think
people need to understand that not all
Canadians know French sure it's a class
that all Canadian students have to take
up until the point but like any of the
things I've learned from any of my
classes I'm gonna forget it the second
up fast unless you're a pretty girl
then for whatever reason French just
comes back to me
wait select you're Canadian oh my god
say something in French ESCA Shiva
toilet oh wait did you see the word
toilet
what Oh nope definitely didn't say that
uh yeah you did
you just said toilet oh that okay no
what I said was is that you look better
than the finest of toilets hmm I
honestly wouldn't be surprised if this
next problem applied to a lot of other
nationalities but whenever I'm online
the only politics that I'm hearing about
is American
if someone says they're running for
president it is an international
trending topic Obama telling a joke is
on every website in seconds and gets
millions of hits nobody's ever really
talking about Canadian politics and if
I'm being perfectly honest I don't
really know a whole lot until someone
starts doing crack no one really seems
to care hey mine up through the news on
Stephen Stoppers but to say something
Stephens do either school with him no no
he's our prime minister so you're saying
that like it's a thing I'm supposed to
guy that runs our country well I bet
that's news to our president this guy
and I don't know if this last problem
even applies to other people or if it's
just me but I don't know anything about
hockey and as a Canadian that is just
straight-up offensive to my people yo
did you guys catch the Habs game last
night yeah it was so good do you guys
not watch hockey me no okay
I love hockey you know we both do
touchdown all right get out of my house
Touche yeah I'm just gonna yeah so being
in Canadian it's not easy I love it but
it's not easy anyways those are just
some problems that I've experienced as a
Canadian but every nationality has its
own issue so I want to hear yours where
are you from and what kind of
stereotypes do you deal with let me know
in the comments below and if you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up to let me
know if we could reach 2,000 thumbs up
I'll be really sweet subscribe to me if
you have not already and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next
