hey so if you don't already know I'm
lucky enough to be a full-time youtuber
which might sound wicked in theory but
that basically means that I'm at home
all day every day and when I'm not
making videos it can get pretty boring
so because of that I've become something
of an expert at dealing with boredom are
you ever bored good because today I'm
going to show you how to deal with that
and how to never be bored again let's
start this try having a good
conversation people just don't talk as
much as they used to you know now is a
better time than ever to just pick a
friend and bring back the art of
conversation do you think the economy is
going to get any better in the next 10
years or you can clean your room I mean
let's be honest here it's a little
overdue
well let's get to work
Kobe London maybe you're just feeling
kind of antsy and you need some physical
exercise in which case start a pillow
fight okay one well as last time you
even had a pillow fight it's probably
been a while and - don't don't act like
you're too mature for a pillow fight
you're just lying to yourself you're
lying to me and I'm actually a little
offended if I'm being honest just make
sure that whoever you're fighting is
armed it's got to be a fair fight or
else what's even the point you want cash
it's just some good wholesome fun do you
know how to cook why not start now by
trying out a new recipe from a cookbook
not only is being able to cook an
essential life skill but a good meal is
the way into anyone's heart
go outside it's finally starting to feel
like spring so go enjoy the Sun I can't
even remember the last time I went
outside just to walk around I mean just
a couple decades ago that was all people
did probably you know what let's go see
what all this hype is about oh oh yeah
well um I guess I've always been a
little bit more of a night out and hey
if you're anything like me and you enjoy
spending time inside uh try downloading
some games to your phone and playing
those I personally I've been playing a
lot of this one game called Dungeon
Hunter 5 and let me just tell you it's
heavily addicting I'm a sucker for
anything medieval and I've never seen a
free game with graphics this good so I
recommend you just go check it out and
see for yourself
anyways I hope that I've given you some
ideas on things you can do when you're
bored if I did let me know by giving
this video a thumbs out I'm just saying
that if you're still bored I got a whole
lot of other videos that you can watch
leave a comment letting me know how you
deal with boredom and maybe you could
give a couple more ideas to everyone
watching this video also make sure that
you're subscribed to me because I make
new videos every Tuesday with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
