Hey so I get a lot of messages from
girls asking advice about guys why is
this guy acting like this does he like
me stuff like that let me just say that
guys are not hard to read at all so
today I'm just gonna share some things
that I think all girls should understand
about guys and when you do I think
everyone's life is just gonna be easier
if a guy chooses you
it means he likes you this is some
standard kindergarten stuff these things
just don't change I'm 21 and I still
tease the people I like
I also tease everyone else too I'm just
a mean person
don't don't aspire for this we like
being asked to open stuff and to kill
bugs now between the two we would
definitely rather open stuff then kill
the bugs but that's just because it
makes us feel strong and useful and
who'd really want to harm a cute little
innocent I just don't want to touch bugs
I'm sorry that's what it is I will do it
but we'll probably go over a little
something like this
hi but you and me let's dance
Oh where'd it go we really love getting
compliments now I know that this one
seems super obvious cuz I mean who
doesn't like hearing something nice but
we honestly don't hear them very often
and while you might think that it's
obvious that we just did something well
or that we look really good today if you
don't say anything we honestly might
have no clue you just don't really
compliment each other all that much so
we basically just have you and our moms
to do it for us hey mom what was that
one thing you were just saying about me
a second ago yeah that Thanks we don't
like being told that we're bad at
something regardless of what it is or
how bad we really are I've said many
times before that guys have pretty frail
egos a lot of us are competitive and if
we try it something we really don't want
to suck if we do suck there are nicer
ways of telling us that wasn't the worst
thing I've ever seen I mean I don't
think any less of you for embarrassing
yourself like that I don't beat yourself
up about so much I mean you got other
talents like uh well I can't really
think of anything off and put I mean
come on you can't be completely useless
right our friends will side with us no
matter what a hundred percent of the
time all the time for some reason our
friend lies to you we will not call them
out so don't ask us to we will
definitely lie
give me viewer Josh's uh Josh ooh you
know your friend Josh there's only one
Oh him yeah he's sick really cuz he told
me he was at the mall oh yeah sorry he's
at the mall what at the mall you just
said he was off you just said he was at
the oh I did indeed he said what a lot
of guys always carry a condom on them
and it doesn't even mean that we're
expecting to have sex it's just a good
habit to have better to have it when you
don't need it then to not have it when
you do need it honestly though whenever
a girl seeks a condom in my wallet they
say something like oh my god is that a
condom so what are you like expecting
something honestly I'm just coming
prepared
I don't trust other people's condoms
they might have poked holes in them look
I've seen it on TV
okay it is a real thing and it could
happen to me anyways thank you for
watching this video I hope you learned a
thing or two about how guys think you
did or if you just thought that this
video was entertaining make sure that
you hit the thumbs up button because
that really helps me out and leave a
comment telling me things that you think
that guys should know about girls hey
I'm just saying if there's enough
content maybe I'll make a video out of
it also I've been doing you now
broadcasts a lot lately which is
basically where I go live on camera and
chat with you guys for a while I'm
trying to do them everyday so if you're
interested in chatting with me I'll put
the link in description below where you
can click and become a fan of me on
there and doing so will notify you the
next time I go live make sure that
you're subscribed to me as I make new
videos weekly and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week
