hey guys so today I'm joined with my
good friend you probably know him Ryan
Vallejo yeah and we're gonna get drunk
we're playing some drunk trivia today
we're gonna be asked some very easy
questions and just really make herself
look dumb so my roommate Daniel over
here is going to be asking us questions
and telling us the answers and if we
lose we've taken shots let's do it
Nigeria Zimbabwe Jamaica the United
States Canada it was the u.s. times like
this I really wish that we bought chase
we didn't next question which shoe
company did Michael Jordan famously Nike
yep okay yeah you knew the questions I'm
on you I'm Texas black are they gonna be
like which city Oh San Antonio shit oh I
like this game I'm diggin it I'm doing a
good job
I don't usually win it anything I'm
quite the loser in which 20th century
decades was Barbie knowledge no no it's
just like the sixties they had that
style yeah hundred years 90 years 98
years 111 95 years 131 years 33 years no
hos not a hundred years why was the
title at that 116 years oh you were
going up you should have gone up faster
I was getting worse
uh-huh what is the approximate
population of the earth million hi
you drink Daniel drinks this is my
roommate there you go what is the most
widely spoken language English Mandarin
Chinese come and hold my hand
friendship got through that which
country is the largest number of English
speakers USA China India oh fuck I do
like a sour but everything's like come
on pick the babes face so just water now
this country is the most earthquakes per
year you and there's a D Mongolia no
Mexico no North Korea Philippines South
Korea no yes you guys need to get two
more guesses where does it start it all
right
Indonesia yeah whoa whoa whoa you so
gross
in it to win it in which TV series is a
coffee bar called Central Perk forensics
yep I don't watch friends fuck it
tiebreaker realistically I've probably
won so name three countries starting
with the letter P whele Virgin Islands
Virgin Islands she's gonna hit one more
guy though and you don't think of them
that we have to name one more oh shit
Vietnam
don't even remind me about no take a
shot I've seen this shit losing losing
shot yeah losing shut shut to go does
not go down to using this guy so that
was the video if you enjoyed it make
sure you give a thumbs up leave a
comment letting us know who you think
won I feel like I lost but I forgot a
few victories in there you know like
coochie-coochie got him with the upswing
we continue drinking challenges over on
Ryan's channel where we're probably
gonna get way more drunk than we
currently are I'm gonna look forward to
it so go check that out and subscribe to
him if you have not already subscribed
to me if you haven't already and I guess
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week is the only person I want
to tell do you have to tell me
