hey guys so I get a lot of messages
asking how to get a boyfriend as a guy I
can tell you that it doesn't take much
to make us crazy about you you just got
to know how to do it unlike getting a
girlfriend which is apparently much much
harder anyways today's video is about
how to get a boyfriend so the first
thing you need to do is to make an
impression maybe you already know the
guy or maybe you just saw him for the
first time but if you like him you need
him to know that you exist you have to
talk to him even if that means stepping
outside your comfort zone and starting
the conversation what's important to
keep in mind here is that in guys heads
we put girls in the categories based on
how they act around us we could see you
as girlfriend material as someone we
would just hook up with as a friend or
somebody that we never ever want to see
again so let's just be optimistic here
and assume you're not the last one if
you are super flirtatious with everyone
odds are they won't want to date you
that would just make us jealous and
insecure a lot of guys are insecure not
me but all the other ones so what most
you would just be seen as a hookup then
the flip side of that if you're never
flirtatious they're not going to know
that you like them and you'll just be a
friend don't get friendzone we want to
do is only flirt with him and don't come
on too strong and while that might sound
complicated when I'm basically saying is
flirt with him just don't sexually
harass him if he likes you back then
he'll probably meet you halfway or at
least not look completely uncomfortable
if when you touch him he flips out Oh
what are you doing he's probably not
interested the next thing you want to do
is to find excuses to hang out with them
this could mean anything from studying
together or going for a walk to
legitimately calling in a date what I
like to do is to trick girls into going
on a date with me by calling it a date
just before hanging up the phone I
actually don't know if that would work
on guys I mean it didn't work on girls
that's for sure anyways take this time
to get to know the guy find out what you
have in common and what you don't this
is the point in which you determine
whether or not you actually want to be
with this guy cuz it's not too late to
back out and you can potentially
discover some huge deal-breakers maybe
he's allergic to dogs or likes
Nickelback or is a racist the point is
you gotta find this stuff out now before
you commit and then if he's not severely
flawed and you haven't changed your mind
you pounce like an animal and you dig
your claws in before he can get away the
one thing that you want to do that I
don't think enough people do is after a
few dates to actually have that
conversation say you want to be
exclusive but uh weird it better like
this garage only is one spot and I want
you to take it I want you to have the
only seat on this train a drill ville I
want us to be human centipede style
stitched together I don't know whatever
girls say these days anyways that was
the video if you liked it make sure you
give it a big thumbs up leave a comment
letting me know your sweet moves to pick
up guys or girls I personally like to
stare intently at chicks until they feel
inclined to ask what's wrong with me
works every time
before I go I wanted to talk about this
new app called tag stir I've been using
it a lot lately and it's basically a
better version of Instagram I mean you
can share photos audio files and videos
up to 4k on Instagram it's hard for
people to find your content unless
they're already following you and what I
like about tag stir is that you don't
need any followers for people to find
your content everything you post goes
out to the whole world so gaining
followers is really easy I actually like
this app so much then be following back
a ton of people who download the app and
like a few of my photos so go do that
I'll put a link in the description
anyways subscribe to me if you haven't
already as I make new videos every
Tuesday and Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next
