Hey recently I've kind of fallen into a
bit of a rut I've had a lot of trouble
trying to find the creativity to make
videos and I've just felt pretty
stressed out I haven't been happy not
because of anything specifically but I
just feel like I'm bored of doing the
same things every day but these are
things that I know I have to do to get
to where I want to go and so I can't
just stop doing them and like go
backpacking across Europe I mean if I
could at least afford that it might be
an option but I am way too broke for
that what I need to change is my mindset
and so today I'm gonna be talking about
how to be happy happiness shouldn't be
something that you only feel when you
get the promotion you wanted or lost or
put on the weight you were aiming for or
finally go on vacation
you should find happiness in your
everyday life and even on your bad days
you should know how to bounce back
hopefully this video will help you do
that let's begin number one do something
that you love
everyone's got hobbies that help them
take their mind off things you could
listen to some music watch Netflix or
eat some cheap disgusting food my
favorite when you're feeling down the
last thing you want to do is think of
all the reasons that you're not happy
that's never gonna help so use your
hobbies to help take your mind off
things
you'll feel a lot better when you do but
hey if that doesn't work you can always
try number two hang out with your
friends friends are basically therapists
that don't get paid you can complain to
them and they have to always take your
side or they can help you take your mind
off your stress by just hanging out with
you personally oven for hours - my
roommates and they won't mind it all go
away but sometimes being unhappy is a
physical thing if you don't have a lot
of energy you'll feel like crap and
that's why I think that if the first two
steps don't work you gotta try number
three and live healthier being healthier
just makes you feel better overall and
it doesn't even have to be a hard change
to make maybe drink a little less soda
and drink a little more water cook for
yourself a little more instead of eating
out and do you exercise at all
there is no better feeling than right
after a workout
oh I feel alive and sometimes you just
need a little bit of assurance that
people care about you that you make
people happy and that they value you
which leads me to number four make
people smile whether or not you believe
in karma helping other people ultimately
helps you and well it might not be a big
deal to you could be a huge deal to
someone else when you make someone smile
you don't know how much it means to them
you might have just made their day
that's why I've taken upon myself to
make at least one person smile each day
now would you look at the time it's
half-past make someone smile a clock
let's get to work all right let's do
this hey man look I know you've been
going through a bit of a rough patch
financially and I just want to let you
know I'm here for you
you know it is a cutthroat world out
there I'm your friend I care about you
and I wanted to show you that I did by
giving you two dollars dude you don't
you don't have to do this I insist
really I can't get myself out of debt
with this did you at that yes good dude
dude I feel so good right now like so
good I got like a pump going and
everything I'm gonna need that money
back now but you said I could have this
but hey made you smile right I still
feel good about that but hey that was
the video if you uh oh I was only four
points though wasn't it oh that's weak
okay no no I got it
number five sleep more boom you know
everyone loves sleep you know like the
energy that you get from sleeping makes
your body it's good all right so that
was the video if you enjoyed it make
sure you give it a big ol thumbs up just
a good old-fashioned thumbs up I mean
who doesn't like doing that I do
I I don't just give it a thumbs up leave
a comment letting me know what you do to
make yourself happy I want to know what
you do to pleasure you okay well I
didn't mean it like that you know what I
mean what cheers you up when you're
feeling blue let's make the come into
this video a place where we can just
learn about new things to do to cheer
ourselves up make sure that you
subscribe to me as I make new videos
every Tuesday and Friday and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week
