hey guys so it's Q&A time using the
hashtag ask a cue so buckle up cuz
safety first what I heard that you
showering naked is the statement true
actually no I'm a never-nude so next
what is the most embarrassing thing you
have ever done well drunk okay so there
was this one time when I was at a club
and I was maybe a little too drunk and
so my friend helps escort me to the
washroom where I'm sitting on the toilet
fully clothed but like spitting between
my legs thinking I might puke and I have
another friend who walks into the
washroom and he also a little too drunk
and he decides that there's not enough
time to explain the situation not enough
time to ask me to move and he throws up
between my legs in my opinion that is
how true friendships get formed that and
crossing pee streams why do guys prefer
to be flirtatious online and when
actually meeting the girl they get all
how's the fucking weather well the
reason is when we're not physically
there we consult about everything we say
with our friends all right guys she just
said not much how about you what did I
say to that
try saying not much yet with a winky
face girls love Winky faces asked if she
wants to bang all right yes I thought
this was gonna be helpful advice and
staring to be far less helpful they
thought it'd be would you suck a dick
for $10,000 what do you do when you're
not on YouTube well I have a rock
collection
do you like babies yeah of course babies
are adorable you know except for when
they cry to screen vomit grow up and
learn to talk consistent laugh a
peekaboo look me in the eye for tools do
you ever feel like people know too much
about your life because you make youtube
videos I honestly think that you guys
don't know enough about me so here's
some facts that you probably didn't know
I can do this with my tongue I think
that French is an attractive language
but not Canadian French I cry every
night
my dick is supers have the girls you've
dated in the past been really different
or really similar well I don't speak any
my exes so if you think about it if we
don't talk it's kind of like we already
dated can you drink a glass of water
while doing a handstand I can't even do
a handstand if you had to choose between
Emma Watson and Emma
who would you choose I'm gonna have to
say Emma Stone because I would have her
call me Peter Parker and I were to call
her Gwen Stacy and then my life would be
perfect
what is your zombie apocalypse survival
plan I'm gonna kill everyone I care
about before they get bitten so they
don't live in fear what can I say I I
care too much what made you want to be a
youtuber well when I initially started I
thought that youtubers made a lot of
money boy was I ever wrong when are you
visiting Florida again ever heard this
little thing it's called playlist live
like this YouTube gathering well let's
take a look at the guest list shall we
oops how do I get on there no for real
though all jokes aside this is a really
big deal to me because I've gone the
gatherings very consistently for the
past few years and I've never been put
on any guest list or like website so
that's really cool to me and I hope to
be meeting a ton of you guys there would
you ever date a fan I would definitely
date someone who's watched or watches my
videos because that's one of the most
important things in my life but I
wouldn't say oh a date a fan only
because I wouldn't want to be in a
relationship with someone who's putting
me like on a pedestal above them because
I'm not I'm just some loser kid in my
room making videos well that was the
video I had a lot of fun do you have fun
yes yes you did good good anyways if you
wanna be featured in future Q&A is make
sure you're following me on Twitter my
username is at Andrew quo and the Luke
walls will be in the description below
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and also make sure
that you're subscribed to me does that
make new videos every Tuesday and Friday
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week on Friday though this
is what I mean it's kind of a flawed
ending
