hey guys so new years just passed
recently and everyone is making new
year's resolutions the thing with new
year's resolutions though is that they
are just so damn hard to keep you want
to lose weight that takes a lot of work
you want to ace the class do you have
any idea how much studying that takes
you might as well just say goodbye to
your weekends what you need is some
resolutions that you can actually
accomplish and thereby feel good about
yourself for taking a step towards
positive change without work at you hard
that's exactly why I'm here yes today
I'm gonna be sharing with you some
realistic new year's resolutions tell me
2015 the most productive and easiest
year yet let's begin go outside real
go-getters may set a certain amount of
times a day to just go get breath of
fresh air but i'm just generally saying
go outside i mean you could just do it
once and I'd be proud I mean that's one
more than last year resolution achieve
to eat more a lot of people try and lose
weight as the resolution that's a lot
harder with my resolution there's no
more contemplating whether or not to get
seconds you can actually feel good doing
it cuz like it's your resolution your
success initiate less conversation now I
don't know about you guys but whenever I
see someone attractive I have this sort
of inner debate as to whether or not I
should go talk to them with a resolution
like this there will be no debate wow
this is so easy don't wear pants at home
unless there's people over cuz who likes
wearing pants you know what speaking of
which much better lose things more often
you ever feel like you just know where
too many of your things are this is a
great one because it makes a bad thing a
good thing where are those damn scissors
you know what I think i mighta lost them
oh wait now here they are damn it become
a hat person there are some people who
identify as a hat user and they're just
always wearing a hat become that person
say goodbye to bad hair days because
you're a hat person now drink water
sometimes it's important to stay
hydrated but other drinks do taste
better so only really drink it when
there's nothing else judge more people
for their taste in music now I already
do this a lot so
try and do it more it's gonna be tough
but you know what challenge accepted yo
one yeah are you still listening to that
country garbage I like it hello hello
yeah try reading more not books is
stupid idiot but articles from facebook
those titles are incredibly high
catching scientists finally discover
exactly why eating red meat causes
cancer are you writing me I need to know
that five annoying ways trailers trick
you into seeing movies I'm already
annoyed 35 things you need to know about
Cincinnati before you move there I never
thought about moving to Cincinnati but
you never know learn how to dance not
like with classes just kind of figure it
out
done think more about space like there's
just so much of it you know are there
aliens aren't there aliens who is to say
it do you think before I die they'll be
like galactic space travel I hope so go
somewhere you've never been before you
know I've lived in this area for like a
year now and I've never once been on
this street so kill me eat a salad why
is this even a resolution it's so easy
next year anyways those were some
realistic and easy to do new years
resolutions if you enjoyed this video
make sure they give it a thumbs up to
let me know leave a comment letting me
know what your new year's resolution is
for 2015 and I just want to take this
moment to say thank you for supporting
me and watching my videos a year ago I
had fifteen thousand subscribers and now
i'm almost at 90,000 that's just unreal
2014 was just an incredible year and I
hope 2015 is even better you can
subscribe to me if you haven't already I
make new videos every Tuesday and Friday
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
