hey guys I'm with my friend cats
horrific horrific hey terrific are we
gonna say cat anyways it's the Christmas
season and you know what you're probably
all thinking I want to get this guy a
gift either it's like a significant
other a guy you like or she's your
brother but you got to get a guy gift at
some point and there are some gifts that
we just hate yes and I know that she's
got awful getting guys gifts so how can
I say I'm gonna be I'm gonna be helping
her by telling her what gives not to get
let's uh let's do this I appreciate that
the first thing is fruitcakes
I don't know whoever invented the
fruitcake but I don't think anybody has
ever been like sick and got a fruitcake
that's just not a thing anybody wants I
don't even know what ever eaten
fruitcake I've seen fruitcake like all
the time I definitely like fruitcake
it's bad for girls too don't buy a girl
fruit maybe they're delicious but I'm
not even gonna try one it's like you get
one you're like wow you really don't
give a about me do you and you just
dump it that's absolutely what that
means yep unless it's like a family
member that like makes it for you and
they like put their heart and soul into
it if they're gonna put the hardens on
them making something don't make a root
cake never make okay no don't trust
people who make fruitcake you would make
him a pie or something if you care about
them that's true
pie means love fruitcake means hate yeah
so another thing that guys hate is when
you kind of just want to control leg I
don't know how they smell
if you a guy deodorant or cologne if
like saying this is a scent that I like
and I want you to smell like it we don't
like having that decision made for us
unless it's something that you know that
we like yeah like if we like a cologne
and you know that's what we want um the
by all means but if you're just deciding
what we should smell like that is not
cool but maybe it's cuz you smell bad
and they're just trying to help you out
okay well that's not a nice way to go
like Oh cuz you stink
so like do it know if somebody smells
bad it's not bad and then you get them
you can get them like a sticky deodorant
you know I mean that's that's less
offensive but you don't it as a
Christmas gift
ya know deodorants an awful Christmas
good yes we can get somebody doing her
and just tell them what you don't like
tell them where you can stick oh my god
yo dirt was on sale and I bought like
ten sticks you have stuff like this is
guys deodorant I did you buy ten six oh
the guys children I can't even use that
Oh what am I supposed to
dude you I accidentally bought men's
deodorant at the store try it on and see
if you like it and the other thing and
this is a gift that I've gotten actually
and it's like from family members
usually or like somebody who doesn't
know you but they're like oh he likes
video games I saw this video game that
was on sale somebody gave a video game
and it's like it's like a video game I
wouldn't want yeah like I almost I say I
want a video game I probably don't want
it like it's not like oh I play video
games so I'm okay to like have any video
game people who don't understand video
games yeah like oh I'm gonna get them a
video they like video games okay let's
put the video game section at Target and
just pick up yeah and like in my
experience it's always like when they do
that it's always that one game you've
never even heard of or seen it sound
like a ripoff video game or like seen
crappy video yeah but at some point at
some point I do always plug in the game
and see if it's worth playing and never
is never and never so if you're gonna
get a ripoff of a game then get it for
yourself you asshole okay so one thing
that I've learned is it's really
difficult to pick up clothes for guys
unless you know them super well and you
know if you have their style down to a
tee if you just like buy shirt that
girls do you think is cute and you just
give it to the guy he's gonna be like
you want me to wear that picking out
clothes for people is very personal
I've had some extended family at points
in my life pick out clothes for me and I
just open it up and I'm like you haven't
been around me for like the last like
five years of my life and like pick out
a clothing item you want me to wearing
it looks like that I know too close no
too close
take it all the way naked and the last
one my personal least favorite thing you
get it is art just generally like art if
it's one thing if your hands me like a
portrait of like the two of you because
you're like boyfriend/girlfriend or if
you like paint them but if you if you
make something like just a random
obscure painting or like a like a clay
pot what are you trying to say like if
you have something to say you you write
a card that will say that message if
you're trying to convey some like deep
like love like oh I made this pot and
it's covered in like hearts it's like
I'm not gonna use that no functionality
what you like then there's also this
pressure that you want me to like hang
this up or something you want to come
over next time
they're like I'm not gonna do that just
don't get anybody art that's a terrible
idea
no offense if you've ever done that but
yes offense okay you're a terrible
person
so those were some things that guys hate
his gifts we actually also talked about
what girls hate as gifts over on quatre
if exchange Eck that out it also be at
the end of this video give it a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it because sounds that
for Christmas iPhone so for Christmas
leave a comment letting me know any
gifts that you have gone for guys that
knock her over too well or gift that you
know work with guys um that's pretty
much it uh no it mmm I make knives I
just do we know it's like thank you
found subscribe to me if you haven't
already I make new videos every Tuesday
and Friday subscribe to Kat rific
although that being said I'll see you
guys next week you say hey dude I know
does it say it
you
