hey guys so today I'm joined by Tom who
is this guy what I'm gonna do this guy I
know where are we so I'm here now in
Philly I'm in Tom's shooting spot and
we're doing easy we're doing other video
what's the title today's video today
we're gonna be talking about why all
guys love sluts do like sluts I love
them love is that makes me sick so today
we're talking about my common kick all
right so I think I think that the the
major reason that somebody's gonna call
somebody else's slut is I mean it's when
you're pissed off at somebody maybe it's
like a girl who's uh taking the guy that
you like or something you're gonna just
because you're pissed maybe you're
jealous what every much is a fucking
slut what really is like shaming it's I
mean what is it I guess someone's having
sex and you're jealous of them because
like if you don't care about section I
can call them sluts II don't care I
think it'd be more than jealous I think
you just don't like somebody like she's
a slut
like it could just be like an insult it
doesn't even mean anything about their
sex but it does and that's why I like
the word itself is a problem right yeah
if someone is like an asshole you just
call me an asshole a word you can go
yeah there's a lot making fun of the
fact that they have sex it's like that's
hurting everybody because it's like do
you make it as hard as me a team are you
never gonna have sex because otherwise
you're just gonna be as much as slut as
anybody else like if we didn't have the
word slut everybody was not scared to
have sex then they'd probably just be a
lot more sex for everybody out there
being very sexually active in itself
like on its own that's not in no way an
insult you have such a thousand people
talking I can i I mean I wish I could
if you did if I did it wouldn't change
anything else about you as having the
fact that you've had sex 1,000 people
okay right I feel like if you dated a
thousand people they wouldn't call you a
slut they would call you like Taylor
Swift maybe but I wouldn't call you it
wouldn't call you a slut it's only like
typically I think the word slut is
associated with like hookups you have
say my stanza yeah you're dating people
take okay
they were dating it's good they were in
LA like who cares what your reasons are
Robin sex yeah everyone's gonna have a
slightly different reason yeah yeah I
mean
yeah kind of like who the fuck are you
to judge them and tell them what they
can and can't do
let's be honest I think everyone when
you're looking at something like ours is
someone I'm on a date I mean is this
someone I'm going to hook up with just
because he don't want to date her
doesn't make her a slut no it doesn't
make her a bad person does make anyone a
bad person yeah I'm an impact I think
sometimes people are ashamed even for
not wanting to be in a relationship um
and I don't think there's anything wrong
with that either
relationships are a very big part of
like someone's like that's a that takes
a big portion of it's a big commitment
I'm literally too busy and I don't want
to commit to someone fully if I can't
fully satisfy them you know me
emotionally physically and all that
stuff and some people think it's okay
you have to be in relationship some
people think it's okay if you're not and
that's just a personal preference from
person to person and the preferences
don't like my preference doesn't affect
your what what color I like doesn't
affect you and you can like whatever the
hell you want exactly why does it matter
you know I'm not dating you so why do
you guys like experience girls
experience girls tend to be the ones who
are most approachable most friendly and
most confident because they've got it
before you know I mean yeah
because they're used to socializing
obviously if you're experienced that
means that you've talked to a few people
you know how to go through the motions
to date them to hook up with them to
become friends with them whatever it is
you're just more confident easier to do
any of those things with so you can see
these things in like a person's body
language versus somebody who might be
really shy you know if somebody's really
shy and wait around being shy there's
nothing wrong with us but it is harder
for somebody who's tried to get out
there and gain a lot of people or have
sex or make friends with people because
you're more withdrawn than somebody
who's more cost literally and that's
what it comes down to just because this
person's having less sex because they're
more shy again it doesn't matter it's
like we're promoting having shit loads
of sex it's do whatever you're
comfortable with that's the point you
know cuz you can be shy or you be really
outgoing either way if you're cool and I
vibe with you cool then we go and down
yeah I don't know that means I don't
know it sounds cool though I know it
sounds a song some cool people would say
so let's go with that so the moral of
the story is that if you are gonna hate
on somebody do it because their dick
dude because they're an asshole or just
a shitty person but don't do it because
they have sex because if you ever have
sex and you're contradicting yourself
that's all we have to say on that matter
if you enjoyed this video if you enjoyed
having Tom in this video give this video
with the
sup so what do you think do you think
that this is a problem do you agree with
all the points that we made is there any
way we were wrong just let me know
comments below we did a video over on
Tom's channel what was it called it was
um
why all girls are sluts oh that sounds
controvert just a little bit that sounds
like I would be upset but I'm gonna
click to find out first you know what I
I think we're both gonna click and see
what's going on wow that's two views
right there
click on Tom's face to see the video we
did on his channel kid this guy
subscribe because we've been friends for
so long I really enjoy making these
videos I don't I hate you now so
subscribe to me is that make new videos
every Tuesday and Friday with all that
being said also you guys do the week
thing you remember yeah next my elbows
got butt next oh my god alright good
we're done here
