hey so usually I start my videos with an
explanation on why I'm doing that video
but I'll be honest nobody asked me to
explain this and I don't even know how
well I can teach you with them x-ray and
a girlfriend but I'm sure as hell gonna
try
now what the hell gives me the right am
I really so conceited to the point where
I think I'm an excellent kisser uh yes
today I am teaching you how to kiss it
is gonna be super awkward and I'm gonna
love every minute of it kissing is an
art and a good kiss can lead to a hell
of a lot more so never underestimate its
power in the same way that if one likes
their steak differently everyone kisses
differently a good kisser is always on
their feet and always knows how to adapt
just as a little side note here when I
say always on your feet I don't
literally mean always standing out that
could be a be really awkward so don't
don't do that
anyways let's start with what not to do
juicers the easiest way to be a bad
kisser is to juice it now is my
adjective choice completely disgusting
yes yes it is but wet sloppy kisser
that's worse it's like as bad as those
children that drool on everything look
if I wanted to get that wet I would just
take a shower are you salivating there's
something about this make you hungry
swallow your damn spit and suck on a
sponge cuz nobody's gonna want to kiss
you otherwise too much tongue honestly
just as bad as juicers and often times
it's a two part package look if you need
storage get a garage cuz another
person's mouth is not the place hey take
it take Alan unless you have it it's not
like this is a fight to see who's tone
you stronger you want to be matching
their level of tongue evety what it's a
word look it up okay don't actually look
it up though cuz it's it's not gonna be
the bad breath all right this one should
just be obvious I mean no one wants to
kiss a fish and honestly I love garlic
and I probably would make out with it
but not if it's your sloppy seconds man
this video you're on a date or you
suspect that it's possible that you will
be kissing someone that night
you should just brush your teeth before
going out you should brush your tongue
or take a mint or chew some gum if
you're getting food don't get anything
with onions or garlic in it if you kiss
someone who's pretty into you and then
after the kiss there no longer is into
you it's probably for one of the reasons
I just mentioned though some bad things
that people do and how to correct it now
I'm going to talk about some good things
kissing is subjective so this might not
work on everybody but it's worth a shot
and if not
stack about it then don't just stop
necklacing look everyone likes a good
hickey okay so don't actually leave a
hickey because they're definitely not
gonna appreciate that when they go to
work or see their parents butt out neck
kissing heck yes you've ever kissed
anyone and you've probably done it or
had it done to you so I don't even need
to elaborate on why it's so great we all
know how great it is
let's just keep next lick binding all
right let me just make one thing clear
here we're not zombies it's not lip
chewing its lip biting just like put it
between your teeth without trying to
hurt them oh man this is so awkward and
don't do it like non-stop just like the
occasional one every here and there if
you're moving your face back let it be
that movement that makes you let go wait
that make sense like uh like yeah but
okay I'm not I'm not even gonna crack
that for my last step you want to keep
your eyes wide open don't even blink
not once just stare at them okay phony
tip you got me wow you are good nothing
ever gets past you it so lastly this
video is called how to kiss and I don't
think it would be awkward embarrassing
enough unless I actually demonstrate it
oh man this is gonna be awful for the
record this is probably gonna turn out
to be all the things that you should not
do so here goes mmm that probably
severed a lip okay wow that really
happened you're welcome I'm I'm the best
kisser anyways that was the video if you
enjoyed it please give this video a
thumbs up I think that demonstration
deserves getting this video to 2,500
thumbs up that was humiliating alright
my parents are gonna watch this my
friends are gonna watch us and you know
if we get there I'm probably gonna want
to humiliate myself more often so we
should do it leave a comment tell me
about your most Awkward kiss or if
you've ever seen some really gross PDA
also if you're not already make sure
that you're following me on Twitter I'm
actually gonna be following a ton of
people back Jia Ming things and selfies
to a ton of people who tweet the hashtag
love me a queue and are following me so
if you want a follower DM that's how you
do it make sure that you subscribe to me
is that make new videos every Tuesday
and Friday although that being said I'll
see you guys next week
you
you
you
