hey so today I'm gonna be talking about
a little something known as the bro code
actually googled the term earlier just
to see what websites were saying the bro
code was I found that a lot of the
points were really dumb a lot of times
they were really like degrading to girls
like oh don't make fun of your bro for
sleeping with an ugly girl or off he's
got a girlfriend
lie to her for him or uh enjoy sports
and yeah I didn't agree with a lot of
them and I could not care less about
sports so I decide to make my own just
some simple rules that all bro should
live by and girls you can be bros to so
this isn't like a exclusive thing
whatever let's just do this bro shall
never date another bros ex that'd be
very unbe broening of you whether we
admit it or not a lot of guys have a
soft spot for their ex and that would
just not be cool with that being said
there are exceptions to this rule if
they didn't date for very long or if
they were never very serious it might be
okay or if you're super close to the
girl but you're not too close with the
bro like it's kind of more of an
acquaintance just because he's a guy and
you're kind of friends doesn't making a
bro however with any of these exceptions
you've still got a consult to dude just
because doing shit behind his back it's
just cold you must always have your bros
back if your bro gets into a fight you
have to by all means try and resolve the
situation first whatever means possible
you know violence is not the answer
however if it is completely unsolvable
you must back your bro up the most
important thing you could do is make
sure that you've tried everything to not
fight in my experience this always
happens when people are drunk because
when we're drunk we are stupid idiots
but there's always that one friend who's
got too big of an ego and if somebody's
in his face he will not back down try
and split everyone up try and calm your
buddy down but if this does not work all
bros need to know that their friends got
their back I don't condone violence in
any way but if partaking means that I
don't have to watch my buddy get beaten
up I will step it be a good wingman
there are a lot of misconceptions about
wingmen so I'm just gonna put it very
simply all the job requires is that if
your buddy likes a girl introduce them
or if he's talking to one just walk by
and say something that would make them
look good this guy right here been just
200 pounds total beast oh whatever a
zombie I want to talk about what I do at
the gym but uh it's actually children 15
so you know get your numbers straight
also if your buddy says like you like
someone don't go for that person with
that being said it is a
free world and that girl has absolutely
no obligation to like your buddy back if
it's not gonna happen it's not gonna
happen and if she likes you boy than
your buddy and you like her back before
doing anything else you must consult
with your bro
even if he's you know kind of weird
about it as long as he's not head over
heels in love with her
you can put wheels on that buddy you
must respect the drunk bro look we got
drunk and sometimes we do dumb things
make sure that your buddy gets really
drunk they don't do anything too stupid
it's your obligation as a bro
to make sure that he throws up in a
toilet and gets home safe and whatever
you do don't take embarrassing photos of
your buddy it has happened to me and
it's not cool Jeff finally the last rule
bros before hos I don't actually use the
word hos ever because it's slut-shaming
this is holon other thing what's the
meaning behind the phrase then trying to
get it essentially is about putting your
friends before your romantic interests
too many times friends of mine have gone
into relationships and suddenly all of
their time goes towards their
significant other they become attached
so quickly and you know while I'm happy
that you're happy
you should still make time for your
friends and I've said this in previous
videos but at a young age you know
typically relationships kind of come and
go but true friends are with you forever
so make sure that you make time for them
anyways that was the video if you liked
it make sure you give it a thumbs up
that really helps me out if we need the
mm I'll be really happy so just do that
if a comment letting me know if I missed
anything the bro code or if your girl
you know what what's the girl code like
is that all the same points is there
anything different let me know so an
effort to get more activity on my
Facebook page I'm going to be adding
people to my personal profile to people
that have like my Facebook page and I'd
like to view the statuses on there so if
you wanna be friends on Facebook that's
that's how you do it anyway subscribe to
me if you haven't already as I make new
videos every Tuesday and Friday and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next week
you
