so Christmas is rapidly approaching and
even though there's not a single goddamn
snowflake on the ground
the weather has still gotten a lot
colder since last time I made this video
all the girls that I know have told me
they don't like winter because the
clothing options aren't as good but let
me just say from a guy's perspective
they are as attractive if not more
attractive than what you would regularly
wear and like the summer and if you
think that I'm crazy consider the fact
that you can still wear a lot of the
clothes that I mentioned in the last
video on this topic just indoors or
under a layer or two it's not the same
but you can still do it and on top of
that there's so many more options for
layers and coats and accessories and
stuff I'm gonna get into all that but
these are things that guys myself
included find super attractive so don't
worry about winter so today let's stop
being down that it's cold and focus on
the positive here are seven things that
girls wear that guys love winter edition
number one leggings of course they have
to explain this one it's a you know
form-fitting which is nice and from what
I've been told they're very comfortable
so that's that's a time I have time in
my books I mean we definitely don't you
to freeze to death but you can like wear
two pairs at once can't ya for three
pairs I just think that if all clothes
were this comfortable and look this good
the world would be a better place the
second thing on this list is pea coats
they just make you look so classy and
mature whenever I see a girl that I'm
into wearing a pea coat I just can't
help but think weird the girl I like go
and also when did the first lady get
here and why is she so hot there's
something that's like a mix of elegant
and hot about them and I'm I'm all about
it plus they somehow manage to be a big
warm coat and somehow also very nice
fitting so it's it's really God's work
okay so number three on here is scarves
it's not only our scarves key to staying
warm but there's literally like a
million different kinds of loom and a
million different ways to wear a scarf
they can be cute and cozy or sleek and
business√≠ or even kind of make you look
like a thug
wait nuts that's been dannis the the
cousin of the scarf really either way I
like it
one thing in particular that I really
like are those
right red scarves because they just pop
and give up a very sexy confident vibe
but no one on earth is gonna hang out
with you and be like oh hey I know we've
been talking for five minutes but I just
noticed you're wearing that bright red
scarf like no people will see that from
miles away not only have you stolen my
attention you've stolen my heart and I
need that you know the stay alive and
stuff so cut it out
not I just got dark number four is those
boots that go up to your knees
what are they me high boots knee boots
newts anyway those are super warm right
they seem like a bit of a pain to put on
but let me just say I appreciate it that
you took the time to do that because
they look amazing I no longer recognize
you you are a different person I mean I
know that you just put on boots but that
is like 10 points to attractiveness and
classiness okay I feel like this is the
kind of thing that supermodels just wear
casually if it's not clear yet I don't
know much of anything about boots but I
sure do appreciate them also negative to
be afraid puddles boots are really just
the Swiss Army knives of shoes aren't
that five turtlenecks because if I can't
date Steve Jobs I might as well
fantasize about the girl I like being
Steve Jobs I was a little weird but I
stand by it much like how you should
stand by wearing a turtleneck think
about it who needs a scarf anymore when
your sweater has your neck covered I
know earlier on this list I said scarves
are attractive and they are but they're
more like a like a warm and cozy kind of
sexy and turtlenecks are more of like a
like a sexy librarian you know and if
you think for one second people were
applauding Steve Jobs because of you
know the iPhone and the iPad and stuff
like that now come on it was this
turtleneck everyone anyone who talks in
a turtleneck and says something that
sounds impressive people will applaud
for because they're wearing a turtleneck
also if you agree to wear one I promise
I will wear one and then we can both
pretend the other person is a Jobs
eyeing me Steve and you can be Steph
Steph Jobs all right number six beanies
or as we call them here in Canada dukes
these are almost always oversized which
just makes them look even more cozy and
cute and attractive and I don't know
that's basically what winners about you
know looking warm and happy and one to
cozy up by the fire well girl there is
fire in my heart I don't know how to say
beanies are cute and lastly number seven
sweater dresses I did not know the word
for these things until today but Wow yes
these thing about it it's a sexy dress
and it's a sweater keeps you warm and
keeps you looking fine I want to sleep
on you like a pillow and with you
wait Oh anyway that was it for today but
I was actually thinking about doing a
follow-up video to this about clothes
that guys do not like on girls in winter
so is that something that you'd be
interested in seeing I don't know let me
know by giving this video a thumbs up if
we get to 2500 thumbs up I will make
that happen also tell me in the comments
the winter clothes that you like on guys
it's not for any particular reason but I
do need to go shopping soon so last week
I asked you guys if you've ever been led
on and how you found out and so on
screen right now my favorite comments
from that video I remember I did this
every single week so if you want to be
featured at the end of next week's video
make sure that you leave a comment right
now huge Instagram shout out to
Annabelle for straight-up just telling
me that she unliked
all of my photos so she could rely chem
I don't know how you have time from that
but also I've met you and you're the
sweetest person ever and I hope we can
see you again soon
you're great Leia who said that she
loved my videos amongst other really
sweet things I don't deserve you but
thank you and good luck whenever you get
into that dating scene I'm Lexie who's
just a new follower and liked a few pics
you don't always have to go crazy on me
I just appreciate showing some love and
this is me trying to show some back so
make sure you follow those three and if
you want me to shout out your Instagram
make sure that you're following me on
Instagram and liking a bunch of my pics
and have notifications turned on and
stuff like that and I just choose three
random people to put at the end of next
week's video so go do that mine streams
just Andrew quo link will be in the
description below with all that being
said subscribe to me if you haven't
already click over here if you want more
advice videos and with a lot being said
I'll see you next time peace
