Oh schools coming back fully there was
some way to get out of it I mean it's
not like you can just drop out right
wait can I do that yeah so I just found
out it's probably not the best idea
there's something about being a failure
already being enough of a disappointment
you know honestly I wasn't really
listening that much so whatever but the
good news is there's another way one
that doesn't involve minimum-wage jobs
the rest of my life all right hear me
out for a second faking sick what Chris
is guys yeah I'm a genius faking sick to
me is an art and I've put in so much
time and effort that it's an art that I
have mastered and today I'm passing you
on all of my wisdom to you guys also my
mom's probably gonna watch this video
and recognize all these moves so uh I
got you the goal in faking sick is to
trick your parents into believing you if
your parents are voting for you even
your teacher can't make you in the
parents are smart I mean when they were
your age they were probably doing the
exact same thing you gotta make your
sickness seem legit and to do so it's
gonna take some work the first thing
that you want to do even before faking
sick is to make school seem like it's
your priority oh man we have this super
cool assignment tomorrow I'm so excited
to hand it in tomorrow's pizza day all
right I am NOT missing that setting this
up is super critical because when you
suddenly get sick
you're gonna be more disappointed that
you can't go to school and your parents
are and that makes you being sick all
the more believable oh man I really want
to hand in this 10 page essay that's
it's it's so finished but I can't so I'm
sorry next thing you're gonna want to do
is to pick a sickness and to stick to it
if you're trying to convince your
parents that you're sick you're gonna
need some proof and that involves
research what temperature do you need to
be to have a fever what are all the
symptoms of having a cold
what does puking sound like it's the
homework that you've wished you'd been
assigned no just me puking is definitely
the easiest to fake because it just
involves going to the washroom and doing
this sound for a while who the cops I'm
just thrown in for good measure because
I'm an actor damn it but hey you can't
puke every time so try giving yourself a
fever all you got to do is soak a towel
and some water leave it on your
4head so when your parents feel your
forehead they like oh oh you're burning
up you can't go to school what's risky
here is you only have so much time
between drying your forehead and even
your parents to feel your forehead so
you gotta act fast so I got my towel
here and I'm just gonna apply it let it
sit there for a little while so you get
all warmed up hey what could you cook
you can take my temperature i thinkin
boom sick okay yeah I am NOT your father
you're an adult and you don't even have
anything to be sick for because you're a
sad pathetic unemployed loser and that's
how you think sick remember to not
overuse this you do it too much it's
gonna become way too obvious that you're
faking and then it'll just never work
again so don't be sick every other day
wait until there's an assignment due
tomorrow that you haven't even started
or until something super embarrassing
just happen at school and you you can't
show your face there or you know Friday
anyways that's all for the video I hope
you enjoyed it if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up my last video I
asked for 1,500 likes and it got over
2,000 in three days which is just crazy
thank you for that so I'm just gonna
shoot for the stars today and say let's
get 2,500 thumbs up on this video make
sure you subscribe to me I make new
videos every Friday and like today I'm
gonna probably be trying to throw in an
extra one every here and there and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next week
