hey I'm a juror and lately I've been
noticing that guys myself included do
some really dumb shit the majority of
the time we're doing this stuff it's to
impress girls to make guys think we're
cool or to intimidate them so today I
just thought I would talk about some
dumb stuff guys do enjoy so I myself
have never done this but when guys lie
about hooking up with girls just to
impress their friends all right first of
all you could be celebrating that we
didn't care the best thing you're gonna
get is a Oh congrats bro but if we ever
find out that you're lying it's gonna be
really sad yo that girl over there
we totally boned hey hey you you
recognize this guy no no she says no um
she's she's lying it was the things I
was I was so big I tore in half yep so
another dumb thing we do is bragging
about fighting alright so there are some
situations where I get it you know
you don't want trouble some guys giving
you trouble and you got to stand up for
yourself
that can be admirable but if you beat up
some drunk guy or someone like way
smaller than you if you lose the fight
or if you don't even get into a fight
and you just get into some like heated
argument and like bump chests with the
other dude then just stop bro
what what are you looking at me what are
you gonna do huh those stories don't
make you look cool like what do you want
to hear dude you took that punch like Oh
chill dude the guy was so drunk
way to kick his ass dude that guy was
like half your size you kick the shit
out of him dude I know a fight didn't
break out but if it did you partake yeah
I'll probably not say any of those
things and uh then there's tinder the
amount of hilarious screenshot I've seen
of creepy dudes trying to hit on girls
on tinder it's just absurd we were just
a very thirsty group see me myself I'm
really awkward on tinder I'll be like
hey uh how are you are you a student and
you know what I should probably be more
assertive but you know there's a
difference between being assertive and
nudes
I need nudes give me some nudes or
better yet some dudes gonna pick one of
your pictures and find something really
minor to compliment about it like oh I
like your knees you know what his
defense
maybe you just got some hot-ass knees
when we yell really loud at the gym look
man I get that you're lifting a lot and
good for you you have everyone's
attention it's just an issue when my
ipod doesn't have a volume loud enough
to drown you out honestly I mean it
sounds like these guys are giving birth
lastly white knighting it's probably
hands-down the funniest thing on the
internet white knighting if you didn't
know is when a guy comes to the fence of
a girl because she's a girl because
she's a girl she could just never do
anything wrong so the girl makes a
facebook status saying like oh my
boyfriend's on vacation these are the
kinds of guys that would comment on that
status with something like I would never
leave you you're a gem you could do
better
milady this gesture is me tipping my
fedora and they say chivalry's did
anyways that was some dumb things that
guys do if you thought this video was
funny or if you don't hate me let's
let's give this video a thumbs up shall
we let's try to get to 1,500 thumbs up
so let me know what things you think are
dumb that guys or girls do in the
comments below and subscribe to me if
you haven't already I make new videos
every Friday with all that being said
I'll see you guys next
