hey guys I major and today I'm gonna be
sharing with you the heartbreaking story
of my first crush it was the Golden Age
of adolescence where everything I did
was super awkward super embarrassing and
somehow everyone was always there to see
it it's actually a lot like making
YouTube videos anyways I was 12 years
old I was in middle school and one day
in class this girl comes up to me and
tells me that a birthday is coming up
and she's gonna have a big dance party
thing her parents rented out some space
the whole class was invited and yeah big
dance party
her name was Naomi and boy was she ever
something not my crush though oh come on
total teacher's pet anyways I wasn't
really one for dancing
it was puberty right so I felt awkward
enough just standing but my whole class
was going and if you know anything about
puberty and school it's that your social
life means everything so I went there I
was you know just hanging out chill with
my bro migos and we're just having a
good time you know there's free food
we're watching some nerds dance I wasn't
gonna dance I'm Way too cool for that
slash I've never really done it and I
feel like everyone would have been
watching me and with good reason they
probably they probably would have been
watching me it'd probably have just gone
up and done the robot bird like free
songs oh yeah where's he going with this
whoa who's the man who's the man I'm the
man oh yeah anyways it was all fun and
games until she walks in I'll say your
name fuck you it was Elaine that's right
Elaine calling you out what are you
gonna do anyways this girl she was
really hot something about her just I
don't really I don't really know what
this means but it applies she just
seemed different from other girls I
don't know how to describe it she just
but you know what I think it was I think
that she was a year older uh yes a Coug
my favorite she obviously wasn't my
class cuz I'd never seen her before so I
don't know I guess her Naomi knew each
other outside of school anyway she came
up to me and she was just so easy to
talk to and so friendly and at the time
I just hadn't met a girl that was like
that
and bro I was into it so we're hanging
out I'm chatting her up and this go
for like the whole night until you know
it's getting close to the end and I'm
starting to realize but I don't do
anything like if I don't make a move I
might never see her again so one of
those really snappy slow dance songs
comes on and at this point we've been
making some serious eye contact for like
five minutes and so I just you know I
must drew up the courage to ask you to
dance and she says yes so we walk over
to the dance floor and we stand across
from each other and she puts her hands
on my shoulders you know the way that
girls do so this is where I should have
put my hands on her hip so we could have
like that awkward teenage three feet
apart slow dance thing going on but I
never done this before and I had no idea
what to do and you know she's got her
hands on my shoulders I seem to be
working out pretty well first I was like
hey oh I'll just do that first all the
ten seconds we're just standing there
with our hands on each other's shoulders
and it's just it's just super awkward
just giving her the old what we're
dancing
so she catches on doubt coolest I am she
takes my hands and puts them on her way
it sound like oh okay that's how you're
supposed to do it so we danced for a few
songs and it's just it's just
embarrassing I've never done this before
so I'm stepping on her feet she's
guiding me and I I'm making it work but
like just barely so eventually the music
ends and people start packing up and I
go back to my table when she's off
saying goodbye to people and I'm just
standing there for like five minutes
just telling myself add your luck man
this is the best it's gonna get you're
never gonna see this girl if you don't
go up and get her number you gotta man
up and do this and I'm terrified
terrified of this confrontation I'm
having like a little heart attack
eventually I work up the nerves to go up
to her and ask for her number
and she gives it to me she's so chill
about it she's like yeah of course like
whatever she writes songs a little
napkin hint to me to her it was like
super casual like oh yeah you could just
have my number but to me it was like all
right your number means a date a date
means a girlfriend a girlfriend names
were gonna get married and our kids are
gonna be so hot and it's gonna be just
awesome I had done it it was a moment of
triumph in my life and then obviously
the next day at school all the kids in
class were pestering me about it like Oh
Andrew who is that girl you were dancing
with ah she was cute oh you got like a
thing now uh relax fellas there's my
girlfriend now I don't know I feel kind
of bad for you guys for not knowing what
true love feels like but you know maybe
one day you will it felt good that's for
sure
and you know I had a first date two
halves
I waited a few days to come off is chill
I'm not thinking about it
who was Elaine I even remember and then
I gave her a call and we planned to go
hang out go for a cool little walk so we
meet up and we start walking in the
street and the entire time she just
texts through your friends and she's
complaining like oh my god my friends
are making so much fun of me I asked you
know why they make fun of you
oh well it's because they're saying it
to date when it's so obviously not oh so
like any kid my age dealing with
heartbreak you know responsible and
mature way I respond oh I feel sick oh
oh my mom actually needs I'm I'm just
gonna go would have made Shakespeare
proud you know I know I'm a better man
because of it it doesn't bother me
anymore anyways like I want to share
this story because I know that a lot of
my audience is younger people people who
probably are going through similar
things with puberty it's just a really
awkward time it's just a cringe-worthy
time in everyone's life you probably
have awkward stories and hopefully mine
makes you feel a little better about
yours
if you enjoyed my story make sure you
give this video a thumbs up that would
really help me out and also be sure to
leave in the comments any awkward
stories that you've had because it'll
make me feel better about mine also be
sure to subscribe to my channel if you
haven't already I make new videos weekly
ish and with all that being said I'll
see you guys next
