Hey uh so a few months ago I did a video
called signs a guy likes you and today
I'm gonna doing the exact opposite of
that video uh signs a guy doesn't like
you I'm sorry first of all if he checks
his phone a lot while talking to you
yeah no I'm totally listening you should
you know what you should do you should
keep talking because I'm listening he
doesn't want you if you bump into him
somewhere and he's wearing earbuds and
he only takes out one to talk to you hey
yeah he doesn't like you if he's way too
comfortable around you oh yeah what's up
forgot you were here
yeah he uh he doesn't like or he loves
you and is just a total slob but either
way don't if you text him and he just
doesn't respond who is it this no no no
he doesn't like you
if he ever goes for a fist bump well uh
it was super good catching up um
bump it he definitely doesn't like you
it seems like he's trying to not make
too much eye contact wow that is so
interesting you know what you should do
you should just keep talking because
you're just so fun to listen to he
doesn't like you and this last one was
pretty specific but if he finds out that
the two of you were going to the same
place and he doesn't offer to travel
together oh you're also gonna be at that
concert well have fun he doesn't like
well um those are my tips if you think
that I might have missed anything or
have any other ideas make sure you leave
them in the comments because uh there
are other people who could use the help
make sure that you give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe to my channel if
you haven't already I make new videos
every Friday with all that being said
I'll see you guys next week
you
