okay so today I'm going to teach you
every possible way to ask someone out
and if you watch this video and think
that I missed something you're more than
welcome to leave in the comments but
you'll be wrong because as I said it's
every possible way also this video is
not just for guys
far from it girls you should be asking
people out it's hot let's do this
firstly if you ask anybody for advice
there's you can tell you do with
confidence hey babe hop in
some people will misinterpret this and
have too much confidence hey babe
hop on then there are other people that
are just way too sexually aggressive
let's have sex and then of course there
are those douchebags that make you feel
like they're doing you the favor of
dating them you couldn't date anybody
else you are so ugly me I'm the best
all right you just day me already
then there are those people they can
just do with their eyes there are some
that are a little more awkward so um
like are you seeing anybody lately like
I mean obviously you're seeing people
but I mean like I have you been dating
anybody because I mean if you're not I
mean I am I'm here um oh I got this such
a bad idea and there are those that are
uh very awkward
I just peed some people are so
uncomfortable asking someone up and they
get their friends to do it for him I I
would not advise this what did what just
go talk to her dude just go up to her
and talk to her dude stop being a bitch
and go up and just talk excuse me hi my
friend is a huge and he just wants
to talk to you so so here he is hey hey
hey
you can show off your skills have Stick
with me please
you can lie about yourself to make you
sound better my biggest flaw um too much
love to give
I'm too generous a lover is being too
perfect a boyfriend of law yeah yeah I
think it is or you can put yourself down
to seem humble but then show off your
excellence on the actual date last week
I wet the bed again and I like being
held while I cry every day so um we doin
this or or what yeah that's um gonna be
a hard one to come back from you know
honestly you should just be yourself if
you pretend to be somebody else and ask
someone out and they say yes they're
going out with the person that they
think you are and the person you're
pretending to be and not actually who
you are if somebody doesn't return
feelings for you then that's their loss
and all you can do is move on but it's
worth a shot anyways that's the video
thank you for watching if you liked it
be sure to give it a thumbs up thank you
to my buddy Andrew um also a Canadian
Torontonian Andrew to make youtube
videos so they'll be a link to him in
the description and leave a comment
telling me which one you probably do
which is the most one close to how you
ask people out and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next
ah
