hi I'm Andrew hello I'm Craig and today
we're doing the humming challenge so we
just did a video in Craig's channel
which we drank revealing too at the end
of the video and because of that we're
drunk and yes because we're drunk we're
gonna do that humming challenge it's
what we do
the rules are that we hum song and we
say it to the person guess it and
whoever has the most correct guesses
wins so let's go first with uh with me
humming something all right let's go
that's awesome you're gonna go for
that's all a beautiful
I started off easy I was good friends we
go way back
just cuz you're British doesn't mean
your friends that everybody lying I am
we go way back your friends clean house
oh well I'm like hazards nobody believes
you cry okay here we go are you humming
I caught you at home I didn't mention
this earlier but we're at playlist live
oh I'd like someone famous that would
explain why there are famous people and
why am i right I'm a British I'm not
pretty I'm not a British again give it
your name is Omega I guess love me again
John Newman
I don't expect you know maybe the name I
don't know but you know the song I'll
give you the point I guess the point I'm
a generous person to one your bath but
updo never and I'm actually the name is
drawing a blank right now name is we've
just said I know it's not Bob it's like
it's Bob Bob Bob I'm ugly mugs right
handsome Hanson brothers no just
handsome right it was close enough
oh I believe anything yeah okay here we
go
here we go okay this old school yeah i
DJ my special I believe it no not at all
is this a real yummy baby one more time
as such a good rendition blood that was
good for long period my bad night oh no
Johnny hit my burning question yes
she says me like that my may be enemies
home
how does Britney say me this is Joanna
Maya maybe okay I got my next one you
ready yeah I started it can bring weeds
and all did you sing the songs because
you're beautiful and words can't bring
you down
I'm glad that we are like three
throwback songs oh I know because these
songs wouldn't have like occurred to me
without you having triggered a move
without me whether you trigger it they
are you fuck
say you you you y'all is you a boo oh
yeah
don't laugh
no bacon full human on stop
get your game on go hey we should
speaking of crazy Dylan we did a video
on his channel you should probably check
that anyway this guy question whatever
is that video hit me no get out of here
Americans always want more from a
high-five they like touching me giving
me all these no high-five and that's it
you're out of there no thanks for
watching the video if you give this
video thumbs up that's super help me out
so check out Craig's video and make sure
you subscribe to my channel if you're
already subscribed I think you be is
every Friday much like Craig's and I'll
see you guys next week week it's a
question what why not sometimes I won't
see you next week so instead of like am
I gonna see you next week
