have you ever noticed someone that
you're into giving you mixed signals
like one day they seem super flirty and
into you and the next they want nothing
to do with you it can be the most
stressful thing you know because if they
were just into you you could be
assertive and just ask them out or on
the other hand at least if they weren't
a doll into you you can just take the
hint and get on with your life if this
is a situation that sounds familiar it's
possible that you were being benched
strung along late on there's a lot of
different titles for it but essentially
what it means is that you're being kept
close but not too close
in case they suddenly decide they do
want to be with you basically they're
just leaving their options open which
quite frankly sucks for you it's
something that I think happens to
everyone at some point in their life so
today I thought I talk about how to
recognize if you're being benched or led
on and also how do maybe try and turn
the tables a little bit and make them
realize that they need you more than you
need them even if that's not always the
case but make them think it so they
decide to be with you and just cut out
all the nonsense so first of all how can
you even tell that you are being led on
I mean maybe they're actually into you
and are just bad at being direct or
maybe they're not in view at all and
you're just really hoping to find signs
that they're flirting so to determine
whether or not this is happening to you
there are a couple big giveaways but a
lot of these things on their own don't
really mean anything but if they're
doing a lot of them then odds are you're
getting led on like for example well
probably the most common one is if he
takes forever to text you back and I'm
not talking about like one hour or two I
mean he really takes his time getting
back to you or he just doesn't reply at
all and for the record if he's
constantly not replying at all you
either have the wrong number or he's
definitely just not interested but hey
Nigel ations
you're not stuck in purgatory like the
rest of us another sign that he's trying
to string you along is whenever you make
plans he bails last minute maybe it's
the first time the two of you are
finally gonna be alone together or it's
the second or third time that you guys
are hanging out one-on-one and it just
totally catches you off-guard but either
way bouncing last minute is the easiest
way for him to not let you get too close
and sure maybe he'll apologize and try
and make it up to you but if he keeps on
making excuses and being too busy then
he's probably just trying to keep his
distance and finally if you starts
affecting that maybe he is leading you
on and you start being a little more
distant and being ready to walk away if
he is leading you on one of the best
signs is when you start walking away
that's when he comes back and fights for
you and makes it seem like he is
interested only to back off once he has
you again it is a super manipulative
game to play but if you seem
flip-flopping between being hot and
colds at least now you know what he is
up to
so on to the most important part how do
you break the cycle the easiest answer
is that you just walk away completely no
matter what he says or does you tell
yourself he's playing way too many games
to be worth your time anyway and you are
not wrong at all to do this in fact in
70% of situations I think this is what
most people should do I know for me
personally if I start getting any signs
that some girls benching me and make me
feel like a secondary option I'm out of
there so quickly because I know I
deserve better however maybe you really
know this guy and you truly truly
believe that if somehow you were able to
be the center of his focus you would
forget about everyone else and be a good
guy and just focus on you and if that is
the path that you want to try and take I
might be able to help the thing with
leading someone on is he'll only do it
if he suspects that you're interested in
him and the second that there's doubt is
when he'll come after you and be flirty
like we talked about because he doesn't
want to lose you so you need to be the
no-nonsense direct person that you want
him to be and just call him out on all
this BS and just end all of these stupid
games by calling it out like when he
texts back a day or two later don't tell
him it's okay and not to worry about it
tell them that you were this close to
giving up and now he's got to make it up
to you if he bails on your plans last
minute tell him that is strike one or if
it's the second time strike two and
strike three he's out and if you give up
and he comes crawling back trying to win
you over
honestly just straight-up tell him to
get real or leave because you do not
deserve or have time for any of that
crap the point here is that most of the
time you can't make an immature person
mature or turn an indecisive person into
being decisive and you especially can't
make someone like you if they're just
not sure sometimes you just have to make
the decision for them and honestly it
just happened to me where I've
completely given up and walked away and
the girl that I was into realized her
mistake and realize that she missed out
I was civil and nice to her we stayed
friends
but I dated other girls because I wasn't
gonna waste my time with that and over
time she got jealous and became into me
and after like a year we started dating
and that was one of my longest
relationships I've ever had so yeah if
it's meant to be it'll happen but you
just can't force it anyway that was it
for today but thank you guys so much for
watching and if you enjoyed it please
give it a big ol thumbs up also let me
know in the comments if you've ever been
led on and how you found out last week I
asked you guys what were the nicest
things you've ever been told by someone
that you liked so on screen right now
are my favorite comments from that video
I remember if you want to have your
comment featured next week make sure you
leave one down below answering my
question I just asked so then maybe I'll
feat you I want to give a huge Instagram
shout out to Emma for commenting on like
four of my Instagram pictures in one
minute
I didn't even know those possible but
you did it so thank you your dough also
Riley who I think thinks that I'm her
father she seems lovely but nevertheless
I hope that that is not the case I am
way too young for that kind of
responsibility
and lastly brandy who definitely
literally liked every single photo of
mine on Instagram so I don't know how
you have time to do that but god bless
you so go follow those three and if you
want a little Instagram share that from
me make sure that you're following my
Instagram and really active on there and
you know maybe turn on notifications so
you know whenever I post stuff and yeah
I I'll shout out three people in my next
video my Instagram handle is just Andrew
quo link will be in the description
below so you know get on that and yeah
you know if you're active maybe I'll
feed to you next week
so lastly subscribe to me so that you
never miss an upload turn on
notifications if you haven't already
click over here for more advice videos
if you still want to figure out how to
get your crush and with all that being
said I'll see you next week peace
