before I start this video I would just
like to say that my mom watches my
videos and can my mom you see the title
what are you trying to do you don't want
to hear this I don't want you to hear
this now I love you but I gotta ask you
to close the video so I can just get on
with it anyways uh hi if it wasn't
already blatantly obvious my video this
week's about sex so sex is something
that two people do and I guess more
people can do if you're into that
because it's also not group sex just
regular oh I mean all I wouldn't know
but you get a workout from it and your
body releases endorphins that make you
feel good you know sex with people that
you love and trust and care about or
just for anybody I mean I won't think
differently of you unless you're one of
my parents or my girlfriend but I don't
have a girlfriend and my parents don't
do that
I hope so you should be okay so firstly
if you're gonna be sexually active we
should be using birth control or condoms
you know STDs suck and for that reason
if you're gonna have multiple partners
definitely use condoms but don't even
get me started on children alright I
have enough problems taking care of my
own needs let alone having a fucking
child I couldn't even have a pet because
if I'm not gonna touch my own shit I'm
certainly not gonna touch anything
else's and girls for you it's even worse
I mean I can't even try and imagine the
pain of childbirth I guess it'd be like
like shitting out a baby
why didn't I even talking about this
alright moving on um under no
circumstances are you all believed to
have sex with anyone even if you're
married to them if they say no it's a No
consent is hands down the most important
thing and if you're not getting consent
then it's rape and there's no other way
to put it
none of this if you wanted sex with me
stay wet what bullshit nope no no no no
now in for people who are at bars and
clubs don't hook up with people who can
barely stand even if they are consenting
that's just fucked up man they're
clearly way too drunk all right it's
time for the lightning round of every
sexual question I've ever been asked
let's do this what do you think about
premarital sex if you wanna abortions Oh
kill them pulling out it's it's not
enough two girls one cup blue waffle
masturbation well not to blue walls but
I love them boobs a love of dicks I
respect
whoo Louisville gave me you're too young
now it's time to hit the question that I
know you're all just dying to know what
about my sex life well you should be
ashamed of yourself
are you serious hasn't your mother
taught you any manners I mean that's my
business and mine alone but you know if
I had to use adjectives to describe it
intense both quantitative and
qualitative it's the double the double
whammy let's just say I have lots of sex
I guess the main reason I'm making this
video is I don't want you guys to think
that I'm so PG that I'll just bounce her
in the topic of sex and never actually
mention it well you know certainly not
an expert on the topic I've always had
people in my life who I can talk to
about it
and you should too and if you don't you
know my tumblr ask is always open and
I'm here to help so yeah
the link to my tumblr will be in
description below if you're not already
following me you should I mean I I post
comedy gold all right well if I was
gonna use a metal bronze so that's the
video I hope you liked it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up that always
helps me out and leave a comment telling
me if you agree or disagree with my
opinions in this video and if there's
anything that I missed if you're not
already be sure to subscribe to my
channel I make new videos every Friday
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week
