nowadays people spend so much time
online that it's kind of inevitable that
people will develop feelings for each
other and have a large distance between
them today I'll be talking about long
distance relationships and whether or
not they're good idea firstly I just
like to say that while in high school I
tried this once and just pace up my
personal experience I probably won't
ever do it again but you know everyone
feels differently about these sorts of
things so don't let my opinions deter
you now there are a lot of great things
about long-distance relationships
firstly any guy that's in one probably
isn't a douchebag just trying to get
some because he's not getting any and
it's a really good way to get to know
each other I mean when all you can do is
talk you want talking about everything
your partner will become your best
friend
and you know there's a cyber Aang so
yeah let's not go there the biggest
reason I don't think I'll ever do that
again is because I just love touch and I
can't stand having somebody that I just
want to touch I mean I don't even mean
sexually just that was more sexual than
I thought but you you get what I mean I
think that the most prominent issue in
long-distance relationships is jealousy
she's cheating on me right now she's
cheating on me I know she's a fucking
bitch
you're not gonna completely know what
your partner is up to at all times see
me double all the trust and the best way
to build trust and I cannot say this
enough constant communication Skype all
the time it doesn't even have to be
important just talk about you did that
day what's the same movie while you're
in a Skype go oh that's cute no this is
my LDR I think that she's serious before
jumping into a long-distance
relationship you should ask yourself a
few things in order for this to work how
long before you can at least visit your
significant other weeks months it's not
even in the foreseeable future
then things are already starting to look
bad look I know that people from other
countries have really hot accents all
right I get it have sex with me I'm
sorry it's just British girls I can't
but yeah if you don't think you visit
anytime soon then really think about it
because the goal for this type of
relationship should be to eventually
live at the same place at some point and
if you don't think that could happen
then how do you see the relationship
unfolding look I know people who have
had long-distance relationships and
intended to see each other but never did
and I know that being single can be
really lonely dating is supposed to be a
series of life lessons so if you want to
need somebody in the other side of the
world
I implore you to don't learn whether or
not long-distance relationships are for
you and that's something that no YouTube
video can ever teach you anyways that's
it for this week's video so if you liked
it be sure to give it a big thumbs up so
my question for you guys is are you for
or against long distance relationships
have you ever had one leave a comment
telling me about it if you're not
already make sure you subscribe to me
because I make new videos every Friday
and you don't want to miss them I also
go on tumblr Twitter and siga and all
that crazy stuff links in the
description and with all that being said
I'll see you guys next
