texting two decades ago we didn't even
know it was alright granted maybe a lot
of us weren't alive but now now texting
controls our lives if you don't have
strong texting game it is gonna be hella
hard scoring your crush lucky for you
I'm here to help and well I might be a
terrible texter I know how to be a good
texture and that's that's all that
matters
the first rule of being good textures to
always keep your crush waiting I myself
go a little overboard with this rule and
I advise but you don't make them wait as
long as I do because I'll just see my
text and be like cool I'm gonna respond
in like an hour and then like two days
go by so don't wait that long if you
respond too early it might come off as
creepy or obsessive or like you were
just waiting by your phone for the mid
hex you it granted well that might have
been exactly what you were doing you
have to at least pretend like it wasn't
so just chill they don't respond please
whatever you do don't send the follow up
tax
she's just tell us in response she must
be she must be asleep for something
right did you fall asleep are you okay
hi number one yes I would like to report
a killing yeah I don't know she she
hasn't responded to be like three hours
something's gotta be wrong for obvious
reasons it's uh it's creepy if they
don't respond you can just text them in
a couple days there's nothing wrong with
starting the conversation just don't be
overeager next piece of advice emojis
and emoticons ladies emojis are your
best friend if you like a guy don't be
shot if you send like a lot of smiley
faces and winks and hearts or whatever
you typically send the guy will know
like that now in terms of the fellas um
what are you doing you're sending emojis
dude how much more lame could you get
there seriously I know that it's like
the world's biggest double standard but
I know that there are definitely girls
that are less interested in guys who
send a lot of smiley faces and stuff so
just try and keep that stuff to a
minimum just to be safe another thing
for guys um please don't text like a
humm and white guy I see it on tumblr
and it is hilarious but it's not not a
good way to text haha if I was there
right now what would you do
smiley face how far would you go smiley
face loll and then what have some
fucking soul you know systole we're the
most boring textures under the age of 30
now in terms of the length of you texts
long texts are always good they show
that you're interested but don't send
them novels nobody wants it to sit down
for an evening to read one text so
that's all my advice um if you follow
all of it I'm sure you'll be an A+
texter so did you learn anything in this
video did I miss anything make sure you
leave a comment telling me I'm a big
dumbass if you liked the video be sure
to give a thumbs up that really helps me
out and subscribe to me I make new
videos every Friday and they're top
notch I think I hope and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
seriously guys please leave a comment
it's the only thing that keeps me going
