hey so today I'm joined by my American
friend Ryan
Fredo we've done videos in the past uh
but he flew to Toronto to hang out with
me and we're doing a video today we're
gonna be talking about how to make guys
jealous for any girl who wants to
emotionally crush somebody break a guy
it could be like your ex or it could be
just some guy that you just get feelings
for you and you're just wanna you just
want to see him suffer you got to be
much more people after this but yeah and
in truth he's probably applied to girls
as well but it's just from a guy's
perspective what has personally affected
us I guess and what we have learned
through observation so let's get started
something that would always get a guy
jealous is if you're just generally
happy around them if you are social and
talking to your friends and everything
like in your life looks like it's going
good that's always a really big way to
upset people because if it's like an ex
they they want to see you suffer and if
you're not suffering then they're
miserable but also you don't just like
pretend to be happy and social around
them and then everywhere else be
miserable you have to you know actually
believe it and actually try and have the
most social and happy life as possible
because I hate actually become happy is
being social and hanging out with your
friends and going on dates and stuff so
if you broke up with you you don't need
them you just you don't need them
something I think that makes a guy
jealous is when you hang out with other
guys other single guys other available
guys cuz they'll just kind of skip to
the point of like oh you're dating oh
you do what's up with them you're just
going crazy with those group of guys
they're just looking for excuses to
believe that you're with somebody else
they almost like they don't want to see
it so much that the second they see you
talking to anybody they'll be like if
I'll get it they can think about guys no
other guys all just want sex right so
it's like if you see other single dudes
hanging out with a girl it's like
they're definitely trying to get
something yeah they probably want
basically all the girls to do is like
say yes or ask them and just boomed only
thing you can do is to just date
somebody else it'll make the guy really
jealous and honestly it's good to start
liking somebody else that'll help you
get over the last person yeah and don't
post it everywhere
from media sites whatever however he's
gonna find he's gonna find out sooner or
later so you don't have to like shove in
his face like ah I'm dating this person
because you seem happier if you're not
doing that as long as you legitimate
like the person doesn't matter right now
another thing is don't respond all the
time to his texts or at least take a few
hours you know what to do it all the
time but you know just sometimes you
just like I don't really care you can
just leave the conversation so it makes
it look like you are more important oh
yeah better things you have better
things to do exactly because the worst
thing you can do and I'm sure we've all
experienced waiting on somebody text
pack it's the absolute works if you
actually want this person text back so
if they text you keep them waiting
keep that son-of-a-bitch wait lastly if
you really want to piss them off talk to
other dudes in front of them as I said
before guys will always assume that when
you're talking to another guy that you
are in doing or that you know you're
flirting or that you're dating or that
you're having sex
we we like to assume the worst yeah in
pretty much all scenarios so talk to
other guys and he'll he'll lose his shit
especially if the guys like Honda
jealous of the other guy if the other
guys might be better-looking he maybe II
think so maybe think he's more talented
or has more money or whatever the reason
guys will look for like things and other
guys to make themselves look worse
yeah like I'll see some dude and I'll be
like that guy's got greener eyes than me
hey yeah you have to admit some stuff
when you're a guy like he's just better
than me at this I hate him for it's just
genetically got like better posture than
me I find that I lean over a little bit
I don't know something like that so
that's all we got for how to make a guy
jealous use this with caution trying to
get in too much trouble so you blame us
yeah we're just two dudes it's just it's
just this knowledge that you can take we
thought we'd give it to you see what
you're gonna do with it if you're a guy
use it on girls because it's not gonna
be fair if just girls use it yeah so if
you liked the video be sure to give it a
big thumbs up that helps me out also
subscribe to me I make new videos every
Friday it's pretty dope it's pretty dope
we did a video on Ryan's channel called
how to impress guys so you can click on
him and the be annotation themit's video
as well and uh yeah go check that out go
subscribe to him
with all that being said Ryan I'll see
you guys next week
