hey guys so what do I find attractive in
girls oh well I'm glad I asked because
that's exactly what I'm talking about
today a lot of people assume that
attraction is all about being
good-looking and you know what might
help I found a lot of good-looking
people to be completely unattractive
just because their shitty person and I
found a lot of people who think of
themselves as ugly really attractive so
don't just assume that that's all that
guys look for because it's not true so
here are seven things that I find makes
a girl attractive number one just do you
I know this is like the most overset
advice but honestly if you're trying to
be someone that you're not no good can
come of it if you do a tract a guy I've
ever taken to be somebody else they're
not into you for you and that's all that
matters so just don't be fake
everyone is insecure and its qualities
about themselves that they don't like
and the guys won't care as long as
you're real with them about it and if
they do care then they're pieces of shit
number two girls that are capable of
carrying a conversation my least
favorite thing is being on a date and
having to control the whole conversation
the whole night through it's giving
short answers it's you know not asking
me things it's like if I have to do all
the work in this conversation then your
buzzkill and I don't want to talk to you
I've literally had dates where I just
ask the girl questions until the dates
over so like what's your favorite actor
so what's your favorite movie that
they're in number three
girls who were decisive the vast
majority of my dates I have had to make
all of the decisions so where do you
want to go I don't know there's a Thai
place a couple blocks away there's a
Greek place I don't know this is a tough
choice to make mmm I don't know do you
like Thai food it's alright I guess this
is no help why do girls do this number
four girls who don't want everything to
be paid for them don't get me wrong I
paid for things all the time I insist on
paying for the first date 2013 and I
absolutely I'm a hundred percent for
equal rights for women and that should
mean that you pay for yourself every
once in a while or buy me a meal after I
buy you one let's take turns or
something I don't know let's be let's be
equal number five this one's kind of
dumb but I play guitar and sing
not on YouTube that much but I really
like doing it and if there's a girl that
I like I want to do it to her so don't
look bored and look like even if you
don't enjoy it that you're enjoying it
so that I don't feel shitty about myself
because I'm self-conscious about that
kind of thing
number six girls who smile a lot smiling
is the hottest thing I love smiles so
much I would of what and my last thing
number seven something that I find
really attractive is when girls know
what they want in life I mean just
generally for guys I'll respect a dude
if he knows but it's like there are so
many things you can do in your life you
could be a doctor you could be a lawyer
you can be like a teacher or a
firefighter or just like a druggie and
just stay at home and like do meth I'm
not going to judge you based on your
lifestyle but it's like you got to pick
one thing and just like put your life
into it preferably not the druggie thing
it's really hot when people know what
they want in life and just go for it
but that's all I got for this week if
you liked the video be sure to give it a
thumbs up that helps me out if you want
to see more of my videos there'll be
links at the end of this video and
subscribe to me I make new videos every
Friday leave a comment telling me the
traits that you find attractive in
people what do you look for what what's
hot to you and do you agree with the
things I said in this video do you
disagree let me know the last thing I
want to talk about is I'm with this guy
okay so we're doing a gathering um
Sunday this Sunday at Eaton Center
there's going to be a Facebook event in
the description she should come and hang
out with us and touch our butts or
whatever I don't know we just come chill
it's gonna be a very small thing we
don't have a lot of friends so pity us
and with all that being said what's my
saying Ryan I'll see you next week
you
