hi I'm Andrew quo and a lot of people
ask me Andrew how do you how you get all
of the women and you know it's not that
hard I'm gonna teach you the secret
today really all you have to do is know
how you impress them that's it so today
is impressing women all right I think we
found one hi excuse me I'm doing a
segment called how to impress women so
let me can I can I try and impress you
you can all right
first can you hold this and then face
the camera and say Subway sandwiches it
tastes awful but it works Subway
sandwiches it tastes awful but it works
hype we're doing a thing on called
impressing women do you want to be a
part of it okay here hold this look at
the camera and be like subway it's
almost as good as Quiznos subway it's
almost as good as quiz no thank you
okay hey I'm doing a series called how
to impress women we did to be part of it
all right are you ready to be impressed
okay hold this and hold this and hold
this hi I'm doing a series called how to
impress women we get to be part of it
I'm 67 years old that's actually my
ideal age range so is that all right
thank you here's my hand nothing in it
right mm-hmm
fire now no this fire how did I do that
are you impressed not quite okay
no that's fine I was expecting this
people aren't always impressed by
everything so I have a back-up plan
do you know the game candy crush do you
know what level you're on you don't play
okay that's okay how would you feel if I
was on level 42 and every level before
then had three stars have you ever seen
anybody do 20 push-ups in 20 seconds no
no - do you speak French any of you oh
no that means I mean
I am doing a series called how to
impress women did I just impress you
thank you on a 1 to 10 what would you
say Lane
11 I like that thank you 8 not as much a
fan of you thank you it's kind of sore
right now right there oh right there oh
right I have like c-cups 1 to 10 how
impressed
did I leave you a job well done I'll
take it
8 9 9 5 I'll take that I didn't expect
you to actually know French so it came
off it came off kind of rude I'm sorry
but I'm being very polite am I not would
you say that impresses you so address um
get in there get in there really hard to
please well I mean it starts with
holding things for you you keep this
attitude up and you'll be alone forever
that's all thank you
