hey guys so my last video how to impress
your crush it did well so I figure that
if you guys need help and press in your
crush I know tons of things that you
probably don't know that will probably
help this video is for girls who want to
impress guys because that's you know I'm
a guy I have I know what impresses us so
if that doesn't apply to you watch it
anyway guys are simple I'm a guy most of
my friends are guys you want to seduce a
dude there's a few things you need to
know we don't care about thigh gaps you
don't have to be self-conscious about
how much you eat like we were actually
impressed if you eat a lot as long as
you've table manners so here are some
things that us dudes pay attention to
that can guarantee you have never
thought of so lots of girls obsess over
shoes they have like 20 plus pairs you
know always on the lookout for more they
they love shoes to be perfectly honest
us dudes don't really notice oh you're
wearing black shoes today just like
yesterday and what we might not pay
attention to when you change your shoes
and when you get new pair we do notice
the condition of your shoes these are my
shoes now what do you see let's see
there are covered in mud
they're pretty battered up probably got
holes in them they're just generally not
good condition alright if a girl had
shoes like that it means she likes to
get down and dirty and that that's hot
although when a guy does it it's it's
really just being a slob hmm I mean I
don't know why girls don't find an
attractive they should as I said before
guys are impressed when a girl can eat
what better way to go on a first date
then showing up with food stains on your
mouth something something we can read
you know what is that that that mustard
ketchup what do you have a hot dog in
the way over here
oh you well maybe it's not ketchup it's
uh that was that tomato sauce the deal
was on yeah
little bit see it's like reading a book
except you know the book is sticky and
dirty and you might have to put your
mouth on it later but uh that's how it
now as a guy dancing with a girl can be
intimidating to say the least generally
I feel like girls know
dance better than guys knowing that the
girl isn't gonna show up on the dance
floor
can make the guy feel way more
comfortable and willing to open up now
instead of the usual grind humping why
don't you try my signature move the
twitch see that's a shock makes him feel
comfortable because you look mysterious
questions like uh she okay do i call
9-1-1 and who is that beautiful lady and
and why she appeared to be having a
stroke will be asked and the answers
will remain unclear well I think that's
all the time that I have for today oh
and if a girl wears glasses we just
assume she likes it in the poop chute
anyways guys thanks for watching make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe to me if you haven't already
make new videos every Friday make sure
you leave me a comment telling me what
you do to attract the opposite sex
let's talk did any of my tips work are
you gonna try any of them did you learn
anything today let me know down below
you can check out my social media links
in the description below and my last
week's video will be annotated at the
end of this video so with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week
you
