hey I'm night collab Channel stick a
screw I just uploaded a video called how
to impress women and did I ever impress
women I know that a lot of my
subscribers are younger so maybe you
don't know how to talk to whoever you
want to be with so my job today is to
teach you how to talk to your crush and
by the end of it you will all be major
players the first thing you're gonna
want to do is to have confidence
confidence is it's the most attractive
thing anyone could have asking you to
have confidence pretty big thing to ask
how are you supposed to just have it you
can't just one day be confident actually
I find that you can totally fake
confidence the day that I decided I want
to be confident I literally said to
myself you know what what the hell let's
try it and I just you know I would tell
myself to be more outgoing and tell
myself to talk to people and I didn't
want to talk to people and that's how it
starts it takes practice but that's how
you become confident once you have
confidence just go up to your crush and
be like listen we're dating now if you
don't like it then you can suck me
actually up probably enjoy that now 90%
of the time that should work and in the
very rare event that it doesn't you're
gonna have to do some research and my
research I mean stock them Facebook
Twitter everywhere you've got to learn
everything about them if they like
yellow ties and playing tennis then you
wear yellow tie and bump into them on
your way to a tennis match
you have to obsess next you're gonna
want to be romantic people love that
stuff take them to a public place and
propose to them very publicly so
publicly that it's way too awkward to
say no to something like that and then
bring marriage contracts there's no
escape at this point I don't know how
your crush is so evasive that you
haven't trapped them yet but if that's
the case there's one more thing you can
try beg sure it's pathetic but maybe if
you're desperate enough they'll feel so
bad they'll want to date you don't you
need this person you can't live without
them and therein lies the wisdom you
can't live without them maybe it's not
the best thing in the world but you
don't need somebody else to be happy and
if you truly think that you need someone
else to be happy maybe you should take
some time
off and get to know yourself a little
better the world is a beautiful place
and personally I've found that people
get the most attention from others when
they're too busy enjoying their life to
notice wow I think I was legitimately
serious for a moment to one of my videos
anyways if you like this video be sure
to give it a thumbs up it really helps
me out leave your best love advice in
the comments below
things you've learned experiences you've
had let's let's talk do you agree with
things I said do you disagree let me
know make sure you subscribe to me here
if you haven't already I make new videos
every Friday and as I mentioned earlier
on I made a video called how to impress
women on my collab channel suka screw
and honestly I think that is one of the
best videos I have ever made I am really
proud of it kind of sad I didn't upload
it to this channel so the unification
set will be at the end of this video I
hope you guys go check it out and
subscribe to that channel if you already
have not and with all that being said
I'll see you guys next week
No
ah
