hey guys so I'm droid saving my friend
Edwin's generation what's up sexy and
you know we're both skinny guys um and
there's a lot guys who are skinny and
they're just really self-conscious about
it don't think that it's a great thing
so we're here today to say five reasons
why being skinny guy is awesome
yes it's become sideways oh my god
reason number one keep endlessly
honestly I eat so much and I never get
any freaking weight I mean this is kind
of like a good and bad thing because you
know being skinny you do kind of want to
gain weight but I mean the fact that you
can have five meals a day and it's like
really hard to gain weight a lot of
people are envious at that and at some
point in our life is we're gonna look
back and be like that was awesome there
was a point in my life when my grease
tolerance was so high that like for like
four days in a week
I had a you know like the Baconator as a
triple Baconator from Wendy's we don't
have a triple we have a double really
save it as fat your food is um we have a
triple Baconator than get in Wendy's and
I would get that and get a large
chocolate frosting a large fry and I can
eat all that three times or four times
in a week and it was like I didn't feel
sickness fine that's awesome is that
cool you're a pig Doug I know real I'm a
total slob I'll give you that I'm just
glad I never have to worry about
counting the calories and all that carbs
and whatever I don't even know that
Vulkan they always haven't ever counted
calories is what I'm trying to like eat
enough like I'm like I want to have like
5,000 calories in like two meals yes
load me up baby yeah the more the better
the more calories the better number two
we are sexy skinny people so we look
like models that's true and I mean that
feels a lot different types of girls is
like the scene kids the hipster chicks
it's really just oh that's not what I
was going for you know into that are you
number three one of the biggest things
for me is that I've always been kind of
thought of as the underdog you know
nobody really expects I'm capable of
anything because I'm skinny you know I
can't I can't defend myself and I can't
stand up myself
it was just like verbally people assume
I'll just take people shit because I'm
skinny oh and it feels so good to like
score that goal in soccer like yes my
first one ever or stead
after that person would be like so what
I'm skiing it's still yeah you know
being the underdog can be awesome you
can just surprise people however if you
fail and you fuck that up
then it sucks but let's just assume that
you're a lot better than people just
assume you are because you know being
skiing exalt more to it than just being
skiing you can have skills and shit it's
rewarding so rewarding yeah
numero Quatro white people means number
four man we look great in skinny jeans
we can wear very nice uh I don't know
how true that is
I've always had can kind of
proportionately small calves oh that's
embarrassing for you die come on it's
about self-empowerment we look great
today you look great Andrew whoa whoa
whoa whoa number five uh being skinny
you always have abs always we always
just look good
sucks like everyone else everybody's
just great a fucking awesome bodies my
nipples sexy montage yeah sexy montage
montage
hey what are you guys doing oh we just
finished having sexy montage mm-hmm can
I join whoa what are you doing no what
the hell of course not
you know what fuck badass so mad America
I forgot my shirt take that
all right that's all the time we have
for today but I'll see you guys next
week
thanks for watching
