and you're not going to dress up as link
then why are you wearing that hat just
everything you do is stupid I don't care
what any of you any of these guys would
used to be my friend if every time I had
to sneeze I put a bow in mine Alice and
then can have like aimed at you I cannot
like with the intention of killing you
when I sneezed
I think I could kill a Maggie I've had
some I've had some really like hard
sneezes you know like let's say it's in
me 200 miles an hour maybe I can
definitely at least kill an infant could
definitely I could definitely kill an
infant would used to be my friend if
Alex convinced us Batman and everything
we turned around and I ran to go hi it's
um wherever you'd be like Andrew I see
you buying that chair it doesn't it
doesn't even have a back why you hiding
behind it's a stole how do you hide
behind a store you can't I see you
you're stupid and what if every time you
disagree with somebody yeah I was all
like buddy boy but yo yo B guys
yo fight fight and what if I same songs
you love loud and obviously let's don't
bore it and sing it all monotone like
butts get down to business to defeat the
Huns what if whatever you do something
embarrassing I redefine your name as
doing that thing so like if your name
was John you pissed your pants the next
time somebody piss their pants that'd be
all like hey look everybody that person
a person jhand and then you to make you
feel extra bands then everybody knew was
you I'd be like this John over the Chuck
the John would you still be my friend if
every day I asked you those questions
that I mean you know they're serious but
if you say no to them I'll pass them off
as a joke cause if like I didn't even
want to hey hey what's up you wanna you
wanna have sex that I wanna have sex we
should have sex him down
hey we shit up we should have sex what I
was joking it was a joke you're so
conceited thinking everybody just
everybody's wants him sex with you
so those no right so would used to be my
friend if I did any of those things
coming in the comments I respond to all
of them with a trick question though
because I wouldn't be a friend if you
change those things except the notice
thing that would be hilarious haha you
know still comment because I'll still
respond and I'm also check me out on
Facebook facebook.com slash Andrew quo
let's talk I'll respond to you we can
have conversations I talked to like
everybody let's not link will be in the
description along with whoa my twitter
twitter account section quo follow me if
you want to be the best
and what I sang songs you love loudly
obnoxiously bigger crackhead would used
to be my friend if I could
