you're oh my god oh my god oh you're you
linked to the hero of time I fucking
know I know you know a lot of people ask
me hey link you ever you know get even
with Zelda I'm stuck in the friend zone
soos thing does anybody does anybody see
how many many chars are in this house I
mean like it's it's it's stupid how many
jars are in that and I'll just I really
need money sometimes sometimes I'll just
go in there with her the median here and
I'll just I'll just break stuff I like
breaking things in the chicken thing
look
it's not like something I said take the
edge off I'm the hero of time you know
what that means without ya
people want me to save the world it's
not like it's like a legal age to drink
in a Hyrule no the age is 21 do you
believe that
I mean I'm saving the world I can I can
fight for Hyrule and I can't I can't
drink oh no fine I'm sure play with
cuccos cuckoo cuckoos cuccos is it weird
that I kind of like sheep more more than
Alex Alda what it's not gay it's still a
girl
she's just dressed up as a guy it's gay
hmm what did i do last night oh wait oh
I remember I do I bought a fucking
dragon what did you do oh you had a bad
day at school
oh poor wittle baby you had a fuck you
you know one time I uh
I took so much LSD I convinced myself as
Navi yeah
hey hey hey you hey hey listen you know
when it's free talks to you it means one
of two things either you ridiculously
high or well you have a hero up top
which is basically the same thing see if
I was the only guy in a tribe full of
women I I don't think I'd ever leave
really I mean who who cares about ruling
you're gonna tribe full women you the
only endure yep Daniel there's something
you're not telling us huh try again yeah
okay
so it's up with goron so they are they
like a bit of terrorists or something
like why why are they just living in
just a pile of bombs
what is why is bombs their native plant
fuck the water temple don't don't even
get me started on that bitch Navi cuz
you know I thought I thought were your
friends
we saved Hyrule together and you know I
killed Ganondorf and the second the
second Maquoketa fucking gone I'm just
gonna glad I would say it sorry I was
sexy Hey hi I'd like to report an
infestation Kakariko village yeah oh
just to the right it's just build just
fill it with spiders it's disgusting
yeah no they're huge they've you should
probably gas it you should probably just
gas down the hole oh I like that son
Myrtle oh I like that
okay yeah yeah do that do that
definitely do that
alright no no it's my pleasure
okay okay yeah you you hang up okay okay
but what they wanted me to kill spiders
you
