hey you yeah you the person watching
this video you think I'm scared you not
son
I ain't matched have one thing to say to
you get at me bro get out me bro it's
not seriously I dare you I double dare
you a box I will knock you out
well I mean not you you because if
you're watching this odds are you're a
teenage girl who only supports
everything I do
oh thanks fell away unless you're but
you you angry mail looking for a problem
you know so long as you're not crazy
jacked and you're indeed looking for a
problem well you found one you know
emphasis on the crazy jacked part cuz I
don't want to be fighting no mike tyson
you're insane all right Kate wait oh I'm
so off topic right now you I'm we're
gonna fight unless you're black it's not
gonna racist is because people in the
comments we'd be like why fighting a
black are you ready no okay let's just
avoid you know let's keep it let's keep
it whites only I want to fight all white
people cable that's not true but I mean
I'm looking for trouble
in fact my middle name is trouble Andrew
trouble well that's what that's that
sounds really bad that is incredibly
stupid I'm I even like who who can i why
am i who where am i starting a fight so
hard I guess like and favorite this
video if you enjoyed it and well I'm
beating myself up over being so
indecisive leave a comment tell me any
experience you might have had with
troublemakers hey yeah fight them um I
was born to all comments on my newest
video so yeah leave one I guess police
