this video was sponsored by best fiends
moron best fiends and a little bit I
consider myself to be a pretty confident
and social guy but the situation I hate
more than anything is seeing someone who
I find really attractive and I think no
I deal with the same of them and this
can be a total stranger or someone that
you've known for a while but either way
going up to somebody and just starting a
good conversation like a flirty good
conversation is really tough once you're
in the middle of a conversation it's not
stressful or difficult and you know from
a distance it's really easy to just look
cool but actually going up and making
that first move it's not only terrifying
but if you say the wrong thing you can
screw it up and just look stupid but you
know I'll say this the times that I have
gone up to somebody with a pretty good
intro has almost always been a positive
experience in fact my last girlfriend
before I met her was just a stranger at
a bar so I know for a fact that some of
these things really work today let's
talk about the best and flirtiest ways
to start a conversation with that
beautiful stranger so the safest thing
you can do is to try and bond over some
sort of mutual interest I go up to the
football game I love sports I see that
you're reading Shakespeare so uh to kiss
me or not to kiss me that is the
question hi I'm Andrew let's start over
so I see that you're on your phone a lot
you don't happen to be playing best
fiends do you oh you are well first of
all I find you way more attractive
because of that and second of all I
almost wish that you didn't have the
game downloaded just so I could
introduce you to the thrill of this game
again and give you five dollars and
golden diamonds by using my download
link in the description below if only
there was someone who hasn't downloaded
it yet if you didn't know best fiends is
a free puzzle adventure game where you
collect and build a team of fiends to
defeat slugs by matching same colored
objects and this month best fiends is
having their biggest update ever and
adding over 150 new levels
Wow 150 I can't even count that high
seriously it's it's a pretty big problem
for me I get lost somewhere after 30
it it's it's ruining my life right now
but yeah the basic premise here is just
connecting over a shared thing and if
they're into it turning that into a
different conversation getting to know
each other a little more and sometimes
instead of a shared interest it can be a
shared experience even though it's a
stranger and you haven't experienced
much yet it can be something going on
around you I don't know one time I was
on a bus and this is actually a really
rare story it leaked like something
dripped on me I was really disgusted so
I like recoiled into the person beside
me who I guess I hadn't looked at before
turns out there this gorgeous girl and
we started connecting over how this was
such a gross thing to happen and then we
start talking about other stuff and we
ended up exchanging numbers but it could
honestly be anything like did you hear
that guy's story in class how am I
supposed to focus with that much noise
the next type of introduction that I
would suggest is leading with a
compliment and I don't mean like hey
you're hot generally I find physical
compliments to be kind of creepy because
I don't know like how to reply to them
like if someone goes up team just says
hey you're hot like thank you you can
leave now know what I would suggest
doing is complimenting something that
they had to have put thought into okay
that is a sick phone case I want to get
a nice phone case but I don't trust
myself enough to not drop my phone so I
have to get one of those bulletproof
ones that are really ugly
boom conversation someone you at least
slightly know you could go hey your
Instagram theme is beautiful how do I do
that don't take this the wrong way but I
think I'm in love with your dog oh my
god that is the cutest I've ever seen
this is just such a great way to get
people talking about something they care
about if they put in work or thought
into something and you complement it
they're gonna want to explain their own
brilliance that's just human nature yeah
give let's call them loaded compliments
loaded because it's not just a thank you
compliment it's something that gets them
talking about themselves and lastly a
great way to get someone involved in
conversation with you is to just ask for
help but careful here because there's
definitely a line where you're too needy
and you got to stay away from that I
mean you don't wanna be like hey spare
some change
also what are you doing later you just
want to get a little tidbit of advice or
help before asking them other things and
eventually turning into just a
conversation
example of what's too far and what isn't
is you don't want to ask for somebody's
notes from a lecture because that's just
saying hey do my work for me and most
likely they're not gonna want to be your
friend after that because you're just
trying to leech off of them but on a
smaller scale if you were to be like hey
did you understand that one part the
prophets talking about cuz that just
went right over my head cuz it's such a
more minor thing they can just help you
quickly and then you can turn around
into something else wow you're really
good at this are you majoring in etc my
friend's birthday's coming up and I want
to get our shirt just like that where
did you get it is that food good because
I have no idea what to order here and if
you're not down for any of those
help-seeking intros and you're having a
hard time thinking of your own you can
always use my tried-and-true one I'm so
sorry can you hold this for just one
second boom now we're holding hands hi
I'm Andrew yes my hands are always this
soft anyway that was it for today's
video I hope that you enjoyed it if you
did give it a big thumbs up I don't
curious what are the craziest lines or
intros that you've either given or
gotten from another random person let me
know in the comments below on screen
right now are some of my favorite
comments from the last video where I
asked you guys what are some of the
craziest secret things you've caught
yourself doing because you like someone
so I want to give a big Instagram
shout-out to cardi who is a new follower
and liked a bunch of my pictures so
Thank You cardi Alexandria also a new
follower spam the hell out of me I
appreciate it thank you and Chloe you've
left me some super sweet comments and
I've seen you message me and you're just
total sweetheart and I just really
appreciate it so thank you so much so go
follow those three and hey while you're
at it follow me and spam a bunch of my
pictures for a chance to potentially be
giving a shout out at the end of my next
video if you haven't already you should
download best fiends link in the
description and subscribe to me if
you're not already because I make new
videos every week and if you're still
looking for some advice videos click
right here they get those and with all
that being said I'll see you next time
please
