what a guy likes a girl they just act
normal I think though I've really
changes when they're Andrew you know
nothing's different in how they act or
how they are nope
nothing at all and let me just say if
you actually believe that you are so
wrong there are just so many secret
little things that change in a guy's
life when he starts catching feels for
someone and honestly if I wasn't telling
you them right now I'm a hundred percent
certain most of you would never have
known about these things so today we're
gonna go over five secret things guys do
what they like you so you know don't go
snitching on me so it started off number
one a lot of people think that guys
don't talk about who they're seeing or
who they like to their friends they
assume we just keep it all to ourselves
and maybe like at most a quick little
guess who just got the last night but
like that is it but the truth could not
be farther from that if we're stoked
about a girl we need our friends to know
sometimes out of nowhere I'll get texts
from friends saying just had a great day
it's just a casual way of saying I'm
super excited about this girl whenever I
go on a date generally right after my
friends will hit me up asking how it
went
do I like this girl she girlfriend
material and you might think a lot of
those friends are like you know the more
sensitive type dudes but no these are
like the most bro doubt friends I have
because all guys want to know who their
friends are seeing if they really like
them if they're happy because it affects
them they're your friends I'm honestly
more worried about introducing a girl to
my friends than my parents because how
often do you see your parents once you
move out like not very often but friends
constantly so if they get along with
your friends then you'll just always
want to bring them out also have you
started noticing that he always smells
good around you
mm-hmm what's that about because uh when
guys like a girl I mean we all know
smelling good is attractive if we know
we're gonna be around the girl that we
like you know we're gonna spray some
Cologne on no I don't wear Cologne every
day what do I look like a millionaire to
you you I'm just gonna put on deodorant
and get on with my life I'm not trying
to impress anyone okay but you know if
you're gonna be around and on a similar
note do you ever notice that he dresses
really well because if he likes you that
is not a coincidence in fact he's
probably wearing his favorite stuff
specifically because he knows he's gonna
be
and well that might not sound like it
takes a crazy amount of thought or a
crazy amount of work I have literally
worn three different coats on the first
three dates with a girl just because I
wanted her to see that I had nice
clothes one of them wasn't even worn
what's freezing that day but it was
worth it because it was denim and I
looked cool as hell it became a little
less worth it when I got cold and she
had to hold me for warmth you know it
wasn't really the most manly thing to
ask for but it was still kind of worth
it and on a way more subtle note if a
guy likes you he's gonna remember the
most random weird little things you tell
him but didn't your mom grow up in
Colorado then moved to Palm Springs how
did your dad's doctor's appointment go
last week I'm talking hella obscure
things okay I actually don't understand
why of all things is this what were you
remember no useful that could have been
less my went to the grocery store walked
all the way there and was like wait why
am I here again but I know that my
friend is something the same thing over
and over and over again and every time
it sounds like it's the first time I've
ever heard it but when it's a girl I
like the weird stuff sticks you know out
of context that doesn't sound so good
but not everything that he does is
something that you can pick up on some
of it he does when you're not around
when he's in the privacy of his own home
it is so easy to assume that when he's
not around you he's occupied and not
really thinking about you but in reality
if he likes you he's definitely stalked
you online at least a little bit maybe
it was just to see if you're single and
I'm or because you're just so hot maybe
you wanted to remind himself how hot you
are but going through Instagram pics or
maybe he's going through your Twitter to
see if you low-key post anything that
could be interpreted as relating to him
yeah there's song lyrics you posted a
month ago good job
he's been overthinking those for the
last three weeks but yeah if he likes
you he's probably done this so it might
be worth going through your old Facebook
photos see if there's anything really
cringey that you should probably delete
take it from a former email kid some
memories are just worth bearing anyways
that was it for today thank you so much
for watching if you enjoyed this video
let me know your homes up and I want to
get your opinion on something I was
thinking about doing the video on secret
things that turn off guys things that we
will never admit we don't like but that
just really don't sit well with us I
already have a bunch ideas for it so let
me know if that's something that you're
interested in by eating this video to
if we can get there and I will make it
happen and also just leave me a comment
saying you wanna see the video also let
me know in the comments the weirdest
private secret thing that you've caught
yourself doing because you like someone
like did ever scroll to the bottom of
someone's Instagram feed or did you get
into their favorite bands because you
wanted to be able to relate with them on
that weird secret stuff I want to hear
about it in the comments down below last
week I asked you guys what the most
irresistible texts you've ever gotten
was and so right now on the screen are
some of my favorite comments from that
remember if you want to be future at the
end of next week's video make sure that
you leave a comment replying to my
question today so I just want to point
out I'm leaving this common thing for
the last maybe six weeks and I've really
do it it's been going really well so I
thought I would add one more little
thing to it I want to start featuring
three of my favorite weekly followers on
Instagram and they can be either new
followers or people who are just very
active so to start it off this week I'm
gonna be shouting up Jane Jane thank you
so much for being hella active I
appreciate the hello to you Jasmine who
have met before hey jasmine what's up I
miss you and Lauren thank you for
commenting on things you're really sweet
and if you wanna be future at the end of
my next video just make sure that you're
following me and that you like some of
my pictures my Instagram is just Andrew
quo and the link will be in the
description down below be subscribed to
me if you're not already so that you
never miss another upload and if you
still want some advice over here my
friend is where you are gonna find it
get out of here go watch more and I'll
see you next week peace
