hey so uh today not really a lot of
planning going to this just kind of one
talk and I've definitely done this video
before but you know things changed I've
changed and I just like girls so much
that I feel they need to gush every once
in a while and so while I might not be
speaking on behalf of all guys I'm sure
that many of them would agree with me on
what I consider the ten most attractive
things girls do a little corny well just
let's just get into it
number one wearing red did you know
wearing red is scientifically proven to
make you more attractive to guess I'm
not making that up right it's just the
warmest color if you wear it in a room
like you pop you were just the most
noticeable person in the room and it's
just associated with like confidence and
sexiness but also you know just from one
humble man's perspective it's just hot
it can be like a dress or like your
shoes or lipstick it's just good
anything that's red good in my books
number two is drunk texts this is kind
of a random one but if you get drunk and
then text me it just shows that I'm on
your mind even when you're not really
thinking when people are drunk they
usually will say more of what's been on
their minds than when they're sober in
fact usually people are worried about
getting drunk and blurting out something
that they don't want someone else to
know but if your equivalent to that is
getting drunk and texting me that you
like appreciate me or you miss me or
something that is so freaking cute and
people just don't make that up it just
shows that you're like really excited
about whatever we got going on you know
number three being a bit of a smartass
now like always roasting the crap out of
me till I have no self-confidence left
but rather just assuming then I can take
a bit of a joke and replying
sarcastically of stuff like every once
in a while he'll sometimes you're gonna
make me look stupid and I'm not gonna
understand what we do you think you said
and you have to explain it to me but
look I've accepted my place as the slow
one in the relationship I have other
qualities it just makes you seem really
smart and does it in a funny way instead
of rubbing in your knowledge of rocket
science or whatever else I would just go
completely over my head but yeah smart
girls rule number four having a lost
voice it's not really something that you
can control but it's definitely got a
sexy sound to it I mean there's
definitely a level in which you've lost
your voice too much and you just stop
like the auntie wants another pack of
cigarettes usually when it's just the
little horse it's got a I don't know a
seductive appeal if you will five being
a good shit talker not the same as being
a smartass that's more like a we do
reply but being a good shit talker is
just being able to completely trash me
over a game or really any competition
and again you know there's always a
perfect middle ground in which you're
not roasting the hell out of me but
you're also not like offended when I'm
shit talking you like if you hear me
saying oh you are going down then Arpaio
why would you say that to me then you
know that's it's being a little too
sensitive that's just not at all what I
want but if you can just trash talk in a
fun way which really isn't that hard of
a line to figure out that's just
something that myself and I think every
other competitive guy on earth finds
hella attractive six when you laugh so
hard it makes you look just stupid
because there's a level of laughing
that's just completely impossible to
reach on a first date with someone or
just someone that you're not super
comfortable with you know but once you
get to know each other and each other
sense of humor you can get to this point
where you just both know what the other
person would think is funny and you're
just both so in on a joke that you just
can't breathe and you just laugh
hysterically like I'm talking an ugly
laugh but you don't even care that it's
an ugly laugh because you know each
other so well that doesn't matter
there's no judgement it's just a great
signifier of knowing that you're on the
same page as someone you know it just
shows that we know each other really
well and we don't care if we look dumb
in front of each other because there's
nothing to be self-conscious about this
is nice
Elliot I'm a fan sign me up number seven
if she can do accents I consider this if
you will you're dating a really
attractive person but they're also from
the same place to you and so then I have
an accent good right all right now how
about this you're British
we're Australian where they come from
Soviet Russia like you're in a
relationship with tons of attractive
people from other countries how cool is
that this one is kind of just funny but
there actually is definitely something
attractive about being able to nail
another accent I mean it's not that I'm
trying to do a James Bond verse evil
Russian spy roleplay but I'm also not
writing enough ace being really mad and
immediately coming to me to talk about
it if someone does something that pisses
you off and it's just eating away at you
all day generally first chance you get
you go to somebody who you feel
comfortable around you
vent and it just shows how much you
trust someone being that person is great
and people don't do nice things when
they're upset like generally when you're
angry you're not going to go to your way
to show someone you appreciate them or
be really nice because you're pissed off
but if you think about it this is kind
of like a subconscious low-key way of
saying that you trust and value someone
without actually saying and me
personally I'm just living for it number
nine lots of eye contact this is another
thing that just shows confidence but
it's also so much more than that I
contact is so intense sometimes but you
can also tell so much about someone from
the way that they look at you also it is
a scientifically proven fact that
looking into someone's eyes for extended
period of time actually makes you fall
more in love with that though I don't
know you tell me is it working cash
would be a little bit creepy if it's
done by someone that you don't like but
if it's someone that you do like it just
sends all the right signs another thing
and this is just like a really small
thing but a lot of times people don't
know like when the right time is to go
in for a kiss and eye contact literally
tells you that like a hundred percent of
the time if someone's not looking in the
eyes they don't want nothing to do with
you but if they won't break eye contact
you get it so going forward look at me
like you're a lion and I'm a juicy piece
of meat and let's go number 10 big teeth
I know I've said this one before but let
me just say it is stood the test of time
with me I acknowledge that it's a bit of
a weird one I don't know if everyone
agrees with me but it's something that I
just think is incredibly attractive I
don't know exactly what it is that I
love so much about having big teeth but
if you just have like nice big straight
shiny teeth that's just so you you have
such a nice smile I feel like teeth are
such an underrated part of the whole
attraction thing like people don't ever
really talk about it but like if you
were dating somebody and they never
brushed their teeth or you know took
care of their teeth and didn't care you
would not want to be with that person
for very long and big teeth it's just a
little cherry on top of that anyways
that was my list I hope that you enjoyed
it and if you did please let me know but
even this video a thumbs up and honestly
I can do this video every single time I
see another girl that I think is pretty
so I don't know do you guys want me to
do this again maybe if we can get to
2500 thumbs up I'll make that happen so
let me know and tell me
what is a little thing that you find
irresistible in people that you're
looking to date let me know in the
comments below
last week I sought your experiences with
breakups so here on screen right now are
a few of my favorite answers to go ahead
and enjoy those and remember if you want
to be at the end of next week's video
make sure you leave a comment down below
today I make videos every single week so
to make sure you don't miss one and to
see if you got a turn at the end of next
week make sure that you're subscribed to
me and have notifications turned on and
with all that being said check out the
videos to my side I almost forgot that
part check out the videos here you still
want more advice and with all that being
said I'll see you next time peace
