I have spent close to three years of my
life in serious relationships and I mean
saying I love you spending way too much
money on Valentine's Day and of course
heartbreak when someone becomes a huge
part of your life the person that you've
by far spent the most time with letting
them go is rough and I have been on both
sides of a breakup I have done the
dumping and I've been the dumped there's
no perfect way for a relationship to end
and neither side is an easy side to be
on but I definitely think that being
broken up with is the worst of the two
because usually when you get broken up
with it feels unexpected and like the
other person has an easier time letting
go than you and just to be clear here
that is not usually the case but it can
definitely feel like it is one of the
most common requests I get for videos is
about breakups either had to do it why
did it end etc and while I can't say
that I'm speaking on behalf of every
single guy out there I've had my own
experiences with it I've talked to my
friends about it and so today I'm gonna
try and explain what's going through a
guy's head when he's breaking up with
you
for me personally when I think of the
last breakup that I had to do I wasn't
sure if it was what I wanted because the
girl I was seeing was great she was fun
to be around she was super pretty all of
my friends loved her I had a glance
there wasn't really any reason I would
ever want to break up but internally I
guess I had started feeling trapped we
hadn't been dating for almost nine
months and it definitely felt like it
was starting it really serious which I
guess is something that I didn't realize
I wasn't ready for
she had anxiety and depression and it
started becoming my responsibility to
make her feel better but at the same
time I was having some of those issues
myself and it felt like I went from
being responsible for the happiness of
one person just myself to two which was
overwhelming to say the least
I didn't know how to handle it and so I
started considering the possibility of
breaking up so we could both take time
to work on our own issues and I
definitely wasn't confident that was the
right answer it
was just something I just started
considering I thought that maybe I was
just being impulsive and all these
problems were just in the short-term but
as time went on I begun to realize that
they probably weren't gonna go away
anytime soon and if anything they were
getting worse for both of us
so I thought we needed a change and I
decided to end things I'm not saying my
line of reasoning was right or wrong I
think those are really like subjective
opinions but I I didn't know what to do
I guess you could say I was having a
quarter life crisis a relationship that
I thought was progressing a little
faster than I was comfortable with
started to feel overwhelming and after a
couple of months of trying to make it
work I realized that I couldn't and so I
ended things and I think a big part of
it is that I feel like I'm great at
being single like that's something that
I get I've spent the vast majority of my
life being single and I really enjoy it
not because I'm trying to always hook up
or anything I just I don't have to think
about somebody else all of the time
I guess I'm very comfortable being
single but being in a relationship that
goes on for extended period of time
starts to feel more like an us than a me
and I think I'm not alone in feeling
that way because for a lot of people in
their 20s a relationship could turn into
moving in together you know getting
married having kids really settling down
I have friends that are my age that have
gotten married this year and that is
crazy to me so if you're not a hundred
percent certain that the person you're
dating is someone that you want to spend
the rest of your life with is there even
a point are you just wasting time so is
that the reason that all guys are
dumping girls because they're not sure
it's the person you want to spend the
rest of their life with no of course not
but for a lot of guys in their 20s it's
definitely a problem what about in high
school or as a teenager I vividly
remember my longest-running highschool
romance and let me just say that my
reason for breaking up with her was a
lot less deep after our initial
honeymoon phase I realized that we were
really different people and so once we
started sharing class together but still
hanging out with our friends instead of
each other I just kind of knew it wasn't
gonna work and it just got so weird that
I had to end things so I guess I can't
really tell you the reason you might
have gotten dumped
by your last ex but I can't tell you
this much all of the reasons that a guy
breaks up with a girl is because from
his perspective what he wants but she
wants are two very different things
it's really easy to assume that it's for
a shallow reason like maybe he's
cheating on you or just wants to go hook
up with other people or maybe something
you did pushed him away because we as
people look for easy answers for things
that we have no control over
maybe it's entirely something that he's
going through maybe from his perspective
had you guys met at a different time a
different place it would have worked out
and would have been a happily ever after
situation but in reality you can spend
all day speculating and it's not really
gonna get you anywhere at the end of the
day having it end in general just sucks
but it's important to take away all of
the things that you learn from that
relationship and that breakup and to
just move forward because there's so
many other people out there and for
whatever reason the two of you just
weren't meant to be thank you for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it I hope that you took away
something from it but that it could have
helped in some way and I'm curious have
you ever been broken up with and what
was or what do you think was the reason
let me know in the comments below last
week I asked everyone what clothes you
like when guys wear so on the screen
right now are a few of my favorite
comments from that and remember this is
something that I do every week so if you
want to be at the end of next week's
video make sure you leave your comment
down below and maybe I'll choose yours
make sure you have subscribed to me and
if notifications turned on to never miss
an upload because I make new videos
every week which by the way if you're
still craving more I went ahead and put
some right next to me here check that
out tons of advice over there and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next time peace
