there are a lot of videos up there on
the internet for how to find out if a
guy likes you hell I've already made
that video before but this one today is
gonna be different because usually those
videos are how to passively find out if
I guys into you so it could be little
things with how he looks at you or
trying to interpret things that he says
so it might end up taking a couple weeks
or months of just analyzing this person
to find out why they don't they like you
and in that time maybe things have
changed so for today's video I only want
you to watch if you're actually willing
to put in a bit of work because I can
guarantee you that is gonna get your
answer way sooner and to be honest it's
really not that hard to do so sit down
buckle up and you're ready because today
we're gonna be learning how to
immediately know if a guy likes you so
the first thing you want to do is to
test how he acts when he's around you
because it is scientifically proven that
when a guy is interested in a girl he
will agree more with the things she says
and laugh more at her jokes even if
they're not funny so literally just hit
Google and search up some lame jokes and
save them around him and if he laughs
it's either because you have the comedic
timing or storytelling of a god or he's
just a little more interested in you
than the Joe the next thing you don't
want to do is to text how comfortable he
is with you being in his proximity
that's like a really weird thing it's
not really that complicated generally
people as a whole are very private with
their personal space and become
uncomfortable and move away if someone
gets too close unless it's someone that
they want to be around them so we've all
had times like this maybe at the
doctor's office or something and someone
sits down the only seats available is
next to you so your shoulder shoulder
with them and then you just kind of you
know move over a little bit so that
you're not touching I don't know about
you but if there's an option to not be
shoulder to shoulder with even a friend
or family member I'd take it I would
rather take that then be that close even
with somebody who I'm friends or family
with so being happy to be shoulder
shoulder with somebody is mostly just
for people that you're interested in so
wherever you are the next time that you
see the guy that you like smile say hey
and sit down next to him and see if he
immediately moves away or not even if he
like lets it play out for a couple
seconds and then gives you your space
maybe that just out of respect if he
didn't like immediately move
then you know he wasn't immediately
uncomfortable with it it just means that
he wasn't bothered by it so it's a good
sign another good test is to see if he
copies your mannerisms now this one I
didn't even know was a thing until I did
a bit of research but when you think
about it it starts to make a lot of
sense like I have definitely done this
before basically the idea is that we
mimic the mannerisms of the people that
we like so if you spend a lot of time
with somebody and they start acting kind
of like you were doing the same little
things that you do you know that they
like you for example my ex-girlfriend
you saw his crack her knuckles and
before that I had never in my life done
it I didn't even think that I could
crack my knuckles but you're so fast
since then and I still do it constantly
it is annoyingly addictive let me
correct mm-hmm and another thing that
just comes to mind a different ex of
mine picked up one of my mannerisms a
lot of the time when I'm explaining
something I'll use the words I mean like
I drink a lot of coffee I mean not like
four coffees a day but and so if she
started adding that to the beginning of
a lot of her sentences and I didn't even
notice it because you know I wasn't
looking for it but once she pointed it
out I couldn't stop noticing it it was
annoying anyways obviously those are
some big habits that we picked up over
knowing each other for you know a very
extended period of time
but this happens in much smaller
situations as well it could be somebody
who you've only been talking to for like
a couple of minutes just on a smaller
scale you could just you know give a
little a little stretch every once in a
while and see if he makes it or you can
just rest your head on your hand and you
know sit like this for a little bit and
see if he unintentionally eventually
mimics it and lastly when we're
interested in someone we have a tendency
to want them to know more about us
because then you can find that
connection you know find that spark and
you know hopefully something can bloom
from that so again we subconsciously
give it away here so when you ask him a
question does he answer it and then
explain his answer and then that remind
them something else and he just kind of
keeps talking because if he does he
probably wants you to find him
interesting because he finds you
interesting hello it's really the key
here is just asking questions about
himself you know not yes or no questions
stuff that he can actually explain and
lead him to talk about more things as if
he's more than happy to answer every
single question and elaborate for a real
long time and maybe turn it on you so
awfully enthusiastic
an interested person wouldn't you say I
actually have a list for a bunch of
things that you could use to start
conversations with a guy I don't know
that's a weird topic for a video or if
that's something year to be interested
in but let me know if that's something
that you like to see a video
specifically about and if we get to
maybe 2,000 thumbs up I'll make it
happen also let me know in the comments
below if this video reminded you of any
mannerisms that maybe you've copied from
someone or ones that someone's copied
from you I just figured that I really
enjoyed remembering those stories that I
shared some of you guys with to let me
know down below last week I asked you
guys about your experiences with getting
guys to chase you so on screen right now
are a few of my favorite comments but
again if you would like to be featured
at the end of my next video next week
make sure that you leave that comment
down below I took the liberty of putting
some videos next to me right here if you
still want some more advice so check
those out if you'd like there's a
playlist there also highly recommend and
you know make sure you subscribe to me
and turn on notifications to never miss
an upload a lot being said I'll see
y'all next time peace
