are you hot enough for him or is he out
of your league if these are questions
that you're asking yourself the answer
is yes
now hold on because I don't at all mean
that it's impossible for you to get this
guy or girl but before we get there
there are some things that you need to
know first of all are you hot enough for
him it's a toxic mindset to have just to
ask yourself that question well I
understand that to you it's a legitimate
question it shows a deep insecurity
about yourself and an idealization of
him which to him is gonna be a huge
turnoff if there's one thing that I know
to be true about myself my other guy
friends and just about every other guy
I've ever met if that we all place value
where others see it for example if you
want to run a marathon it's at least
partially because you want to become a
marathon runner otherwise I mean you
could just run that exact same distance
on your own and not compete in an
official race but having that title
gives you value and people place value
in their jobs in their hobbies and in
other people if you're the most fun
person to be around people will value
having you as a friend and when it comes
to dating I've seen girls who well they
might not be the most physically
attractive person because of their
personality or their intellect or just
have fun they want to be around
they absolutely crush it with dudes and
because so many people place value in
them and they can literally be seen as
the most attractive person ever just
because of how much everyone likes them
so if you're asking yourself if you're
hot enough the truth is you don't value
yourself enough and the more you do the
more that affects how you act and how
the people around you see you and you
might be hearing this and thinking okay
but you know there's a limit I don't
want to become cocky and to that I gotta
say you need to get that idea out of
your head completely just the fact that
you're worried about being cocky when
right now you're the opposite means that
there is no chance you will ever be
cocky
pakhi people are cocky because they're
not insecure so believe me when you get
there you'll have totally different
problems to worry about okay but
confidence aside still looks are
probably 30% of the whole package being
hot is not purely physical there are so
many other things that go into it we've
already talked a bit about personality
but even more valuable than that to most
people is experience what have you done
your life so far that's worth talking
about what are you doing now have you
traveled much are you super ambitious
and trying to start a company or are you
incredibly good at something you know
the saying you can't judge a book by
it's cover obviously your cover is your
appearance but all the pages inside
that's your experience I don't know
about you but I don't pick a book book
because of a pretty picture the honest
truth is the guy that you're interested
in is out of your league if he's working
on 12 different things and the only
thing you're working on is him I mean
maybe you can hook up with them but if
you want something more than that then
he needs to see you what makes you
special but you know I just said a
minute ago that looks do have something
to do with it you can be the most busy
person on earth but if you don't put any
effort into how you look then that can
be a turn-off too and I'll be honest
girls have the crappier end of the stick
here I mean as a guy I really got to do
is style my hair brush my teeth wear
deodorant work out a little but girls
girls have way more types of clothing
and accessories they wear makeup and all
these things they can make you more
attractive but if you're the type of
person that doesn't like doing any of
that
the last thing I'm telling you to do
here is to suck it up and do that cuz
that's just going back to point one here
where you're valuing him more than
yourself you are literally the center of
your own universe and the more that you
live that way the more attractive you'll
become so work out or wear makeup do
whatever if it makes you happy but don't
do it for him and lastly maybe after all
this he's not interested and that is not
such a bad thing you can't convince
people to like you but that's his loss
because if you listen to what I said
here today then you know that you
deserve the best
you literally deserve someone who is
perfect for you and being uninterested
is the least attractive quality someone
can have because they don't see your
worth you should never have to try and
convince someone what you're worth what
you think Picasso went on the street to
sell his paintings the first person you
walked past no because his art is
priceless and there's no use in trying
to sell art to someone who doesn't
understand it or even want to understand
it anyways that was the video I hope
that you enjoyed it if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and let me know
in the comments below if you've ever
felt not
enough for someone and if that's
something that you're still struggling
with or if you've somehow managed to get
past it please
details below last week I asked about
crazy experiences the us have had with
dating apps so here are a few of my
favorite responses and don't forget I'll
be doing this again next week so make
sure that you leave a comment below and
also just to see if your comment made it
make sure that you subscribe to me and
turn on notifications so you never miss
an upload I guess with all that being
said I'll see you guys next time peace
