hey I'm a jerk whoa and the other day I
got a really crappy compliment you're so
cute I have spent years just honing this
tough intimidating masculine persona and
I don't think this girl is trying to be
condescending but there's some
compliments that you just don't say to a
guy there are good and bad ways to
compliment a dude is I guess I'm trying
to say today let's talk about the
compliments that work that guys will
love so Before we jump right into this
really quick in doing the research to
find out like the comments that do work
I found a lot of ones that don't work so
if you guys do enjoy this video and want
to see a sequel it's specifically about
compliments that you should never say
let me know by giving this video a
thumbs up and leaving a comment down
below anyway let's get into it
first of all guys just want to feel like
men like even if he's really skinny or
overweight when we're at the girl guys
just want to feel like our masculinity
is appreciated what you need a jar
opened let's go can't reach that top
shelf
I got June so any compliment that gives
us that makes us feel amazing about
ourselves and when we feel that way
around you you know we're going to keep
you around so you know stuff like wow
you look handsome so that is the word
that does not get used enough I feel so
safe in your arms it's like you're my
dad
okay wait maybe maybe cut that last part
point is stuff that makes us feel like
powerful tough men the next type of
compliment that guys really like or
least that really works with guys is
sort of the opposite of combo Indian
guys looks like saying something about a
person's appearance is nice but one
that's probably the most common
compliment that anyone gets and two it's
not really something that you work too
hard on I mean yes you bought clothes
and used a good face wash and you know
had braces when you're in middle school
but it's not something that you put your
heart into you know those are the kinds
of compliments that really sit with a
guy for example it's a guy plays guitar
don't just tell them that he's good say
something like wow you must be
plain for years thing it that good that
takes such determination guaranteed this
guy's going to be like wow you know what
I have been playing for years no one
ever appreciates that so uh you want to
get out here or something I mean I'm not
guaranteeing is going to take you out to
when you sparking line do stuff with you
but you might you know this dude isn't
insanely talented at anything
specifically this next complement will
still make him feel amazing and it's
just a lot easier to do just acknowledge
his effort it's not to be great at
something but he'll sure as hell improve
a lot more if he feels like someone
believes in him well I know you've burnt
this food but let me tell you as far as
mush goes this is the best damn Bush I
ever had okay maybe don't compliment
something he utterly screws up but
something like thank you for listening
or for being here or for thinking about
me thank you for any little thing that
he did that showed some amount of effort
because everyone does stuff all the time
that doesn't get acknowledged that's
thoughtful towards the people if you
notice that self guys appreciate it
okay but complimenting somewhat effort
means that you probably know them
already because they're exerting effort
towards you but you know sometimes you
want to call them in somebody you don't
know quite as well so this next one is a
lot easier to apply earlier on in
knowing someone if you're starting out
fresh with a dude and he said anything
about reading studying working hard you
know something about his passions
compliment his intellect you read that
book that is such a tough read you must
be really smart really just a million
variations on how smart this dude must
be obviously don't use this type of
compliment it's the guy's an idiot
that might seem pretty damn disingenuous
like well you read that sentence all by
yourself I didn't think you had it in
you it's just a couple missing his brain
not his skill not his effort it's it's
it's his level of intelligence and
that's something that we all hold dear
to ourselves you're commenting the way
he thinks it's just a nice personal
compliment and lastly this one's
probably mode
affective type of complement because it
goes beyond just complimenting something
about him tell him about to the sex on
you because the compliments show that
he's important to you that he is valued
by another person he's made your life
better overall especially if you're
gonna be dating someone I mean me
personally I sure as hell want to know
the person I'm dating treasures me but
so what it's just insecurity everywhere
so you compliments could be you know
huge range of things like anything from
you always know how to make me laugh to
you make me feel good about myself and
even straight up who you got me all hot
and bothered baby Wendy's parking lot
five minutes let's go anyways I hope
that you enjoyed that video if you did
let me know by giving this video a
thumbs up and like I said earlier I do
have that idea for compliments that
don't work on guys so if that's
something you're interested in seeing
let me know in the comments down below
make sure that you're subscribed to me
so that if I do post that video you
don't miss it and so tonight a little
spell notification button because I'm
making videos weekly one more thing
I'm on Instagram baby if y'all have an
instrument and want to follow me you
should want to be spamming a bunch of
new followers on there just going
through your photos and liking them and
replying to comments and stuff so please
follow me Instagram is just at Andrew
quo the link will also be down below and
yeah with all that being said I'll see
y'all next week three
