hey if you've been on YouTube at all in
the last week or two you probably know
that this whole Logan slash Jake Paul
beast thing they don't know what I'm
talking about
here's a quick recap less than a month
ago a former vine guy Jake Paul and his
group of friends called team Ken
released a music video for a song that
they wrote called
it's everyday bro and it was um pretty
terrible it's everyday bro with the
Disney Channel flow and no one knows
anyways Jake Paul's brother Logan Paul
watch it in one of his blogs into the
bad but it is words it shouldn't be
every day bro so Jake make the gist
tract about Logan and before Logan
finishes his district as a reply Jake
apologizes because of the apology he
only uploaded the first half of his song
and the very end of it going into the
second verse it was like this girl get
in the car and then it stops
some people are saying the girl is
Jake's ex Alyssa I know it's unclear
whether or not the second verse is going
to go up so that's basically where's
that now and every video there both
those things about this second verse and
like whether or not it should go up and
it's just all getting just millions of
views anyways I got a theory about this
it's actually not even really a theory
like I'm completely confident that this
is true but I don't have physical proof
so its theory every tiny piece of this
drama was staged dull fake none of it is
real and honestly I think that the Paul
Brothers like have a calendar like they
had they had everything sketched out
when what would go up when they just
they planned it all out completely
okay so proof uh they're brothers I mean
if any two people were to have drama and
still remain friends
it would be siblings I mean dick me
around real drama does happen on YouTube
but if it doesn't break a friendship
it's probably fake which leads me to the
next universally known fact drama equals
views let's say
look at what happens if I type into
youtube youtube drama
oh we're so good there's all these
videos by people who have millions of
subscribers
but this let's do do drama alert is
interesting oh look
almost 2 million subscribers off solely
YouTube drama I think I've made my point
so uh I might not be a rocket scientist
but let's have a quick recap here two
siblings who've been cross promoting
each other since vine have drama
something that's been known to give
entire careers to people on here and are
making tons of videos about it huh
I feel like this has all been very
obvious so let's take it a step farther
because I don't know maybe they're just
two brothers having a little fight and
it just happened to be on YouTube and
also be getting them like millions of
subs Quinton is I'm sure what did Jake
even diss Logan about it is this track
open this back up let's find out shall
we
Oh Oh make a better song bitch yeah no
luck no gang is shit your pants up shit
why don't we the Walmart one direction
your boy band that you hang out with is
a shittier version of like the most
popular boy band this decade that's like
saying a you're like a shittier Justin
Timberlake like God bless you for
comparing me to him at all why all your
blogs look like mine
okay you copy my blogs you talking trash
about the song we made we've been in one
day you had this many ways that then
insult you would just spend sixty
thousand dollars on a music you have
sixty thousand dollars that's so
expendable you can just be like hey
let's make a music video for me that
would be an insult because it's like you
spend sixty thousand dollars and now you
have negative fifty nine thousand
dollars mr. Donald Trump there I don't
really love it
mr. Donald Trump hey you know what sure
sure I could see it I'll give you that
one jig oh no you stupid idiot you're
not dizzy only real men are on Disney I
feel like Jake you have like the shitty
end of the stick here
if Logan's doing movies that seems
better tell me Scott but you don't know
shit that was really cruel Drake I'm
surprised
Logan didn't break down and cry when he
heard that he can't drive his Lambo quit
as well as his brother can drive his
Lambo tough times for the bow family
honestly I like Logan's videos i watch
them sometimes but even I could cut way
deeper than Jake did with like nothing
because this is a guy who bought glasses
that help them see color for the first
time
yeah by the way guys I'm actually deaf
and these headphones are supposed to
help me here so oh my god it's not even
anything going on but human voice
finally well I'm gonna I'm gonna put on
some music or something I'm gonna listen
to a song it's everyday bro with the
Disney Channel flow bop
Bell on YouTube in six months never you
know what I was happier before also why
you always hanging out with a bunch of
teenagers isn't most of why don't we
like 15 I mean come on I'm not roasting
you but I mean if I wanted to there's
better stuff out there all right I don't
know maybe the fact that he did this
video got a friend you've got a friend
basically just hey look I'm friends with
the dwarf funny because I don't really
see that guy in your vlogs very often so
maybe you guys aren't super close
friends maybe you just thought a
friendship with the dwarf was a bunny
again I'm not trying to roast Logan I'm
just saying if you're gonna cut cut deep
oh it's just so clearly fake but I mean
Logan's reply was better right I made
you famous once it's the thought that
happens right gig I made you famous
oh let's talk about your garbage that
you call this song your song is bad I'll
admit you got money you got bars you got
chit what's your redic you ain't
thankful for your fans it's kind of
funny he's only just like your money you
have girls
yeah cars but you're a dick so take that
do your investors know team ten ain't
making any money that's interesting yes
they like money although how true can
that be when you're dropping music
videos like this for fun in a day like
and all your friends live in a mansion
with you not mention Jake got like a
million
reason last week I'm sure he's got money
see it starts with an italic but it's
hard when you've got none I think you
kind of felt because I'm the favorite
son I last would cut deep man
sure so not really dipping each other
nothing is really going to break over
relationship between brothers here so
it's clearly staged so since it's staged
we can make some predictions here about
what's about to happen in the immediate
future the girl is coming out on the
second verse of Logan's diss track
that's definitely Jake's ex like it it
has to be because I would get everyone a
lot of views and subscribers that means
that Jake knows about it and is cool
with it one thing you gotta understand
is youtubers don't give a shit about
their personal lives and relationships
as long as they're getting that YouTube
money as much as they're being
indecisive about whether or not doing a
postage they converse it's a little too
mean it's just trying to build hype for
when it does drop I will bet anybody a
million dollars that is going to drop
because once that whole song does come
out guaranteed tens of millions of views
and I mean who knows maybe afterwards
Jake will be like you cross the line or
I didn't kill you you could do that I'm
going to make a diss track back and you
know the shit you've gone through
forever I'm not saying they're going to
do that they might I don't know but I
didn't the craziest part about all this
is that if I'm right this was a little
plan from the very beginning when Jake
first released this on Logan had to make
a jab at it and when Jake decide to make
a diss track kids or rip on Logan's
audience to Logan because I let Logan be
the good guy I mean he has to step up
and say hey mess with me all you want
but never mess with my followers smoking
this is beyond me he's insulting us and
he gets to just play the euro and then
Jake apologized to Logan to also make it
seem like he's a good guy wow they're
just such stand-up guys you know we need
more people like down in the world
they're so nice honestly I think it's
cool to watch because I mean here's two
brothers who are manipulating millions
of people and I mean that's kind of cool
anyway that's all I have to say on that
what do you guys think is it all staged
is any of it real
I don't let me know and I don't hit the
subscribe button down there if you'd
like to see more videos by me and with
all that means that I'll see you all
next week
please
