people are stupid like just
fundamentally we do so much shit that
doesn't make sense
hey what's up how y'all doing today so I
was just my friend a few weeks ago and
he was complaining to me about this girl
that he liked and how he was getting
mixed signs and didn't know what to do
sometimes she gave signs suggesting she
may be into him and other times it was
the exact opposite
so after explaining this he goes women
men they still make sense and you know
what I did I stopped and I looked at him
and I said actually women make perfect
sense it's only when you're flirting
with them that they're confusing and for
that matter men do the exact same thing
and the more I think about what I said
that day the more I realized just how
true it is so wearing it real for a
second but over the last six months I've
been almost completely absent from the
dating game I've gone out with maybe two
or three women in that time and I've
never really cared for it to go past a
third date but at the same time I'm
around more women now like in my daily
life then I think I've ever been I have
friends who are chicks and I'm in a
different city every other weekend for
press play the tour room apart oh just
meeting and hanging out with all these
girls more I do this the more I realize
that men and women are the exact fucking
same if y'all are not trying to hit it
and I mean there is a mutual
understanding that the two of you are
just friends there's no secrets
there's no mind games or trying to
figure out what's something someone said
implies how that bullshit is just thrown
out the window and everyone is just
crystal clear but what's going on the
problems only start when one party
starts to like another party and then
just everything gets messed up we can't
all be emotionless robots like I have
been for the past few months so sooner
or later this is going to happen and the
biggest problem that stems from all this
is from people not being sure whether or
not their feelings are reciprocated it's
just the fear of rejection and that's
probably the most relatable problem that
has ever existed and ever will exist
problem is that fear usually South
people from being direct which I also
understand I mean it's not very human of
you to go up to someone and say hey I'm
attracted to you you try to do me great
let's get dinner and then fornicate so
because you want to be
pretty confident they'll agree go with
you before you ask you flirt also
concerning honestly can help convince
someone to like you back I mean if
you're good at it so how do we flirt how
do we tell if someone is flirting with
us what do you do when you're being
flirted with and if all goes wrong is it
socially acceptable to get down on your
knees and cry and beg for them to go out
with you
dances yes by the way it is always yes
so when you really boil it down there's
two kinds of flirting first one let's uh
let's call it courting basically the two
of you don't really know each other and
you just want to get the ball rolling so
to speak it could be a stranger at a bar
or someone you've seen around the gym or
someone you've been eye boning in the
lecture hall courting is just basically
all about what you say and do in person
and for all the introverts out there
it's probably the harder of the two
because you have to talk to them in
person and you might only get one shot
it's really like a whole other video to
tell you what to do to initiate this so
let me know in the comments below if you
guys want to see that but right now
we're just going to live in a beautiful
hypothetical world in which all the
people that we like are just drawn to us
by our beautiful feelings so if a
stranger start stalking you somewhere
you just got to go on a full-on lockdown
to decide whether or not this person is
flirting are they offering to buy you a
drink hmm
maybe they're just really nice do they
get behind you at the gym to help show
you proper squat technique maybe they're
just super nice are they asking for
notes from that lecture because they
missed the class at that point they
probably just want to get in your pants
no I mean you have to kind of determine
for yourself based on the context
whether or not they're flirting but they
will definitely give you a hint like
okay this might sound a little
manipulative so make sure you abuse it
but if anyone approaches you anywhere
and you want to know if they're flirting
if only for an ego boost flirt back I
mean not like to obviously but just you
know smile and be really nice and look
deeply into their eyes while this is all
going on because if they're flirting
then they will see it as a sign that you
are flirting back then they're going to
try and stay in contact in one way or
another let's at each other on Facebook
oh you should text me those notes from
less class add me on snapchat oh you are
getting
a dick pic later and whatever you do
don't downplay this I mean if he had you
on Facebook don't be like oh he just
added me on Facebook that doesn't mean
anything I mean he had an opportunity to
stay in contact and he took it so you
just got to proceed to checkout here and
move on to Phase two or the second type
of flirting let's just call it
progressive flirting progressive
flirting is a well it takes a little
longer it starts at the ongoing
conversation leading up to a date so if
you're on tinder or Bumble or anything
like that you skip the whole first part
you're just jumping right to here but
also goes into the first few dates and I
mean you can be doing this for months
into seeing each other until you're both
secure enough in your relationships and
not have to do it anymore it's like if
you're hungry the courting phase was
catching a fish but now you got to let
it cook so y'all some form of consistent
communication now texting snapchat
whatever flirting over messages it's a
solid way to see if he's into you to
learn shit about each other and to set
up a date is he sending emojis my 10th
dumb butt straight up he's sending I
thought I'll just post the one these are
a bunch of motives that I have used to
flirt if he's like sending any other
shit it's it's at least a good sign it's
not about debating whether or not he's
flirting with you because you could just
doubt every nice thing anyone has ever
done for you that's not going to get you
anywhere it's just a little check mark
to mentally kind of tick off and that on
top of a few others means he's all-in is
he texting back quickly that's usually a
good sign right means he's really into
you or he's intentionally waiting a
couple hours to fix you back to look
like he's too cool because he's into you
Oh dating sucks
the only real surefire way to not
overthink this and drive yourself crazy
it's just see if he wants to hang out so
at most if a couple days go by and they
don't ask you to hang out then just you
ask them to hang out and if they stop
texting after that then you have misread
the situation entirely and you should
just stop beating this dead horse it's
probably easier way to put it but it's
not going to change the situation but
once you've gone on a date if they keep
texting back with like the same level of
enthusiasm as they did before the first
one
and then you know you gotta so eat up
and enjoy the fruits of your labor also
just setting a time to hang out and
going and doing something one on one
with them it's way easy to find out if
they like you then at least in
comparison to try to figure out stuff
online because fuck an emoji one little
og can mean 50 different things look the
beauty of the progressive flirting phase
that the longer that it goes on for and
the more the two of you flirt and
reassure each other that you're still
interested easier it'll be to be honest
with each other because the end of the
day is just about finding someone you
like and cutting through all the
bullshit so that eventually you can just
say hey I'm attracted to you
are you tracted to me great let's get
dinner and then 40k it was thank you
guys for watching this video I hope that
you enjoyed it if you did smash that
thumbs up button I'm done advice video
in quite a while and I'm still going to
do the stuff I was doing before but I
might start throwing these in a little
more often so let me know if you're
interested in that in the comments down
below but uh while you're here make sure
that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos hit that
little bell notifications never miss an
upload and also while you're here check
out the videos that I'm going to put
right here and they're going to be super
good so you should watch them but all
that being said you guys Monday they're
Tuesday or whenever I lose MINIX videos
but yeah good
