I tried to tell this video yesterday and
the day before and every single time I
have made the same cheesy crappy joke at
the beginning I don't know why I think
it's so funny it's really not Wow
I am a sight for sore eye oh boy I am a
sight for sore eye man
oh man I am a sight for sore eye oh I am
so lame and super like not the point of
this video if you've seen the thumbnail
I'm sure that you've noticed my my black
eye and that's kind of something that
I'm going to be talking about I didn't
even know if I should make this video
because I don't want to like condone
violence or anything I don't want you
guys to think that I'm like a
troublesome type of person who goes out
and starts fights or anything ask the
farthest thing from Who I am I've never
been in a fight really before this I've
like fought with friends and you know
like stuff in school that's like not
really a fight so this was just um
really new to me so I guess I want to
talk about it I wanted to say what
happened and how I feel about it and
yeah I don't know I haven't seen anybody
else on YouTube really talk about this
kind of stuff if it's out there I'm sure
it's out there but I haven't seen it
myself so if you've seen any of my
videos you know that I'm not like the
type of kid to like get into fights or
anything so so I mean if it's not
obvious already I got beat up huh
obviously that's a vast under
explanation of what actually happened
but it's not a fight that I want so it's
not wrong to say that you could kind of
see from the joke that I made kind of
the reason I want to keep that clip in
because it also shows how my I looked
yesterday in the day before I mean it's
getting a lot better really quick
actually the night of the friend who I
was with took some photos just I don't
know just to have it just to see what it
look like just to look back on it and be
like eh
remember that happened so I'll put them
on the screen right now
there's some pics of me with my black
guy at its worst anyways what happened
that night how did how did this all come
to pass so it was a couple nights ago
and I was downtown with my friend and we
decided we were gonna you know go out
some fun and went to a bar and had a
couple drinks there and went to a couple
other places and then my buddy suggested
this cool place look like a bar with a
dance floor in the area and said he
heard it was like fantastic so we went
there and it was it was really nice
place this fun we got a couple more
drinks there and I wouldn't say we were
like super drunk or anything we really
weren't but we just so good so go there
and hanging out and 2:00 a.m. rolls
around which is the time that usually
bars closed at least in my city so we go
into the street and there's this dude
there now I wouldn't say that I'm the
type of person who looked at somebody
and just assumes what they're like but
this was a dude who was shirtless
outside like basically the club district
and he was next to like in his car and
just yelling obscene shit and like
everyone around him most people were
just ignoring him I don't even know if
he was drunk or what was going on in his
head but he just like looks like such an
asshole and this is no way me building
up to like instigating anything that's
not how it happened but you just tell
this guy does a dick with a walk past
India where we wanted to go so I walked
past him and he started yelling stuff at
us my friend and I hearing this being
annoyed but like not really caring that
much we just like flip them off and keep
walking as far as we're concerned thanks
for you dick fuck you're like that's all
it is but of course if your shirt looks
outside of a club you are not so cool of
a person as to let anything slide so
this guy gets super pissed off and comes
right up to my friend and you know like
you how long do the bars they do this
thing
I like they I don't know if they
actually like prepared to fight but like
they get like really up in their grill
like they puff their chest and go like
yeah what the hell man like that kind of
stuff so God does that but he gets super
close like little a little too close to
my friend my friend thinking this guy's
about to hit him
hits first now first of all boys this my
friends has never been in a fight I've
never been in a fight but it was like a
fight-or-flight response you know when
somebody gets that close to you you
can't help but feel like if you don't do
something you're going to get hurt so he
got like like way too close and then my
friend hit him and the guy took a step
back realized he just got hit and just
immediately swung back this all happened
in the span of like three seconds by the
way so I didn't have time to even
understand what's going on until my
friend got it and then all I saw was
holy shit my friend just got hit and I
have the same kind of flight or flight
response where I'm like I need to stick
up for my friend I run over and I punch
the guy and I've never punched somebody
except for like friends when we had like
little fights but it wasn't like in the
face and lonely hard this is the point
of which my friend I really realized
that we messed up well my friend got hit
he fell onto these like bushes that were
right next to the sidewalk and so he
wasn't lying down and per se but like he
was on his back basically like just down
for the count
couldn't get back up for like long
enough when I punch this guy I didn't
realize that the car that he was
standing next to the whole time was
actually filled with his friends and so
the side door opens and I don't like
fully see this cuz I just swung and like
what was going on they saw it so the
side door opens and I get hit from the
side like never having seen up until
that point somebody getting out of the
car or anything so I get hit and I go
onto the bush like again just like sheer
instinct I'm like I I'm fine I can get
back up so I get back up and now I'm
seeing there's like more than just a one
guy coming out
are and there was like two other dudes
in there and I get back up and just get
hit down again and I think I like hash
get up a third time get hit again and at
that point I was like all right I've
invested I have learned my lesson
I will stay down and that is what I did
then they left us alone and drove off
and that was the end of that a couple
seconds later my friend and I both get
up just kind of look at each other
obviously so like adrenaline pumping
she's got like a little bruise like here
but he got hit once and stayed down and
I did not though I had a bunch of blood
coming from my nose actually my eye and
now I have a black eye and that night I
had a black eye but my ayah wasn't
swollen all right away but my nose was
really bloody obviously I didn't look
very good there's actually glowed like
all over my clothes too like on my shirt
on my pants and you know my shoes and it
was just dripping from my nose so it was
really gross so we said we're gonna find
a restaurant that still opens I can use
the bathroom and try and clean myself up
before getting into an uber home and so
walking past one restaurant that just
closed and there's a guy just came there
cleaning up and I just yell up like hey
can ya means napkins he turns around
like definitely expecting to say no but
just see me be like oh yeah I gave you
some napkins and goes away and comes
back in a minute
give me some I wipe up my face I try and
you know clean up even though I can't
really see what's going on and try and
clean up you know the blood on my face
that I do have I feel like a lot of
congestion I guess I've never had this
happens that's why I'm explaining it but
I feel less congestion my nose and so I
try and blow my nose and suddenly I feel
like my eye just shifts forward like it
was the weirdest thing it was the
scariest thing really thought like my I
was going to pop out so I stopped
blowing my nose but basically I think
that is what gave me the black guy is
that there's a lot of sensitivity here
and I blew my plug blew my nose and my I
just like rushed forward and yeah
obviously the my nose was filled with
blood and we get to a bathroom I get to
cut the line that's you know ever if you
ever want to cut the line into a
bathroom I have your friend punch you in
the nose or something
letting look really bad and they'll
probably do it if you ever if you ever
wanted to learn how to do that feel
really desperate to go to the bathroom
that's a good way to do it so I go to
bathroom bathroom doesn't a mirror what
kind of fucking bathroom doesn't have a
mirror so I tell my friend to come in
and like just look at me and be like if
they're blood anyway your points out to
the places and we clean up yeah and then
the restaurant gives me some ice and I
go home so that was that was my night
that was a that was the first fight I
had ever been in one of the reasons that
I was really worried about posting this
video and wasn't even sure if I was
going to is because I don't people to
think that I think violence is cool or
like the necessary answer I think as
often as possible a hundred percent it
should be avoided completely because
there's so many better ways to solve
issues however this was a situation
obviously we could have done stuff
different like not having split the guy
off but this was a situation where the
point at which I decided I had no choice
but to get involved is when I saw my
friend get hit and I hope beyond the
doubt that any of my friends like if
you're truly my friend that if I got hit
in a situation like that that my other
friends would help me out because it
could have been it could have been worse
like I don't know what could happen if I
wasn't there I understand with there are
times where if you don't stick up for
yourself and for your friends it's worse
than not doing anything but I think it
was a good learning experience it could
have been a lot worse
and I'm glad that it wasn't cooking a
lot better just you know being
optimistic but I don't know what do you
guys think do you think there's ever a
situation in which violence makes sense
say a thing into the right thing
guessing I'm an idiot I'm open to all
answers let me know in the comments
below please watch some of my other is
because they're not about violence and I
like to think that they're pretty funny
I'm putting out two a week so
if you enjoyed this maybe we'll draw
those and a little regular video on
Monday so look out for that all right
peace
you
