hey what is up you guys yes today we
just get it I'm a big fan of conspiracy
theory videos they have become something
of an anomaly on the Internet as of late
and you know that we live in a world
where everyone can post things online
there's a lot of crazy stuff out there
and I thought I would talk about my
favorite conspiracy theories and ones
that I haven't seen really on the
internet now I haven't thoroughly
investigated whether or not anyone else
has talked about these some of them are
fairly new and from things that I
watched a lot so I feel like I feel like
they're not very common conspiracy
theories with that being said today I'm
going to be talking about conspiracy
theories specifically about childhood
television shows real quick if you
enjoyed this video and want me to talk
about more conspiracy theories make sure
that you tell me in the comments below
and give this video a thumbs up to tell
me now okay so the first conspiracy
theory that were going to talk about is
about the show
scooby Doo you know there have been many
versions of this show ranging from like
my parents generation to when I was
growing up I know that they've done
movies it's a big franchise a show first
released in 1969 and all of the other TV
shows that followed are supposed to have
taken place in the same year 1969 and it
seems like a pretty simple show right it
has four kids and a dog that can talk
for whatever reason traveling across the
USA in a van and solving mysteries along
the way but according to one theory
there's a little more going on have you
ever wondered where these kids are going
they just seem to be aimlessly driving
across the u.s. one theory says that
they're all driving north to Canada to
escape the Vietnam War draft now I know
it sounds a little far-fetched but 1969
was when the Vietnam War was going on
there was a ton of protests and riots
that war tons of people lost their lives
to that war and a lot of young people
were being drafted against their will
and if you look at the characters in
scooby yeow it's not hard to see why
they would want to escape the war I mean
take Shaggy and Scooby I mean obviously
Scooby's not going to be recruited as a
dog
but shaggy
is clearly some sort of stoner dude who
just wants to sit around and eat and
there's far too terrified of everything
to want to join the war he would not
last five minutes getting shot at when
he's terrified of dudes dressed up as
ghosts in Velma I mean she's super smart
and has strong moral values so I don't
think it's a big stretch to look at her
as a rebellious anti-war protester Fred
and Daphne are a little more of a
stretch I think because Fred seems like
a pretty level-headed regular leader
type guy he seems to really have no
reason to want to run away but if
something like his draft number had just
been called I kind of understand why he
would take ship and just leave and
Daphne I mean they were clearly together
and so they just both decide together to
get the hell out so if that was the case
that all the mysteries they're solving
along the way are really just diversions
on their way to Canada I don't know I
mean I never thought about where they
could be going or why they're solving
mysteries it just kind of seemed like
they just wanted to do it but having it
be about the Vietnam draft that makes
sense to me there was never an
explanation for that
so I mean it's more than we ever got
from the writers I believe it this next
theories about Fairly OddParents
so if you haven't seen the show Fairly
OddParents basically about this kid who
has this terrible sort of home life
where his parents are very oblivious to
his problems and he has a babysitter but
to really mean to him and a really
creepy teacher and it's just his life
isn't that great until these fairy
godparents show up and start granting
him wishes and basically in every
episode he's just making more wishes
that change his life for the better so
the theory here is that his Fairly
OddParents Wanda and Cosmo he actually
made them up I mean there's a lot of
signs that he might have been going
through some sort of abuse and took help
with that came up with these two
mystical figures that will help him
immediately
with the snap of a finger get rid of so
many of his problems but if you look at
his life I mean he's clearly got these
very bad parent
who are completely oblivious to this
babysitter that has physically abused
him like tied him up amongst other
things and kind of tortured him this is
very creepy teacher who was obsessed
with Timmy and some theorists think
there might be some sort of abuse there
I don't know
and he's a very not confident kid so
it's fair to say that he wouldn't want
to speak up about these kinds of things
and just kind of internalize all of
these problems and when you bottle
enough stuff up that could drive anyone
to the point where they're finding ways
to cope that aren't actual solutions I
don't know you know this one seems a bit
of a stretch but it's really dark and I
just thought it was entertaining and
this doesn't really have to anything to
do with the theory but just a little fun
fact you know how Kimmy's dad is
obsessed with the dinklebergs and just
hates his neighbor
dinkleberg is a reference to the word
dink which stands for dual income no
kids so what's really going on is the
dad is envious of his neighbors for not
having children and therefore having all
of this money to spend on fun activities
if you think about it kind of dark
because it's really saying that he
wishes he didn't have Timmy so he could
have money to spend on whatever it's a
pretty dark show if you believe all this
stuff so this last theory actually it's
the only one that isn't from a TV show
but it's from a movie but I just want to
include it because there are so many
theories about this movie but I've never
seen somebody cover this one and I just
thought it's really interesting but the
movie I'm gonna talk about is Aladdin
but just as a brief explanation Aladdin
is about this guy who has no money and
has to steal just to live and get by and
get enough food to eat and he comes
across this magic lamp which has a genie
in it and he wishes to be made into a
prince which kind of works and then
doesn't and then of course the movie
uses his other two wishes and the last
one is that genie gets set free which is
adorable and a really happy thing and he
ends up marrying the princess and
everything's great
the theory is that
the second he wished to be made into a
prince
everything that happens thereafter was
because the genie knew how it would
unfold Jafar's plots and using the lamp
and turning to a Cheney every conflict
was foreseen by the genie with the end
goal of turning Aladdin into a prince
the beginning of the movie he wishes to
remain - a prince after the Sultan gets
led out of his weird torture he is so
overwhelmed and so thankful to Aladdin
for beating Jafar that he changes the
law of the country that allows
princesses to marry people who aren't
princes and therefore Aladdin becomes a
prince and you know this isn't too too
crazy because the lion has made little
references suggest that he might be able
to see into the future
he specifically says that Aladdin will
not find another girl like Jasmine in a
million years that he knows he's checked
that can mean he's looked behind him in
the past or it could mean that he's seen
in the future who knows he's a genie
they're capable of some crazy things so
I don't know I never really connected
the dots between him making the wish to
be made a prince and then becoming a
prince being that wish obviously the
movie tries to make it look like that
first wish just failed because all of
his stuff gets shut down but it was
enough to at least get Jasmine's
acknowledgment as a prince and to let
him start talking and to open up that
dialogue that he probably wouldn't have
had otherwise
so I'm really just taking it at face
value but I a hundred percent want to
believe that that there is true I think
that is such a cool theory anyways that
was the video I've never done a
conspiracy theory video but God I love
eerie and creepy stuff or just stuff
that makes you think so really if you
guys enjoyed this video let me know in
the comments and give this video a
thumbs up that would be so rad also if
this is your first time watching my
videos or seeing my channel make sure
you subscribe to me and click that
little notification button to never miss
an
I'm posting two a week baby with all
that being said I'm gonna go but I hope
that you enjoyed this video and I'll see
y'all next time
