this video was sponsored by better help
more and better help in a little bit
I've said this before and I'll say it
again ah suits are incredibly insecure
which can lead to us doing some really
dumb things
maybe it's competing intensely for
things that don't matter or being Petty
and leading girls on just for attention
in any case our insecurities while for
us is a huge weakness for some can be a
strength if you know how to use it
whether you are trying to lock down some
flirty dude into being your boyfriend or
you're just trying to get revenge on
your ex jealousy is an emotion that we
can connect with pretty easily if you
know how to get it started I'm no angel
okay whatever your motives are I'm not
here to judge if you're watching this
video you know what you're getting
yourself into so let's talk about some
easy things girls can do to make my
fellow dudes beg for your attention so
this first one is a little one but it's
probably the easiest to start doing and
it's a good way to start setting up him
looking for more attention from you and
it's simple you just be less available
if he calls you sometimes every once in
a while
ignore the call text them back later or
if the two of you text a lot take longer
to reply or help sometimes don't even
reply if picking up the phone on the
first ring or texting back like
immediately comes off as way too eager
this is gonna have the exact opposite
effect it's just a good way to get him
to start wondering you know what's got
this girl so busy she can't even reply
maybe she's with another guy really the
more he thinks about it the more he's
gonna get jealous so this is a good
place to start
number two is probably the easiest way
to make him jealous but the hardest one
to pull off hands down
you have to just live your best life and
genuinely be happy
any guy who sees a girl laughing and
smiling and having a good time it's just
immediately gonna be more into it
especially if it's an ex if you're happy
nothing they can do can outshine that
like how on earth do you make someone
jealous if they're too busy enjoying
their life the reason I say that this
one can be the hardest to pull off is
because if it is an ex and you guys just
broke up recently there's a good chance
that you're miserable I've had breakups
that just sent me into month
of depression cuz I just didn't want to
do anything at the time it felt like the
best part of my life was over granted I
now see that I was wrong but that's only
because I have a net of friends who I
can talk to about anything like I'm
really lucky these people are there for
me they will talk to my problems and
just you know let me complain for a
really long time because they're just
amazing friends but I know that not
everybody has that and that's why I'm
really happy to be working with better
help on this video if you don't know
what better help is better help is a
service that's dedicated to making
counseling easily accessible and
affordable instead of having to pay
hundreds of dollars to work with a
counselor in-person better help prices
range anywhere from 35 to 65 dollars a
week which is so much cheaper than
everything else and for that money you
will get a licensed professional who
will talk to you about anything you want
to talk about depression anxiety
relationships addictions self-esteem etc
literally anything and you can talk to
them through texts phone calls video
chats DM it's just such a accessible
platform I got the chance to try it and
it was really easy to use a really great
service and just nice to have in case I
ever need to talk to someone and you
know my friends aren't around I've done
therapy in person before and it's really
a hit-or-miss for me you know if you
spend an hour with someone and realize
that they're not really good for you you
know you got to pay for another hours
with like the next person hopefully
they're better for you and you know
better help it's not as complicated if
you don't like somebody or if you want a
different counsellor you can switch
immediately it's affordable it's a
really great cause so if you are
interested in signing up and helping
yourself as well as helping support my
channel there will be a link in the
description anyways back to the video 3
is texting other guys when he's around
first of all texting anyone when you're
with someone else it's a little rude it
happens ok sooner or later everybody's
got to do it but seeing someone
repeatedly zone out of your conversation
and look at their phone to have a
conversation with someone else it just
gets annoying quickly especially if
you're texting some other dude and you
look entertained by whatever
conversation you're having he's gonna
think who is this guy I'd probably just
immediately assume the two of you are
flirting or at least that you are
interested in that which if he has ever
sitter door already has dated you it's
gonna make him jealous
guaranteed he'll at least want to know
who the guy is is he just an old friend
maybe he's not into girls is he better
looking than me and a good sign that
this got him at least a little curious
is him asking who this dude is trying to
find out a little more about him this is
a really important part because he's
basically asking you for reassurance
that you're not flirting and so if you
were trying to make him jealous
you have to not give him it now look I
would never condone lie okay but if you
were to lie hypothetically saying
something like oh it's just this guy I
met recently would probably be one of
the better things you can say because
it's just so unspecific that he'll
probably sit around and think about it
like you just met this guy and you're
already texting non-stop that's flirting
and just like that you might be jealous
number four is if you want to go a
slightly different route because maybe
finding someone to text that much it's
just too much of a hassle and it's
similar in concept just maybe a little
more pushy and that is just talk about
another guy a lot and even if there's
not another guy just make a name up I
mean I would never condone lie so the
next time that you're with the guy that
you're trying to make jealous and he
brings up anything any sort of activity
just bring up how Justin is so good at
that thing got Justin said a joke
earlier that was so funny
Justin Justin Justin oh this just in
Justin's great I'm sorry that was
terrible the point of this all is just
in a rock I just said Justin again it's
an easier way to let this guy know that
you are getting attention from another
guy even if he's made up you don't need
this guy because tons of other guys are
paying you attention guys can be
incredibly competitive to a point that I
don't think you fully understand if
enough people tell me that a girl is
really pretty and at first maybe she
wasn't my type I would look at her again
and be like damn she's pretty I can't
explain it any better than that it is a
very dumb thing about us dudes but it is
a real thing and maybe I'm a little
insecure
anyways number five number five is
posting
pictures you just look grading here's
the great thing about girls this is just
an advantage that you will always have
over guys if you post a photo that you
look phenomenal in doesn't matter if
you're a celebrity or you know a
youtuber or you know anyone with like a
following if you look really good
somehow thirsty dudes will show up and
leave comments and guys again who aren't
youtubers who aren't celebrities in any
way they don't have that advantage they
can't do that at least not nearly as
much and in line with some of the past
tips this basically is just a good way
of letting the guy who's trying to make
jealous know that there are other guys
who are interested in you that you are a
much desired person and this example
specifically I think is a little better
than some of the past ones because you
don't even have to say anything you
don't have to show this guy it comes
down to if he looks at your Instagram he
sees it and that's on him all you did
was look good and post it and he did the
rest on his own now the one thing here
is there's no real way of telling
whether or not he actually looked at the
photo but trust me sooner or later he
will number six is actually very similar
to number two where you she's genuinely
be happy with the added point of doing
it with other dudes and if they tell a
joke and the other dudes watching don't
just giggle laugh okay maybe toned it
down a little bit from that but my point
is just be a little extra and help while
you're at it
compliment the other guys in front of
them be like damn you've been working
out i I don't really know what girls say
to flirt I'm usually on the other end of
it and my memory is not good but you
know give them a girl compliment yeah
this is a pretty obvious way to get
another dude jealous I mean you're
basically just flirting with other dudes
in front of them so nothing really needs
much more explanation and finally number
seven is one of the easiest ones to pull
off it's the most fun to do and it's
still gonna make them super jealous
girls knowing that was way too manly but
okay let's go through this you and all
of your other girl friends gear up you
know you wear dresses
lipstick or whatever the hell girls do
to get ready take a bunch of photos of
all of you looking great you drink
unless you're not legal drinking age in
which case I do not condone that and you
go to a bar or a club and just do a
bunch of like in-stream stories of all
of you having fun and dance it and this
one kind of hits on all of the after
mention points because you're just
living your best life having a blast
he's probably gonna lurk your socials
and get jealous and you might not even
be flirting with other guys that night
but if he sees you looking great and
going out and like dancing he's just
naturally gonna assume that you are
probably talking to other dudes and
dancing with other dudes one of the
things he might do here is try and text
you you know find out what's going on
see how much fun you're having and if he
does and your goal is still trying to
make him jealous
you got a reply like the next day that
way all that he can do is just sit
around and wonder what you're up to and
then you know what he can use better
help next man there's an irony here I
see it I'm acknowledging it anyways that
was the video thank you all so much for
watching I hope that you enjoyed it and
I just want to give a huge shout out
again to better help for sponsoring this
video
all jokes aside it really is a great
service that has helped a lot of people
and I think will help a lot more if
you're struggling with anything
parents depression anxiety relationships
etc please get help it's a lot cheaper
on better health than anywhere else as
far as I know and when you sign up
it also helps support my channel so I
can keep making these advice videos at
no cost to you again if you are at all
interested the link is in the
description to check out aside from that
if you did enjoy this video let me know
by giving it a big thumbs up and also
tell me in the comments what's something
that someone else has done that's made
you jealous let me know down below last
week I asked what is the best advice
you've ever been given to get a
boyfriend and so on screen right now are
my favorite comments from that video I
remember if you want to get your comment
featured on my next video just leave a
comment below today and maybe it'll be
there I want to give a huge Instagram
shout-out to igneous I said that right
for spamming every photo that I have
also I'm probably the screw-up the
pronunciation of this next name but
tesha's fee who also went all the way
throw my photos and liked all of them so
wow thank you and lastly Jennifer for
commenting on a recent pic happy belated
birthday
she specifically specified that was
bladed because she was a new fan which I
think was a little unnecessary but I'm
just thankful that you wished me that in
the first case so you know what I
appreciate you so make sure you go
follow those three and if you want a
little Instagram share at the end of my
next video make sure that you're
following me and engaging with my cons
and you know liking some stuff leaving
some comments all of it I look at and I
just pick people kind of randomly my hat
is just andrew quote they'll also be a
link down in the description below and
yeah maybe next week you'll be the
person i feature finally subscribe to me
from our videos click over here if you
want more advice that's right there's
more and with all that being said I'll
see you next time peace
