I'm not gonna believe what I just got
what's up everybody in quo here um I
just returned from Walmart I started to
notice there's some really weird at
Walmart so today I picked up ten things
and thought we would just go through
some really weird
Walmart I hollow me let me take off
my coat before we start this video make
sure that you still mash that thumbs up
button so that I know that this is the
kind of video that you want to see more
of some of these are more funny than
others some of them are just weird it's
a big assortment of stuff so bear with
me an air blown inflatable
energy-efficient LEDs okay this was next
to two other there was like a minion one
and like a spider-man one and then based
and happy birthday but this one you know
I like to have things that are
multi-purpose you know birthdays that's
just one thing this doesn't say anything
on it so you know I can do whatever I
want with it bumps most like peg it down
it's not getting the peg down there's
instructions in there but I don't need
instructions I always like getting like
the no-name brand new things because
it's always the cheapest option and
usually the most hilarious so I guess
this goes in here please don't kill me
please don't kill me please don't I did
it okay
don't just plug it in it's gonna turn on
oh she's going um I'm just gonna move
out of your way
the handspring up Wow aren't you
beautiful can wait does that does that
blow up oh there we go
it's so pretty happy birthday this was
$40 money well-spent honestly don't like
it sucked out of it your birthday is
over Timmy this is what you are to me
don't fall don't fall how can we enjoy
your separate Hey
you lived a long life I will never
forget you monkey oh he's moving on get
this out of my way
Star Wars gummies collector's edition
see I've had multiple packages that
start with gummies but these ones are
the collectors ones these ones these
ones I gotta hold on to they're gonna be
worth something one day okay do they all
have different faces on them no they'll
chip Yoda Wow Yoda up this little
stormtrooper right here mmm that's
really good actually it's just not
terrible yes do uh just to go along with
the theme here about one more Star Wars
thing to Star Wars pen okay check that
out it's got this little button right
here you're never gonna guess what that
does
Wow yeah that's a waste of money
before I show you this next thing y'all
need to notice them about me is when I
was a little kid I desperately wanted to
be a spy I thought any like spy toy was
the coolest thing and now that I'm an
adult I can actually do it the micro
agent check takumi basically what this
does is it lets you peek around corners
so I'm very excited to just spy on
people there's this button here and as I
pull it down the mirror goes up that's
kind of cool how do I see around corners
though we're gonna take this elsewhere
to a real corner and see if it actually
works
oh that actually is pretty cool that
works pretty well I should spine my
roommates that seems like a good idea
what I don't know you're talking about
it works to taste that that's the taste
of sweet success final verdict on the
tactical mirror honestly worth it
it was like five bucks do like why not
kind of creepy to own boo I know this is
something that I'm really excited to
share with you guys it is a mechanism
that fills up a hundred water balloons
in a minute and then I bought me like
expanded one because it comes with like
a sling to throw water balloons I don't
know I I'm really excited to see if this
works
I used to love water balloon fights and
if I had stuff like this like bringing a
nuclear bomb to a gunfight
it's called bunch o balloons being quite
literal each pack contains five extra
balloons to account for any defects you
know something's weird when they give
you an extra five like to make up for
defects like how many could be defected
it's like 30 balloons maybe here there's
a little thing here to fill up with
water and I guess one holes for each
balloon so I'm gonna fill out however
many balloons this is so I've got our
stack of balloons and we're at the sink
and we're just gonna fill up and see if
this works on one go basically once they
get filled up you just pull them off and
they're already pre tied so you just
yank it off the thing I'm realizing now
that it was probably made for a hose
which is a pretty dumb photo my end but
I don't have a hose but apparently
what's supposed to happen is you fill
them up and then when they're full they
just drop and like that's you know
they're done I don't know if mine are
gonna be as full as those but I am
getting some working ones so we're gonna
see how it goes okay so I got a fair
share of water balloons to fill up
properly I'm try not to like throw them
down I got a fair share of them for the
most part I'm pretty after this I can't
give it like a full criticism because
I'm not doing it right I don't have a
hose we still got a couple and we got
this tool to fling them so I say we
should test them first I just want to
test these like on a wall with my hand
and see that they blow up
hey we're next I'm gonna use tool that
it comes with and see if that like kind
of gives me a little more I shall throw
- holy - next we should do some
human testing as all experiments
eventually lead to the one you wanna I'm
gonna get a guitar
and I try one on you and see if I can
hit it oh oh that's good oh it's so fun
okay here you can take it okay okay
there we go
oh I'm wet I hurt like it's the ship you
feel the pain yeah you don't feel the
wideness okay no everything's kind of
wet myself included I ought to give
these guys pretty good review I mean I
didn't have the right equipment but it
still worked and it was a lot of fun to
throw the water balloons at my roommate
and it hurt a lot
so if you ever want inflict a lot of
pain that's your product so nice product
this is the party airhorn I don't know
what the hell an airhorn supposed to be
for but this one is supposed to be for
partying oh let's get this bad boy open
I'm ready to party
airhorn blasts very loud used for
holidays New Year's weddings sports pep
rallies Mardi Gras celebrations why do
people need to make a ridiculous amount
of noise at like a wedding or a party
also if it's not your wedding and you're
using this you are such an asshole all
right here we go how cool like this
party now ladies want to talk to this
guy check this out I know that dude um
can do a backflip but listen to this so
definitely my party recommendation I
don't know how people are cool at
parties without their trusty party
airhorn and this next product it's the
only car scent that I could ever use the
scent of grenades it's actually
technically ice storm but it looks like
a grenade it looks like a cold grenade
it's an ice screw nade oh wow it smells
like um like factories and gunpowder and
explosions everything I've ever wanted
it's like a really strong mint but it's
too strong my dad is totally gonna use
this and just like look at this
packaging your
Riven even read the back rip the bag
open and the tour begins hang it from
your rear-view mirror look at how they
emphasize those words loud and proud
this is so manly so I saw the first
despicable me I haven't seen any of the
ones after it and I know that minions
are like a thing in them but I don't
understand so if you've seen the movie
tell me how that justifies this product
being made from what I can tell is it's
a lollypop because it says it's lemon
and flavored so it's something that you
consume ray your ol lemon flavored
lollipop however I can spin it feels
like weirdly sexual I don't know what
you're trying to teach kids be like hey
sometimes sucking on something is a hard
job but with enough practice you can
suck on anything air warriors it's like
a no-name nerf gun I love the no-name
version of things because they always
find really hilarious ways to cheap out
and that is right up my alley baby it
only comes with three bullets that is
all that this guy comes with that's it
for another five bucks there was a pack
of more but I got I'm on a budget
here I'm trying to do this cheap it
shoots all three at the same time I
think great that sounds like so much fun
oh I just want it done okay let's get
some blasts it's such a knockoff and it
looks so like similar but different this
is why I love like the fake versions of
everything when I was a little kid I
used to play beyblade all the time I
would get like the knockoff beyblades
because they were cheaper they were just
so much bigger they would win all the
fights because they were bigger and
better they would just look shitty er
the gun doesn't shoot perfectly every
time it's just it's a weird no-name gun
it's five bucks five bucks I guess it's
worth it but if you pay any more than
that you've been gypped my friend so
anyways I have a little bit of a mess to
clean up let's uh let's see if we can
get a better look at it I'm a little bit
of work that needs to be done so I'm
gonna end this video here but if you
enjoyed it please so mash that thumbs up
that's gonna be a great thing for you to
do it's gonna help me out and let me
know that you want to see videos like
this and that you enjoyed this video let
me know in the comments below what was
your favorite product here and if
there's any products that you think I'm
missing that you know Walmart sells
tell me about that maybe let's take that
out make sure you subscribe to my
channel and click the bell next to the
subscribe button to be notified of the
next half I post over the laughing said
I'll see y'all next down
