what's up everybody how y'all doing
today it's a beautiful day outside
actually real shitty but it's about to
be real great because I wanna be doing
my girlfriend - voiceover for her makeup
routine and it's gonna be funny because
I don't know a single thing about makeup
so girlfriend I'd like you to meet
everybody oh hey yeah I don't I don't
have a girlfriend
no I'm all you got but that is thought
that wouldn't stop me from making the
video needs a vagina to make these
videos right well no one what one little
problem is none of us wanted to do the
makeup we both just want to make fun of
the other person with the voice-over yup
so we're gonna just both do it
but um yeah good first hell yeah hey uh
Tom's beauty routine let's go start off
with the white okay oh the brown back to
the white cool tom just mix all the
colors it actually doesn't really matter
what eyeshadow use because look it
doesn't do anything it's just a waste of
money next is eyeliner tom is of the
opinion the very unique opinion that
islands are supposed to in any way
resemble what he is doing but he's just
you know so innocent I don't wanna I
don't have the heart to break it to him
and tell him otherwise so let's just let
this happen
good good job buddy good job what's next
oh now we got mascara mascara of course
is the eyelash thing Tom actually
doesn't need it Tom's already got
luscious long eyelashes he's got the
kind of eyelashes that can just tick
leave them across the room but anyway I
think this is probably foundation and
you want to get a foundation that
doesn't at all match your skin because
it's 2017 Trump's an office and oranges
in baby but that brush that brush is
just not doing it where's the UH the
dildo looking spud there it is yeah get
that dildo looking sponge and just rub
it all over your face clearly not your
first rodeo at boy next is a what does
it highlight III honestly it looks like
the thing before and it seems to not do
anything so thanks for contributing and
now this is bronzer bronzer of course as
we all know and love is just perfect for
covering
Tom's face so let's get some more of
that shall we
blush blush is my favorite actually so
far have all these things blush my
favorite because it really is good at
getting you that cheap dirty prostitute
look that tom is just so good at slang
and you want to throw in some lipstick
on there and maybe a little bit of dull
we got some lip gloss
yeah throw some of that on there really
just finish the look looking great
looking awesome it'd be shame something
happen to you oh shit there's me
spraying in with the stuff that seals it
on your face I'm sure tom is really
eager to get this stuff off so not on my
watch baby hey don't worry you can come
back it's fine I've already sprayed you
we're done so you were just stupid Edie
suka played this game bitch let's go
start with the eye shadow yeah already
Andrews extremely he's way too excited
to be putting on this makeup also andrew
is an infant and can't apply makeup
without making it look difficult and
painful he's alright he's using one
finger to keep his eye closed as you can
tell because if he doesn't he's gonna
stab himself in the eye which he's
probably gonna do in like three seconds
anyway you look terrible by the way um
okay we're onto eyeliner yeah how much
you wanna bet he's gonna stab himself in
the eye wreck right now
watches three two one Oh a nose gonna be
here three two one boom yeah yeah of
course you did genius yeah you know what
Andrew I think you're as smart as you
look
I can just tell right now okay that is I
feel violated okay what does that don't
even remember what that is oh it's the
the eyelash stuff which he has like PTSD
now just look at him look at the fear in
his eyes stabbing himself again alright
now we're on to UM
Foundation which I don't know how to
apply foundation but I know how to not
apply it thanks to this video I know I
was using an anal plug we got from
Andrews apartment and that is now
blending in this foundation if that's
what you call it and wow he's so happy
I've never seen that Andrew this happy
and have this much fun making a video
like I'm not even kidding looking at him
like how much money he's having
you can't like you can't even make that
up a nice putting on the blush like if
you want to know what Andrew looks like
when he's having sex by the way that is
it right there as the money shot okay
this is now he's putting on lipstick no
one was gonna go anywhere near those
lips that it's gross I don't get paid
enough to do this voiceover no one's no
one's gonna call you oh god I haven't
seen what you said I'm sure it was awful
yeah it was anyways I hope you enjoyed
this video if it's any consolation we
were told by a girl how to do this
loosely well she was trying to tell us
and were like second time putting on
makeup actually we already did once on
Tom's Channel yeah we'll talk about that
in a second first smash the thumbs up
button if you enjoyed this video second
leave a comment saying who did their
makeup better can you wanna win that yes
you you screw that eyeliner writer this
is the look leave a comment letting us
know who did better and let me know if
you want us to do more of this yo
compare these types yeah diddly-doo and
yeah I was saying earlier we did video
over on Tom's channel you don't check
that out we're did each other's makeup
we just can't stop putting on me we
can't describe to me god damn and oh
yeah
