everybody how's it going Andrew here and
today I want to be doing a video there's
nothing like anybody I've ever done and
I feel like I'm saying that a lot which
is good you know I'm stepping outside my
comfort zone
most of the time youtubers are fantastic
and super nice and honestly not all
these stories are really bad some of
them are just like weird encounters but
today I'm talking about the rudest
YouTube experiences I've ever had
so to start I'm actually not going to
name this person only because they're
Canadian and I feel like there's a
chance they'll see it and I also
consider myself to be friends with them
for a while so this is like pretty shade
throwing but they're Katie Ann youtuber
who we met through a mutual friend and
after we met a couple months later I
ended up some of them up on their
channel and watching my videos and
thinking wow they actually make really
good videos and they went to some
Canadian gathering that I went to and
that was when we first really started
hanging out and when we hung out I
realized this person's got like a really
cool perspective about their job and I
enjoyed their videos so I just I guess I
found this respect for this person so
the next time there was a Toronto
gathering this person actually asked me
if they could come stay with me with
their friends and I figured why not I
mean we hung out once you and your buddy
seemed really cool yeah sure and so they
come and stay at my place for a weekend
and over the course this weekend you
know we're hanging out the entire time
so we're getting food we go shopping we
go to this YouTube gathering I consider
this friends at the end of it all I
don't have a friend that like texts
people constantly if I don't think I'm
going to see them any time soon I'll
text somebody who I'm friends with in a
different city and so I think I'm going
to be in that city soon but otherwise I
don't really keep up with them for that
reason it took me quite a long time to
realize that both he and his friend who
stayed with me out of the blue
unfollowed me months later and just
because it was both of them and not just
one I have to feel like they had a
conversation about me and my perspective
like it sucks because I didn't do
anything I considered us friends I would
understand it's like I was annoying but
I never like talk to them aside from
that honestly it is what it is I
actually still like this person's videos
but kind of salty about the first but
they just don't like me anymore okay so
the next person
weeklychris Chris Collins I actually met
him at 2013 digital where they came to
Toronto that was a clear like the
British people Zoey
alfie them and oat well that was that
was digital I wasn't a part of the event
I bought a ticket with my friend who is
also a youtuber and we go and it's a
crowd filled with girls and we're
honestly our objective here is kind of
to like find a way to get backstage and
I don't know meet the people who are on
digital and so we go in and I have a
bright idea to get us backstage and
basically what I do is we work our way
close to the front of the crowd and we
start talking to these girls and this is
actually kind of like a weird moment but
I realized I wanted to ask these girls
to pretend to freak out over us so we go
backstage so I didn't know how to do it
and so I looked at my wallet just like
maybe I could like pay these girls a
small amount and I got like a five
dollar bill so I probably went about
this the worst possible way but I tap a
one-girl shoulder I was like hey how
would you girls like to make some money
I have to do stop stop myself it was
like wait let me rephrase that I
explained to them what I want where
basically hey I'm looking to get
backstage and I was hoping when the
music dies down y'all could just pretend
you knew who we were and we would get
backstage and over the course of me
explaining this more and more head start
to turn until there's like a good 10 15
girls listening in and right when I'm
doing explaining it whoever's on stage I
guess finishes their set and everything
was quiet for a second and I just look
around and say now and everybody freaks
out and we just walk through because
we're already near the front we just
walked through towards the gate and the
security guard just opens it for us
because he can assume what's going on
walk past him go to the guy blocking the
door at the back and he goes I need to
see your backstage pass I tell him I
don't have one he responds you know I
can't let you backstage without a past
and I just went over my shoulder and go
I'm gonna get eaten alive if I go back
out there you can't send me back and he
looks at me and look back and you know
clearly guy's gonna knock it and paid
enough to care that much so he just
opens door
and let's listen could we just say that
was some quality acting on mind okay I
was very proud of that this has been a
moment that I bragged about in secret to
quite a number of people so when going
backstage and hanging out with you know
all the people there and the two people
in particular who were the nicest and
most down to hang out with us was
weeklychris
and his sister so by the end of the
night everyone's going to get back on
their tour bus except for weeklychris
disaster because they were guests there
they weren't officially on the tour so
my buddy and I just asked hey he has one
you'll get some poutine and they're down
so we go routine and it was really cool
we ended up exchanging numbers and
didn't really talk much after that but
the only other time that I talked to
Chris and this is this is where it gets
salty is playlist tri-state years later
where we were both at the same party for
most of the night and then I go up to
talk to Andrea Russett because I think
she's a total babe and her and I are
talking and very early on in the
conversation but I'm like you over here
trying to flirt and Chris comes up and
goes yo Andrew what's up how you do it
been years since I've seen you what's
going on and I'm over here like this is
the time you choose to come up and talk
to me
I've been sitting over there all night
and now so he's so invest in this
conversation that while I'm responding
to him I'm talking to him and Andrew
ends up talking to somebody else and
then like walks away so Chris meant to
blew it for me okay so this excellent
this is one of the juiciest ones I got
this is another person I'm not going to
name because it's like an honestly
pretty good shot that she'll see it I
was friends with a bunch of guys who
were in this collab Channel and she was
in her own collab channel and we were
all hanging out at a VidCon one of these
years not sure which one probably 20 14
or 13 I was hanging out with my friends
she was hanging out with her friends our
friends were friends so we were all in
one big group and she was honestly she's
really pretty and I've seen her collab
channel before so I kind of knew who she
was but she knew who I was which is
it's not about that I just want to hang
out with good people and have a good
time I was there to see my friends so
we're all hanging out and I keep getting
this kind of vibe that she doesn't want
to talk to me and I mean I just can't
help but like feel it when people don't
know who you are that they're thinking
like oh like you must not be popular so
I don't care that was the vibe that I
got from her and that kind of just got
proved later on in the night when we've
been hanging up for a few hours and
someone was like oh my god like let's
all follow each other on Twitter and so
everybody follows everybody and you know
just a few days later I go to Twitter
and notice that she and one of her
friends unfollowed me some of the people
in her cocktail didn't and they were
like they actually talked to me later
and we're like super super cool so I'm
not throwing shade at all of them but
just uh she herself was one of those
people that unfollowed and I don't care
I got the vibes in the beginning that we
weren't going to be friends and like
threads and I it's not like I was trying
to hang out with or anything I just you
know hung loads of people those friends
with and the people who were nice and so
years have gone by since then - 2016
playlist when I finally see her again
actually she saw me because we were at
the same party in the hotel room and I
was walking from one side of the room to
the other just getting a drink and then
walking away and I wasn't going I hear
Andrew oh my god and obviously two years
go by
times have changed I don't know if it's
because you know my numbers have gotten
bigger or what but suddenly this girl is
my best friend she comes up you're like
Andrew oh my god do you remember when we
hung out like right at VidCon forever
ago that was so much fun
oh my god you still talk to this person
this person and me completely realizing
what's going on and actually didn't like
talk to me at all previously I just look
over and go uh yeah that was fun
mm-hmm I still I still sing it with them
and I realize that she's actually there
with a mutual friend of both of ours and
I go from being like yeah uh-huh
to turning and be like yo what up dude
how's it going
and just being really buddy-buddy that
was probably the shadiest I've ever been
in my life but you know what you can't
you can't play both sides you can't
dislike someone to be rude when they're
not popular and suddenly be nice to them
one day because I don't know they seem
more popular now and that was very much
the vibe that I got from her and I hate
that I hate with people that
disingenuous I find that's a very like
la thing let's say everyone in lies like
that but there's a lot of people who
just you know want a social climb and
not to say I'm even like a valuable
person in social times because I'm not
very popular at all but I don't know I
can't think of any other reason lastly
uh this is one that is straight drama
but I'm also not actually at all upset
about it
Jax films Jack Douglas I think he's one
of if not be funniest people on YouTube
and I had met him through some mutual
friends and at parties and he was always
super nice nothing bad to say there and
he also like we follow each other on
Twitter and yep no disrespect to any of
that however as I'm sure most of you
know my channel grew because I was doing
these relationship videos and I got to
see it's the first half of me doing
these videos really cringey in the
second half for me kind of making jokes
about myself but in the first step I was
a dead serious giving relationship
advice and in between these videos I put
out a video on feminism I'm of the
opinion that Jack salat and Perry did it
because one week later he put out a
video parroting basically like YouTube
fuck boys trying to be relatable in
talking about feminism and that like a
hundred percent I understand why he
would watch my video and have thought
that was me
and so I have a very strong suspicion
because house shortly after my video has
went up that it was about me and that's
the case I am in no way offended at all
to get parodied or joked about by like
somebody who I really respect that's
like nothing but a compliment to me you
know whether making Grinchy videos
absolutely was that video cringy
probably I don't remember it but yeah
probably
so in no way Saudi diet please Jack make
fun of me more that's all I want but
yeah that's that's the T anyways I hope
that this was a juicy enough video for
you if you enjoyed it please give it a
thumbs up I need videos weekly so you
can subscribe to me why not do that you
can follow me on Instagram it's a my
name a Jew quote the link will also be
in description you should check that out
and yeah without that being said I'll
see you later
