Evis up everybody Andrew here and
Valentine's Day is coming up a day that
some is an awesome beautiful day to look
forward to but if you're single like me
it's usually not today that we're
counting down to just kind of a reminder
of just how single we really are but
being in a relationship it's really not
all typed up to be in fact I know quite
a number of people who once they're in a
relationship they change and not a good
way when you're in love it affects your
brain psychologically and it convinces
you that some things are a good idea to
do when they're not so today I thought
it'd be a good idea from one single
person to possibly another one to
reflect on some cringy couples and hey
if you're not singing off your no
relationship good for you you have
somebody whatever let's look at some
crazy couples okay
like we get it you're on vacation thanks
for letting everyone know in the most
douchey way like look we can also do
optical ooh not only am I in love but I
can do optical illusions as well
whatever happened to just going on
vacation and taking like a regular
picture together
you have to to try and trick the mind as
well I feel like Loki this is his way of
letting his L&L he's got a bit of
Tinkerbell fetish you know why else
would you feel compelled to put your
girlfriend in the palm of your hand see
this is a much better couple fought out
I'm glad I'm glad we decided to go all
blue and denim out of a good decision
it's great because blue wearing all blue
it just represents you know how we must
feel right now depress horribly horribly
depressed oh and of course my most
favorite popular couples costume the
bonnie and hunter duo what a what a what
a great idea that was it's a classic
really like how how do you not know the
bunny and under classic couples photo
how do you even come up with that well
you like to have seen that at the store
I'm mailing honey this is gonna be so
cute this is the wood this is the one
right here all of our friends you know
love it like they'll take says I love
you more than I want to hunt you skin
you and wear your fur as a coat our cut
off your foot and use as a lucky charm
drinking for two and three months sober
okay honestly if I was having a kid I
would be just like him the day she got
pregnant he must have just been like
that's it I'm taking up
Paul ISM can you just see the regret in
her eyes you thought you were getting a
caring respecting loving father to your
child wrong like I mean I already said I
would do what he's doing but that by no
means makes it right I am NOT the
pinnacle of a good person and then of
course there's the couple that was just
so hot and bothered
so just turned on so freaking ready to
get it on that they have to stop and
just vandalize that curb also if you can
see it the person of the bottoms got
like their arm like up underneath the
leg of the person on top all right are
you doing what I think you're doing are
you trying to get some like through the
pants hand jibber action is that what
this is look at where you are you were
outside clearly someone took a photo of
you there are people around like just
have a little bit of respect
for the rest of the world I think I
think that the rule should be for PDA is
like kissing is okay everything else do
that at home all right I take it back
kissing we should not that should not be
in public well at least okay new rule
you gotta keep your tongue in your mouth
that's not that's not unrealistic I mean
you can just already tell this train is
packed it's like they're trying to make
it everyone else's problem see see this
is guys what I'm talking about some
people when they're in a relationship
they just lose all sense of decency and
do they think that stuff like this is a
good idea at least call a cab so then if
one person has to feel super
uncomfortable being stuck in a small
space with you and not like 50 I use the
public transit in Toronto constantly
that could have been me that so easily
could have been me all right matching
couples have officially gone too far
this is exactly the type of costume that
I have nightmares about like I can see
myself waking up in the middle of the
night with these two standing over me
with knives ready to murder me
just just look at their cold dead eyes
and tell me that you're the least bit
uncomfortable how do you even decide
that's the costume that you want to have
it's like not even a thing it's not even
a specific costume you're not the mayor
of Lego town you're not Lego Batman
you're just Lego guy it's like saying
I'm gonna dress up as a Sims
character look you're just being a
person this is a bad idea
all these photos so far here's the worst
idea because this is something that's
permanently on your skin the only way to
show that tattoo to a friend or to a
family member or just to see it in a
mirror is he got to both take your tops
off and pose like in that exact way they
have to know that that was not a good
idea but I think this was was a game of
chicken I feel like that's exactly what
happened to this couple they were like
we should do this okay sure and they
just like they wanted the other person
to chicken out because they didn't want
to look like they loves the other one
like any less and you know they wound up
with an awful tattoo so just never
suggests ideals like this stick up for
yourself a little more there's a cute
little prom photo isn't it I get that
it's supposed to be a joke but like is
it is it really I mean first of all
here's just a fact is people joke about
their insecurities that is what people
do whenever I make a joke it's about
something that I'm crippling ly ashamed
of but it's like so deep down you know
so suppressed that I'm covering it up
with humor and people be like Oh Andrew
doesn't care about that we can keep
joking about it
all right buddy jokes guess and I think
this dad's a little insecure if this was
a joke you don't think he ran out to buy
that gun before the photo right probably
already I'd that probably add the
hundred-year too right probably the
camel hat and the jacket he looks pretty
comfortable in this clothes I'm willing
to bet he's definitely that type of dad
ask yourself if you were that guy would
you really feel comfortable going out
with that girl ever again I know I
wouldn't depends how far you want to go
to get some you know ladies fellas this
is what you were missing out on being
single this is what you could have if
you were in a relationship you could
just be hooking up in a tanning booth
one day completely oblivious to the fact
that you are turning full-on oompa
loompa you could just be you know
covered in sparkles and glitter and have
your eyes very very photoshopped isn't
that like the epitome of couple goals I
don't know what you guys call it if you
speak other languages but you're in
English that's love that's love baby
okay never mind this is couple goals
she's on a leash she's pretending to be
a dog I mean I've heard of roleplay I've
heard of my fair share
student-teacher cop and criminal Ash and
Misty you know why not let's get weird
let's ruin our childhood characters but
a dog and its owner that is that really
thing that is some freaky shit all those
other role-playing things that I just
said they have to come from like real
turn-on you know it would be so hot to
do it with my teacher these things have
to come from real thing so the question
is do these people look at dogs and
think oh that that is one hot dog right
there could we just like a look at the
security guard to like what a crazy day
on the job for him I wish I wish we had
another shot just to see what his face
was like right in that moment because no
one is ever hated their job more then
this guy right now yeah yes he has to
tell a fully grown lady please just stop
pretending to be a dog just go home and
lastly my favorite photo nothing bad to
say on this this one just makes me wish
I had someone you know just make me wish
that I could be as in love as these two
must be ladies you want a dude dolly
hold doors open you want chivalry
someone to like throw a rock at your
window and play music and singing to
sleep listen that's all bullshit that's
not real people don't do that this this
is real true romance ladies it doesn't
get any better than that yeah so anyways
that was that was the video today I hope
that you enjoyed it
who cares about Valentine's Day it's a
dumb holiday even if I was in a
relationship I would dread the day to be
honest because it's like shit I have to
do something why is it what I do every
day enough you know though hopefully you
guys have this funny whether or not you
do agree or whether or not you enjoyed
this video just let me know in the
comments below looking forward to
reading that give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it that would be cool
also follow me on Instagram I post
basically daily on there so you're
really missing out not following me
links in the description my hats just my
name Andrew quo and yeah subscribe to me
if you're not already making new videos
every week and I'll see y'all
