we're here at holy trucks we ordered our
boy Gras under Iran announcing that Ryan
routine its $36 poutine arena Steven
works at reddit and ears oh my god
what's up everybody today is a really
good day because I'm joined by Tom hey
Tom's from Philly and he's not used to
Canadian stuff this is the second time
here the last time it didn't count I was
here for like two seconds you're here
for two second all we did was play
pokemon girl and you did try poutine yes
that was well yeah I did a booty if you
liked it I thought it was freakin
awesome actually
good yeah so there's this challenge
that's been going around the internet
really chance he only good thing it's
where people take a cheap version of a
product an expensive version of product
and compare it challenge it's a
challenge since you're here in Toronto
since you're here in Canada yeah since
you've only really had one poutine yeah
let's find out really what's out there
and you know I'm used to poutine but I
really only go to like one or two places
for it so I'm curious to see how big the
difference is between cheap poutine and
expensive poutine so first up let's go
let's do it
$4 for the poutine
two quick things comes right out okay so
we're here with talents we look up
routines and so on your first thought
just opening it we think it's awesome I
feel like this one the $40 what does
that say about you as a person liking
the cheap stuff I'm a cheap dirty little
potato so routine you try it yes before
we do give this video a thumbs up you
guys smash that thumbs up button if we
don't get at least like two thousand
likes on this video then this probably
shouldn't make us really sick cuz I mean
it's not very healthy here's video eat
you more pickings after this we need
some luck 2,000 likes let's go okay
let's do this - what oh my god that hits
the spot so much I'm worried for the
other proteins now for dollars I think
this is gonna be better
hmm you know that the packages are like
like for McDonald's it's like free
gourmet yeah I'm done I was very hungry
like legit this is probably like better
than any other hangover food that I've
ever had Nicole it's so good
yeah it's like kind of a tradition for
at least my friends and I to go to bars
or whatever when we do and then in the
night get a poutine like get a big
poutine so you don't even finish it and
then leave it in the fridge and then
have like you know much worse poutine
there so final critique Tom what do you
think where you get that out of 10 I'll
give it eight and a half poutines you
know I think it's good I'm gonna give it
a I'm gonna give it an eight an eight
yeah solid a it's a it's an a okay my
parents would be proud of me if that was
great I got it was my parents I think I
was forging a report card never go to
the next routine place and this is kind
of a local very popular place fxl Rock
Canada now the Feld smokes protein reads
so let's go there
ah okay so it was too loud smoke so we
decided we're just gonna bring
everything back here but we got our
proteins also side note that McDonald
poutine it was good didn't fill me up
though
what poutine did you get I got um the oh
yeah it was the bacon chicken ranch it
basically has everything at a regular
poutine ass they accept bacon and
chicken and ranch dressing yeah
so the difference is for those of you
who don't know poutine is always just
the three things you know fries cheese
curds and gravy but smoke poutine rate
is known for having this whole menu of a
ton of different flavors of poutine and
I've been there many times so I got my
favorite which was chicken Inferno so I
think it's roasted red peppers and
jalapenos and sriracha and chicken and
the other thing is that when we Connells
cost $4 this cost $8.99 so it was nine
dollars for these poutines
so they're double the price basically as
if they're double the goodness they're
definitely way more filling there's way
more food in front yes okay we're sure
in Idaho mean to be fair we are
partially paying for the larger portion
okay - mmm
paint Elian greens are fresh - you know
oh man that's good and spicy though I
can taste and it's higher quality like I
can taste there's a difference
yeah the fries are not the same as the
McDonald's fries not at all that's the
biggest difference
I like the McDonald's more the quality
of the fries and the gravy and the
cheese it feels a lot less processed I
have like whole jalapeno slices like
they look like juicy the red pepper like
it's fresh it tastes good the chickens
good I'd say took out all those
ingredients and it was just it was just
the regular protein
yeah what do you think you would like
more bite for bite probably let me
Donald one yeah only because the fries
are like McDonald's fries yeah I think
what I learned today is that the fry
might be the most important part so if I
was starving
this would fill me up and satisfy me way
more I agree let me comment would I
agree so how do Ted what do you say I
would give this 7.75 poutines out of 10
that's almost an eighth my parents
almost respect this all the special
place in my heart smokes it's like thank
you
many times this is my second time ever
here yeah I would probably give this 8.5
poutines out of 10 poutine okay
freshness flavor filling this this has
it all and also like just as a company
like they had a whole menu of flavor so
if you don't like this you wanted to and
you really want to give it a shot you
could go back and order you know nine
different flavors that are totally
different and right there's one that's
like speaks to you right we are
currently on our way to the last place
gabardine we had to sit down for a
couple hours really think over our life
decision but one our way to a place
called holy chucks so see you over there
we get the draw routine so they said
that we have to eat it see them we can't
take it to go really I think it was like
liver or like truffle I I didn't fully
hear it like melts really quickly so
like the most enjoy it we have eaten
right here oh wow okay
okay so we're here in holy trucks we
ordered our boy drama I don't even own
Hanson that Ryan routine
it's $36 routine on top is a truffle I
don't even know what troubles were we
were talking with that looks I mean Tom
thought is related to chocolate I didn't
okay
I knew it wasn't chocolate but it was
like something else it's like a fungi I
guess but it's considered a huge
delicacy and that's why I cost so much
so $36 we're gonna feed with WordPad you
ready I'm good oh my god we googled it
tastes earthy and I think
but everything to get it now and that
really good we were talking about this
earlier about how we almost kind of
dreaded go into a third routine place
that's always eaten today
yeah and the second one was very heavy
and we just kind of felt like all right
had my fill of poutine yeah but this is
very refreshing ly good even just like
is the truffle melt into the gravy so
the whole thing has that earthy taste
without it just being the truffle so
final verdict what do you think bangin
because actually what would you rate
that in a temple I gotta give it a 10
that's a that's a solid 10 that's a
perfect poutine had no proteins to be
that good
boyo give it a 9 answer yeah it was very
very very salty okay so we just made it
back and I think now it's probably a
good time to do a final recap of all the
poutines and see how they compare yeah
cuz I think like when we're eating it
like in the moment especially me was
like the McDonald's one in the beginning
I was like so emotional just because I
was like first I'm having poutine in
like a very long time also we were
hungry as hell that's like another bias
that was like really bad come went
straight from that one to the next
poutine that was so bad we were starving
for the McDonald's one we were stuffed
for the second one we had no interest in
there and we're hunger again for the
third one yeah
and so but also like we had two other
things of poutine that day yeah so we're
also kind of sick of it yeah but like I
feel like we've got enough time now kind
of like to take a step back and just
evaluate all of it yeah I gave
McDonald's like at least an 8 be given
8.5 yeah that is not accurate it was
still bagging yeah don't get me wrong I
that is not the last time I'm gonna get
that okay
but I would have to say I would have to
say the second poutine is better mm-hmm
just by sheer quality the amount that
you're getting mmm I don't know if just
overall I think it was just better I
just wasn't hungry at all and it wasn't
in the mood for it the third one was
just so gourmet it was like so over the
table was even used to it mm-hmm
so I probably give the last one ten
poutines out of ten poutine
I'll give the second one nine out of
nine poutines and the McDonald's one
eight out of ten boo twenty nine out of
nine so eight nine ten eight nine ten
god I feel it the first in the third one
they were snacks they remember they were
not heavy smokes is a very heavy meal
but it would fill you up on its own and
that's likewise a restaurant for just
poutine the McDonald's want it was
delicious
it just wasn't that filling in for bucks
I think that's a steal if you just want
a taste poutine McDonald's is a
perfectly good poutine for four bucks my
final rating I'm gonna give McDonald's
seven out of ten in terms of like
everything right so that's just a little
lower because it's not as filling okay
I'm gonna give smokes 7.5 poutines
out of 10 15 okay it's just very it's a
very frightful
yeah yeah yeah anyone just fries just
for me is like that's a lot and the last
one I'm sticking to my ten out of ten
but yeah I was a poutine experience I
will never get back yeah yeah yeah I I'm
super glad that I did it and I'll
definitely get it again one day I'd no
idea what a truffle was but I don't know
when you walk away from me you're like
hey now I have like a story to tell
you're not gonna tell the story about
the time you ate a poutine at McDonald's
before no good story can I go now that
was if you enjoyed this video please
give it a thumbs up we didn't get sick
actually all we've done is eat proteins
all day so I think the overdue we get a
salad because the video a thumbs up just
that we don't throw up because still
possible
also check out Tom and give him a
subscribe
that'll be all in description below and
subscribe to me if you haven't already
subscribed to me I make new videos
weekly sometimes more than that humans
last you and there's no I mean said see
you next time
