hi I'm Andrew and new years has always
meant a lot to me I'm a big believer in
the whole new year new me thing and I
always saw new use as a chance to forget
about all the bad stuff that happened
the previous year and build upon all the
good stuff so what better way to end
your positively than with a bang and
what better way to start a brand new
year then with a night filled with tons
of memories and experiences that I'll
remember forever so for these reasons I
decided that this year I was gonna plan
a crazy New Year's Eve night and record
what I do and what I spend because my
friends and I we're not millionaires but
for one night we can damn sure pretend
to be so the day before New Year's Eve
is when the expenses really started my
friends and I all agreed we wanted to
dress up for new years which left me
with the problem of not having the
clothes I needed mainly rest pants and a
nice dress shirt but systems after
Christmas tons of places had sales on
other stocks so we shopped around a
little bit and i found what i needed
both pieces i got on clearance but it
actually costs an extra 15 bucks to get
the pants tailored to fit perfectly and
so all of that together was just under
150 bucks so that plus my own cufflinks
tie jacket and shoes I was good to go
the next thing on my list was our
alcohol so I went to the local lcbo
which is the liquor store people go to
in Ontario to shop around for champagne
and that was the first time I'd ever
done that I discovered that bottles
range anywhere from 60 to 120 bucks
which is way more that I've ever spent
on a bottle of anything but you know
this is New Year's I wanted to be a neck
that I remembered so much so then we
walked past the glass doors containing
all of the liquor stores most expensive
stuff bottle of Dom Perignon come I I
that I can see that right I don't know
if you don't know what that is is a 230
dollar bottle of champagne I never spent
anywhere close that much on anything but
if I wanna have a night they'll never
forget I got do things I would never do
so I got it so the Dom Perignon and two
bottles of the cheaper champagne and you
know what just cuz we're in Toronto why
not get a bit of Drake's whiskey so we
got a bottle of Virginia black as well
the total of all of that four hundred
dollars that plus the clothes I bought
over there put our total to 500
oh my pocket starting to hurt the day of
New Year's Eve finally arrived and with
it meant getting to the condo we were
staying in for the night and picking up
the keys we had a place in central
downtown 15 stories up with a beautiful
view of the city the place itself was
massive with huge windows and really
nice countertops and it was everything
that I would have in dream condo
unfortunately for us prices skyrocket on
New Year's Eve for places like this so
the damage was probably our biggest
expense of the night eight hundred and
twenty dollars whoo this is gonna suck
so that plus the 550 from before and we
were up to thirteen seventy okay well uh
I'm up packing my own lunches for the
next little while the last main expense
was tickets for the event we were going
to as a bar called the Madison and early
bird tickets cost 10 bucks each so if
one ticket costs ten dollars and I was
in a group of 15 15 tickets cost a
hundred and fifty dollars bringing the
total value of the night to 15 20 so I'm
starting to run out of ways to let you
know that this expense is going to be
something on be feeling for a while but
um I will so so eight o'clock comes
around and people finally start showing
out we pop the first bottle of champagne
while we wait for more people to show up
and then over the course of the night we
pop the second bottle the Virginia black
and then finally and with the toast the
domperidone and for the record it was
way better than the cheaper stuff
probably won't buy it again soon but it
was the most amazing thing that I had
ever drank and with that we were ready
to head over to the bar at this point I
mean we had spent so much already that a
little extra for a nicer uber wasn't
even an amount that we would notice so
to back SUVs later and we arrived having
paid eighty dollars for them both and
just to throw down on top of everything
else we're sitting on sixteen hundred
dollars so I pull up to the bar and this
is the point at which our night really
begins because I do social media I
reached out to the bar we're going to
ahead of time and worked out a way to
get a line bypass which is not something
that they sell so that just made the
whole experience that much cooler so we
walked right in and made our way through
the bar it's a New Year's Eve event
a popular bar so needless to say it was
packed so we danced make some new
friends we get a few drinks probably an
extra with thirty dollars on top of
everything else and as I count down here
I made sure I had as many my friends
with me as I could find and we yelled at
the top of our lungs together bringing
in the new year first of the night went
exactly how you'd expect we kept dancing
we kept making new friends and we had a
few more drinks until it hit about 2
a.m. then we headed back to her condo to
end the night and having been planning
this whole event for the last two weeks
it's funny how it took me until now to
fully realize something between the
alcohol the clothes I needed the condo
we rented the ticket prices for the
event and the ubers and the drinks we
got there we spend about 1,700 bucks but
that's not what the night was about I
mean money is a nice thing to have but I
would have had a good night even without
all the luxuries we splurged on cuz
truth is that's been every other New
Year's Eve I've ever had to me this was
about starting 2017 in the best way with
the best people experiences are worth
way more than any materialistic things
sometimes those things just help to
enhance an experienced a little because
in the end all we really have left is
our memories and I just wanna be able to
look back and know that I enjoyed every
second of it thank you for watching this
video I really hope that you enjoyed it
if this is your first time watching me
you should definitely consider
subscribing because I make videos every
week and if you think that this one was
crazy you're just gonna have to wait and
see what comes next also if you want to
check out the behind the scenes for this
video that'll be right there and in the
description below it's funny because
this whole night did not go quite as
smoothly as we made it look here so um
check that out also down here is my last
video in which I'm also planning an
event only it's a bit of a smaller scale
but I make some bad decisions in it so
go watch that and yeah I guess with all
that being said see you guys next time
peace
