what's up everybody good morning it's
not morning it's actually like two
o'clock but this is a this is the time I
get up recently
honestly I slept horribly last night it
was just one of those nights where like
you just can't sleep and need to stay up
like thinking and it was just it was not
a great time but I have some good news
in my first vlog that I ever did I was
complaining about how we don't have my
license and it's been a while since my
last like really walking around showing
my day vlog but update
I took my driving test last week and I
passed so you're looking at a certified
driver whatever is not a big deal and
now I want to start planning a road trip
with what car I don't know but with a 1
so I'm downtown Toronto right now if you
guys couldn't tell
and the reason I'm here is because
Joey's in town he was doing something
earlier and then he's free so gonna be
meeting up shortly and yeah I don't know
we're gonna do but come alone so I met
up with Joey after 4 hours he starts ok
you know what there's been a while we
were having a pro talk looking down to
so we've just been chillin now we're
gonna here have an uber because my
roommate is getting a tattoo and I think
that's super cool he's never had a
tattoo we're gonna get something we're
gonna getting to do what party you just
need want to get that dude
fellas you knew that big reveal let's go
back do oh yeah I missed it I haven't we
got here too late why do you want this
new picture yes here we go that's better
oh wow look at how red it is but yeah
that one's a little bare to see is a lot
less red did it hurt like this one
actually learn more because like my
tendons in the herbs are right here yeah
and where they're coloring that in alike
really digging in there yeah that would
that would hurt a little more this is
more like you know consistent nothing
too painful true oh there we are names
that came to the fore
so at Walmart right now we took an uber
here because I want to do something
later that involves potentially getting
a piercing and so I need a hollow needle
for like a piercing needle and I thought
maybe Walmart would have it a Google
piercing needle and Walmart came up but
they do not have it so we're really just
walking around Joe he's in the bathroom
right now I don't know what he'd get one
I was downtown earlier I'm kind of beat
myself up for not going to like eclairs
or something there which would
definitely have had it so I don't know
so I ended up ordering the piercing
needle that I need for a video on Amazon
so that's gonna come in a couple days so
the video that I was planning on
shooting I'm gonna put that off and
hopefully they'll be my next upload or
the one after that but in the meanwhile
there's something that I want to talk
about I was going over the footage that
I filmed earlier and I kind of talked
about it twice one is I said I had a
really bad night and two is that I said
like Joey and I had this really long
talk and it's all kind of about the same
thing and I just wanna I just want to
talk about it I just want to open up a
dialogue because the number one thing
that people say they like about me
making vlogs instead of doing
relationship advice is that it's more me
and there's a side of me that I try not
to show and the only reason for that is
because I don't want to look like I'm
unhappy and it's because I like to think
I'm an optimist and most the time I
think I am happy even when I'm not
feeling good I tell myself I'm still
like an optimist even when you know I'm
just not feeling like one at the time
and the reason I'm talking about this is
because these last few weeks maybe a
month maybe a month and a half I've had
a lot of anxiety I've just felt really
not good about myself about the way
things are going I've been very stressed
out
and it's just it got to a boiling point
I guess where I really realized I'm not
who I was you know a month ago a month
and a half ago and I want to go back to
that obviously it probably has something
to do with you know the seasons changing
there being less time in the day one
thing that I noticed for me is really
big is if I stop working out like
running going in the gym it's really
easy for me to kind of feel lazy all the
time and get kind of depressed only
because you know my body isn't active
and I'm not happy with how I look and
that's been a big part of it is I just
haven't been going in the gym and
another thing is you know just with
YouTube it's really easy to get caught
up in numbers September was the best
month I've ever had and I crossed two
hundred thousand subscribers and now I'm
at like 230 which is insane it made me
so happy but switching from relationship
advice to this other content you know
vlogs it's just it's gonna take a while
for my channel to work with this and I
knew that going into it and I still want
to do it because I just wasn't happy
doing relationship advice however I knew
how to do it I knew how to sit down and
knew how to talk to a camera I knew how
to I had the format down if that makes
sense and videos like that but with
vlogs I feel like I still need practice
and I just need to make videos I just do
but you know this anxiety of is it good
enough for people gonna like it it just
got to a boiling point I've never really
wanted to share anxiety stuff but you
know that's where I am and I want to put
it out there but I didn't want to just
say that I'm having issues and like not
not take a step forward because I didn't
even realize I was having anxiety and
for me that's what happens a lot I don't
even I don't even notice that it's
happening until things get really bad
but the second I notice it's just a
matter of making a change
and starting from today I want to make a
change in my life I'm gonna start
working out again I'm gonna stop looking
at numbers I'm just gonna focus on two
of the things that mean the most to me
in the world which is my own happiness
which they're largely comes from working
out and going on runs and stuff like
that just liking how I look like a how I
feel and making videos which you know is
my job but I also love vlogging but I
just need to go out and do things my
goal right now is to just make tons of
videos I hope that you guys enjoy these
I'm gonna start experimenting with
different ways to do them it's just
having this revelation there already
makes me feel better and I'm excited you
know especially when I put it out there
into the world like it's it's gonna
motivate me to make a change
and if you've ever gone through anxiety
or depression or anything like that just
know that the only thing that you can
really control is your own mentality
because you can just get up and decide
that you're gonna do something and I'm a
hundred percent of believer in that and
I want to be happy and I'm gonna make
myself happy but and I hope that if
you're having issues you can work
towards making yourself happy as well
and please if you guys have ever gone
through anything like this
leave a comment and tell me about it I
may not respond to every comment but I
read every single one and I really care
about you guys I feel like we're a big
family and we go through this stuff
together
anyways that seems like a good note to
end on what's up so I'm with my roommate
Juan and Luke's back there and we're on
our way to see dr. strange chef Smith to
get strange Luca actually just snuck up
on us where are you what's back there
this never stops yeah literally a second
ago just popped up behind us and tried
to blend in didn't work it didn't really
work now I'm here coming from a mile
away
just here's a leather jacket howling in
the wind so we just got back from
watching the movie what do you guys
think pretty damn good man it was pretty
damn good actually really good yeah one
of the movies telling and then you go to
it and no expectations but it turned out
to be really good yeah no like seriously
no complaints at all yeah I might be a
little biased more editor who I didn't
know no matter what he was paid yeah
wasn't enough Luke is probably the
biggest Marvel buff that I know him and
I are the only two people who like
really care about like Marvel stuff and
so we always go see all the movies
together nobody else cares to know have
a market besides us yeah we're keeping
them so I'm just getting ready to go bed
right now and I realized I forgot to in
this video so thank you for watching if
you want to give this video a thumbs up
that's cool and yeah I guess I'll see
you guys next time peace
