what's up everybody hi I'm with Curtis
he's with me and I'm with Andrew we're
both with each other but not that way
and we're also with blue hey blue this
is exciting the energy you know if he
could talk you be saying wow I'm so
excited he'd be like wow you know what I
love is candy corn that's probably what
he was that even though we don't let him
eat it we're not horrible I'm not a bad
pet owner anyway today I'm gonna do
something I've never done before my
channel I want to be making the biggest
piece of candy corn ever that has ever
existed that's probably not true but it
also might be I mean I don't know it's
gonna be the biggest piece of candy corn
that's ever been made in this house yes
and probably on this street and the
street hell maybe an old front of you
never know probably that yeah she's a
lot of kids enjoy let's do this so
here's all the ingredients that you're
going to need to make your candy corn we
have salt corn syrup icing sugar
granulated sugar what's that say that
some more sugar okay great more more
that food coloring butter actually
reason margarine but not on ebuddy and
skim milk powder everyone likes milk in
powder form isn't I rats delicious it's
my favorite type of powder it's not
powder aside from coke so to start you
gotta get yourself a saucepan and then
you want to add two cups of sugar
followed by Curtis what do you get we
have a cup and a third of corn syrup all
right let's go here we go
oh my god it actually so much Wow I
think maples here yeah a little bit to
think it tastes like it and see if it's
as good it's not not as good this is
what they use it like sweetened like pop
so like I wonder how much of that isn't
a can of pop I don't want no give me
neither and then lastly two-thirds of a
cup of butter Oh God okay it's very
meldi yeah and sound to gym ooh yeah
I've actually so hard to mix it gets up
there she's got like hers all right
Curtis pig but here you can like feel
the sugar sweet Wow next we gotta bring
this baby to a boil now would we do
Curtis we would now we wait how's it
gone uh pretty good I've always had a
gift in terms of stirring you've always
tell me that you got it you got to get
back in the steering game right you're
right I got it I got to get away from
all this like fine and you 27 just stick
to stirring cuz it's not even cooking
it's just not even a not even really a
marketable skill but like pro cooks they
like listen I've stirred many a pot but
nobody does it like me quite like her
toscana so what we did was uh we got a
boiling and then we threw in this
thermometer and we try to get to 245
degrees so that we can be done with it
finally
ah ok move that from heat and then we
gotta work on the other half of this so
here we have to do a five cups of
powdered sugar and I know you're like
hey Curtis I'm just like five cups
that's a lot do you mean something else
shut up 59 so not only were doing five
cups of powdered sugar but we already
did two cups of regular sugar yeah so
there's gonna be seven cups of sugar my
dad jess is going to hate me just like I
don't go to the dentist you just be
watching this and just be like come on
man seriously this is what you do meet
your payback so this is for as five cups
of powdered sugar and now we want to get
us some skim milk some powdered milk see
this is good if he ever hear like eating
for a really dry glass of milk you like
I want milk but I'm not thirsty thirsty
so I have this though instead oh this is
weird it's super weird right we were
seeing this i was a kid i think it was
skin milk people said skim milk they're
like same skin oh why hey why have you
abide why would you do that skim milk
will throw it on in their vain and do a
half teaspoon of salt I thought it said
half cup and I'm whatever didn't put
that much enough everyone salty bit of
candy corn okay so now we got our
powdered sugar mix I should have done
that you got it got it everywhere and
our regular sugar that's all heated up
and we're gonna mix it so let's go get
her nice and in there buddy okay okay
there we go hailed it Smosh bad boy in
there
who does not look good oh man do you
smell that oh shit out oh fuck all right
okay no okay oh my god hard another
thing here burning hot that's like 300
degrees oh do you recommend burning
yourself I would suggest if you can try
to avoid burning yourself it just seems
like the easier route yeah I can't
really feelin the mood yeah we're just
stirring this all together and when we
get it wow this is like a heart-stirring
you know what I'm gonna get a very cool
for this yeah got up the big boy down
look at that look at how much I can get
with that you had a lot easier all right
so check this out this lump right here
that's our candy corn it's done we need
to split up and dye it and then lay it
out but like we got a finished product
so we take a look a little bit for the
white part well the brown as much that
is yeah so what we got here is it's
called Wilton die food coloring it's not
your whip ass super weak regular food
coloring this is the heavy duty shit
this is really interesting to people who
don't know the primary colors yellow and
red now I'm gonna make some four-inch
baby whoa let's jelly
shit here some of that that's super
weird right and then read my fingers
literally are not going to be they're
not going to stop being this color ever
I've made a commitment yeah that's just
what they are now and I'm sticking to it
and now we need it's so hot okay oh it's
hot okay we're try putting on gloves
yeah can i really need like two seconds
at a time stuff is getting messy right
now in more ways than one first of all
my camera died so we've switched to my
iphone I called uber taking my apartment
because I live pretty close and it's
gonna be like 10 minutes so I figure my
nose dude my phone and keep neat and
when it gets here all quickly run but
yeah so the other way it's getting messy
is I'm about to die some freaking candy
so I got another battery and now we have
our colored pieces all that's left to do
is to put them into a triangle so we got
our visas so sound became rule
so we have our finished size for the
candy corn and now we've gotta let it
dry okay we did it time for the final
reveal the biggest piece of change for
you will ever see in your life boom look
at that look at how big guys it's freaky
it's like heavy it's yes it's like it's
some serious candy corn so the other
battery died and bring my charger
where's gonna finish this on the iphone
but it's time to finish this off with a
taste test are you ready Curtis I think
I was born ready actually well taste
like candy corns are ku seven cups of
sugar oh man oh cool blue like it's
candy it tastes like good candy corn
well that's nasty it's a big mouthful
just too much right fuck you live okay
braces skin or something okay yeah I
know what you mean grace shame ever have
my life make it and eat it I I'll be
right back okay Oh over here yeah that's
it for the video that's how you make a
gigantic candy corn let against know
that this has been done so they can like
add us to their books or whatever also
while you're acting give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and let me
know fill me to do more DIYs in the
future because I'm a hundred percent
down this was a lot of fun to make so I
can do that check out curtis's channel
I'm gonna put it right here it also be
in the link description in the link
below I guess with all that being said
I'll see y'all next week peace
