what's up everybody hey y'all doing this
beautiful day today's gonna be super
different than my other vlogs because
I'm doing something I've never done
before
somebody emailed me asking if I wanted
to partake in a fashion show and I have
never in my life done anything like that
and I was like sure so I went to like a
casting call thing and then I went to a
fitting and today is the day of the show
i'ma with you I'm really nervous I've
never done a runway thing knowing me I'm
definitely gonna trip and fall so come
on
so I just got to the I guess at that
Club
this runway thing it is an area that
I've never been to before so I get
somebody go inside and see when I'm late
by the way as I'm late to everything
they said I was gonna be a big deal
because hair and makeup they need to pay
as much time with me whatever I mean cuz
I'm perfect this is Adam here's another
person walking here and he's just
showing me where we're gonna be walking
so wait what do you think we do
thanks for walking
here and then all the way up and then oh
wow okay I just went through hair and
they did this to me I don't know why I
but looking good with Adam again we
finished the the show I guess you did
how do you think it went
wicked a mistake okay I think I do
really thank you okay first of all he's
professional model so he's done a ton of
these so yeah we just did that I'm still
like on a bit of an adrenaline high but
we're heading out now
it was super fun I hope I get to do
stuff like this again so yeah also
follow him on Instagram what's your him
telling it that ad AM des it'll be down
below so I just took a shower to go it
shoot out of my hair and now in a little
bit up some friends coming over and I
think we're gonna check out this like
haunted house thing that should be fun
but in the meanwhile there's one thing
that I don't want to talk about and that
is that this upcoming weekend so
probably when you're seeing this my tour
starts up again and it's to me the most
fun thing in the world and there's a ton
of other really cool people on it and we
go to a bunch of cities in the US and
Canada and in a few months I think we're
gonna go to Europe and South America so
if any of you want to come hang out and
meet me or any of my friends the links
in description just press play Co check
that out and yeah if it's something that
interests you get a ticket Chris what
are you doing right now so we're gonna
be going to Casa Loma today to check out
their legends of horror
who else is here Chris Bram this is my
oldest friend of all time
oh you got the oldest one for four years
we've known each other for 19 years
we shared a girlfriend oh that's a story
we have to share and then my roommate
one who doesn't like to be on camera
usually but but I'm his best friend of
all time
all time anyways securities yeah to the
heat not the heat you sweat in shanties
but the heat that drops her panties Oh
gentlemen okay wait there are wooden
ships and battleships maybe sailing
ships but the best ships are friendships
so here's to you and me go I guess your
hug now he's a pretentious friend so we
met up with Vera he's down there no
house here and this guy Daniel and now
we're waiting for the bus to go to what
they even called you that legends of
Horrors this is our boss so we're gonna
take it and go get some scared stop
laughing it's time to get spooked
that's so creepy
we're gonna put oh shit pram over here
trying to be Airy
let's even get somebody else
guys have you seen Brad I went ahead and
I'm in like a house of mirrors right now
I really know which way to go oh shit
that's nuts
I was so convinced I was a statue no
standing still but now it's pretty round
that's so creepy now we're in the cage
we've gone locked into this room I don't
know what it's about
what are you guys giving out of 10 I'd
say a seven other than seven or ten ones
off seven yeah I would give it an eight
I had fun hey you guys I think I was the
farthest away from the crowd and so I
got the most like involved in it true B
live in Toronto and you should go to
Casa Loma Moe's legend of haunted
whatever whatever child let go do
something so we finished the haunted
house and now we are going to the Maddie
we're basically here if you guys know
what the Maddie is in Toronto it's like
the Friday's bar there is like be
Paddy's bar probably but it's cool you
can like talk people or you can dance
does a bunch of something you do check
it out so sue me went straight to sleep
when I got home and completely forgot to
close off the vlog but yeah funny story
the girl that is in the last clip Audrey
actually with the high school with her
and all the people that were with her
and I haven't seen them in years so it
was really cool seeing them all again
but yeah you know it was a crazy day I
had a really good time let me know in
the comments if you guys like me
checking out on a house because there's
two more Toronto and I am kind of down
to go to them so yeah let me know give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to me if you want to see
more videos like this alright it is now
so I'll see y'all next time please
