hey I got a quick question for you Tom
sorry how many hundreds of thousands of
subscribers do you have you just feel
like go ahead and just uh just you know
tell me how many oh we're not rounding
no you son of a bitch time stick 200k on
my YouTube channels I just had to give
Tom a call to let him know we have this
weird relationship but we have to always
talk shit to each other about success I
actually don't really care about numbers
I mean I'm super happy to have 200k but
I'm not gonna think less of other people
with different numbers unless it's town
hey Curtis hey drew how's it going
we're gonna go thrift store and see what
we can find and I'm gonna start coming
to being Curtis both got pumpkin spice
latte is I've never gotten one before
this is gonna be too hot to drink right
now
go ahead let's go
that's good I love pumpkin pie so that's
that's some good stuff we went into
7-eleven to ask if they knew where the
Salvation Army was the store they were
trying to go to what do they tell us
Curtis it's demolished
it's been demolished not only is it
closed not only is it not here they
crushed it
hi I'm this is a Salvation Army you're
you're open today right you're not
demolished or anything they're just
coming up like buy clothes and stuff so
I just know the Salvation Army's that we
called so close apparently just a stupid
charity just helps people in need kind
of filming YouTube video here yeah so
selfish
we found some of the fifth store that's
like 20 minutes away we're gonna see if
we can go there and get full outfits we
can do it I think sadly not good that's
what we need we just got here it's it's
pretty cool I've never been to a thrift
store but I have been to a winner's and
this is kind of similar only much
cheaper so let's see what we can find
ooh what are you wearing up Oh No
yeah if you wanna hunt vampires can you
give me a dramatic turnaround ooh a
fedora and yeah you're killing
yo Curtis we're in such domes I never
really thought of myself as much of like
a a hat guy but I'm kind of sold on this
I don't know what do you think Curtis
yeah
absolutely that's what I needed to hear
oh yeah person sold so stuff that we
bought Curtis got a champion shirt yeah
I'm a champion as champion flexing on
y'all and I got nothing because I didn't
find anything that I liked I mean I
found a turtleneck but Curtis he advised
me not to get it Curtis is building this
whole thing as well and we're part ways
you should check out the video on her
channel it'll be in the description
so just - goodbye Curtis and now I'm
waiting to get picked up but meanwhile I
wanted to talk about something for a
second there's something that I don't
think enough people talk about and I
feel like it happens to everybody at
some point all of my friends that I've
talked to have had to happen at least
once or twice
the thing that I'm referring to right
now is pregnancy scares
I know it's like a super weird thing to
bring up but you know it happens I had
my first one in high school and I had no
idea what I was doing I remember it was
with my first girlfriend we had been
dating for like six months
we were very new to sex in general and
we just started having it and always
always wore condoms always tried to be
as safe as possible
I just member she came to me one day in
the halls of her high school and looked
super worried and I was like what's up
and she told me that she hadn't had her
period yet and then it been like over a
week or two from when she was supposed
to get it my first instinct was to like
try and keep her cool and tell her not
to freak out and say everything's gonna
be okay like you're definitely not
pregnant but this is the first time
anybody told me they thought they could
be pregnant I didn't even know for sure
I thought I don't know maybe something
went wrong with the condom or something
or god it could have been anything
I remember being so so freaked out what
we think it ended up being was this is
right around the time of finals so
between that and you know being maybe a
few days late and letting that stress
just all build up but it's a it's a
terrifying thing to go through I mean in
an instant I thought like what would I
do if I was a dad and you know I don't
want to be a dad anytime soon so that
would have changed my life that would
have ruined my life in my opinion not to
say that kids ruin lives but you know if
you're not ready for them or if you
don't want them yeah I think they do I
don't know I thought there was at least
an interesting thing to talk about I've
never seen a video of somebody talking
about like thinking they got pregnant
and since that time it's happened with
probably like every girlfriend I've ever
had only now I know
better how
to address the situation and more so
like what the factors could be but the
first time I wasn't even sure if stress
could be a cause anyways my rides there
I'm with my buddy Chris hey and we are
on our way right now to Kensington
Market
it's a this place in downtown Toronto
that's like really cool got all these
like little indie shops and stuff I want
to go to a grilled-cheese spot that I've
heard about for a real time and never
gone just a place of specialness and
grilled cheese sounds amazing so that's
where we're off to it's gonna be good
it's gonna be good it's so packed here
Lila I don't know what is well we're
gonna check it out we're gonna grill
cheese you check this out so much Chris
guy oh it's so good we're about to now
down seven grilled cheese so we're just
leaving our grilled cheese spot how did
you like Chris I was so good
five four five these are four bucks what
I look like a bill you know go to the
four dollar one yeah you gotta be
competitive competitive market no we got
these things and pinatas I'm not even
sure what it is but the guy said does
that habanero pepper and the one that we
got and so we agreed to both get the
hottest one we're gonna die a little
we're gonna see I feel like it can't be
that hot like I know habaneros are super
hot but I feel like because it's cooked
into a thing it's not tears Cheers it
tastes like a little bit of it but it's
not Chris is starting to burn drinks
dude for the last half-hour we were
thinking what could we do that's fun in
Toronto and so there are a few different
ideas we have there's like axe-throwing
we're gonna do laser Quest like a laser
tag we're gonna try Mini Putt a lot of
stuffs clothes lots of far away and it's
Sunday we ended up settling on archery
tag which is not something I've ever
done we picked up our buddy Daniel
what's up know what's going on we're
gonna come with us to play archery tag
yeah it's gonna be sick I'm so excited
I've never been I don't know none of us
have yeah none of us have there's gonna
be very new experience but I hope that
were on a team because you guys are
gonna eat shit have you even like done a
dog right there
I won't eat so much shit I didn't say
this earlier but Daniel over here is
also a youtuber and what are you known
for Daniel I am known for my my Disney
medleys and this is the clear disney
medley sing us a Disney tune what do you
want to hear it I want to hear Mulan
make a man out of you the best Disney
song I can do that let's go let's get
down to
and uh be dramatic Hines would even did
this and we dog asked for sons the only
reason I hang out with them we found our
friend Sam you ready to play some
archery tag yes if we can find the place
using it shot up you're gonna get your
challenge accepted let's not a challenge
you just gonna get shot out
Hey
be honest playing archery tag dodgeball
and like laser tag mixed together it's
pretty right in fun though it is
I got hit a lot though same like playboy
she got me like one of the employees has
a bow and it literally says Nutcracker
on it yeah it was like a legit all
messed up yeah cuz it was scared let her
have a fire beause I'm fine though
learning it was a learning process
I didn't anything so it's like 1:00 a.m.
I'm probably just gonna go to bed right
now but I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did give it a thumbs up it's like
such a cool thing they do well this is
the first one on the new camera I'm
diggin it so much it's such an
improvement over holding a DSLR so yeah
I'm excited to make more of these I'll
see you in probably less than a week and
have a fantastic day or night subscribe
to me if you enjoyed this and you want
to see more stuff like this and see you
next time
