so uh apparently today is a really bad
day to go to camera stores I guess
they're all closed sundays but I'm
trying to buy my blog camera I'm trying
to get something really good so I can do
this and not walk around with like a big
DSLR camera and I really could have used
a vlogging camera earlier this week
because I did my own meet up for the
first time like I've done meetups before
but this was by myself that was new Bell
invited me to do one with him downtown
as a part of their Bell five student
internet package wow that's a mouthful I
talk more about it in my back to school
video if you want to check that out the
beetle link in the description but
basically they have really good internet
and they give big discounts to students
also free waffles so what's not to like
but uh yeah walking away with a massive
camera on an octopod with a microphone
on top it's just a big pain but uh since
that is clearly not happening today I
guess I'm just gonna hang with my friend
Chris actually he's outside right now
and I've been keeping him waiting that
is a bad brand move right there let's go
fix that what's up Chris what's up guys
how was your show yesterday I was
awesome the club downtown was pretty
live uh I heard enough Luke was in my
band in grade nine so it's Chris we're
kind of having reunion right now yeah
the band was going yeah otium oh yeah
right and we were on facebook on
facebook chat i think i was like when
they first came out with facebook chat
we were talking about it then I was
googling Latin words and I think odeon
meat is Latin for peace and as it was
we're such babies right really good
odium dude peace and love is right here
recorded string I don't know that means
but means it's like sitting on it yeah
let's get that take me to your back
office uh-oh clothes are coming up let's
go yes blue koi send snapchats of him
working and
just does this one thing and I just
won't buy anything here unless he does
it for me right now so hold on show the
world oh yes I've missed this and that's
not that's all okay let's play that's
good that's good oh I'm all sweaty now
calling musician who doesn't get any
girls what a drummer that's right Chris
Sydney the whole store is closed uh and
Luke is just letting those jam here we
haven't done this in a very long time
Cheers but we're just going so let's go
I
your camera looks kind of funny with a
stand on the bottom you know it's kind
of funny that's that we both know you
got Chris by that was fun man say yeah
figure uh finally drop the dead weight
but I Chris like miss you already God
big Luke over Chris cuz this much nicer
car yeah that's the way I get everybody
how I get all my friends actually so
it's seven o'clock right now and I just
got back from hanging out with Luke and
Chris and one of the things that I got
was guitar strings cuz forever ago I
broke a string on this guitar it's been
like three weeks without me replacing it
also I don't change my strings ever so
these have been on for like probably a
year or two so it's time to change some
strings and I'm missing there's like a
plug and it keeps the string in there
and to keep it safe I put it the one
place I knew it would not get lost there
it is
we did it finally right now I have the
most ridiculous looking rig setup I have
my camera on like an octopus thing
that's not good um I just had a bit of
an accident where I dropped everything
in my hand but there was no damage done
but with that being said right now i'm
outside obviously i just had dinner with
my sister and my dad that was really
nice and now i'm on my way to meet up
with Lucas again so we're just chilling
on the side of this hill at this park
and we Kate we went to the same high
school in 9th grade we thought were the
coolest people on earth um and there's
this one story that i always remember as
like my go-to story for like one of the
most eventful nights I've ever had and
like that kind of defined a part of my
high school experience we found about
this park party on Facebook Park parties
you know what they are the sketchiest
thing on earth it's literally everybody
goes to a park and yeah there's there's
a ton of people Lucas on my place one
night and this was really the first
party since high school I was like you
know what maybe my mom's gonna be cool
about it I should just ask her if I can
go so I remember we approached my mom it
was like hey there's like a party at a
park it's gonna be super cool can we go
and she's like no that's no you can't
that's terrible yeah she was pretty
blunt about it yeah it wasn't much
negotiation but it's followed
immediately by someone to go out so yeah
don't go to that party and we're like
yeah okay we're gonna knock go to that
party she told she was gonna be back and
so we were trying to be safe about it
tell him what we did so I think well the
first thing we did was we got some
pillows and some sleeping bags and we
stuff the sleeping bags of pillows we
made sure it look like we're sleeping
but I didn't think that was enough we're
doing this we're doing it right next
thing we did we hooked up your webcam
and recorded or so snoring for a good
for a half hour we just breathed heavily
plated we put on your your computer
speakers yep and we can we stuff them
under the sheets yeah so
sound a little bit better a little more
muffled yeah and we kept it on repeat Oh
after that we were set we ready to go to
the park party and so we sneak out and
we go to this park it was so wild there
must have been like a hundred or more
people there we wended about one other
side of the park we want to connect back
to where we started I remember taking
like kind of this beaten path that our
friend was showing us it was me you in
her it was the one part of the park that
there weren't a lot of people yeah we're
walking along the path and there's
really just a hill at the end of it that
when you get to the top you're like back
at the beginning where everyone was
there were these shadows of these like
two or three people they were just like
they kind of stepped right in front of
me and started walking towards me and
the main 1i remember had like this big
branch in his arm weirdest thing by the
way to try and rob somebody with isn't
with a branch I think maybe same like
empty my pockets or something like that
i'm backing up and not like a small
amount of me i'd say oh i should just
empty my pockets noooo i think to myself
i just need to go this guy's holding the
branch yeah so I turn around and spring
what he's gonna do that branch yeah he
starts chasing after me he must have
dropped the branch cuz he was able to
run after me like he there's no way he
kept that branch on him so I'm running
from this guy and he's like yelling at
me and saying like all if I get you I'm
gonna just beat the crap out of you and
stuff like that it's like kind of go
over my head though become just think
myself was just not gonna get me because
after a little bit that I'm not running
the way that we came from and actually
the path is getting narrower and
narrower and he's telling me it's gonna
be a dead end the fences on either side
are getting closer and closer and then
just opens up and I'm back at the road
and there's all these people there who
are like from the park party and so I
just run up to them by the road and I
turn around and see this guy come out
realize that it wasn't dead end and
there was a road and it just immediately
turns around back I run up straight to
the people I'm like yo that guy just
tried to rob me and I'm like I'm the
biggest smile on my face because I got
away yeah and I was like so happy and I
was like what's up everybody let's hang
out with the moral of this story roll
the story is just run when you have
problems in your life run away from them
run away and they'll resolve themselves
and you'll be fine and don't rob people
with sticks that's the one that's the
big one that's don't rob people with
sticks all right let's get out of this
kitchen it's 2 a.m. I just got home I
know this wasn't even a relationship you
but I hope you guys liked it if you did
giving a thumbs-up would be super cool
I'm gonna go to bed so i'll see you guys
like that
