hey again uh Wow look at us this was not
a month since the last vlog I'm getting
better I actually set a goal for myself
to do one video every week for the month
of September I think I uploaded my first
video a little too late but from this
point on one week that is the goal
another goal that I set for myself in my
first vlog was that I would sign up for
driving classes which I did and I have
done my third one today and I'm doing my
last one tomorrow so getting stuff done
and a third goal it's more of like a
promise that I guess I made to myself is
if I really like vlogging if I get
through three videos and decide this is
something that I want to keep doing I
would invest in a camera for vlogging
because right now I'm lugging around a
DSLR camera which is super bulky and I
don't feel comfortable walking around in
the streets with it it also like it's
got a mic it's a big thing I just want
to get a nice camera that can put in my
pocket I don't really own on today but
it's Saturday and I know I'm gonna see
my sister who I haven't seen in like
over a year and my dog just like wow
it's gonna be such a good time today and
some friends I don't think he has met so
I'm looking forward to laying down that
introduction
hey I'm joined by my dog Wow haha only
my sister five seconds to say who you
are three two one go I'm Lizzy I'm a
creative producer and a filmmaker and
you Drake's number-16 fan yes that was
such a good oh here's my question to you
is who do you think between us is the
funnier sibling know what win in a fight
that's that changed when we were seven
years old because you used to be able to
beat me up and then I just started
kicking the day I realize there's like
alright verbal assault and then I got
really good at like destroying oh you
tear a person apart yeah who do you
think between you and me is funnier okay
and we're going
it's a horrible day
but nothing can stop our rays of
sunshine I don't what that means hey
Chris hey this is Chris sup guys say
something about yourself so we just got
done eating and now I think we're going
to some bar that Chris is working at
yeah I'm Curtis by the way oh my god I
felt so bad
I mean introduce Curtis you guys should
already know Curtis no because Curtis we
just did a video but yeah the man needs
no introduction
that's why thanks man we're driving a
Chris's bar right now yeah he owns the
bar oh we're on our way downtown we got
some time I think now would be the best
time to really like just share some
stories I think we should talk about and
each take a turn telling a story of like
the worst or most Awkward rejection
you've ever got and I'm gonna pass the
torch first to Curtis great okay that's
great seven great seven okay Julia so
like there was like me some other
friends were like in couples they're
like going to the movies and I was going
and this Julia girl is going as well so
I was like this is perfect I can be like
hey do you want to go as like a date she
was like okay sure the next day I was
super nice like being like the coolest
dude during lunch she like didn't have a
chair so I was like here you go just
have mine you know smooth like Curtis
got wheels end of the day her friend
came up to me and was like hey Curtis
Julia wanted me to tell you that like
you're a really nice guy but she doesn't
want tonight to be a date that's it yeah
so then did you still go I still went oh
I still like I just sit through some
god-awful Sandra Bullock movie I mean
like it's great seven whatever yeah but
like at the time it was like well this
is the worst thing that's ever gonna
happen to me and to this day it is still
the worst thing loves a pretty good life
it has gone straight uphill from there
hi Chris you're not see okay so great
eight I was also a fat Italian kid which
is great now you're none of those things
yeah announced this Italian Israel
this one time at band camp I'm not
kidding there's this there's this girl
named Camille two or three of her
friends totally knew that I had a thing
for her one of the friends I found out
later decided to play a prank on me her
friend Laura told me that Cammie also
had a crush on me at the time which is
like raises your hopes up and everything
right so basically I went up to ask her
for a dance and I'm going up to go dance
with her and they asked her like hey so
like your friend Laura said which is
like all the wrong things to say I was
like so you want to dance with me and
she just gave me this look I was like
who are you so I just crinkled didn't
walk the way you crinkled yeah I think I
can top that
I told this story actually once but it
was an old video it was like two years
ago maybe it was in middle school there
was a girl my class who had a butt
Mitzvah and it means I think when you're
13 or 12 or whatever throw a party and
she invited the whole class so it was
like this big dance and she had one girl
that was there that wasn't in our class
there was this girl named Elaine I built
up the nerve sing her across the room to
go talk to her I just went up to her my
heart was racing and I asked her dance
she said yes and we danced too like
what's that song and Shrek somebody
wants to know me and then like a slow
dance and she pulling her hands on my
shoulders and I put my hands on her
shoulders because I've never I didn't I
didn't know after we danced and
everything party was kind of coming down
and it was like i need a spur number
like i feel like i'm in love with this
girl
i need to get her digits i go up to her
again heart racing and she gives me her
number
burn down like a napkin I remember I was
sitting around for a few days just
looking at it and then I get up the
nerve to call her and she's like down to
meet up and we're just gonna like go for
like a walk so we meet up we're walking
around and she's like yes like my
friends think this is a date she was
like yeah but like it's totally not
yeah so who's ready to go to a bar we're
gonna have some depressing drinks
Curtis plenty of coffee and Chris felt
weird with us coming in he's embarrassed
by us I don't think I actually explain
what he's doing but he's like playing at
that bar yeah we're just gonna walk
around the block well Chris explains why
people are gonna walk in with the camera
so we got Curtis t question would you
rather live the rest of your life you
could only have one thing like either
tea or coffee or alcohol of any sort
need to choose hard that's a good
question right because it's like one
thing's for fun and the other things for
like to be alive
yeah just exist I think for that reason
just how we said it tea and coffee
because I would get things done there's
other ways to wake up though you don't
need coffee and tea like you could just
like good I used to like notching
alcohol for a while it was like terrible
yes you just get into hard drugs yeah I
think I dunno coffee no Holly yeah
because like in terms of just like
hanging out with people yeah I guess I'm
gonna pass the question on you guys as
well what would you rather do no alcohol
in any sort or no coffee or tea let me
know the comments below
sorry because that's the hardest
question you'll ever answer considering
this whole talk I feel like we're not
actually swearing off at either or all
right so let's go take a shot
ah so uh that's what I am she got back
I'm gonna be up early tomorrow for
driver's ed couldn't be ablaze I'd like
but if you want to see kind of like a
behind the scenes slash this in real
time you should add me on snapchat
it's Andrew quote the be a link in the
description so do that if you'd like and
yeah you know thank you for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed it I
hope that you've liked these vlogs and
I'm still trying to get better at them
but I'm having fun
and that's what matters alright I'm
gonna go to bed but uh I'll see you guys
later peace
