hi in the last month I have uploaded one
video and here's why I've been bored
I've been just not having fun making
videos for the last few months and I
wasn't sure what the solution was hell I
didn't know what the problem was and
this might sound dumb but I went to this
music festival it was called white home
and it was my first time I mean I don't
even really go to concerts oh it's my
first time at anything even remotely
like that and it just blew my mind
everyone was there out of having a
passion for something I mean people were
passionate about the music and the
band's I'm sure some people were just
passionate about partying but you know
what they probably spent weeks saving up
so they could go to this and do that
obviously the bands are passionate about
performing and you could just tell you
just feel it in the air everyone was
just doing what they loved and I feel
like that hasn't been me on here lately
so the solution that I came up with is
that I just want to try something new
I'm not saying what I'm doing now is
gonna be what I do every single time I'm
just gonna try something new
see if I like it I'm doing this for me
now so uh I hope you guys like it
so while we're at it let's let's open up
a little bit a little fun fact about me
I can't drive
I have something called a g1 in Canada
which basically means that I can drive
if there's someone with a real license
in the car with me and I've been taught
myself for forever that I'm going to go
to driver's school and get my full
license but now that's officially on
camera I'm saying it right here now in
September I'm gonna get it done cuz it
is way past due so the reason I put off
getting my license for so long is
because I live in Toronto and my area is
just so dope that I can walk to
literally everything I mean we got like
gyms pharmacies grocery stores
restaurants bars like everything so I
really don't have any use for a license
here but the second I leave the city I
just become dead weight and I've been
leaving the city a lot this summer I
think I mentioned this in a previous
video but I'm a part of this tour called
press play it's crazy it's a social
media tour that definitely didn't exist
like two or three years ago but uh yeah
so I'm a part of that and basically what
it means is that every weekend this
summer I've been in a different city uh
hanging out with viewers and the other
talent on the tour and it's a ton of fun
but uh I'm 23 and everyone else on that
tour can drive except for me
so I got to do something about that so
no matter what type of content I'm
making I always want to still sit down
and just talk about something and today
I want to talk about something that I've
actually avoided talking about for the
longest time because just such an
awkward thing so this is the story of
how I lost my virginity it was the
summer between ninth grade and tenth
grade and I was just in between
switching places from living with my mom
in Toronto to live with my dad in a
suburb of Toronto called Thornhill and
in the process I met this girl who had
moved in very close to my mom she didn't
have a lot of friends in the area
because she just moved so we had started
hanging out a lot and I brought her to
hang out with other friends of mine and
I just remember one one of these days
one of my friends came up to me
afterwards and said yeah that girl is so
cute and so we do you like you gotta get
on that at the time I've never had a
girlfriend I had never a
really done anything serious except for
like kiss I didn't know what to do
so one day her and I are in the top
floor of my mom's place we're listening
to like vinyls and I just remember I was
like today I'm gonna go for it and I put
my arm around her and she leaned in and
we started kissing and then she put her
hand on my leg and just as like stuff
was heating up we hear my mom enter
downstairs and like okay like this is to
stop so after that uh we were texting a
whole bunch and it got really flirty and
she told me that she wasn't a virgin
which obvious implications uh and so oh
I went down to the pharmacy I bought
myself some condoms and we made a plan
to meet up so one night I go to stay at
my mom's place and mom's asleep and this
girl comes over at awkward especially
because my room is right next to my
mom's room but we keep it down and good
sex
learned a lot that night learned I
learned a good bit of info uh but it got
really weird after because as great of a
night as that was it ended in her saying
I love you again as somebody who's never
been in a relationship never had even
like a real date uh that freaked me the
hell out so I did what any mature adult
would do and I didn't visit my mom's
house for a full year and when I came
back to my mom's place I didn't ever see
her again so solve that problem like an
adult's like the coldest fucking thing
I've ever heard oh yeah and I'm at
Alex's bliss
so a quick little resume on Alex so you
don't have to learn this stuff uh one he
was in the army but like but like just
like training side dozen really count
didn't really do anything cool true
cocky um - if you bring up martial arts
around him he will not stop talking
please never do that
that's for your sake like I don't know I
like it and uh three he's going to
London Ontario he's leaving Toronto to
go be a student next week so better in
my life yeah you know I don't care I
know you're gonna miss me there yeah so
since it's last week here I bribed him
to hang out with me and let me blog it
so that I wouldn't be by myself all
there yeah I'm getting paid a lot yeah I
want to talk to you about that um I
figured I could just pay you in like
hugs no just no come here I said nope
okay so uh right now we just got to this
rock climbing place because Alex wants
to show off and make me look bad no no
no this was your idea to go rock
climbing that's all you're gonna do
though so and I am I am but still your
idea you brought this upon III here Alex
wants to do this thing called bouldering
which is basically rock climbing but way
harder it makes you look like way more
of a bitch uh-huh but basically we gonna
do is you pick a color yellow is like
the easiest one and you just climb all
the way up and you have to touch that
one right there
alright Alex you ready go
hey yogi someone do then half the time
Oh take this out half without my stuff I
don't want to do this anymore let's go
home
so uh got the hell out of there real
quick uh you know I just didn't want to
show you up too much that's better well
I'm really red and disgusting so that
was my day I'm about to take a shower
but I really hope that you guys enjoyed
this type of video please let me know in
the comments below this something that
you'd be okay
we're seeing more of and also if you did
like it give it a thumbs up that'd be
really cool and I guess with all that
being said I'll see you guys next time
this
