hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and I moved
out the day I turned 19 at the time I
was living with my mom and I would let
her do everything for me I'm talking
cooking cleaning laundry everything I
was honestly a baby and I knew that the
only way for me to start taking
responsibility in my life was just move
out and figure out how to make it work
so that's what I did and it was the
hardest yet best decision that I've ever
made I didn't want to jump into college
right away after high school so what I
did was I took some time off to just
kind of work and get used to being moved
out until two years later when I finally
felt like I was ready and applied to
college and that did not go as well as
expected I was miserable for a bunch of
reasons and a lot of it were these
little things that had somebody just
warned me I could have completely
avoided but as a result I ended up
dropping out after my first year so
today I want to share with you guys the
things that I wish someone had told me
before I moved down went to college cuz
if this video can help at least one
person make that transition it'll all be
worth it so here's five things you need
to know before college number one moving
out so first of all just in general I
gotta say if you're playing on going to
college you need to move out because now
that high school is done you got to
start making steps into becoming an
adult I mean sooner or later you need to
do this and I gotta say right now is
probably going to be the easiest time
and let me tell you from experience the
transition from high school to working
full-time and being moved out is the
hardest thing you're probably ever gonna
go through in your life cuz in high
school you're still this pampered
sheltered baby who's just used to
relying on their parents for a bunch of
things okay mom smells like someone's
cooking dinner what do we got ooh well
you know it's a good thing that I
ordered a pizza on your credit card
already thanks mom I love you you're the
best
okay wait mom hold on oh I can't go any
farther you have to carry me we're
almost there
yeah yeah well this is what's happening
they're so used to it oh thanks okay can
you go give me a soda please thank you
but once you're moved out you are
completely on your own and it's hard
me personally I went through times where
I was just broke and depressed
it was tough so to avoid that you should
move out now while you're going to
college and take out a loan or work
part-time or get help from your parents
what did we need to do to just make it
work actually I would also recommend
choosing a school that is in a college
town because another problem that I had
was that I had to commute to my school
so I would just focus on going there and
going straight back home right after I
didn't really make any friends or join
any clubs or anything so I just didn't
care about my school I was just there to
get my classes and then go and it kind
of ruined the experience for me if you
live in a city filled with other people
who all go to the same school and you
know are also new and looking to make
friends I just think that you're gonna
have an amazing time and get way more
invested in the school just as a whole
and I legitimately think that it will
help you enjoy your time there more to
managing your money no matter how much
money you have I'm telling you right now
you're gonna go through it way faster
than you ever thought possible I mean
you're paying for everything
Uber's gas every little household thing
in your apartment food drinks nights out
with your friends literally everything
at first you're probably not gonna
manage it very well and you know what
that's okay but there are some things
that you can do that will save you so
much money than live like cooking for
example if you get groceries and learn
to cook you will save yourself hundreds
of dollars per week but uh hopefully by
the time I moved out you already know
how to make a few dishes because when I
first moved out I did not so if you're
anything like me you're probably gonna
start off on the broke student diet
three flirting was so much easier back
in high school I mean back in high
school you had all the time in the world
to get your crush you could lock eyes
from across the room then let them sit
on that for a week like some of their
photos on Instagram and sit for another
week point is you could just really take
your time back then
yeah college nothing like that first of
all you're probably gonna be these giant
lecture halls we're just no one sits in
the same spot each time or you'll see
somebody it was just so beautiful from
across the campus and that'll be it
you'll never see him again in high
school everyone knows who each other is
or at least they're a familiar face but
in college there's just way too many
people so if you're into someone you
better get their name phone number or
Instagram immediately or you might lose
them forever and this means that you're
gonna have to be a lot more ambitious
than you were in high school which in my
experience can be pretty hit or miss hi
hi hi um do you like parks I love barks
that's so cool what about like music
gave your listen to like a song or ever
yeah music is good I do that literally
every once a while to this train oh I
should get your it's true I should hey
yeah we should yeah yeah okay uh yeah
it's them are you gonna be gonna follow
me back for you're gonna lose a lot of
friends but you're gonna find out who
your true friends are in high school you
have a bunch of friends who you're
really only friend just because you see
them all the time
but now that's not the case you're
really only to see the people who you
make an effort for and who make an
effort for you when you first realize
this it's probably gonna suck but it's a
good thing because you become way closer
to the friends that actually stuck
around and believe me you'll make way
more friends in college and now all your
friends can be people who you genuinely
really like and want to keep around as
opposed to the ones who are really only
there cuz it's convenient and who you
cannot rely on what
how's it going you see a man coming for
me oh hello today it's really moving
yeah yeah moving today man yeah the
other guys bailed on me so just gonna be
you and me till you're gonna sweat it
out can be good and Andrew hey what hey
what and lastly number five you're gonna
need good internet first of all I just
think the fact that you're watching this
video at all probably means that you and
I have a lot in common you probably use
the internet for basically everything
like social media streaming gaming you
know submitting assignments everything
it is our lifeline to the rest of the
world when I first moved out and knowing
that I was on a budget I went for the
cheapest internet plan I could find it
was some like really small-time company
that promised really fast speeds at a
really low price like a weirdly low
price
anyways I learned that if something is
just way too good to be true it probably
is
it drops literally all the time and even
when it was working the speeds were not
at all what they said they would be and
they were spots in my apartment where I
couldn't even connect to the internet so
I realized that when it comes to your
internet you shouldn't roll the dice and
hope you get lucky otherwise the next
time you're uploading an assignment
you're just gonna end up praying and
hoping that the internet gods hear your
please come on this is good I'm gonna be
here all night I'm actually gonna be
here all night
this is crazy you just get me this one
thing uploaded and then we'll be good
and then you know oh I won't fail my
classes router I would okay
so the provider that actually switched
to from that crappy company was Bell I
got their five internet package and it
did everything that I needed and oddly
enough a couple years go by and they
reach out to me to sponsor this video
and I mean I literally have their
internet my roommate is the biggest
gamer that you will ever meet and I'm
always streaming or uploading and it can
handle it all it ever drops there's tons
of data the speeds are good and I get
online from basically anywhere in my
apartment I get online from outside not
that I want to go out there it's way too
hot it's just crazy to me that this
opportunity even came along because this
is a service that I actually enjoy and
it deserves the credit I'm giving it and
they've packages specifically designed
for students so all I gotta say is that
if you're moving out this fall season I
recommend you check out bailed on CA /
student and just see what they have to
offer I'm also going to leave that link
in the description so feel free to check
that out anyways I hope that you learned
a thing or two from this video if you
did or if you just enjoyed it please let
me know by giving it a thumbs up also
leave me a comment letting me know if
there's any points I might have missed
or any other little tips that you can
think of and if we go to college soon if
you're already a student you know take a
look through the comments and hopefully
some of that can help lastly make sure
that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week
