hey everyone I made you quo and there's
this trend going around where people
roast other people and I've never really
taken part in it
thus far because I ain't about I don't
know spreading negativity but new
challenges popped up called roast
yourself and I like it I mean my egos at
an all-time high right now and I think I
could use some bringing down to earth so
I figure today I would roast myself
let's see how this goes hey Andrew
you know you talked about being up no
just like a roast myself let me do it
I'll roast you okay all right so just to
clarify it like let's not like this is
just for good okay
so I can watch very many Andrew quo
videos but I've seen one of them well
what's that I feel like I've seen all of
them and they're all the same thing
you're our relationship videos ten
things guys do go ten things guys like
look they're the same thing try make it
something new try making something
different
you get all this relationship advice how
to get a girlfriend how to keep a
girlfriend how much you find a
girlfriend I don't even know if you if
this advice works because you you don't
have one and what's your outro it's a
see you next week yeah yeah that's
that's literally what your audience ask
themselves every time will I see him
next week do I want to watch him next
week do I want to watch the exact same
video next week I thought that it was it
some digging some of your old videos
some of your old Instagram pictures
what's this that's I know Andrew I
literally be greatest thing about this
picture is your hair I hope you regret
this you should you should regret this
it was it was okay you know I got one -
I'm not wanting to support torture
anything we're gonna watch this this is
one of your singing videos five seconds
of summer
yes okay that's all I can take this is
more of a sub five seconds for bummer no
this is terrible I don't know what you
were thinking you literally just did
this for the views you know you can't
sing oh man I mean that last one it cut
a little deep maybe we should bring it
down a little bit we're supposed to be
friends we are friends wrong press play
together well before you came on press
play nobody knew you and now they do
they know you as the guy that stands
beside the toe a line I think we don't
know what else do you do besides YouTube
videos and bad singing videos I made I
made a few vines I could look that up
right now but I'm not going to that's
six seconds of my life that I like to
keep to myself that I'd like to enjoy
what city you live in I'm trying Ron are
you proud of that I mean I love me
literally every successful Canadian has
moved to America Justin Bieber Avril
Lavigne I think Ken and then go back up
incoming yeah it's not becoming because
of Drake literally Drake made you cool I
don't know about me but you're looking
23 bro what what are you doing you're
like people your age are running
businesses right now you're posting
selfies on Instagram you do you're doing
a retweet for a follow for a DM on
Twitter how could you start your life
already okay well you know thanks for
watching the video we were just joking
around if you like this video make sure
you give it a thumbs up and if we can
get to 3,000 thumbs up mean Taylor will
do another one alright so if my job's
done here I'm gonna do you know what no
actually you're not because we also did
a video on Taylor's channel and I'm
about to roast the hell out of this
alright so make sure you go to his
channel okay check out that video
because he's about to get eaten alive
I'm starting to get an affinity for this
roasting thing I took it now I feel like
I'm a lot of dishes so leave a comment
telling me if there's somebody that you
want me to roast next and maybe I will
do that make sure you subscribe to me
and subscribe to Taylor subscribe and
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week we don't know you guys
like you you probably you're so weird
you're questioning yourself right now if
you will watch them next week I believe
that
