everyone i mean--you quo and you know
I've talked down here before about the
things guys find attractive and girls
but I usually try and avoid the weird
stuff cuz it's just so much easier to
focus on the things that people
understand right off the bat and things
that make people feel good about
themselves like for example uh
confidence hey I have that or smiling
wait what I know how to do that but not
today my friends today we are talking
about the weird stuff because there are
things out there things that you might
do that should not turn a person on but
uh they do well for me at least maybe
I'm just weird since today let's find
out just how much of a freak I am and
let's see just how far down this rabbit
hole goes I don't think I'm meaning a
sense anyways wearing glasses it's
probably one of the less weird ones on
this list but uh yet something about a
pair of frames on those eyes just makes
me melt I guess part of it is that they
make you look more thoughtful and smart
but also I think it might have something
to do with librarians yeah I think I
might have some unresolved issues there
I should probably call my therapist I'm
just kidding out on a therapist I should
though when I see a girl just being a
mess like not the dressed up you know
makeup on presentable look on a girl but
moreso when she's just not thinking
about it well you could be right when
she wakes up or cuz she's too busy with
things to care about how she looks but
oh there's just something about it and
it's weird cuz like the more distracted
she is to not care about her appearance
the more I'm into it I'm talking like
all the stops like bags into the eyes
hair isn't like a messy bun or just like
everywhere no makeup and I'm not at all
saying like oh all girls shouldn't wear
a makeup nothing like that it's more
about those moments when you're just too
busy to even remember to put it on I
guess it's just the most real version of
yourself you know we're just the last
thing on your mind is how anybody thinks
of you and yet that's when I think
you're the most beautiful wow that's so
cheesy
you wouldn't want that much cheese on a
pizza okay so this one's gonna sound bad
but I don't even care waiting girls I
guess are sick or if they were like
yelling out the day before so they have
a raspier voice and there are some
who I've seen who I'm pretty sure are
just born with her raspy voice and just
always have one and I don't know I just
think it's the most attractive thing
ever I couldn't tell you I like this I
honestly like I'm trying to explain to
myself I don't know it's just I I really
really do this next one isn't really a
thing that girls do so much as just a
turn-on
but um feeling a girl's breath let me
explain I promise it's not as weird as
it sounds I think maybe it is Oh God
I've definitely mentioned in previous
videos the importance of having good
smelling breath yeah this is nothing to
do with that just assuming that your
breath isn't disgusting it's just like a
really intimate thing for someone to be
close enough that you can feel their
breath or if they like whisper in your
ear yeah honestly like it it gives me
goosebumps and don't tell me you
wouldn't feel the same way if your crush
whispered something in your ear yeah
that's right
we're all weirdos well so this last one
is kind of the opposite of what I think
people expect I don't know why this is a
thing but it seems like to be super hot
in the public eye it also means having a
really nice tan but I've always been so
much more into pale girls
I'm bonus points if you have freckles
too because something about freckles I
have a really hard time explaining this
one because I'm so into it and I don't
know why but all I know is that all of
my longest term relationships have been
with pale girls
maybe it's because I'm pale myself but I
actually think tans are really overrated
no offense if you're tanned I mean if
you're tanned and gorgeous you know feel
free to hit me up I just can't promise
anything I think looking back at these
points the common theme here is that I'm
really attracted to the side of a girl
that isn't the publicly broadcasted one
a lot of it is probably stuff that you'd
only really see in a relationship Wow I
think I'm just lonely Wow well I just
had a revelation anyways um I need to go
find a girlfriend so thank you for
watching this video and I actually wrote
down a lot of points that didn't quite
make it into this video so if you want
me to make a follow up to this video
let's even get to 5,000 thumbs up and if
we do consider it done
also please help me feel less weird
about the stuff that I'm in do if you
agree with any of the weird things them
attracted to or if you can think of any
that you're into please let me know
leave a comment so I don't cry myself to
sleep tonight I'm just kidding I'm
probably gonna do that either way also
make sure that you're subscribed to me
to be notified of future videos because
you know another new one every week you
don't want to miss that and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week get out of here you
