look we've all fantasized about being
with someone who might not exactly know
how we feel but do you ever really think
what it would actually be like maybe
they're just attractive maybe once you
get to know them you'd realize just how
bad of an idea this whole thing was or
maybe the two of you are actually
perfect for each other so before you
make a bold move from friend to date or
from date to significant other let's
just talk about a few ways to tell if
they might be good for you or not what
I'm saying is if you and your crush do
everything on this list it's looking
pretty good for the two of you but if
the two of you don't do any of it
don't even bother if it's really just a
waste of time at this point today we're
gonna cover five key signs that your
crush is perfect for you number one if
you have the same sense of humor sense
of humor has to be one of the most
important things in a relationship like
if the two of you are hanging out and
you're making jokes the other person
doesn't find funny it's already over not
a chance in hell I'm exaggerating a
little bit but in all honesty laughing
is a way of showing comfort around
someone like if you make a joke and they
tell you it was dumb you're gonna feel
pretty crappy about yourself for about
them either way not a great way for a
relationship to function granted most of
my jokes are corny dad jokes and will
make you cringe more than they will make
you laugh so I'm not saying you have to
find every joke funny but just have a
similar sense of humor it's not as much
about individual jokes as much as it is
just overall sense of humor cuz if they
don't get your humor they don't get you
so maybe give them some time you know
give them the chance to start to
understand your humor but if it's just
not coming to them you've got to get the
heck out of there because two of you do
not vibe the second huge sign that
you're basically soul mates is that the
two of you get along super well with
each other's friends well the two of you
getting along with each other is just
necessary for you to want to be together
at all
giving along with each other's friends
shows a lot more longevity to
relationship because there's literally
no time that you're not welcome to be
around I'm not saying that you should
constantly be around each other but if
the friends are
you can still see them and it's not like
weird I've had girlfriends in the past
that did not get along with certain
friends and I've had to try and keep the
two of them away from each other and it
just sucked it's just stressful to even
to think about but when everyone not
only tolerates but likes each other
total GameChanger neither one of your
friends and your significant other and
it does not get much better than that
third on this list is the two of you
motivate each other that make you want
to be a better person you lift each
other up you're supportive when and
where you need to be but you can also
criticize each other if you're doing it
to help and they're not gonna be
offended by it because they know it's
coming from a good place
in fact they value and appreciate it
being able to do this is not an easy
feat but it is such a game changer for
the longevity in your relationship if if
you can the way I see it is that you're
either helping or hurting each other in
terms of your personal work that could
be homework it could be your job it
could be anything like it is really easy
there is no challenge to happen in a
relationship where a hundred percent of
the time you're just in bed having pizza
and watching Netflix as great as that is
every once in a while if that's all that
you ever do eventually you're just gonna
associate that person with being lazy
and unproductive and what's worse is if
you do that together constantly you're
both really just validating constantly
doing it and putting off any other
responsibilities you might have but
little things like if they offer to help
you with homework or give you ideas on
something you're stuck on or maybe even
just leave earlier because you both have
work to do stuff like that benefits you
both everywhere else in your life it's
sort of just a great way to help keep
you in check and that's huge like if you
can feel like you're moving forward in
your life and still have a great
relationship that is a perfect
relationship right there
number four on this list is that you
like the things that they're insecure
about and they feel the same way about
you like that mole that you hate they
think it's cute they're self-conscious
about snoring you find it relaxing I
don't know if people find snoring
relaxing but you see what I'm getting at
that is some real love if I've ever seen
it this is like that get married and
live happily ever after
of love but it has to be both ways it
can't just be one of you liking the
other person's insecurities and not have
that back and if they don't like your
insecurities or if they even worse
actively dislike your insecurities you
got to get the hell out of there that's
not gonna help you feel better about
yourself that's gonna put you down but
this is just great because your
weaknesses become a strength with this
person it's just gonna make you more
confident and happy about yourself hey
general I'm just a big believer that if
you're happy with yourself then
everything else in your life can be
great but it starts here my hand wasn't
showing up down there but it starts here
but there's also a big difference
between letting that person make you
feel good about yourself and then also
being dependent on it like if the only
reason you like yourself is because of
them you gotta put in some work because
you shouldn't be reliant on someone to
feel good about yourself you should just
know that you're great and people who
see it are just finally getting to see
how great you are this isn't where I was
trying to go with the whole thing but
what I'm trying to say is just you're
more responsible for your happiness than
anyone else and finally the last sign
the two of you were meant for each other
is you can just talk about anything it
might been in this is really the
ultimate sign because the two of you can
have deep philosophical conversations
one minute and then have the most
offensive dirty jokes the next and you
just both get it you can tell them when
something's bothering you and vice versa
and you'll both do whatever you can to
make the other person feel better it is
not an easy thing to do at all I mean
talking about very personal things often
that's terrifying but if the two of you
are somehow able to do this and walk
away feeling good about it
that's just a match made in heaven and
I'm jealous seriously you should break
up with them and then date me I'm just
kidding
anyways that was it for today thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
it let me know by giving it a big ol
thumbs up also tell me in the comments
if you agree or disagree with my points
here this is all my opinion so feel free
maybe you think that people should be
total opposites in every way and that's
they say opposites attract right maybe
that's you I don't know let me know in
the comments down below last video I
asked you all what were some things that
I didn't mention that you think guys are
insecure about and so on screen right
now are some of my favorite comments
from that video and remember if you want
to be featured at the end of my next
video all you gotta do is leave
and maybe I'll feature you but if you
want me to actually call you by name and
talk to you on here you're gonna want an
Instagram shoutout
speaking of which huge Instagram
shout-out to CID for commenting on a
recent pic a little a little riddle for
me
what scans typed backwards snack I see
what you did there
the next Instagram chatter today goes to
quality and I could just call her by her
name Emily but why deny myself a shout
out to not only is she one of my
favorite people ever but she's also from
Toronto and most importantly she
commented on a recent pic saying that my
hair wasn't red enough well I'm sorry I
can't be the red that you want me to be
I'm doing my best over here okay I think
it's red enough as it is not gonna
change for you okay whatever but lastly
big instagrams showed at the Alex who
wasn't a fan of the the pun that I
captioned a picture with but you know
what I've met her she's great she's a
great singer I'll forgive it this time
so go follow those three and if you want
a little Instagram shadow at the end of
my next video make sure that you are
follow me on instagram first of all have
my notifications on second of all like a
bunch of my pictures actively you know
not just one time one time what I look
like and then just leave comments today
obviously was a largely comment
shout-out so comments are great
and finally subscribe to me if you
haven't already click over here if you
want more advice videos that's right
it's not just this one it's more and
with all that being said I'll see you
next time please
