hey everyone I'm Andrew quo today I'm
joined by two very good friends of mine
Joe a kidney and Taylor Baxter and three
girls - we were sitting around thinking
about how many types of boyfriends are
there there's so many I've had so many
so many today we thought we talked about
the different types of boyfriends
that's really it this is part of a
three-way collab so these two also have
videos that they did so at David video
I'll be linking those make sure you
check them out subscribe to them and if
coming from our videos make sure to stop
by and check out the video right now and
hit subscribe check him out he could be
your next type of boyfriend
Ellis let's start this video oh hey
where you going I'm now what do we know
here clean yourself up okay yeah yeah
oh hey I brought a friend
Hey okay well I'm gonna go to bathroom
real quick
hey what's up just just watching TV as
fast you oh yeah I know how much you
love movies
yeah it's little things didn't choppy -
no talking about no okay I know how much
your favorite color is yellow green
that's good no it's yeah let you're
playing with me yeah okay right let me
give me giving me here it is what is
that some minions it's your favorite
piece of plug you know I hate minions
what we're window that's the last time
I'll show you how to give a present I
love you I love you I love you guys more
all of that love you list it this day
places to be is the leaves Nick Ulis
leave oh hey Oh baby we chug in these
that I got you I can beat you ready here
we go I was just thirsty really thirsty
I'm horny you're on it yes I got
screaming oh just fine anything you
wanna like maybe likes it too here
oh my god have some have some water
there's not much fingers on okay you
happy I'm not really thirsty is cut see
there's Pepsi have some pet oh don't you
open tryout I mean yeah but just playing
like tryout this pillow I just walked
you for you go ahead yeah yeah yeah
we're good we're good to wear my glasses
wear my glasses what is happening that's
the video thank you for watching uh you
can click on either of their faces check
out the videos we did on their channel
leave a comment below telling me the
type of boyfriend that did you one
what's the type of friend that you would
want was it yes or that you've had if
you've had any boyfriends
let us know and if you've ever had if
any if you never want a boyfriend then
don't comment yes yeah actually comment
saying it you don't want to want any of
us and we're ugly I don't know much
about this much to comment any but say
like 6500 likes if we get 6500 is you
find in a minute a lot like if we need
the 6500 likes then we're we know we're
gonna be your boy in a kiss the airport
and alright let's go come on my hands
hot because think about what your likes
let's go
I guess with all that being said I'll
see you guys next week what's up that
you acted a week no matter what - really
Rinku happy
Oh
