hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and a couple
months ago I uploaded a video called ten
attractive things girls do where unlike
my regular videos where I add jokes and
skits and things to make the video more
exciting I just kind of sat in front of
a camera and vented a bunch of things I
liked about girls and apparently you
guys liked it because it's sitting at
like over 400,000 views so thank you for
that in that video I said that I would
make a sequel if we could get to 2,500
thumbs up so we did it and if this is a
video that you enjoy and want me to do
something like it again make sure you
give this video a thumbs up and bring it
to something crazy like 10,000 then I
will make another one also make sure
that you subscribe to my channel to be
notified of when it comes out and you
know to check out my other videos which
I'm very proud of anyways it's time to
gush number one I think I should just
start off with the most simple thing
that I can tell you right now every guy
on earth is attracted to this girls who
are happy girls who just smile a lot the
thing is if you're always smiling it
looks like you're always having a good
time and you know as a guy seeing that
I'm over here like yo you're having a
good time I want to have a good time sup
to when girls are just nice and this
sounds like a super simple point but
it's actually not because there's a big
difference between doing good things and
being a nice person I know lots of
people who are smart and level-headed
and do things to help their friends out
but at the same time they talk a lot of
trash about people they dislike behind
their backs and a really nice person
doesn't do that they don't have to like
every single person but the people that
they don't like they don't waste time
thinking about them it just kind of
seems petty and it shows a lot of
maturity to not be like that free I love
it when girls can just put their phones
down and enjoy life and it's not easy I
have a hard time putting my phone down
but if you're with someone on like a
date or something and they're on their
phone it just looks like they're having
a horrible time even if they're not and
there's nothing that makes a
conversation more fun and engaging than
you know eye contact not having your
phone out for girls who just sort of
take charge on dates I don't know better
were that girls who just decided the
plans just like hey this new spot just
opened up it's supposed to be really
cool wanna check it out I just think
that's like insanely hot cuz people
always waste so much time being decisive
or waiting for other people to make
their plans for them like if you have a
cool idea for a date I am so down I went
out with a girl once who I thought was
cool but I wasn't sure if I wanted to
date until she asked me out to go to
comic-con with her and I just thought
that was so cool like yes that is a sick
idea let's do it
five girls who make the first move I
feel like all my points make it sound
like I just want to date somebody who
will do everything for me but that's not
what I mean at all you don't need to do
all of these things they're just
individually little turn ons if you do
any of them I will be impressed anyways
I just mean girls who know what they
want and go for it like if you know that
you're flirting with a guy and you just
don't care to wait for him to build up
the confidence to make the first move
till I kiss you or hold your hand or
something you just kind of do it because
you think he might be into it and it's
just something you want to do that just
takes guts and ah I like it it's the
simple things really six girls that
trust you I feel like a weird thing to
say or should I say girls who don't get
jealous super easily now hold on cuz
this is a two-way street I mean if a guy
gives you a reason to not trust him then
you don't trust it in fact I think you
two should break up because once Trust
is broken it's really hard to build back
up but I mean if we just started dating
and you're jealous of girls that I'm
friends with or you're always trying to
read my texts that is not cool you need
trust to build a relationship and it's
insulting to not be trusted like what
you just assumed I'm gonna go cheat on
you and I just think it's really
attractive when girls understand that
right off the bat and think highly
enough of me to know that I'm not gonna
run off and just try and cheat and again
if you don't think the person you're
dating is trustworthy you probably
shouldn't be dating them seven when
girls are good with kids
this is some real like paternal instinct
style thing because I personally don't
want kids anytime soon but when I see a
girl playing with kids I just think
that's like the most attractive thing
ever like if you think for one second
that I do not immediately think about
what she would be like as my
life and potential mother to my kids uh
then you are very wrong I just find that
insanely attractive especially because
we live in a time where tinder exists
eight girls who just geek the hell out
about things I guess that's usually
applies to like books shows or movies
but if you like the same things I do
then that is just marriage material
right there for me personally that's
Game of Thrones Walking Dead anything
Marvel really Parks and Rec It's Always
Sunny in Philadelphia if you and I can
gush about the source of things then I'm
telling you right now we will never have
a boring or awkward conversation ever
nine girls who do not expect you to pay
on dates cuz for so many of the dates
that I've been on when the bill comes
the girl doesn't even pretend to wanna
pay she's kind of looks at me and I mean
I enjoy being a gentleman and paying for
dates but I do not like having it be
expected of me also I'm kind of broke so
if you expect me to pay for all of our
dates then I hope that you like walking
through parks and eating hot dogs
because that is the only thing on my
budget and finally number 10 when girls
like my friends I'm a last video about
this I made a point about all of my
friends liking a girl but this is
different if I like go to the bathroom
or something and come back and see the
girl I'm dating hanging out with all of
my friends laughing and having a good
time that's when I really start to see a
future with her I mean clearly we have a
lot in common if she can get along
really well with all my friends and it's
just the people that I like hanging in
with the people that I like what is
better than that anyways that was the
video I hope that you enjoyed it if you
did let me know by giving it a thumbs up
and again if we get to 10,000 thumbs up
which I don't know about but we'll see
I'll do another one let me know in the
comments down below if any of these
points that I made apply to you and also
what you find attractive in somebody
also make sure that you are subscribed
to me to be notified of future videos
and I would recommend checking out some
of my other videos because I'm very
proud of them and I guess with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
good bye
ah
