hey everyone I'm a Jew quo and these
last few years a certain word has been
going around to describe a certain type
of douchey guy he's known for basically
only trying to get laid without putting
in much effort and for doing everything
in his power to avoid learning anything
about you
so yeah today's video it's about buck
boys and here's the thing the reason I
even want to talk about this today is
because I know that there are a lot of
girls who watch my videos and if you
meet some guy that you like and you
don't know what to look out for you
might not realize he's a boy until it's
too late I don't want that to happen to
you so I want to help so I hit the books
for a few hours and did some research on
what exactly makes a boy a boy and I
think that if you watch this video in
its entirety you will never again
mistaken a boy for a decent human being
so what are we waiting for let's get
right into it
here's how to tell if he's a boy the
first thing to look out for to spot one
of these suckers
is his Instagram a lot of shirtless
selfies definitely mean that he is a
type of douche but not necessarily a boy
that's more determined by if you like
one of his pictures and Edie M's you
immediately or if he spams a bunch of
your photos with likes and then the ends
you see boys Instagram DMS is like the
most intimate type of flirting yeah mmm
subtlety is basically unheard of - these
guys
sup girl also if you just started
talking to a guy you've hung out maybe
one or two times and he forgets your
name you know what it's forgivable maybe
he's just awful with names but if he
doesn't even try to remember your name
or doesn't care that he doesn't know it
he's probably captain boy haha oh you
are so funny snow kitten you always call
me snuggle kitten like do you even know
my real name do I know your name come on
you ask me that days no start with an A
no B no C the next thing you'll notice
when a guy is trying to play you is that
he will always be secretive with his
texts and well I don't think there's
anybody out there who actually enjoys
having their texts being read by someone
boys will take this to the next level
because they actually have something to
hide that's something being as many
girls as they can possibly get to talk
to them because the first rule of being
a boy is to try and juggle as many girls
as possible yeah
I actually have to take this I'll be
right back
12 seconds later so I'm gonna help my
friend with something and you gotta go
are those condoms well where we safe and
sorry
and kind of on the same page as my last
point one of the biggest signs that a
guy is a boy is that he's constantly
trying to hook up with his many girls as
possible and because of that he's gonna
be really weird going on in public with
you
to avoid this he might invite you to
relatively empty places or places at
really weird hours of the day or just
the usual invite you over instead of
going anywhere else
it's just something straight out of a
nightmare for him for another girl they
seem to catch you with them yeah just
like hop in there for a second are you
just gonna like jiggle it a little and
the last and most obvious way to tell
that a guy's a boy has a little
something to do with the phrase Netflix
and chill now I'm sure that you've all
heard the phrase before and I'm sure
that a lot of you know that you don't
really get a lot of watching done boys
absolutely coined this phrase and for
good reason it's the type of date that
by far requires the least effort and
gives the most reward and a real boy
will have this be his go-to gate idea
and probably not even be down for other
dates it really shows his priorities you
know I mean he doesn't want to spend
money doesn't even really want to talk
about that much kind of wants to take
you on a trip to the boneyard
hey are you still coming over tonight to
meet my parents oh do you want to maybe
not do that and instead you can just
come over and we could Netflix or
something no we made this plan a week
ago you said you'd come actually my dog
sick so I'm just gonna go you even have
a dog that you mean no that was good
thank you for watching this video I hope
that it might have helped you learn a
thing or two and if it did or if it just
made you laugh give it a thumbs up to
let me know let's see if we can hit 2386
likes weirdly specific number but I
think we can do it and let me know in
the comments if you've ever had an
experience with a boy and what that was
like or if there are any points on how
to identify a fuck-boy that I might have
missed that would help everybody also
make sure that you subscribe to me
because I make new videos every Thursday
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week
this
