hey everyone I made you quo and today
I'm joined by two very good friends of
mine give it up for Ray legaia he's a
miner and then also Curtis Connor who's
funnier than I will ever be
no the title this video is a Canadian
boys try British liquor we're drinking
Bombay Sapphire gin and it's not
sponsored by us but it's made in London
it says London on it so British and
we're gonna be playing drinking games
with trivia involved my roommate
Daniel is right off to the side no he's
gonna ask this British related questions
and for every answer we get wrong we
have to drink I'm more of a dark liquor
kind of guy the only drinks liquor in
the dark so is it good cheers Cheers to
Britain no no this tastes like ha ha
that's not it tastes like soap oh my
good course number one which side of the
road to the British driver right to left
yes Oh Cheers bottoms up you lose
bottoms up Oh
what is the drinking age 18 yeah I think
it was right first cheers guys oh if
there's like a black licorice scented
soap and you ate it that's what it
tastes like who pulled the sword out of
the stone in British legend ah Cheers
what is the Scottish uh the famous
Scottish dish haggis made from sausage
no uh some type of meat together right
liver lamb yeah oh my god I'm getting
worse at this maybe I should not be like
a poor I'm putting too much there
poor job hey we don't have cheese we're
just taking it straight
Cheers what is the primary function of
the House of Lords politics this ring
game of throne that is a brothel yes I
guess is passing laws yes what sir
that's it are you kidding me
Cheers change my British road signs show
distances in what way kilometers no
miles
yes that's half and for short distances
for short big with no meters yeah we
both got the what so what happens how do
you guys take a half okay okay all right
don't think about it on which date do
the British celebrate the fourth of July
the fourth of July
maybe not 29 you guys all deserve a
drink they don't celebrate hey cheers to
Brenton to being duped Emma no longer a
virgin
gin ah
uh what is the common tip you should
leave at pubs in Britain 15 percent
bigger percentage 5 pound it's an actual
number doesn't matter doesn't matter
people only tips that's it well drink
I'm at a point where just its water no
man I'm glad I met you man bunny me too
yeah man her just kidding here okay
Curtis 2 guys are bonding with Elly was
it piss it up don't fish who would be
the last to conquer England
Sanna yep Santa Claus ooh
how many try are we getting hasty okay
who's in the Bible they stay the Normans
so I don't have to drink yeah no you're
good oh yeah we lost according to
British law it's legal to kill any
Scotsman who enters the city of York if
he happens to be carrying a bow and
arrow
sure whoa wanna be with you guys please
yes it's Hickey kicker is a British term
for what a football is kicked high and
far but leans to the left or right
rather than flying straight that's
pretty true let's say it's true it's
true
Kurtis true-false hmm
did you get some more I got it need some
water on me a water but more than the
bikini line what are you doing I will
drink it yeah well then there you go you
should have been more threatening this
let's cheers in the camera
cheers guys Cheers the case is so good
Curtis ha ha ha thank you
East Peckham in Kent is where the first
speeding ticket was issued in January
1996 Walter Walter Arnold was spotted
doing 8 miles per hour in a 2 mile per
hour zone he was easily caught by police
minimal basics that Walter aren't on
bringing his boss group on is what we're
gonna do we're gonna flip the coin come
on I'm false right now you going Falls
no matter what no matter what like you
think it's false
yeah heads are true tales are false yeah
I promise you guys I'm literally gonna
murder you you're gonna have to worry
it's true damn it ray oh he's gonna not
taste it this is a last one yeah no
we're done one sweet a three-way tie I
want to do a group hug real quick we
don't know anything about Britain let's
be honest we don't know what kind of
thing that was a practice Wow and I
think we're all pretty drunk considering
that we've had all that anyways um that
was the video I hope that you enjoyed it
if you did give me a thumbs up to let me
know and if we can get to 2000 thumbs up
easy let's then we will do another one
from a different country so let's try
and get to 2000 thumbs up so we can do
that and also leave in the comments uh
what countries you want to see us drink
liquor from because whatever it is we're
gonna have to do it anyways if you
enjoyed this video make sure you check
out both of these guys as channels
because they are also on youtube if you
click curses face or you click on Ray's
face and you will go to their channels
right now and uh yeah make sure that you
subscribe to me and subscribe to them
and uh with all that being said I'll see
you guys do is with me next week
