hey everyone I'm a Jew quo and something
really embarrassing happened to me and I
just want to own up to it I woke up this
morning and checked Twitter and my
mentions a few people had tweeted me a
photo and asked me if it was me I wasn't
exactly wearing all my clothes in this
photo so naturally I started to freak
out a little bit I started tearing up
and and and sweating and freaking out
and then worst of all Justin Trudeau the
Prime Minister of Canada he told me was
disappointed in me and then I woke up
okay so no it didn't actually happen I
know that true dizzle was out of town
this weekend but it just got me thinking
this is a real thing that could actually
happen to me like I have a few friends
who have had their personal photos
leaked online that is terrifying and
there was that whole scandal with like
Jennifer Lawrence and Kate Upton and
like all these other celebrities where
they had their photos leaked having
somebody gain access to your private
info is a real thing that could happen
at anybody for example I have lost my
credit card before
lucky for me I found out pretty quickly
after I lost it and immediately called
my bank to cancel it but what if I
didn't and honestly now it is you don't
even have to physically lose your card
for somebody else to be able to use it
like if you've ever paid for anything
online the info is all right there the
website has it your computer has it
realistically it is not that hard for
somebody to gain access to it and just
start using it dude come check this out
I think someone's been using my credit
card
let's go though all right look at all
these purchases scented candles why
would I ever buy those salad adult-sized
dragon onesie you would ever need that
yeah that's why would you ever want
something that's so dumb
clearly somebody else bought that and
that's not even the only thing that
people can take from you online there's
so many things that you probably don't
want anyone to see that they could gain
access to and if someone was able to
hack your email
they'd have everything passwords all
your emails your contacts they could
email your grandma for all you know I
mean I doubt that she would know the
difference well sup grandma it's your
grandson me real quick
want to just shoot over your will for a
hot minute there was some spelling
errors I
fix ttyl babycakes your ji-sun and I
think you'd be embarrassing enough if
someone was just able to read your
emails they'd be able to read everything
you've ever written and if you have any
backup accounts that you need to verify
or something they can find those out too
oh my god my old emails are so cringy if
someone ever found those I would
literally just give you my credit card
to never say anything about it again ah
I'm not telling you guys anything
torture me all you want
torture you oh no we have something way
better in store for you angel or should
I say my little brownie for 20 at
hotmail.com it was just a phase I was
going through I was 14 years old please
don't tell anybody I'll give you
whatever you want
worst of all if someone had access to
your computer they could look at the one
thing that no one should ever look at
the ultimate violation of privacy the
thing wars have been fought over you
know what I'm talking about
alright I'm gonna run down serious grab
some snacks you want anything no I'm
fine all right
yo be right back see what kind of things
you've been looking at with no one's
home we what the hell's that
oh boy okay I thought I heard oh no did
you look at my browser history but jokes
aside the reason I'm making this video
is because I just read this report that
Norton released on cybersecurity and the
results are crazy like I guess as young
people we feel like we know better than
say our grandparents but keep in mind
they're the ones with the 80 digit
passwords that they have to keep written
down the report found that 56% of
Millennials have been a victim of online
crime that makes our generation by far
the most vulnerable to it one in four
people just don't have passwords on
their devices and 34 percent of
Millennials give their password out
without a second thought that is nuts
and what's worse is that one in three
people in our generation trust a bank or
website to protect them in the event of
a hack and that should not be the case
and the craziest thing about it all is
that keeping yourself protected is not
that hard make sure that you have a
password on all your devices and keep
your privacy settings up today use
multiple passwords so if someone had one
they wouldn't gain access to everything
and check your bank statements and
report something if it seems out of
place feel like our generation is the
most comfortable with all these tools
and as a result we should also know how
to be the most protected but that's just
my opinion anyways I hope that you
enjoyed this video and if you did let me
know by giving it a big thumbs up and
leave a comment tell me what you think
the worst thing would be of yours that
someone else could gain access to I
would be super embarrassed if someone
saw the shape of my long abandoned
Neopets cuz I haven't fed those things
since I was like seven so yeah tell me
about yours I want to hear about that in
the comments below anyways make sure you
are subscribed to me if you haven't
already as I make new videos every
Thursday and with all that being said I
will see you guys next week face
you
