hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and
sometimes I like people I'm so weird
lately I've been noticing that I treat
girls that I have feelings for way
differently than I treat everyone else
and after talking to a couple friends of
mine I realized that we all kind of do
the exact same things a lot of it is
these little insignificant things that I
think you regularly wouldn't think twice
about but once you have them pointed out
to you I think it's hard to ever not see
them again so today I thought we should
talk about it the first and probably
most common way to tell that a guy's
into you is when he's just weirdly
patient with you cuz for regular people
if you're late or you keep us waiting
at best you'll just get a call like just
call me when you get here and I'll come
out and get you but if he likes you and
the two of you make plans he'll stick to
that no matter what Andrew what oh hey
oh my god what was the last time I saw
you oh you know it was a it was a while
back I mean I remember oh it wasn't it
like two years ago oh my god we said
we'd meet here to grab coffee wait did
we I don't even I remember that I'm just
showing you you know like reading the
paper so uh yeah you wanna you wanna
still grab that coffee oh no actually
I'm a kind of running late for a meeting
right now but anyone do this next week
sure why not
another solid sign is if whenever the
two of you hang out he's always wearing
his coolest clothes obviously cool is
subjective but whatever he's most proud
of in his closet
that is what he will pop on when he
hangs out with you and he'll make it
very obvious that he's wearing his
nicest clothes so like he'll do things
you'll mad me personally I like to go
with a mix of classy and casual better
ready to go oh hey oh I'm so embarrassed
you probably see this sunburn that's on
my neck what no I couldn't even see it
your turn lights probably covering it oh
you noticed
oh I mean whatever it's pretty expensive
but uh I'm glad you like it
the next thing we do when we like a girl
is to try and smell as good as possible
cuz it is a known fact that if you smell
good people are just drawn to you like
do you really think Donald Trump smells
bad because I'm telling you right now
that there is no way that people support
the guy for his politics the only
possible explanation is that he just
smells fantastic like fresh Carson makes
for the field roses so if a guy really
wants to impress you he's gonna go all
out like not just deodorant that's the
frickin Little League's buddy I'm
talking about raising the bar on how
people should smell and when a guy
really likes you the most obvious sign
he'll give is by letting you win at
things that he's really good at cuz if
you're just a friend to him there will
be no mercy we will rain Hellfire upon
you your children for generations to
come
we'll sing songs about the mythical
beating you took but if we're playing
with someone who we have feelings for ow
winning who cares you know wow you were
so good at this I don't know you keep
crushing me at this game dude
and lastly guys who like you are gonna
go the extra mile to try and relate to
you not to say that we're gonna
completely change who we are for you but
if you're interested in something we may
or may not pretend to be a little more
interested in it than we actually are
I mean with a little white lie what
the worst that could happen you smoking
and ecig are we yeah D smoke only like
all the time you know I've been cutting
back lately but probably like six a day
oh cool do you want some oh I don't know
I've already had so many today but I
don't know what the heck one more won't
kill me oh thank you for watching this
video and if it made you chuckle at all
if you could just do me a favor and hit
that like button that would really help
me out I actually wrote a list with a
ton of other points for this video that
didn't make it in only because it would
have been just way too long of a video
but if a sequel is something that you
want let's try and get this video to
4,000 thumbs up and if we can then I
will make it happen
also let me know in the comments what
you do when you like someone like
something that's specific to you me
personally when I like someone I just
start talking and can't stop it's kind
of embarrassing anyways make sure that
you are subscribed to me to be notified
of future videos as I'm making videos
every Thursday and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week
face
you
you
