everyone I'm Andrew quo and I have been
friend-zoned in the past I know the
feeling of being super into someone who
either just doesn't notice or does
notice but just wants to stay friends it
honestly just sucks but if you know the
fact that someone just views you as a
friend at least you can move on and you
know eventually get over it point is
it's not knowing that hurts the most
and that's exactly what I wanted to talk
about today just how to tell if you're
on the friendzone let's begin the first
thing to look out for is just how they
act around you if they're not into you
they should make it pretty clear by the
way they treat you for example if they
don't ever laugh at your joke
somebody who's super into you and
probably laugh at your joke even if it
wasn't very funny or at least like try
and add something to it but if every
joke that you make gets a reaction like
anyways then you're probably in the
friend zone or they hate you depends on
how much disgust you can see on their
face another thing to keep an eye out
for is are they ever talking about other
girls in front of you cuz that is a bad
sign and I think we've all heard things
like oh if he's doing that he's just
trying to make you jealous and that can
be true but I mean context is everything
like there's a big difference between
the probably into you that girl's really
hot how's that make you feel does it
bother you because if it bothers you you
should tell me I'm just kidding she's
dirt beneath my feet please go out with
me and the probably not so down ah damn
that girl's really hot I just wanna have
kids with her you know start a family
really like love our kids you could
babysit them maybe you were anyone else
who I have no sexual chemistry with just
in general talking about other girls in
front of you is a pretty dumb thing to
do if he likes you
like okay if you're in middle school or
younger it might be socially acceptable
to say something like yeah I mean you
know I I definitely like a girl I'm just
not sure if she likes me back you know
but in general I just think it's fair to
assume that complimenting other girls in
front of you probably means your friend
zoned another thing to look out for is
whether or not there's any physical
contact between
because when a guy likes someone they're
gonna find like organic ways to like
have a little bit of physical contact
and if he doesn't think of you like that
then physical contacts gonna be kind of
weird that's going whoa ah what I think
is the most obvious sign for how you
might be in the friend zone
is if he never wants to hang out
one-on-one cuz you better believe that
if a guy's into you he's definitely
gonna want to hang out one-on-one and if
it just never seems to happen or
something always seems to come up
he's probably just not into you like
that he probably just views you as a
friend or not even that I mean where's
everyone else they all bailed just ask
mom what they're dead oh that's awful
your phone is ringing I just don't like
you anyways that was the video I hope
that you enjoyed it and if you did could
you let me know by giving this video a
thumbs up I think we should try and aim
for 2,000 thumbs up that would be that
would be super that'd be so cool also
have you ever been in the friend zone
there's one girl who has friends with
and for like six months I really liked
her and then I got over her and then all
of a sudden she started to like me back
but you know what it was too late
so hey that was my story I want to hear
yours tell me about it in the comments
below oh and if you subscribe to me yet
because I make new videos every Thursday
so I better see you there and I guess
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
see ya wouldn't want a beer
you
