hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and I
consider myself to be an optimist I take
pride in the fact that when bad things
happen I feel like I can handle it
pretty well and that's why today's
videos especially kind of weird for me
because I'm gonna be focusing on all the
things that I consider to be
deal-breakers these are things that
girls do that honestly just confirm to
me that they're not girls I want to date
it's not even necessarily because doing
these things make you a bad person
they're just things that I myself don't
like and a lot of the points that I'm
gonna make are things that I know as a
fact there are tons of guys who agree
with but at the same time every guy is
completely different I'm sure that there
are guys out there with a list that is
the exact opposite of this one but this
is not their list anyways here are my 10
biggest turn offs let go 1 people who
make excuses for everything I just hate
when people can't take responsibility
for things like for example if you don't
show up somewhere that you said you'd be
or if you don't do the homework that you
were assigned and it's always for one
weirdly convenient reason or another
after a certain point your excuses which
might not even be lies just don't matter
anymore because if you need something to
get done you'll find a way to do it and
to show up and complain about how
unlucky you are just doesn't help
anybody to people that are flaky
basically just people who commit to
plans and always seem to find a reason
to back out last minute and honestly
this one applies to my friends just as
much as it does to somebody who had date
cuz I have one friend who does this so
often that whenever they commit to
planes with me I just assume they're not
gonna show up it just drives me up the
freakin wall if you say that you're
gonna show up and then 10 minutes before
our planes I get a text saying that
something came up
three girls who don't communicate well I
would call myself most of the time a
relatively social person but I feed off
energy if everything that I say just
feels like I'm hitting a brick wall
aboard them that's not gonna be a
conversation that I want to stay in for
very long again this one also extends to
just friends of mine I have some friends
who get so engaged with me in
conversation that it just sounds like
we're yelling at each other but that's
just who I am and that's what I enjoy
doing and so if you're significantly
quieter than me I'm just not gonna be
Who I am around you for people who just
consistently always want to hang out
it's not even about who you are it's
just it's me
I just always need a little bit of me
time and too much time spent with
anybody gets really exhausting for me
for New Year's this year I took a little
vacation with 10 other friends of mine
and we shared this tiny little Airbnb so
needless to say it was very tight
quarters and after 2 or 3 nights
it got cramped fast I was just so happy
to go home and to just finally have a
bed to myself five people who are rude
to waiters or staff to me that's
probably one of the most disgusting
things I could see somebody else do just
in general seeing you treat someone
completely differently than how you
treat me it just makes me question what
you really like when you're not trying
to impress someone and the few times
that have actually seen people be rude
or yell at servers it's usually for
reasons that aren't even their fault I
mean damn this person's coming to you to
tell you that they're out of the food
that you ordered and they have to deal
with you yelling at them I just feel
like people in food or retail really
don't get paid enough for that number
six girls who need to drink to have fun
there was one girl that I met who seemed
really cool and our first date was in
the evening at this place that it wasn't
exactly a bar but it did serve alcohol
so when she got a couple beers
it didn't weird me out too much but by
the second date I started to realize
that every time this girl goes out she
needs to drink she jokingly called
herself a high functioning alcoholic and
while she was super cool and easy to
talk to
that was just drunk her and I realized I
don't actually know what she's like
sober and that's a problem to me because
I have most of my fun well sober
and I'm a big believer that you are who
you surround yourself with and that's
just something that I really don't want
to be number seven gossipers basically
girls who just make fun of everyone
behind their back it seems kind of like
harmless fun at first but right after I
walk away I don't want to have to worry
if you're making fun of me I like to
surround myself with people that are
genuine and nice because if you're a
girl who I'm dating or even just a
friend I want to be able to trust you
and being mean does not in any way help
then number eight girls who keep secrets
honestly this one is probably just for
me because realistically there's nothing
wrong with keeping secrets I just don't
do it I'm an open book
and if we're dating or even just friends
you probably know everything going on in
my life it's actually a bit of a problem
because sometimes I share too much with
people who I don't know well enough but
that's who I am I'm gonna want to open
up about things and if you
do that back then it's just a little
one-sided I just can't really keep my
own secret I like to get opinions on
stuff and talk about it I'm weird
number nine girls who are not
self-sufficient again more of a me
problem if you have people cleaning up
after you or cooking your meals for you
or buying you things whenever you need
them it just means that we're on
different wavelengths I wouldn't
actually say that it's a deal breaker
and then I'm horribly unattracted to it
because I'm not but it just means that
we have different values I moved out of
my mom's place the day I turned 19
because she mothered me and I love her
but I needed to learn to cook and to
clean and to do laundry and just things
that I couldn't bring myself to do for
as long as I lived with her and honestly
that meant for a couple months really
just eating ramen noodles and scrambled
eggs but eventually I started to learn a
little more and there's probably not a
single choice I've made in my entire
life that I've been more proud of lastly
number 10 girls without character there
is billions of people out there and
everyone has something that makes them
different and some people are just able
to show who they are better than others
and in no way does that make you less of
a person it's just harder to show your
personality is all I'm kind of loud and
obnoxious so if I'm dating someone I
just rather not always be the loud
obnoxious one of the relationship I
think I might actually be down to be the
quieter half oh man you imagine how
annoying of a couple we'd be oh but at
the same time anyways that was just a
few things that seriously grind my gears
I hope that you enjoyed this video cuz I
sure enjoyed making it and if you did
give me a thumbs up to let me know goes
a lot longer away than you might think
so I want to hear it turns all of you
off let's set some ground rules there
will be no judgment in the comments
because anything that you find
unattractive is your right to have
everyone has their own personal tastes
and I want to hear yours in the comments
below
unless it's horribly racist homophobic
or just something offensive you can just
keep those to yourself anyways have you
subscribed to me it cuz if you haven't
you are missing out my friend I mean I
do make videos every Thursday and I
might be able to keep that up the only
way to know for sure is to hit that
subscribe button so you never miss one
and crap I guess with all that being
said I'll see you guys next
week is that
