hey I'm Andrew quo and honestly today
I'm just gonna gush I make a lot of
videos where I give dating advice but
today I'm just gonna talk about some
things that girls do that I just think I
really hot I'm not saying that you
should do these things and I'm not
saying that guys are exclusively
attracted to girls who do these things
these are just things that I find
interactive so without any further ado
here's ten attractive things that girls
do yeah
2016 I'm gonna drop a fire mixtape hi so
number one I like it when girls can be
really forward with me let's be honest I
mean people play games I mean I'm not
perfect and it has happened where I see
a text and think to myself I'm gonna
wait to respond to not look too eager
but to see someone who just doesn't care
about those things or abide by those
rules
I shouldn't us really hot to when girls
are confident but okay hold on that
sounds really generic let me be more
specific
like getting a tattoo for example I mean
I'm pretty confident and I love the idea
of getting a tattoo but for life at me I
can't think of one that I'm so confident
I'll never regret that it's worth
getting so I guess it's more the idea
behind the tattoos in the tattoo itself
it says I know what I want I go for it
and I won't look back that is sexy 3 and
this is one that like for sure hands
down every guy on earth likes I'm uh I'm
a really casual dude you know like I'm
not putting on a suit every day so
because of that when I plan a date with
a girl and we're going like somewhere
kind of nice if she shows up like
dressed up I don't ever expect that so
when it does happen I'm just like
literally off the walls just like oh my
god this girl is so hot hey friends I'm
dating this okay so everything thus far
I think a lot of guys would agree on but
I'm not so sure about number core I just
think it's like incredibly attractive
when girls are ambitious tons of people
aren't Bish's but I mean I'm 22 and most
people my age are in university or or
working part time jobs and I made the
choice of doing this full-time it's just
a very different decision to make from
those around me and it's not easy
so by ambitious I guess I mean I like
girls who I can relate to in that sense
you know like they picked their dream
job they're going for it and they found
like you know at least a little bit of
success in it I can't even like begin to
explain how attractive that is to me
number five being able to
when you messed up I'm the type of
person who doesn't have that hard of a
time admitting when I'm wrong and I
think that because I'm like that I'm way
more attracted to girls who are also
like that the reason this is even coming
up is because I dated a girl once who
could never admit she was wrong we gone
to a fight once where I and I was so
excited about this I had like evidence
for why I was right and finally she
admitted she was wrong and for her it
was like the sombering moment like okay
fine I was wrong I'm sorry what was that
I said I was wrong I did it number six I
would just I would just love it if a
girl had her own place so I've gone on a
lot of dates but only had a handful of
serious relationships and no girl that
I've ever had something serious with had
a place of her own and I mean that's
fine like I'm not turned off by that I'm
just seriously turned on by the idea of
seeing someone seriously who has their
own place because that's a whole other
place now there's two options also I'm
sure that my roommates would appreciate
that number seven and man I'm just
starting more and more into like my own
fantasies now I'm just so into the idea
of dating a girl who values like working
out and like going for runs and stuff as
part of her lifestyle I am a creative
person and honestly the vast majority of
girls that I have so much as kissed were
mostly artistic type people but there's
more to me than just being a creative
person okay there's more to everybody
than just one thing and a big part of my
life outside of creative things is
working out and staying fit you know
going on runs stuff like that I would be
so down to date a girl who also valued
those things I would actually love if
she was better than me at some of those
things because I'm just such a
competitive person that it would push me
to become that much better age I am so
about girls who are independent because
I'm very independent
I just want to date somebody who's happy
and self-sufficient with or without me
and together we just make each other's
lives that much better you know okay so
number nine is kind of deal-breaker and
if you don't have it this is not gonna
happen if my friends don't like you boom
you're gone and on the flip side of this
if I introduce you to them and
they tell me that they thought you were
great I'm probably gonna have to marry
you
I've actually like kept girls around for
a lot longer than I probably should have
explicitly because my friends really
like them they can see things that I
can't and they know what I like and
don't like introducing you to them is
like having you scanned for any
potential threats that I might've miss
then finally number 10 just in general I
think it's one of most attractive things
a girl can have is the ability to be
horribly immature when it comes to humor
but mature when it comes to dealing with
your problems I know where my
combination of the two is and it would
just be like insanely hot to me to find
a girl with like a similar sweet spot
I'm talking like horribly immature but
then the flip side of that mature when
it counts so just a few points off the
top of my head I hope that you enjoyed
this video if you did let me know by
giving it a thumbs up and if we need the
twenty five hundred thumbs up I will do
a part two so if that's something you
want let me know give it a thumbs up
that'd be dope also I want to hear some
things that you find attractive I mean I
just bared my soul to you all so it
would be nice to hear some things back
so leave that in the comments below and
I will read them all so this video was
not uploaded on a Thursday but that is
my regular upload day so if you don't
want to miss another video make sure you
hit that subscribe button or you know
you can check back next Thursday I hope
that you all have a fantastic New Year's
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week
peace
Oh
