hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and I kind
of hate Christmas and before you flip
out just let me explain for a second I
grew up in a family that was not
religious whatsoever or even had that
much money so when the holidays came
around we didn't really do much my
sister and I got gifts but it was more
like thoughtful ones than fancy
expensive ones in hindsight I realized
that complaining about that sounds
ridiculous but at the time I was just a
kid and I was always comparing my own
experiences to my friends and it
bothered me oh hey Ben what'd you get
for Christmas but what bothered me even
more was how we never did Christmas
things we didn't set up trees we didn't
do stocking Santa didn't come I could
see the excitement for the season
everywhere I looked but I just never
really got to experience it the only
thing that I really could do around
Christmas was spend time with my family
and friends and so that's what Christmas
always was for me looking back sure you
know I wish that I got to sing Christmas
carols and set up a tree and just do
Christmas things but I'm glad at least
that I didn't grow up in a household
where Christmas was just that time of
year for my parents to spend a lot of
money on me because I know a lot of
people who view it as just that like I'm
not following these people home or
anything but I gotta assume that they
just go up to their parents like sit mom
dad this is a list of all the gifts I'll
be receiving this year for Christmas now
I wasn't 100% sure of your budget so I
just went ahead and listed all the items
in order of priority so feel free to
just start at the top and work your way
down don't get me wrong I mean I love
things I got a smartphone a tablet two
TVs and a whole ton other stuff and
without any of it I wouldn't be able to
communicate with my friends and other
countries or be on social media the one
thing that I've always thought was
really important was the ability to just
put all that stuff down and just talk to
people I actually think it's a little
ironic because my job actually requires
me to be active on social media and yet
I have some friends who have a way
harder time putting their phone down
than I do and it actually happened so
often that I'm starting to realize I'm
the weird one
I think it's time we gave this guy a
little time off and focused a little bit
more on our conversation no thanks and I
think it's especially important around
the holidays because now as an adult who
lives on my own I'm able to finally make
up for all the Christmases I never had
so what I've been doing is making all
these little Christmas traditions that I
try and follow every year so I can get
me some of that sweet Christmas spirit
I've always wanted now granted some of
these traditions might come off as a
little more annoying than others but by
far my favorite one is this annual
Christmas party that I throw basically I
just get everyone who I consider to be a
close personal friend and put them in
one room and we just hang out and talk
all night honestly it's probably my
favorite day of the whole year and it's
just so simple the point I'm trying to
make here is that I don't actually hate
Christmas I just hate what all these
commercials and billboards that we see
is trying to sell it as they call it the
spirit of giving but that's just so they
can sell more products I always say
giving as more of a symbolic gesture
like sure I'll give you a gift but it's
because I care about you not because I
feel like I owe you one
or just give someone the gift of your
time which i think is the best way to
show that you care I mean it's either
that or e-cards
oh hey I just got an e card from a very
best friend I feel so loved thank you
for watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and if you did let me know by
giving it a thumbs up I also just want
to give a big thank you to tell us for
help me make this video happen if you
don't know what tell us is there this
big service provider in Canada so they
would actually make money if we never
put our phones down but they're
basically doing the exact opposite of
what someone would expect and
encouraging people to expect more over
the holidays like not just gifts but
like real physical human interaction
because the best present is the human
presence they call it putting your phone
in holiday mode
as you can see from this adorable little
sweater I just put on my phone basically
just means putting your phone down for a
while and just enjoying the season and
honestly I completely love this like
especially considering my experiences
with Christmas this whole holiday mode
thing is just completely in line with
how I feel towards the holidays so if
you want to find out more about Telus
and this whole expect more idea I put a
link in the description and I highly
recommend you go check it out this was
really just my perspective of Christmas
and I've never really shared it online
so I'm curious to hear what you guys
think what did the holidays mean to you
and what kind of traditions do you have
this time of year let me know in the
comments below I'm looking forward to
reading what you guys have to say make
sure that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week
