hey guys I'm Andrew quo and I don't know
if you knew this but sometimes on this
channel I give advice related to dating
and relationships but I'm a pretty
confident guy I mean don't get me wrong
sometimes I'm weird or awkward I mean I
could go on all day but the point is
that the way that I've always dealt with
my crushes was with confidence like I
would rather go up to my crush with
nothing to say and just stumble on my
words for an embarrassing few minutes
than to not say anything at all hey do
you want some gum at least it's a foot
in the door right I mean it starts the
conversation but not everybody has that
confidence I mean some people are more
comfortable being the approach II than
the approach ur so today I'm gonna tell
you the secret to making your crush come
to you so no matter who you are you can
swim in a sea of dates okay so this
might sound weird but just hear me out
for a second if you're not confident
enough to go up to people and start
talking to them you can still make that
work for you it's called playing
hard-to-get what is that playing hard to
get is when you seem uninterested and
are therefore hard-to-get did you really
need that explained to you and this is
actually something that a lot of people
are into even if they don't know it it's
that whole wanting what you can't have
thing is it childish absolutely but the
second something becomes off-limits
everyone wants it more yo anyone in
there I really gotta go yeah sorry it's
occupied whatever you do don't come in
oh hey there and I see stuff that I
didn't means you know but with that
being said just being there is not
playing hard to get if you just sit in a
room and look miserable people aren't
going to notice you and least of all
want to talk to you what you need to do
is act confident wait I thought this
video is for people who weren't
confident what the hell man shut up
pretending to be confident is way
different than actually being confident
it's not like you're talking to
strangers or giving a speech to a ton of
people whoever you're with you're just a
little more you you talk a little louder
you'll laugh a little more you smile
more and you occasionally glance at your
crush and if you're doing this right
they'll notice however don't do this if
you're not with anyone just take it from
me
you can come across as uh odd haha that
is so funny
I have friends lots of them but all
things considered looking confident will
definitely get you most of the way there
but a lot of people aren't like me they
won't go up with nothing to say because
they don't want to embarrass themselves
me personally I don't care but I
understand that others might so you give
them something to say give them a reason
to approach you this could literally be
anything you know them at all talk about
something that you know they're
interested in so it's a conversation
that they at least have an opinion on
and if you don't know anything about
them then uh you're just gonna have to
improvise
oops I dropped my fat stacked wallet
pick it up trust me that move works
anyways I hope that you found this video
helpful if you did let me know by giving
it a thumbs up also I want to hear your
strategy to getting your crush to notice
you maybe your ideas are better than
mine so make sure you leave in the
comments to potentially help other
people out and if this is a problem that
you're having make sure to check the
comments for maybe better ideas than
things I have said believe me I'm not
perfect but this is just advice that
I've seen work subscribe to me if you
haven't already as I make videos just
like this one weekly and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next yeah
I'm bringing that back stuffs gonna be
changing a little bit from what I was
just doing but what matters is that I'm
here I'm making weekly videos and it's
gonna be a dope time see you next week
peace
you
ah
