hey so one thing that I hear a lot that
kind of offends me is when girls say
that all guys are the same it's just
straight up not true there's at least
four kinds of guys out there I'm pretty
sure once I explain them to you you'll
instantly know at least one guy who fits
every category so the next time that you
want to complain about guys as a whole
trying to be a little more sensitive and
only talk about the type of guy that
you're frustrated with anyways here's
the four the first type of dude is by
far the most confident some would use
the word cocky the bro
this guy's priorities are girls sports
and beer by far this is the type of guy
that I impersonate the most and at first
I just did except thought it was funny
but now I'm starting to get a little
worried I'm actually becoming him like
for example I've been abbreviating a lot
of words lately yo what's the sitch
tonight boys listen I know the belt or
at this club and there's some potential
there you get us in freebies I am Supes
idly for the Jays game yo let me get in
on this sauce nice and I'm getting a lot
better at drinking games this one's for
the Patriots
chug chug jump jump jump
juice gotta get that vitamin C somehow
you know what I'm saying I gotta say I'm
pretty familiar with this type of dude
considering it probably makes up half my
friends the other half on the other hand
are geeks geeks are the type of dude who
spend all their free time playing video
games and watching shows like Game of
Thrones Walking Dead daredevil all great
shows by the way but that's not the
point this is the type of dude who's
perfect Saturday night would just be
staying in and playing video games with
friends or binging something on Netflix
they're not usually super social with
strangers and they're definitely not
gourmet cooks unless you count nachos
and microwave popcorn but on the plus
side
they're never involved with drama
because they straight-up just don't care
but as nice as it is not having any
drama sometimes I just want a friend who
I can rant to someone who cares about
stuff going on in the world and
genuinely wants change such as the exact
description I would give to a hipster
everything I know about politics comes
from conversations with these guys these
are the people that are probably gonna
change the world one day but they're
also gonna change their diet yeah I'm on
the Paleo diet I actually just started a
juice cleanse um you know that lettuce
is filled with chemicals right so I'm on
the water only diet hipsters like
knowing that the things they do are not
mainstream like for example the music
they listen to yeah my favorite artist
right now is probably dubstep raindrops
this stuff is mostly rain sounds but
with some really hard drops it's pretty
sweet and if you do listen to things
that are mainstream they're probably
gonna judge you I'm really - a lot of
pop stuff right now and lastly you've
got the thugs these dudes can be great
friends they'll always have your back
but they can also take things way too
far but I do know a guy if you want to
make that happen these are also the
types of dudes who are unnecessarily
trying to create drama you're talking to
my girl what's your problem dude let's
do it okay but anyways those are the
four types of guys out there and if you
know a guy out there who isn't 100
percent one of them then he's at least a
combination like for me I feel like I'm
a bit of all of them especially the thug
so I want to hear from you is there any
type of guy that I missed do you know
anyone who matches any of these types of
guys let me know in the comments below
and if you like this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up to let me know and
lastly I got to give a huge shout out to
winners for providing the clothes in
this video if you don't know what
winners is it's this Canadian clothing
company where you can get huge deals on
these normally really expensive brands
I feel like this video shows that no
matter what style you're into they have
it and let me tell you it is always at a
great price like some of the stuff that
I bought this video was originally over
$100 and I got it for like 30 bucks it's
honestly gotta be one of my favorite
places to shop so if you guys want to
get some clothes winner is actually
putting on a contest where you can win a
$50 gift card all you have to do to
enter is to post a photo to Facebook
Twitter Instagram of some sweet deal and
you got it winners and use the hashtag
winners fav find make sure that you're
subscribed to me to be notified of
future videos and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next time
