everyone I'm Andrew quo and uh welcome
to the quo show today's tweet comes from
love and kitten who asked how do I win a
boy over if and other girls trying to -
okay so I'm a very competitive person so
if somebody told me that they liked the
same girl that I liked it would be game
on so I do feel for you my advice would
be that you just have to be the better
option scratch that that you are the
better option and that you just need him
to see that without like weirdly telling
them yo you see this chick she's dirt
I'm your soul mate so today I'm just
gonna tell you about some general things
that most guys like that you probably
don't know about so that you can crush
this other chick beneath the new love
this guy's fan for you so let's just get
right into it here are some things that
guys just love about girls when a girl
actually says my name I know it's like a
really weird little thing but if a girl
who I just met or have only met a
handful of times remembers my name and
says it I just instantly like her more I
guess it sort of implies that you're
interesting enough to be remembered by
them honestly I'm not sure why it's just
your turn on cuz my friends will say it
and I won't even notice but when a girl
who I think is cute says it it just does
things to me oh that's not good okay
maybe that's a little bit of an
exaggeration but honestly hearing your
own name from somebody who you find
attractive just makes it sound better
another thing that's really attractive
is when girls are just genuinely
interested in what I say just hear me
out for a second because this one sounds
really obvious but honestly not a lot of
people do it obviously if you like
someone you're interested in what they
have to say but I've seen a lot of girls
who don't know how to show that like
they won't look me in the eye they'll
cross their arms and be facing away from
me
and they'll just seem bored with the
stuff that I'm talking about so yeah
actually that's how I break my piggy
board and got this scar wow that's so
awesome
like for me nothing is more hot than
when I'm talking about something that I
really care about and the girl genuinely
seems interested in what I have to say
and it's like asking me more about it
and you can really easily fake this we
just want to talk about stuff that we
care about and if somebody acts like
they want to hear it then it just makes
them that much more cool another thing
that's really attractive is when a girl
smells good I don't know what it is
about the perfume deodorant or like
shampoo that some girls use but it can
be intoxicating and like the best
possible way I've actually had it happen
where
I'm walking down the street I see this
girl in front of me don't really think
twice and then I pass her get a whiff of
like her scent and then turn around and
be like damn that girls and now that I'm
saying this out loud I'm realizing that
it sounds like I have this weird creepy
scent fetish where I just want to sneak
up on girls and but I know the fact that
this is not just me science has proven
that scent is a very important part of
Attraction look at all these articles
that I found on Google that are
completely about that I didn't actually
read any of these articles but the fact
that they exist has to back my point you
don't have that many articles on a topic
that isn't true this is the Internet
okay only facts are allowed anyways
those were just a few tips on some
things that you can do to make a guy
like you hopefully someone found that
helpful but I'm curious to hear from all
of you what are some things for you
they're just instant turn-ons let me
know in the comments below I'm curious
to see the kind of weird freaky stuff
you guys are into make sure that you
subscribe to me if you'd like to see
more videos like this because I make
them weekly and with all that being said
I'll see you guys next week next time
you
