hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome
to the quo show today's question comes
from Cecilia who asks I'm going on a
first date soon and I'm a little nervous
what are some good talking points slash
questions I could ask on my date first
dates if you've ever had an awkward
first date let me know by giving this
video a thumbs up I personally have had
a ton of awkward first dates but the
good news is that after a while you
start to get better at it and learn how
to not let that happen the first thing
that I learned to break the silence is
to constantly barrage the other person
in questions
don't let them freaking breathe with the
amount of questions you're asking every
second of this date is the lightning
round on Jeopardy I don't even know if
jeopardy does lightning rounds no but
jokes aside questions are your best
friend you'll get to learn about them
either by their answers or the fact that
they're weirdly comfortable talking
about themselves for the whole date
which hopefully isn't the case so do you
have any siblings oh excuse me I wasn't
done talking yet god damn you're rude
anyway so my cat died and that's when I
realized that grande beef really looks
like any other animal when it's ground
up anyways assuming that their social
enough to ask you stuff back and that
you both genuinely want to get to know
each other you're off to a good start
but there are definitely some talking
points on dates that are prohibited
Baffo put prohibited by prohibited the
weather for example unless it's been
literal hurricanes and NATO's it's just
the awkward first date question at just
don't do it and for that matter anything
depressing really like definitely not
pretend to be someone that you're not
but if all you want to talk about is how
people around you are dying and how much
life sucks you can't expect people to
think of you as a fun person they want
to be around and if that's actually
where you're at then I just don't think
it's the best idea to even be dating but
don't let my opinion stop you oh and
never mention your ex just one mention
of your ex and the other person is gonna
immediately be thinking did she just
mention her ex she's totally not over
him what if she accidentally calls me
his name what if he's dead and his ghost
is always following her around my
supposed to like suck it up in a vacuum
or something I don't even own a vacuum
beside from that everything else is
basically cool honestly to have a really
good first date you just need to both
connect over one thing that you're both
passionate about so what stuff do you
care about movies art music sports
politics straight up just ask about a
couple things that you really care about
and feed off his reaction I'm especially
nerdy so I'll get into stuff like okay
you can get one superpower what is it
why
and if you're actually really concerned
about not having stuff to talk about
then have your date somewhere with
activities so that not talking isn't
such a big deal like a board game cafe
or mini golf or your place
anyways thank you for the question
Cecelia but I want to hear what you guys
think what are some good talking points
on dates and what's worked for you in
the past let me know in the comments
below and maybe we can all teach each
other a thing or do and if you want me
to make a video about one of your
problems tell me about it on Twitter and
include the hashtag Kuo show so I can
find it make sure that you're subscribed
to me to be notified of future videos
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next time peace
