hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome
to the quo shell phase tweet comes from
Carly who ass I want to get physical
with a guy but I don't want me to think
I'm a slut what should I do I'm curious
is this actually something that people
are concerned about let me know if
you've ever been worried about being a
slut by giving this video a thumbs up I
think a lot of people have their own
definition of the word slut but for me
personally I don't think it's a real
thing
like what is the word slut even mean you
can get called a slut for not being a
virgin for wearing certain clothes or
for having sex with one hundred people
but as long as those are things that you
want to do and that make you happy then
why should I care also I feel like the
words only really used on girls like
when guys sleep around a lot we're
usually praised for it yet if a girl did
the exact same thing this happened yo
girl no no handshake okay no actually
you know what I see why it's disgusting
who turns down a handshake makes me sick
no but seriously the biggest problem I
think is if you see the guy that you're
interested in calling other girls sluts
like especially if it's for something
dumb or if he doesn't actually know the
girl because in hooking up with him
who's to say he won't just call you a
slut after all see you later you guys
just me that would be what a dumb slut I
think a good rule to live by is to only
hook up with people with at least a
shred of respect for you or you can use
tinder want to bang no response
bye next girl want to yeah cool I'm in
want to seriously again man the law big
bro literally all day I'm live whatever
whatever anyways thanks for the question
Carly but I'm curious to hear what you
guys think what do you define as a slut
and do you agree or disagree with what
I've said let me know in the comments
below and if you want me to make a video
about a problem that you've been having
tell me about it on Twitter using the
hashtag quo show so I can find it
but if you want an immediate
answer you should come to my live chats
to ask me about it I'm live on you-now
three times a week giving advice and
doing other fun stuff so if that sounds
like something that you might be
interested in check out the description
below for the link to it and for my
schedule make sure that you're
subscribed to me to be notified of
future videos and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next time peace
