hey guys so a few weeks back Molson
reached out to me with a really cool
opportunity they wanted to invite me to
the Coors Light games where they'd be
free food free drinks some really weird
games and some sweet parties but even
better is they wanted me to bring three
friends along to act as my team
throughout the games and just share the
whole experience with me the whole trip
was just unbelievably awesome but the
biggest thing that taught me is that I
actually have really great friends so
today I wanted to share with you guys
what I learned and to show you some
signs that I've realized helped
determine whether or not you have good
friends first of all I was only
confirmed to go to these games about two
weeks before they were happening and so
my biggest fear was that all my friends
were gonna be busy and they were but the
first sign that you have good friends is
that they are willing to drop everything
to go on a crazy adventure and such was
the case with my team for the weekend
the first person I talked to was Chris
he's this crazy talented drummer and his
job is to actually go to parties and
drum on the dance floor the guy actually
had a gig the weekend of The Corrs like
games but the second I mention it to him
he cancelled it and started talking
teammates the next buddy I went to was
Phil this guy has always been an A
student and I'm not all that great at
science or anything but from my
understanding of what he does he's
curing cancer I'm sure that's a pretty
complicated process and I mean he's only
human so weekend off wouldn't be the end
of the world lastly I had to call my
buddy Nick this guy creates energy out
of thin air for real I've seen this guy
at four I am at parties amped up and
ready to keep going he's a student so he
actually didn't have to cancel anything
for this weekend because school has yet
to start but he did drive over two hours
from London Ontario to Toronto and
knowing him I'm sure he would have
driven ten times that if he had to
anyways we all met up downtown and got
on the bus that would take us the games
when we got there a golf cart showed up
to drive us the campground and the
second we got in it they handed us beer
it was pretty sweet they set us up with
a tent more beer and then they gave us
dinner afterwards there was this 80s /
90s theme party and that's when I
realized that completely forgot to bring
a costume luckily Chris offered to share
his costume with me which led to both of
us being a half of MC Hammer which leads
me to sign number two friends will help
a friend in need the party was crazy but
we knew that day two is going to be even
bigger and better
we woke up hi breakfast then put on our
team uniform and got some in
my friends and I are all pretty
competitive people so we agreed you take
it slow at the beer which was everywhere
by the way and to try and focus on
winning and right after agreeing to that
I single-handedly held our whole team
back from the first event of the day
relay the guys were cool about it though
they didn't make him feel too bad there
was a ton of other cool games all of
which I did much better in than the
first one like zorb croquet bubble
soccer water luge we crushed everything
seriously though we got 1st place in
like half our events and while nobody
told us what our final rank was I
honestly think it was in the top 10 I
personally haven't done like any team
sports in years but I guess when you're
on the same page you just know how to
work well together so I guess the third
sign that you have good friends is that
you work together well and play off each
other's strengths but with that being
said none of us are pros and I'm
certainly not at all an athlete but
honestly a good friend will never make
you feel bad for falling down or really
embarrassing yourself which seemed to
happen a lot that day more than anything
it's just about having a good time that
night the party was 10 times crazier
than the one night before the fourth
sign that you have good friends is that
you have to have each other's back for
example that night at the party Nick had
his eyes on a girl and so being the good
friend that we are the whole team tried
to go wingman him okay so in hindsight
it might have come off as a little
overwhelming but our intentions were
good at the end of the weekend we were
all just completely exhausted we sat
around on the bus home in silence just
thinking about all the cool stuff we
just experienced and I think that alone
is a sign you have good friends the
silence isn't awkward
nothing's awkward these are your friends
and doing anything becomes ten times
better when they're with you anyways
thank you for watching the video and
thank you to Molson for inviting me to
the course like games it was a ton of
fun and I hope to go again next year but
I'm curious do you agree with these
signs and how many of them do your
friends fit would they drop everything
to go on an adventure with you would
they go out of their way to help you out
you work together well and do you have
each other's backs
is there any awkwardness at all with you
and your friends let me know in the
comments below also this is pretty
different from my usual video but if you
enjoy it let me know by giving it a
thumbs up and maybe I'll do similar
stuff although that being said I'll see
you guys next time peace
you
