everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome to
the quo ship today's tweet comes from
Maeve who asks my asshole ex seems to
always be at my gym I don't want to see
him but I don't want to neglect my
workouts either what can I do okay
you've just described my worst nightmare
because the gym is supposed to be a
sanctuary where you let all personal
things go and just focus on getting dat
pump give this video a thumbs up if you
think that this problem sounds exactly
like what hell is gonna be like when
we're all there I feel bad for you Maeve
and I'm here to help you get through
this it sounds to me like you need the
Andrew quo boot camp
Addie you soldier the battlefields
before you your options are as follows
option a give up you don't wanna see
your ex so badly that you stop going to
the gym maybe you'll work out from home
or maybe you'll just stop altogether
listen me closely soldier this is not a
real option you are stronger than this
option B utilize your only weapon your
body if you think for one second that
your ex is happy to see you you're wrong
but they're not gonna just quit the gym
unless you make it painful for them to
be there so you continue going hell you
go every day and you look damn good
while working out I'm talking all the
most flattering exercises whatever it
takes to wear this son of a bitch down
the goal leaders to make them realize
that they're so damned attractive to you
that they gotta go and if this does not
dissuade them you floor with their
friends when they're not there that's
called guerrilla warfare and it's how
Vietnam won and if neither these options
appeal to you you're left with one last
resort
option C you just get over it you both
want to work out your ex might be a dick
that's not gonna stop you from doing
what you gotta do go with a friend if
it's that much of a distraction you will
get through this because you are a
soldier and a damn tough one at that
anyways oh thanks for the question Maeve
what would you guys do in your situation
and have you ever gone through anything
kind of similar let me know in the
comments below and maybe you'll help her
out and if you want a video dedicated to
one of your problems tell me about it on
Twitter using the hashtag quo show so I
can find it and if you want an immediate
answer
come to my live chats where three times
a week I'm live on you-now
basically just talking you guys and
giving advice make sure that you
subscribe to me for my videos and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next time
