everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome to
the quo show today's question comes from
simple chicka who asked how do you know
what a guy wants from you does he just
want to be friends friends with benefits
relationship what are the signs first of
all this is a problem that you've ever
had let me know by giving this video a
thumbs up so here's the easy answer if a
guy just wants to be friends with you
you should know right away honestly
we'll just straight up not be interested
in you like that so we're not gonna care
particularly to hang out with you
one-on-one or go out of our way to help
you you're just really another person we
don't usually like go out of our way to
try and make friends with somebody like
we're not thinking to herself hold man
I'm gonna make this chick my BFF we're
gonna hang out it should be so awesome
we don't think like that
now the difference between friends with
benefits and a relationship however
that's a little harder to spot in both
situations he's obviously gonna be very
flirty but if he actually wants to date
you
then I think he's gonna have a little
more class without retreats here he'll
be nicer to you and the way that he lets
you know he's interested will be a
little more subtle hey whereas if he
just wants to hook up everything's just
a little more forward and a little more
sexual hey let's do this thing
the main difference here is that guys
who just want friends with benefits
basically just find you physically
attractive and because there's no real
emotional attachment even if you say no
they'll just try for it with someone
else eventually and not be like
completely broken up over it what I'm
trying to say is that a guy who just
wants to be your friend with benefits is
gonna make his intentions very clear if
not too clear it's a sextet
but at the end of the day the real
question is what do you want most guys
will stop going for whatever it is they
want if you just show complete
disinterest in that so just keep that
mind going forward and always wear a
condom anyways thank you for the
question simple chicka but I want to
hear from you guys how do you decipher
what guys want leave it in the comments
below and maybe you'll help someone else
out and if you want me to make a video
about
you're having use the hashtag quote show
on Twitter to tell me about it and maybe
I'll use it but because I can only
choose one tweet per video if you want
me to help you out right away you can
always ask me about it overall my live
shows live three times a week and I
always give lots of advice and do other
fun stuff so you should check out the
description below for my link and my
schedule don't forget to subscribe to me
to be notified of future content and
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next
Oh
