hey everyone I made you a quo and
welcome to the quotient today's question
comes from Sarah who asks I'm going into
my freshman year of high school on
August 10th what kind of advice do you
have for I school mmm well better late
than never I guess anyways I've gotten a
lot of similar questions in the past
which is weird because for me my biggest
problem was always just waking up but
overall I feel like I had a pretty good
high school experience so here are some
tips to help you do the same and if this
is something that you were concerned
about or you just think that my advice
is pretty good let me know by giving
this video a thumbs up okay so today I'm
gonna try and breeze through all of the
biggest concerns that people typically
have about high school let's begin first
of all bullies bullies just want
attention
if you stand out a lot you're definitely
more likely to be picked on but don't
ever let that stop you don't engage in
their drama don't hang out with their
friends and just generally avoid being
around them and you should be fine
hey come on man hey speaking of friends
making them can be kind of hard
especially when you don't have any yet
be vocal about the stuff that you're
into if that means joining a team or a
club then do that but just try and find
people with similar hobbies
the next big problem is managing
homework honestly it can get pretty
overwhelming which is why it's good to
have a system in place so you can get it
all done and still have a social life
but that system starts with giving up on
trying to always be involved in every
friend's plans if you have homework do
some time soon you're gonna have to miss
out on plans every once in a while or
you can fail not my call I know I've
done it just trying to tell your friends
distract you try and work for an hour
take a 20-minute break rinse and repeat
breaks are super important and let's be
honest without them you're probably just
gonna get distracted and procrastinate
anyway speaking of distractions
you are definitely probably eventually
gonna have the hots for someone in one
of your classes and it's most likely
gonna be pretty weird and pretty awkward
because for a lot of people this is when
you start dating just don't beat
yourself up over being too awkward
because everyone goes through it and
every failure is a lesson learned that's
still my move all right girls frickin
love this pose anyways thanks for the
question Sarah but I want to hear from
you guys what are your back-to-school
tips and what are some topics that I
didn't cover let me know in the comments
below so that anyone nervous about
school can feel a little better also
shout outs to Scottie for being in my
video he makes sweet music videos over
on his channel which you can check out
right here and if you have a problem
that needs my help tell me about it on
twitter using the hashtag quote show so
that i can find it and maybe make a
video about it or you can ask me about
it on my live shows where three times a
week i am live giving advice and doing
other fun stuff my schedule as well as
the link will be in the description
below don't forget to be subscribed to
me to be notified of future videos and
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next time
