we are live for the memorial service of
Blake Redding son of Texas governor Dean
Redding who lost his life when he failed
his thinning exam last week at Vista
Point High School miss Michaels I wanted
to offer you an advisory role in our new
thinning Oversight Committee I'm not
going to be a mouthpiece tell the
governor I'm not working for him or not
with the governor with the fight hiding
in plain sight at all levels of
government to guard her influence to end
the Finnick we need you to help the
governor find a way there's still a lot
of questions that need answers now one
person ever saw Blake's body are we
doing this
congratulations your class has been
spared every single one of you was
chosen to receive a second chance at
life
governor's kid right probably used to
getting whatever you want elite belongs
to me now if you look at it like writing
is alive students are being put to work
at some kind of weight again all of this
is extremely illegal we can't break the
law we are them now this is an attack
everything you've been told about this
place is a lie no one's ever gotten over
they have to try
they can't keep doing this after him
or take the robbed person in power its
head freedom as we knew it we have to
stop
I'm leaving without her this is our last
chance at this
we're going to war
oh snap what up guys it's your boy LP
otherwise known as Blake reading from
the thinning new world order coming soon
very very soon wink wink to YouTube
premium if you haven't watched the first
one yet make sure to do so also on
YouTube premium I hope you guys enjoy
the film it's kick-ass low gang I love
you guys and I will see you soon peace
