okay here it is oh look if you saw the
last video I bought a pig with my
girlfriend yeah what yeah yeah that
right there ladies and gentlemen is
pearl Bingbing she's a mini pig she's a
gem she's perfect pearl Bingbing but
yeah guys as you know the next vlog is
entirely about her it's kind of our
first day living with pearl so if you're
not a part of the low game make sure to
subscribe because not only are we the
most live family on YouTube as you know
but now we have a pig named pearl
Bingbing okay so you're subscribed now
today's video is actually it's my
analysis of my fight with ksi and look I
know what you're thinking right the ksi
thing is getting old we've been talking
about the fight for too long and I agree
I promise this is my last video talking
about the fight until we figure out when
the rematch is gonna be but I figured
it'd be cool to talk about what was
going on in my mind during the biggest
internet event in history during my
first ever boxing match yeah bro yeah
let's dive in oh my god yo oh hearing
him say my name like this is the let's
get ready to rumble dude like you see
I'm like walking out like trying to act
cool and stuff in my mind I'm just like
fanboy and so hard so during the whole
ring walk I'm not gonna lie I was oddly
calm yeah I had one goal it was to beat
the SH out of ksi nothing else really
mattered like I phased out the crowd my
friends everything I got in there I
raised my hands and by the way to every
one of my fans and Jake's fans that
showed up at the arena you guys were
absolutely amazing I'm surprised that
there weren't more ksi and edgy fans
there it actually seemed pretty even
they know they can't touch us
boo boo ksi came out wearing the full
mask obviously and I did not see this
but this is oh god this has got to be
the cheesiest most cringe thing i've
ever seen in my life and I'm I can be
pretty cringe like I've made some pretty
cringe content but this is bad dude
he's in a horror movie he like turns his
head he's like here's the best part look
it I'm not even looking at him my back
is turned right I didn't even see that
we're just happening so then we're
facing off again I'm pretty chill
JJ's making kissy lips at me and he's
like he's moving him up and down it's
really really weird you guys know this
he loves to play the mental game and so
like still literally moments before the
fight he's like trying to get in my head
but again I had like tunnel vision right
now so no matter how hard he tried to
kiss me was not gonna faze me so the
bell rings we're kind of getting a feel
for each other he's thrown a couple
punches I'm throwing a couple jabs right
off the bat I learned that he's actually
surprisingly quick cuz I'm pretty quick
but he was he was dodging some punches
he was moving like at a pretty good pace
and again at this point my boxing career
I don't really know what I'm doing
but I did realize I was a little bit
faster so I got pretty comfortable yeah
big right hand right there but it's
crazy cause like I'm in the ring with
this guy who's this incredible
invincible youtubing boxing rapping dude
and like in the first round I'm big
right hand just I'm fucking this dude up
so right here like ksi does this all the
time right there like I don't know what
this is or how after a year of training
you're still doing this stuff like what
these aren't punches man so there's
about one minute left and I start to
enjoy myself because I'm like damn I'm
quicker than this dude he's sloppy ish
I'm gonna have fun so I turn on the Jets
dude this jabs are so quick like there's
nothing he can do and I know that so I
put my hands down just snap these jabs
out bang bang bang at this point I'm
having so much fun like I'm literally
just smiling cuz it's my fight I'm
controlling it he's literally at the
mercy of my hands I'm such an a-hole I
was like shaking my head and stuff like
yo what's good like what are you gonna
do because like again this is not like
the ksi we see on the Internet
this dude's getting picked apart in
front of millions of people it gets
really bad right here big right hand and
then watch bang bang bang bang oh one
more time baby it's just a big right
hand and then it's just a 1 3 2 3 all of
them land followed up with another hook
this is where I stop and I should have I
don't know why I did this but I stopped
and I'm I'm holding my arms out like
let's go bro what's good and I should
have just attacked him
I coulda ended the fight right there
what JJ is good at what I'm good at - we
can both take hits we both got really
good Chin's what that she does rattle
you it does faze you if you get hit hard
like sure you can take hits but if your
brain hits the edge of your skull like
that's it so this is my mistake just
stopping like that that's not gonna
happen again in the next fight it's
funny though because after those two
punches right there you can see ksi like
just oh my god that's such a flush jab
uh-huh bang you can see right there this
is where he started to respect me you
could see he oh because after this
flurry of punches this is where I saw
his spirit break ksi the internet guy
became JJ some kid from London you guys
know before the fight we were going back
at it playing mental games whether it
was on Twitter YouTube whatever like he
tweeted me once you're a pussy hole I'm
gonna put you in deep waters boy you can
do whatever you want to try to protect
yourself but it won't matter
just wait at Logan Pole and then you hit
him with these four punches one after
another I'm like are those the deep
waters you were talking about cuz you
kind of look like a bitch right now
you're a scared little boy you're in way
over your head I know you're scared
Logan it's okay to be soon your audience
will realize you're all you're not all
that and then again it's like oh my
audience is gonna realize that literally
I'm playing ping-pong with your brain
inside of your skull ridiculous anyways
the first round ends I go to my corner
you can see my coach is jumping up and
down like a like a little boy who just
found his first pubic hair I'm sitting
in my corner literally like almost a
hundred percent energy feeling savage I
know I just beat the shit out of this
guy and I'm not just saying this this
was easier that any sparring session I
had this year literally so I'm sitting
there and I'm thinking this is my fight
this is easy work there's no way this
guy is gonna beat me I even said to my
coach at one point I go you know Milt
why is this so easy
I have sparred potatoes that were better
than this so second round starts he's a
little scrappy or he started to turn on
the Jets a little bit okay I knew it was
coming eventually but still I'm quicker
than him he's a little sloppy so the
jabs at land land land every time
there's two jabs right there then what
look what is this dude what is this
punch what is that
who wants to go pro he doesn't even know
how to throw a punch my god bro
it's just domination literally it's too
easy I'm quicker than him I see his
punches coming from a mile away i watch
this he goes to throw the big right pull
back uppercut and then straight right to
the circuit oh and then again I make the
mistake of standing there versus jumping
on him cuz I was like almost like
patting myself on the back like wow good
job you're doing good Logan instead of
like actually boxing into the rope so at
this point in the fight I had full
energy I felt great he was starting to
land some punches but still just bang
bang there's nothing he could do to stop
me and then you guys know that the clay
through the clinch
that's my wrestling background kicking
in and in boxing you can do this when
you're in trouble or things aren't going
your way oh you even want to break you
can like hug the dude and clinch him and
get out of it and you can best believe
if I'm in a position that I don't like
I'm gonna grab the shoes to you and if
you don't like it suck my ass this was
funny Jordy was talking about how ksi
hits hard and there's like a four second
pause and then Joe Weller is I ignore he
doesn't live internet Joe just had to
slip that in amazing but on that note I
didn't think he didn't hit hard
I've sparred due to hit harder but like
he throws big punches and when they land
like obviously they don't feel the
greatest I am so disappointed in myself
for this so JJ fakes up and then he goes
to the body bang he does it again fake
up go to the body bang and then I should
have known there was something common
man it's happened to be in sparring
sessions this exact move does it again I
get whacked in the face oh yeah but I
knew he was gonna be like oh I hit him
for the first time so immediately
returned all those so he hits me and
then bang bang bang three punches right
off the bat don't give him time to think
and then a fast jab quick jab again guys
I'm in like 90% energy right now I feel
amazing the pool backs are still there
I'm still striking hard and then you
guys know the bell rings this this dude
oh my God look I've always been a fair
for I've never I've never been one to
play dirty but this kid is a dirty
fighter man and this hit after the Bell
like sure I didn't do anything but like
what's good bro you can see like I turn
and I'm like smiling it's you know what
are you gonna do and then Jay cops in
the ring I'm gonna be honest I have no
idea what Jake was gonna do I don't want
he was thinking I will say I have never
seen Jake this the word to describe him
would be primal I've never seen his
heart so invested in something like the
dude who is cheering and yelling at me
in my corner was not Jake Paul that
night because remember guys Jake was
fighting desi and again desi man you
impressed all of us but we all know you
were gonna lose Jake we all we all knew
Jake was gonna win that fight brother
Jake I love you for this bro I know you
were mainly doing it for me you were
mainly doing it to push me and make sure
I was where I needed to be for this
fight and Jake actually told me he was
more nervous and hyped for my fight than
he was his own so Jake bro you know this
I love you thank you man this dude
always got my back
even if he's gonna stop himself in the
middle of the ring so it's the end of
the second round I'm in my corner and
I'm at straight-up
I'm talking to my coach I feel great I'm
at like 90% energy I cannot be stopped
like I just won the first two rounds
without a doubt so the bell rings right
here I don't know what the fuck happened
literally had zero energy I was feeling
so good like invincible the bell rang I
was like what the fuck is wrong with me
where is all my energy God just
dissipate it in a matter of seconds and
I'm like oh it's literally it's the
beginning of the third round I have four
rounds to go how am I gonna do this like
look I don't know why the ref was taking
this time to talk to ksi but I'm like
leaning on the ropes I'm literally like
I'm sitting there like oh this sucks I
don't know how about to do these next 12
minutes I'm dead right now and that was
the beginning of the end of Logan Paul
so we start this is where ksi 1ups me he
went like this like he was getting more
and more energy so I'm still in the game
obviously like three two big punches
like who knows to JJ for taking these
and like like dude's got a warrior
spirit for sure that's the one takeaway
from this fight but again it
I realize I'm faking it so ksi would
land a couple I get him in the clinch
I'm I'm sort of buying time and I'm sort
of trying to get him off of me like it
looks like he's doing stuff right only
like one of those landed but Jo Weller
actually did a full breakdown of this
round if you guys really want to see you
should go check out his video he did not
land that many punches it looked like
because he was swinging a lot and
everyone in the arena thought like he
was the aggressor but he missed most of
them and when it comes to significant
strikes there was less than three so
about halfway through the third this is
definitely where the table started to
turn like check this out I throw this
big right hand bang get him across the
chin but he's like now I'm not done yet
but again he missed that punch but look
when you play it in fast motion it looks
like he lands it but I was robbed man
from this fight I think most people that
watch it back afterwards realize but
damn this sucks and listen you can hear
the commentators say he's landing now
he's landing now no he's not but it
looked like it cuz his hands are flying
everywhere story of the fight man ksi
misses with a big right hand
Jordie is so right he goes Logan's
looking a little bit tired now yeah yeah
man literally had zero in my tank I was
just faking it at this point so this is
where he threw me
I was not happy about that man for me
it's frustrating cuz it's like dude if
you want to throw me again let's do MMA
let's make the rematch happen in the
Octagon but I know you won't do that cuz
you're a little bitch and you're using
your own words and you have to fight
dirty you throw me down in a boxing
match just like bro I've said it before
you are a scumbag of a fighter I cannot
wait to hit you so hard you forget how
to make youtube videos that's right I
said it
bell rings and around three look at me
literally bend over first thing I do I'm
like holy Shh coach sat me down yo
what's going on I'm like I don't know
man he's like yo you what are you tired
I'm like yeah I'm tired coach he goes
motherfuck tell me you know get tired
which I did I did tell him that all
through training camp we'd be running
stairs running whatever doing sprints
and he'd be like you tired in every
trying to be like you know a man I
thought I'd be like I don't get tired
but I don't know something happened in
this fight we're like all my energy was
drained so quick so I look at him I'm
like yeah coach I lied I'm freaking
tired now no you're not this is your
fight get up there and like so it's
round four I'm like I at this point I
got to play smart so I made a mental
note before this round I'm like I'm
literally gonna cruise through this
round so I can have enough energy to win
the fifth round and get that four to
decision pretty much everything I'm
throwing here it's a little sloppy it's
to keep him off me keep me looking busy
but this was 100% definitely is round he
just controlled it his sort of scrappy
movements and energy played to his
advantage here this part was interesting
we got in this clinch here and I push
him over and he like a like he's so
dramatic he puts both arms out and he's
just playing himself on the ropes you
can see my arm is cocked back and I made
the decision not to break his ribs I'm a
good sport about it next time I'm going
to it's a fight so I definitely should
have been an asshole my pit what's my
pig doing Pearl Bingbing what are you
doing she's so cute that pearl Bingbing
on Instagram by the way so it's n around
for you could see I'm in the corner I am
dying bro like this is death to me if
you've ever felt this feeling before it
might be the worst feeling in the world
just completely out of energy but
knowing you still have more to do and
this is where the mental game comes in
luckily this is what I've been training
my whole entire life for fifth round
this is it I saved up enough energy
right away comes out of the back right
so I knew I was gonna win this round I
told myself again
if I like the fight was under my control
if I wanted to win around I could do it
the only thing I was playing with was
the levels of energy I had this is the
moment right here that won me this round
so right here he starts doing this duck
thing and I hit him with one punch right
there on the side of his head and he
must have been rattled a little bit like
he was guarding but it was strictly
defensive I want to win on the offense
and just through a flurry of punches and
as I'm throwing these I'm like dude I
hope one of these knocks him out because
if this doesn't work I have no energy
left this face right here this is the
face of disappointment that you still
have a round and a half to
so I turn around I'm like oh yeah I'm
still fighting okay so we get in there
and then again just sloppy boxing from
both of us it's just exhaustion but he
doesn't make that final push that would
have run hit one hand around back so
it's the other on fire I look fast
forward to do this look I'm just leaning
on the ropes oh my god I can't emphasize
enough how dead I am I don't even need a
trained boxing this next for the rematch
duty if I just have more energy can you
imagine if I didn't get tired
the fights mine easy this dude's not
boxing he's like backyard brawling oh my
god I feel I feel bad for myself so it's
the final round at this point ksi didn't
finish me like he said he was gonna do
in the fourth round
I didn't finish him like I said I was
gonna be doing the third round we both
realized that we're being warriors and
this is gonna be a dogfight
unfortunately for me at this point the
fight I was a bag of wet noodles that's
that's the best way to describe me look
it okay I pushed me at one point and the
ref turns his back I literally take a
break and I just sit on the ropes like
that him be a maverick like who tells
you you're not allowed to do that during
the middle of a boxing match I'm a rule
breaker baby read the merge read the
frickin merge dude by the way if you
haven't copped it yet you know where to
do so link in description
or look appalled calm slash shop so put
quite simply this six round mentally I
was sent back into the third grade this
is where I was not quicker than him I
wasn't anything better than him so he
was able to land these big punches and
again if he didn't knock me out I'm just
the type of dude like I could take these
hits so unless I go unconscious like you
know I'm still gonna keep coming forward
oh my god this is so this is just a dog
fight got to give it to a man gotta give
it to him don't like the kid but got to
give it to him so there's about 15
seconds left when I say I'm on the verge
of death it's not a joke literally he's
just bang bang head shot body shot I am
about to collapse I'm like when is this
bell ring bell rings this might be the
greatest moment of my life like I was so
really the first thing I do is go over
to the ropes and lean over just sheer
relief and they picked him up right away
I'm like what I'm like bro you
definitely didn't win
to either one or it was a draw but I
knew I didn't lose and J told me the
same thing he's like yo you did not lose
but you might have had a draw and sure
enough dude raises both of our hands
just confusion no idea what's going on
no idea what a majority draw means or
how that conclusion was reached cuz
again I'm not a boxer I didn't study
boxing everyone is just confused my
coach goes that's good it means you
didn't lose and in my mind I'm like okay
but I also didn't win and then the first
thought was like damn the rematch is
gonna be that much crazy you like that
would happen that would happen in my
life where it's just a tie but
nonetheless it was fun I obviously know
going into it next time that if I don't
get tired there's no chance of me losing
I don't even want to sit here and like
say how bad I'm gonna be KS higher like
the things I'm gonna do to him I'll
leave that up to your guy's imagination
and ksi you know bro there's literally
no hope but I respect you as a fighter
looking forward to this rematch guys if
you're not a part of the low gang gang
gang skirt make sure to subscribe and
cop the hottest office merch in the game
logo podcast last shop or lincoln
description load gang thank you guys for
watching thank you for being a part of
my life and thank you guys for being
maverick someone's got to do it
someone's got to change your world I'm
gonna leave that up to y'all I'll see
you next time guys take it easy bamboo
