it doesn't excite me that my whole life
now revolves around trying to catch a
guy pooping outside of my box this is a
real life Rob this is an issue my vlog
yesterday my entire vlog was about
trying to catch this person by the way I
say guy gender equality right it's 2017
it could be a female yeah exactly but
you know what does excite me you your
boy got alert alert oh your camera
thinks you heard someone talking at 6:57
a.m. they go the gate is open and
they're climbing over the fence I don't
know what you're talking about
but yeah okay it gets bad notice some
activity 6:20 a.m. hahaha
there's a kind of backpack in a
reflective vest yo yo this mother no yo
he's peeing on my bus 100% oh my gosh
and then he just dips yo oh my god I was
like no one is just walking up at 6:33
a.m. we have her first call pretty grind
and he wasn't pooping but who's to say
that if you went pee on my butt you
didn't go poop on my butt again
sad sad that my life now revolves around
this but hi buddy how you doing what's
on your nose do you do it why you got a
wet nose dude are you good where have
you been putting your face it's an
interesting morning yo yo oh by the way
if you don't know who I am or you don't
recognize me because of my moustache hi
how are you my name is Logan Paul and
this is my vlog Channel welcome if
you're not a part of the low game make
sure you subscribe join the strongest
family on the internet we are growing
more and more every single day and soon
we'll have an army and we'll check do
you think I'm joking
never enterprise baby and speaking of
that I have my first meeting of the day
I'm going to right now I'm in an uber on
the way there and while I'm there I'm
just like checking over some of this
footage yo just real quick though that
maverick logo on the hood pretty damn
good luck on your boy did it right
anyways I'm watching through some of
this um it's crazy we capture everyone
that walks by the bus look we saw a
homeless guy like walking around on a
bus just kind of doing his thing we
captured a business guy going to his car
doing doing business stuff and stuff and
then I this one was funny we saw a mom
walk up and it looked like she was with
her kid at first I was like what's
happening and then he stood next to the
bus and they took a picture in front of
it so I'm like oh okay okay for life and
he goes he knows he watches the vlog
obviously cuz he knew where the camera
was and my boy flashes the Maverick
symbol and then dibs I couldn't tell if
he was wearing merged oh I don't know
but let's just let's assume he was and
if you have not gotten your maverick
Marchetti on the logan paul knockout
slash boo shop or
script leak hello Birds link in
description okay let's go do some
business business cotton dork I'm fine
are we allowed to say what's going on
there just like some top secret just I
wouldn't see what we're doing but we're
doing business so first he starts peeing
in the corner let's go maverick
interpreter say brother maverick
Enterprise y'all I do have bad news
though stomping it's time to get serious
we are outside my cool bus right now
it's right there you can see thank you
Jeff for the window and if you look to
your left you'll see the cord is
unplugged ah what is the cordon do it
connected it allowed me to use the
cameras to catch the pooper yeah I got a
notification a bit ago that said the
cameras were offline but it's okay I
feel like I feel like the guy's not
gonna do it during the daytime that's
just absurd anyways I gotta go good
stuff guys bangers back in the crib yo
guess who else is back
okay I have something to tell you real
high or something to tell you I'm not
gonna tell you yeah can't do that before
okay before I get into it guys I always
talk about being a map right look at
look at the neon sign I always talk
about being different like doing what
you have to do to accomplish your goal
that's what I did you know I say this
all the time but growing up in Ohio and
not listening to what everyone thought
whatever I did what I needed to do to
accomplish what I wanted to a cop here
is a really good example of that in real
life
come outside whether it involves not
sleeping whether it involves studying a
little bit harder or a creativity kind
of think outside the box bro okay here's
a good example
get over there look at this sign in the
window of the hotel next door they
rented a room put a sign in the window
that says Logan Paul I challenge you to
a rap battle on October 17th on w roof
oh that's creative that's marketing yes
I'm aware I'm a white guy but that
doesn't mean I can't rap in fact I'm
making a song rap good you can fly but
you can't hide what yeah look that much
tag boy you can't avoid it
I'm always coming for you I got weird
you telling him to lick your mustache
sure look at it yeah my next song no
handlebars a little rapping it's gonna
be interesting just a white kid right no
oh but anyways Brendan I wanted to show
you guys is Lydia - Wow
what if I told you the camera caught
somebody no no the beach actually last
one could be on the bus room on the bus
wheel
nice so he just me and rose up and
you're like oh we're like what you gonna
do what the fuck
like bro he's got some reflective
clothing no bro he could have just peed
on the wall and then he's also why is he
wearing a frickin like safety jacket
yeah that's weird like I think this is
like thought out you think you think
it's 6:30 a.m. that's why we meditated
yeah okay you think this is premeditated
yo okay I don't know what's going on but
I do know one thing needs to happen why
can't people just be good people
why oh my god it smells like pee right
now really because you just washed it
off yo this disappoints me bro I can
just tell by the way it smells that man
was not hydrated so you guys saw the
extension cord like I said earlier has
been unplugged again gate is open to get
out of it to get to the out there must
be some sort of like hoedown cookout
thing going cuz look right there that's
where the homeless people who I'm
assuming assuming hope of a bus
normally camp out I don't know it's
gonna happen tonight but it's time to
get plugged back in what do you see bro
I'm not even kidding look at the gate
Brendon bro the gates closed how does it
happen in three minutes
lady look at her you know Haiti this
makes me wonder bro I wonder if the
hoedown cookout has to be with them
still being here today because yesterday
I saw no lady I could just hop the fence
and plug in my claws this puts me in a
predicament because tomorrow I'm going
to the movie premiere for my friend King
patches movie which I'm in I'm an actor
broke and we're taking the cool bus
there we hired a driver there's gonna be
like eight to ten of us in the bus and I
can't poop outside it maverick is that
you can you put her on my arm
maverick doesn't have his wings clipped
I made out with your bird you mad she
does a dairymaid just like you say you
can get your maverick merch at Logan
Paul calm /op no chance she says that I
like your bird I have a bird myself Sun
Conure we can't really know if you
birthed a female which is gonna smash
yeah right haha anyways uh one fun thing
that happened today so you guys remember
that show I shot called Logan Paul
versus how do you make that I mean like
I put in the microwave in absolutely
another episode came out yeah they come
out every Tuesday on my Facebook page
this one is Logan Paul vs. small town
mayor literally was the mayor of a town
for a mayor of a town for a day it was a
Ruston Louisiana wait a second oh this
is the episode where I found conch I
love me come love me
hi no no this is where I met calm oh my
gosh Oh quick flashback you'll look at
this I need that I need that in my life
Oh guys I'm literally in love with this
animal
you're so cute he was cute anyways yeah
that was then here is the trailer for
that episode you see Ronnie
the thing about change is it all starts
I'm your new mayor I'm your new mayor
Logan Paul nice to meet you seven years
ago I became you arrested me is this a
joke
I am the legal legality look this play
my charming ready look again Oh think
about touching that play what does he
always go for the plate if we wait long
enough
like father like father like son do we
have a vlog Brendan I think we do all
right guys like it was weird like I said
it this morning a lot of business a
maverick Enterprise growing and then and
then I'm planning on a stop cool in my
mouth full and then I wrote the
treatment for the next music video that
we're shooting no handlebars doing that
the 24th so just like a lot of business
like corporate stuff today
you know this every day I want to
deliver the best content possible for
you guys so I'm not here
blogging my life away literally I've
stopped remembering my life and
like that's what I do for you guys low
gang I freakin love you okay so yeah
wrap up slogan Paul versus link for that
is in the description or my facebook
page slogan Paul you should watch
episode leave it a like it's really
funny subscribe if you were not a part
of the low gang during the strongest
family on the internet and copy remember
to open Paul Keim / shopper linking
description the hottest softest merch in
the game not to mention Mavericks the
different ones the ones who changed the
world low gang I love y'all and I will
see you tomorrow take it easy fan
