I'm fine oh let's start with that
Brendan hey I'll okay you probably a
little sick I see you guys know we've
had like a busy week and before we went
into it out yo I was already sick yo
blog love what I know you have a problem
you say I'm too many times am i right
nothing back what what's your problem
this housing problem the parents handle
we've had a busy week we went on Jimmy
Kimmel Logan Paul we got the cool bus oh
she shot a music video out of my head
that was for the past three days like
you know you saw been staying up till
like 3:00 a.m. good morning today's the
first day I have off look my man Frank
by the way hello again it's me plank
from State Farm what are you doing bro
wait why are you dressing like a charged
talking my music video oh oh yeah
actually that explains the mess no it
doesn't always a mess there no no but
more a mess today bro Frankie's shooting
a music video bro what is it I don't
even know this girl this give it a way
to turn the wagons apartment to my own
personal prop house actual the real
flowers girl from LA music video drop is
no way lots of music videos I don't want
Frank Beauty what haven't I got you
something cuz I love is your penis out
hi are you baby how are you look I got
you
what are you doing giving in flowers
come on came in here to do good things
I'm a good room I can't get up in a
while since we've seen that time you're
oh look you know I like Kong just
replace the flower he's like I won't be
a flower that's my dog okay I got my
breakfast burrito
so first home so first day off we're
gonna take those off but technically you
can do whatever I want since we're a
couple things that's happening manager
Jeff's birthday is tomorrow smoking to
throw a surprise party for him later
mark my friend mark ex-roommate mark his
birthday is tomorrow so we gonna party
with him later
oh my god gianni mota Bella's towards
birthday is tomorrow
everyone's birthday bro so that's the
plan but first bro my man you haven't
seen the cool bus
and I haven't actually gotten to enjoy
it like rearranging and just drive the
way out why I think we get the boys
ahead to like Santa Monica little beach
or something I'd ride the bus no
actually oh speaking of that have you
guys got your maverick murse yet no how
does Merson game go changing the world
every single day no thank you - look
above that go slash shop and I guess it
now's a good time to say if you're not a
part of the little gang make sure to
subscribe you'll be vlogging very
interesting and it's fun I get to live
my life with you guys longest family on
YouTube baby hit the button for me now
looks good oh this is granule it's funny
I just realized it like well Frank looks
so good bro I got uglier look at my face
where I broke out under my nose pimple
mustaches the guy stop zoom bro
come on in virgin see where they break
the toilet didn't break here let's hop
out hi Judy oh you got it / hi hello
what do you think of my bus
yeah it's crazy anyways back to the
emergency while I was getting the bus
I've been faced times me he's like dude
my dog broke his leg skiing woot Arya's
leg is broken
yes just happened there's nothing hi-yah
to fall off said the dog was like
jumping off the bed like his bed is this
high you I know but arias a puppy and
he's she's really unathletic
uncoordinated little they're so like
like snap like a nude what do we do
girls yes exactly Oh Lydia you're
already had this now the cool ambulance
this is gonna be weird because Evans
never seen the cool bus this is also
like a state of dire emergency so he's
not gonna know whether to react positive
or like go very how's aria well right I
don't want to like take away from that
but will you pick up the buzz from this
thing see just coming honey honey are
you okay are you this not supposed to be
bending like a.j dying we don't have
time for four dogs are dying dying ah
that's the Red Bull let's save a dog's
life
ah let's go how you doing back there
good I'm glad Lydia give me directions
to Larchmont Animal Clinic
steady this has been confirmed as an
emergency sirens going on we'll be fine
don't worry are you I got your best
vlogger ever which way I'm gonna let we
got a jam to the follow Jake puzzle
buzzer Rose me exit the vehicle merge
seats that depth go shut up about the
fork Judas emergency broke the dog's
dying
are you sad dad none of my children have
ever gotten hurt
a couple of times get on my child so
it's alright my dad how does that you oh
we got way too close if they put a cast
on Aria I'm gonna sign it like Jake ball
and you guys have any Forks no we don't
sorry dude we got dogs break your legs
II got girls need it for it's an
interesting day bro what is it not
hey Zeus crystal you use a cat cats
don't use Forks well we wait I just want
to point out it's a good thing this
place isn't crazy crowd you got a car
here and then if you look to your left
baby let's go checking our yo look who
it is oh you got a fork
yo dogs are dying fork for now it's an L
for Logan to that that's an L fork oh
don't no no tosses bands no no no Judy
no no Judy don't judy those are like
$200 glasses Judy don't Judy it's a
plastic fork you just broke my $200
glasses and Evans dog is dying
you need a serious life check Judy I
don't know what you just said but look
at that
they still look she looks like a baby
deer you know when baby deer are born
and they come out the womb like doesn't
look like a baby deer this looks like a
horror movie
amen it's me look look I'm not a doctor
I'm just a log but I would bet my
brother's YouTube channel you were dog
broke her leg oh I hope not either but
if she did
sorry Jake we're deleting your channel
oh off the site it's been I don't see
anything
oh I guess like push it back into place
yeah I see that to the movies bra you
know when like people break their nose
and they have to like yep yep okay look
nothing's broken that's like huge yeah
because now yeah now I don't have to
delete Jake's YouTube channel but right
now they're gonna sedate Aria and then
just try to like pop it back in the pot
I don't know but hopefully she's gonna
be good no we can't abort we decided to
throw a party by the George George
George the door's locked
yeah I know that guy yeah welcome to the
party bro tell me what happened to the
puppy and she's now dying started dying
and then died I hadn't had that did that
tell off the vet had died god rest her
soul oh I didn't go but look at me bro
do I not look cool link in description
to Kitchener we're inside we had Lydia
making little runs in a little run
occasions tiny what do you think bro I
love sex there's a lot of seats with a
maverick logo cuz we've adjusted the dog
does it stop saying that I just make it
turn up just put a condom on the dog's
foot so it doesn't get wet
yo this is hilarious bro I love vlog
could've put on the dogs but we need a
rag no no this is the best vet visit
I've ever had I married custom-made Eric
it's okay are ya we've saved you today
don't worry don't worry low getting I
got this okay the plan is to go to the
beach pick up Jeff distract him for your
surprise party which I don't know if
it's gonna work but I do my job let's
get got yeah
I hope you enjoyed those time lapses
alright guys we are in Santa Monica oh
man
oh just manager Jeff is here somewhere
here's the thing though he doesn't know
about this surprise party correct right
Livia I mean yeah it makes sense okay
his girlfriend Hannah put us up to this
Hannah what are you dinky I can barely
tie my shoes why is it my responsibility
to keep Jeff busy but I'm a savage yo yo
I need your big weekend tomorrow
tomorrow yo big day yo we're on top of
the bus I was gonna vlog about how cool
this is but then I saw that I've never
seen a dog this fluffy in my life this
is like an unusual like special dog is
this not the crook like I'm losing my
mind right now
you are amazing you're seriously
incredible fluffy I'm so jealous but I
had to put him in air jail bro Jeff
might come out tonight let's go no I
think my water just broke
no no joke I think it's broke watch have
it don't let go
No
what is making it stop be like adjusting
the position yo this is what I get for
trying to be funny bro don't be funny
so where's the horn on the bus I'm gonna
go rip them score it out oh oh it's up
and down bro I'm trying to fix it don't
we're ska great yo I like that attitude
no we're driving we're driving wait now
we gotta go to a surprise party
you said 7:30 ran away
did he not run away
Jeff ran away from me what am I supposed
to do oh you let me text him oh let me
thank them yo yo yo yo yo yo I'm so
close I'm so high one problem down we're
gonna try to stall Jeff some more yo
yeah we fixed us but we're kind of
hungry are you still here Jeff I'ma be
honest you need I need I need you to
come with us bro
just trust me I need you to come with us
if you don't come with me I'm gonna die
I didn't know you're gonna to run off
bro
they're gonna stay in the car I need you
to the law bro you're my title the
thumbnail
okay hand is your girl right but texture
and be like yo Logan needs me for vlogs
not gonna hate you bro like bro let's
just grab a meal you know what we don't
even need we don't even need to grab a
meal I just I just want to do this thing
with you bro thirty minutes to an hour
all right peace
holy jesus mother of God great cool
now what you're vegan please and no no
evening forks Judi hey morning me as a
manager or something
yeah sit down all right we have a plan
cog what do you say that's good to see
you your job me and you here at this
table
we're just waiting we got smoothies guys
Bailey that smoothie okay Horace I do
for this to happen
I need Hannah
I need like you and Hannah I just need
you in hand it together so we're gonna
go to your house and we go get Han I am
an idiot what do they think that's the
worst excuse ever I need you in Hannah's
you guys like shut up shut up you dumb
vlogger God why would I put in charge of
head you could all right I'm gonna do
this and we gonna have to put counters
that are your speed for another vlog
okay but we got guys know Hannah I don't
know why you trusted me to do that but
okay hey we know that's why I was being
saved no I knew something was up
of course I had no actual excuse for
anything until I saw you look at this
party I made sure I did that for sure
look we got a pool in the pool I'm sure
I did that but I made this pool
yesterday I've invented propel so that
was me no Gatorade invented propels so
if you go over here these tables again
me I did those ghosts you were thinking
that I was coming
I didn't account for Evan no but um if
you look over here hey uh that was me
okay cool we're gonna party hopefully
this dog oh my god you are a dog you did
that too today's a good I did that I
made that dog it is a good day for dogs
okay actually have to celebrate marks
birthday later as well I think when I
get some highlights for that in
tomorrow's vlog oh yo with that said
low-key hilarious well if you're not
subscribed if you're not a part of the
low gang do me a favor hit the button
that's a subscribe button of course you
do it great and wish manager underscore
Jeff a happy birthday on his Instagram
tomorrow cough your maverick merch logan
paul gondry go ken description happy
birthday
thank you hello gang I love you too and
I will see you tomorrow take it easy
vampire is the friend
