oh so she's bringing we're how are you
it's buzzy I'm not even kidding
it's like pretty blurry and it's not
coming back this camera hello are you
doing oh damn it we can't even do our
regular in try I stalled everything come
on
talk to the camera what do you think
what we got yeah okay first off my man's
big he's graduating improv class today
you're leaving right now for your final
performance right now okay get out here
bro it's like sending them off to school
give them Tigers can't wait yeah you're
my son okay I have enchant it's a bet I
bet you there you'll see me there if you
don't show up and leave me like last
time I'm out of the sketches neck again
oh you haven't seen this already heaven
bro no mercy okay go go anyways like I
said today is an exciting blog title
I'll click my thumbnail you've already
seen it we are getting a new puppy
however we recorded that's oh look low
gangster they're plugging for me bro
looking for that kind of look up all my
cops I stopped get your merch Mavericks
bro him to changing the world every
single day hi how are you I can't come
down but what I can't do is this
I'll see you guys today legitimately
gets jealous about us getting a new doll
anyways what I said was we recorded the
segment yesterday I didn't put it in
yesterday's vlog because that was all
about the house and how he like may or
may not be getting vasa stuff going on
in my life but the most important thing
right now is looking good for my boys
performance so I'm gonna find some some
stuff Oh black maverick v-neck oh my god
like a suit coat on iMovie looking good
the proud dad okay Bryan stop I don't
get it I'm getting naked oh good a
little bit like Conor McGregor for some
reason bro anyways it's time to go
okaaay so hi Lydia oh are you buddy I'm
a dad today your dad and Evans dad
you're gonna have a little sister soon
buddy no it's crazy don't worry you'll
still be the favorite
papa Logan going on to the public I love
everybody what the kids sure do you love
the vlog but there's one kid I love more
than everybody so I'm outside the
theater right now it's called The
Upright Citizens Brigade it's a big
comedy thing here in LA late as usual
don't know why I'm vlogging we should
probably get in there I hear collapse
maybe different hands so we're sitting
in our seats right now Energy's good
lots of laughter here but to be honest
I'm just excited to see my boy I am so
proud of my boy I'm glowing right now
okay because I can see your forehead
what is my forehead shiny and glowing
yep I meant like attitude Brendan I just
feel great my crotch is tingling where's
my boy having Evan I have never felt
this problem until that time I hit ten
million subscribers before my brother
broke kinda he's actually my son he's
much better than my brother Jay Paul
there he is area he's hard to see cuz
he's tiny
Evan I am so proud of you no matter how
many fences are in between come here
okay it's your big day and I'm proud of
you I got you a little gift
Lydia a big day I've been there you go
hey Savannah 20 minutes late by the way
yeah I was vlogging I do I do daily
vlogs I said leave that one I do not I
left a little later than I could
subscribe happy late Paul for long late
Paul vlogs kind of like but I get the
crib oh look like a chach again but
still a proud dad
yo this party party or no party I'm a
vlogger bro like I'm just trying to
focus and do my stuff I love our kids
look he's pissed too bro anyways y'all
saw the trailer for my show Logan Paul
vs. the other day well the first episode
is actually out now it's live it was
that Logan Paul versus American Ninja
Warrior seen the show with like the
ninjas like swing and they're like
American and I've seen it okay yes it is
out now I suggest you watch it freakin
awesome man
Oh actually enjoy the trailer the little
teaser for that episode are you ready to
turn me into the ultimate ninja walk
yeah American Ninja Warrior the ultimate
you know the American Ninja Warrior
Logan Paul the viral sensation six seven
ow
American Ninja Warrior how far did I get
did I do good am i yes anyways link for
that is in the description or on my
Facebook page it's Logan Paul shouldn't
be hard to find but okay it's back to
the the real point of this vlogs is
about the doll roommate Evan
yep yeah he's getting a puppy and I want
my friends to know so I George know in
fact if you watch yesterday's vlog you
know there's some problems with it are
you not subscribed
no no I'm subscribed I just probably
don't want you need this table you need
this so we are actually getting another
dog yeah it's cool it's cool I have a
roommate his name's Evan aka dwarf mama
you my god I agree cons are gonna be
number one and I think I'm number one
then Mavericks number two anyway so I
think it's time you guys to see the new
dog oh yeah good wait they haven't even
seen it yet enjoy it is arguably a bitch
big day how you feeling bro you know
excited bro this good this could be your
child right now I know I'm a dad myself
I have a child named at Kong too savage
let me tell you the joys of parenting
involve picking up food cleaning up
peeing and just constructs actually I
don't want to give a shout out to my
parents for taking care of me when I was
young and couldn't hold my pooping
thanks guys you you're real troupers
okay nice residential neighborhood looks
like puppies could definitely be bred
here by purple challenger I love you by
the way I just yawned it's the Yeti low
gay I think we're getting it back soon
get evac I get to have the Oh how do you
explain to a dog breeder that you're a
vlogger what are you filming for I
thought you wanted a dog yeah I do but
he's my thumbnail and cook baby always
at your dog Brook but once a week flat
dog I don't know why he went that way
well you already established which dog
do you want yeah oh so she's bringing
out oh my yeah we've we've lost nothing
baby bro the pitbull is gonna be stocky
like you storing the freakin yoke brah
it's gonna be your big day dawg what's
the dog's current name iris iris so not
mistaken for Isis the terrorist group we
don't want that I have a Pomeranian
Jesus Savage how do you think this dog
will get along with the savage any
chance the Pomeranian breeds with the
pitbull don't suggest it no I think I
think we might do that actually the pom
ball I like that we're breeding up
pombles now yo oh my god bro with the
new house the new puppy the new Yeti the
new school bus G we're about to take
over the Internet the gang is going down
if you're not a part of make sure to
subscribe because yo it's about to get
crazy boom what that dog bit my tongue
with that said future Logan take it away
thanks Logan yo it's a fact
anyways you're the vlog possibilities
with that dog just like you know okay
George I'm gonna go now yes I am excited
for Evans dog it kind of sucks we have
to wait like two weeks to get into a car
you motherfucker
what do you cover in your face you
embarrassed yeah sure you should be
ashamed
like a poop in his cages anyways oh god
I can't wait any longer bread
Oh guys as of tomorrow's vlog I will
have been vlogging for 365 days straight
and celebration we are doing another
exclusive merge drop you can't get it
yet it's in tomorrow's vlog but I got a
TV the giant and the exclusive maverick
long T t-shirt 365 days maverick slaying
both arms well gang is going to the top
this is like the first piece of March I
feel like it's like Street we're like
damn bow and just like everything else
we sell it is the most comfortable piece
of clothing that I own Logan Paul back
on slash out for that or link in
description American Ninja Warrior also
go watch that link in description and
finally if you're not a part of the low
gang - make sure to subscribe row 365
days almost yearly ok I love y'all and I
will see you tomorrow take it easy
