Oh yo he's doing like double agent bro
this is it it's rush hour you got to do
it now before you fact 9191 take two
guys I've had some good mornings but
today might be one of the best mornings
never because this is a new thing boss
the place what guys little disclaimer
this is not a brand deal we just like
everyone those frosted flakes yeah if
you don't like positive flakes you're
usually a serial killer anyways dude
yeah it's good morning I haven't had a
morning feeling like this good in
probably 24 hours no he's coming I know
I'm swearing a lot I'm so sorry for all
the parents whose kids are watching my
vlogs I'm really a good guy yeah you
want the cinnamon frosted flakes this is
the ultimate test here come on go what
do you see life's good today Kong okay
see you later
you know I got it it's in between my
legs
what does it smell like you wanna make
anything good what do you think happens
my boy like a unicorn grants a wish or
like you're like that too
I don't know bro just like be careful
okay I'm not even kidding frosted flakes
in Kellogg's specifically you guys owe
me so much money for plugging this hard
it looks like gold straight-up gold bro
call me Bruno Mars I'm talking that 24
karat magic in the air shine bright like
a diamond Devon I'm referencing a lot of
pop songs today here's one you guys may
have heard here Evan help me help you
uh-oh what did you do you've got to be
smarter than the milk Evans that hard
for you but I didn't cry making me in
bed here's the fun fact guys Evan still
has his like Midwest roots so he still
drinks like regular cow milk yeah I mean
yeah everyone in LA drinks almond milk
or like soy milk because it doesn't come
from animals I'm not a vegan or
vegetarian but I I have gotten sucked
into the almond milk trey songz a
Hollywood dog I bet he doesn't eat your
coke I think I grew two inches dude me
too bro but in my dick it's cool cuz now
my dick is 4 inches
that's the next level REE right there
that is some next-level responsive legs
you did good yeah you did good Kellogg's
he did good so here's something that's
been happening recently so we got Evan a
space costume any when he puts it on his
carpet he feels like he's in space cuz
the carpet is fluffy and it gives him
like the perception of being on the moon
he thinks he's genuinely in space
anyways yeah oh you're not in space
though
while you can't go to Spain oh stop
Jesus this is difficult
well you can't go to space Evan you can
drive a car Houston can you confirm this
I'm not Houston but you guys know Evan
the other day got these pedal extensions
and we're gonna hook it up to my car and
he's gonna drive wrong for the first
time ever yeah well we're gonna figure
it out today
okay guys I don't know I issued not
actually a challenge was issued to me by
mr. Brian Lake a a rice gum he said he's
gonna give me four strikes cuz I've been
like kind of sneak dissing him a little
bit in my vlogs I've done it three times
and he said if it happens again he's
gonna have to make a diss track against
me kinda like drama kinda like this
track so I'll let you guys make the
decision I said if the vlog from two
days ago got a million likes and a
million comments which by the way is all
just closed the low games goes hard bro
like you guys never fail to impress me
got bad well guess what I got it 1
million likes
1 million comments who would have
guessed yo I think y'all can you hand me
a piece of this plate bro yo we might
have some drama on the her it looks like
I got I got one strike left and
according to the likes and comments you
all want me to take that story but I
gotta use it like smart bro I got one
strike left one little sneak dish for
rice makes his distress so keep an eye
out for the snake this cuz it's coming
doulas yesterday you guys saw I told my
brother I was not getting a Lamborghini
with them I know it's sad we had planned
on getting Lamborghinis together and
becoming the lambreaux it just wasn't
the move for me bro anyways number 3 on
the to-do list merch cannon Heat oh no
damn it
I spelled hey please don't have that
thing at the bottom
Logan you idiot oh hey anyways let me
elaborate karna needs you to step back
yo
okay so inside of this box we have the
heat oh yeah yeah oh the other side
though what I'm not gonna make a big
thing out of this but this is the golden
maverick with my signature there also in
gold it's known to be the worst
signature in Hollywood not even kidding
my manager says I have the worst
signature in Hollywood look on the tag
here these are the official Canon shirts
1 out of 50 there's only 50 of these and
the only way to get them is if I fire
them out of the cannon at you so I think
later when Evan goes to drive around
will like shoot some merch but yeah I
just wanted to update you guys cuz if
you see me in real life with one of
these in a cannon look yeah about to
launch the first official t-shirt cannon
t-shirt t-shirt cannon yeah take two
I've got to launch the first for the
first emerge can t-shirt exclusive one
of not for sale for like probably a
grand and eBay bro mirrors are like a
weird thing I'm looking at this mirror
here I'm looking at me in the mirror one
thing I noticed about myself is like my
nose hairs dude they're actually like
quite prominent like take it out right
look I got it like what's helping me but
I gotta do something about that
also apparently I suck in shaving look I
got this little little patch here but
like look at that is my deal bro I knew
I was colorblind but I didn't know I was
oh I do yep it makes me laugh when my
voice cracks but oh yeah I can't talk
150 you good bro surveys given to me by
a low gangster last you
survey I've taken the liberty of already
filling one out you shave Wow and then I
circled down here I tried cuz I did yep
yep anyways yeah I'm excited for this
bro
it's your big that yeah how does this
work bro yeah show you okay so how this
works is the gas pedal goes through this
little slot yeah and then you screw it
on the gas pedal oh right and then you
push it so you can reach yes this is an
amazing bro then you can change the
length with take this screw and it can
light this change yeah put it on it now
yo 2017 is a good year for technology
and innovation indoors here let me let
me provide with light after all I am a
vlogger it's good yeah
normally when I say this I'm joking but
like it is Evans big day this is cool
get your big day yeah is it all look yes
it works no this is dawg oh now the
brake same case we don't need that one
it's all jokes we put the brakes on
although in life we're never stopping
but you look yeah you gonna put your
pedal to the metal okay so this is it we
got the camera set up here I don't know
why I'm doing this
oh wait yes you do cuz that's not what
this is the first time I've driven you
like anyway yeah after four years of
known each other for years of friendship
we're breaking this
are you a good driver bro you don't lie
to me not actually get a lot of
compliments how good of a driver these
people like dumb asses like this oh stop
no stop poet
that's called road rage I get I get
easily get road rage no I'm like so
scared to hit the gas pedal I'm scared
that you're driving we haven't even left
the valet and you're already cussing at
people yeah so Brendon you being a tall
guy it all has to be Grayson behind a
door Frank so much leg room Oh amazing
oh we're very complimentary damn that's
GoPro in science they call that a
symbiotic relationship Oh yo we're going
on the street Evan we are on the street
this is so good car on the street guys
this is absolutely incredible there's
cars there's buses well I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm a little scared so
I'm putting my seat belt on it's blocked
oh this is this is my vlog channel like
everything we do we have to do it like
to the max can you hit like a hundred on
the highway bro easily figure right
thing right
yo easy I like it so like you get angry
quick why do you think so they probably
think a kid is driving this car the
angry are you okay we are approaching
the highway bro honestly I think you
just go run away you
just go around the car oh oh oh yo he's
doing like double lane shit bro this is
it it's rush hour you got to do it now
before get back 191
make sure you guys like and subscribe
join the logo yeah bro
this job got me thinking I'm one of
roasted rice girls like I have to a dude
foot like bro he's a coffee I've seen
him wearing the merch L see in his video
my boys looking good in that maverick
merch yellow slash I'm like still
shaking I've never driven in LA before I
know it's it's not so I think the only
thing to do at this point is exclusive
gangsters I don't know
that's one of cookie I watched your
movie on YouTube I'm telling you right
now like I see that okay you're so good
I really did oh you got the shirt yeah
that's a special one shake one a fifty
brown you got it okay little gang that
is the vlog somehow my brother showed up
to my house moving in Joey's now if you
were not part of the family make sure to
subscribe join the low gang youngest
Channel a family how you do it's your
maverick merch link for that is in the
description or look I'm Paul calm /op I
love y'all and I would you want to do my
sign-off maybe you haven't done what do
you love you all that others see you
tomorrow take it easy fab Oh
