what's something you have we have coming
up that's like kind of a big deal that
we've been planning for a while we're
gonna get the Lamborghini case we're in
Italy okay so so so okay I got it
Oh God oh hell hi I get you did you
think Congress vlogging no be the dog
free guys it's a weird morning I'm not
gonna lie it's like one of those days
where everything is just like you know
what I mean as you guys know one
yesterday's vlog I issued a challenge to
mr. rice gum aka Brian I said yo
yesterday's video gets a million likes
and a million comment it looks like rice
and I will get in like a roast battle
dis track thing I don't want to do it I
warned him I don't do dis tracks to do
kill tracks cuz I don't I don't know the
line I'm not good at it my feelings get
hurt but I have one thing on my mind I
don't know what it is I swear to god
he's gotten cuter recently okay I'm
gonna be honest with you it was the
longest time people would be like oh
like you really loved your dog and I'd
be like no no no I like him I don't love
but now 100% fact like I love this
animal right here but I got a vlog so be
free no but here's the one thing that
has been on my mind Oh
can you cut the camera let me just point
out guys I started something with the
serial I got my man Brendan over there
chowing down on the same cereal it's
good right not to mention Lydia broke
Captain Crunch took us all home today
dia and we got my boy Colleen it yo he's
a savage that's actually probably not
good hey buddy I don't know how you got
that but you can't have it cuz you'll
die honestly I feel like the world's my
oyster today like we could do anything
bro we could what would you say that's
such a good idea maverick said it not me
I'm not a bad guy okay first obviously
we need to stop this thing with Merc
which by the way yo you guys are eating
up too much legitimately a movement of
passionate people working hard to follow
their dreams I'm not going to get cheesy
right now but god damn that's incredible
don't want to wake up Evan if you have
not yet get your March to look about
like on slash shop or thing and
description cereal is a cool part of
this melons for games disclaimer this is
part of the reason we're getting kicked
out yes I have the conscious choice to
not do this but then how would I get
subscribers
oh good luck a much deeper marsh
projectile no yeah we have run out of
co2 this is no bueno cuz I gotta watch
the merch candy oh no that could have
meant drugs anyways we need to get these
refilled Lydia okay maverick hunter
shoulder bro the first pace already and
you refill these co2 chamber cartridges
cool that was easy
to-do list number one get co2 Lydia is
taking care of that number two yeah okay
so I'm a good serious for a second I am
NOT giving the Lamborghini with my
brother no Lambros the whole like Jake
pranking me all that stuff and I'll
explain but yeah okay first let's focus
on this step number one point five we're
going to the store cuz Evan needs a
laptop yeah but cool I sort of feel like
I should have sat down and done like a
dramatic YouTube reveal that I'm not
getting the Lambo cuz it's like kind of
a big deal here's the background if you
guys do not know cuz this this the whole
decision to get a Lamborghini happened a
while ago first my brother Jake on my on
my ski birthday tricked me told me he
got me a Lambo like multiple times it
was cruel to just watch
and then being the Maverick that I am I
was just acting on my feet I was like
skew Jake the only way I can get you
back right now is if I actually go out
and buy a Lambo there's only one way I
can come back to this and it's if I see
things a lot today and buy an action
over the next week actually went to the
Lamborghini store and customized a 2018
Lamborghini had a cotton perform on ten
I had you guys comment and actually pick
the color for me like guys I like this
car in I gave my thirty thousand dollar
deposit back here
okay I'm gonna continue put on my thirty
thousand dollar deposit guys like this
car is $350,000 I thought I was gonna
get it I had merch made and everything
allowed Lambros merch cuz me and my
brother were both getting Lambo Lambos
brothers Lambros it's stupid I have my
reasons which I'll get into shortly evan
is reaching for our friends duty but
anyways we are here at the store heavens
need ya Mac Mac and Cheese MacBook Pro
that was funnier than my joke I know
this is the right decision look look
here's the thing when you're buying a
piece of technology the important thing
about you is that you have a Rolex right
exact cool so that's that's yeah that's
pretty that's I don't know anything I'm
so full of you know what this is me
either but it looks like some sort of
Wi-Fi connection think we need one of
these for the new crib bro you need that
fast Wi-Fi we need that Wi-Fi that's
gonna make girls go she's still playing
with it but she's never see some space
she's never seen anything like it
I'm pretty sure they have Wi-Fi in
Spanish mmm no am i racist does it make
me racist if I don't know if they have
Wi-Fi in Spain I'm in the clear right
it's a little why is it boy
what know you I love my Spanish audience
like dude I want to go to Spain and say
what's up to all you in the low gang Bad
News Bears it's funny that it's not
funny but Evan just said the word poor
and about being poor it appears as if
Evans poor his account is locked and you
can't buy his map they used to do wine
and a live long enough I have money
look it closely on his phone it says
he's on the phone with his mother are
you why you so I know you know what's
gonna make this better if we spread out
and make it look like he's alone it'll
be hilarious
hi sweetie let's waste my time what Evan
Evan enjoy goodbye for you bro yeah just
pay me back
I'm your amigos see then approve that
Amex don't get the client like a
roommate a Rolex it's he's too poor I
love my roommate back with frogs he's
too poor because Evans up for it just
vine died and things went downhill from
there back in the crib oh you owe me
$4,000 but it's okay Logan I'm not even
tripping because by the way Judi you can
get your virtual over too though is what
we should address no Lambo it's kind of
sad Jake's gonna have a sad reaction
when I tell him but here's why guys it's
just not the move from by the way I've
lived here for like six months I don't
think I've ever sat here anyways here's
why it's not the move for me one listen
this is the biggest thing I'm not like a
huge car guy like I like trucks and cars
and driving fast and I don't know if you
guys know this but Jake is obsessed with
cars like I remember once we were
talking about like what we want to do
when we're older and his answer was like
dude I just want to drive cars obviously
like he wants to do more stuff than that
but like that's like he just loves
driving beep Logan Logan Paul not so
much having Lambo is cool but I wouldn't
love the Lambo because it was a Lambo my
rush my high would be getting it because
like I'm 22 and like it's not something
I should be doing but screw it cuz it's
kind of a risk which like isn't a good
reason to get a 350 thousand dollar VM
and then I was like yo I can put this
money towards a house like a dope house
that we live in and and that's what I
did which by the way I cannot wait to
show you guys it's like like like
literally staying in here right now
this is me off like I find myself just
hitting the table I'm like a new boy
surprise he's number three I bought the
4x4 G Wagon squared the Yeti you guys
are you guys know the love of it I'm
just going to say
I think I was trying to say you guys
know and love the Yeti yes like I got it
don't be a cool by the time you guys see
it's gonna be even dope or why do I need
a Lamborghini anyways
Jake I'm sorry bro here's why this is
also a big deal since the Lambo is our
2018 Hadouken Jake and I were planning
on flying to Italy together to pick them
up at the Lamborghini Factory pretty
much like as soon as they were done in
the production we were gonna make a big
thing out of it spend like a week there
vlogging maybe go to the what's what's
the really fast highway called the
Autobahn the Autobahn then they find out
they're not gonna let us drive them in
Europe because you need like a special
license or something there's so many
reasons so I'm going to Jake's house
right now tell them I have a surprise
I'm just gonna tell them like I bought
it I got us all like first-class tickets
to Italy and then I'm gonna say just
kidding also I'm not gonna Lamborghini
he's gonna be devastated I am again I'm
sorry Jake okay yo so apparently Jake is
not allowed to film in his old house so
this is like the new team 10th house it
still feels and sounds very ratchet oh
this is chaos stuff we can't film at our
house yeah what do the happy people I
don't know why that happened really yeah
alright so apparently my brother lost a
couple brain cells in the past day or
two it was when I fell on stage at the
Teen Choice
yeah I just I just wanted silence
because uh they're kind of like little
rascals in there bro out there okay what
are you doing here I came to surprise
you I came with a surprise
yeah came bearing I'm gonna tell you
what's something okay what's something
you have we have coming up that's like
kind of big
we've been planning for a while we're
gonna get the Lamborghinis we're in
Italy okay so so so okay I got it off
first-class tickets your crew and my
crew we got the hook up
first-class ting stately
there and back okay no I think we should
take a seat for this is kind of big deal
yeah come on this is your title and
thumbnail because I feel like it is yes
yep nope this is a little difficult for
me mm-hmm
the energy is good right now spirits are
high
I feel like I might like set up a little
bit I am NOT getting a Lamborghini with
you
got'em I'm just kidding I am know what
actually yo if you buy mine they'll give
me my security deposit back I'm not
gonna steal a borghini Jake died serious
this is real I'm backing out you know
he's so I know Jake he's so flustered he
can't even not make a joke and just piss
what do you think what's going through
my thighs one no cuz you bought a house
I bought a house I use the money to buy
a house got a Yeti bro I already have a
cool car I'm not a big as car guy as you
bro yeah I'm just taking it all in over
here yeah I know I seize we've been
planning this for six months now yeah
it's a really big view actually I had to
say one thing
you're a bitch it's kind of right guys
he's kind of right it's just the public
announcement a PSA I'm I'm no longer
getting a Lamborghini with my brother
so no more Lambros no more Lambros so
everyone who bought those shirts get
lost in refund it's just lamb bro it's
Jake if you guys cover the s like you
can just do Jay Jay Paul family I'm
going to pottery class bye Jay you are a
bitch
okay so uh he's upset I can tell cuz he
just kept making jokes like not one
point he's like ah and that's like my
defense mechanism to I just like make
comedy out of everything especially when
it gets serious feel bad but just like
it's just not the move for me and I
realized that it just it's not it's not
me bro with that said looking that is
the vlog there are people I don't know
how they found this house already but if
you're not a part of the low gang make
sure to subscribe you're growing
everyday we are the strongest family on
YouTube and that's something I like I'm
proud of it y'all should be too do not
forget guys don't be afraid to be
different be passionate be unique and be
a maverick low gang I love y'all and I
will see you tomorrow merch link in
description take it easy Ben booth oh
well you hit that's not my fault
did you come forward no not at all
