smart design you good money who is Mark
- I'm good really good like really
really good because we got another
awesome yeah guys it's dude it's just
going down always if you new to the
channel which you might be because we
are gaining a lot of new family members
every day welcome to the low game we are
savages we are the best and we are
maverick see around here we yeah thank
you maverick see around here we like to
break the rules challenge society we do
our own thing we're unique we're
different but that's ok baby we're
probably the word maverick itself means
someone who is independent in thought
and action that's me I'm a vlogger bro
that's you like look I talked to my fake
roommate cardboard cutout hi how are you
heaven ok cool he's never gonna respond
because he's not read any ways as you
guys know we just dropped a bunch of new
merch the hottest including the famous
Yeti backpack these are this close to
selling out guys we've sold like way
more than I would have ever expected
then again not really cuz that's firing
y'all Loco it's good to have you back
the low getting miss you buddy don't
worry we saved you from your kidnapper
Eila anyways what you got there bro you
got a plate ok I'm gonna take it from
you and then just watch oh yeah guys
this is probably why they're kicking me
a high Brendan camera anyways yeah this
is probably why I'm giving you a victim
to do list number one find new house to
live because apparently I'm not capable
of being an adult living with other
adults in an apartment that requires a
little responsibility that my simple
mind clearly cannot handle because I'm
not vlogger bro hey guys you know what
being a victim we got like 54 days to
find a house hey bro what are we gonna
do
still not respond live dude save life ok
I think me and squad are going to
Beverly Hills so let's roll ok we are
here at Creative Artists Agency this is
my acting and entertainment agency
otherwise known as C hey hey these are
the ones who helped me become a movie
star from Target calm thanks Olivia
anyways we're not a lot of film inside
cuz like there's like celebrities always
walking in and out but I'm gonna go
inside and take over the world I'll see
you guys later step one to becoming a
movie star sushi manager Jeff agent Paul
and agent avi the missing agent Jeff he
will be here in a little bit but yes
sushi board meeting so it's coming down
thanks Jeff I appreciate that
enthusiastic vlog man October let me
just say yeah you look spicy with the
Maverick hat and the gravy neck yeah
damn we gotta hook you two up I think I
have something actually I have something
better than merge bro it's this isn't
even released bro you do a fanny pack
smell a fanny pack rock it's not even
available but I don't even know why I
have that thanks for giving me movie
rose I appreciate it hey we finished our
meeting and across the way I see Brendon
and Lydia running around with Carl there
they are doing Kong montages I can only
imagine what that looks like
was that a montage bro that was a car
montage too long since we had a come on
I know bro the the Kong Taj's
No call me my agent Paul his first name
is my last name and look uncle Jeffrey
yeah he actually needs an agent bro
you're calling you need an agent hey you
just got signed out my vision for Kong's
entertainment career is like we make
another Kong like King Kong right but it
just hey a Kong Skull Island
no Skull Island it's exactly row agent
King
next item in the agenda as you guys know
I'm getting into music lately but I'm
not a singer I can sing but yeah back at
the why don't we have boys boys look up
all that comes last shot where you at
boy why don't we why don't we find out
where you are cuz I don't know how about
to hit me with this line who you are cuz
no no I'm just kidding I think they're
in Dallas they're like touring across
the United States much cooler than this
all we still going like that fire back
you don't boo boo boo boo boo ass fufu
ass still gonna make a hit and break the
Internet as boo this song today is
called out of my hair it's about to flow
the crazy Logan Paul mop a little bit of
a headache from that but okay look today
hey hey okay but I'm not a singer guys
I'm not a singer I can sing guys but I'm
not a singer candles lit light sat down
playing Cody Simpson oh I've been there
for five hours sorry why don't we boys
this is not my house bro at this point
my vocal cords are fine apparently not
anyways yeah man we've been grinding for
a long time in here I guess said you the
hardest part about being a vlogger and
trying to sing is not being a singer as
usual I'm gonna give you guys a little
sneak peek so let's go listen to what
does this call out of my hair
yeah the track is fire - guys I'm
actually working on an EP like a five
song EP you'll hear about it when it
comes out but it's gonna take a little
longer to get the music and shoot the
music videos whore and money into it
blah blah it's not some like this track
boost to write some Jay Paul Bulls so
much drama on YouTube now but yo here's
the thing guys it is like 12:30 a.m.
right now let me tell you about that
vlog life the vlogs not done I don't
have a title I don't know if clickbait
this is where vlogging gets interesting
yeah yeah you can have some of my
followers I really know anyways
yo I have a fun idea our game and how we
can finish this vlog
oh no no no no you got heavier it's not
the same Evan when are you coming back
the low gang misses you piece of
cardboard how you talked about this this
morning man if you don't like watch with
my vlogs you look at me like what is
wrong with that kid oh okay answer the
question I can give you a list okay
here's the game we are gonna play blind
hide-and-seek no yes
you're like we just straight out this
okay anyways blind hide-and-seek we're
gonna put that new youth merchant mark
as a blindfold logan paul comm / shop
and then that's the point of blind
agency oh yeah okay so we're gonna turn
the GoPro on Mark's gonna walk around
and try to like find us while he's
obviously blindfolded I hope no one's
are gonna distract them or anything I
know you do well you're making things at
the camera don't know I mean our dad
might have been stupid I still know you
so silly right now but that much still
fire those yeah okay mark I'm gonna
disorienting you here you go
disorienting you go hey yeah okay count
to 10 and then just go for it you are
trying to find me and Lydia and I guess
Kong's like a little bonus please for
the love of sake you do not step on it
no promises but I'll do my best man this
sucks oh there's the pillar of this
Evans head
I'm here
Oh
water roll oh yes I'm trying to make
like direct eye contact with the Cobra
didn't work didn't work not today pretty
good that's fine it's fun regular
gentleman with I hope this isn't the
worst vlog I've ever made but like yeah
thanks time for you boy
bro you ready you guys ready miss
aureate Amy my 1/2 dropped out of
college
Todd the advantage of this situation is
that it's my house so I kind of know
where everything is I'm a little faster
on the draw will you at donor I hear you
I'm running around here clutch I hear
you brother I'm climbing I'm climbing
you know this is dope cuz literally I
know where everything is
oh no no stop though I hear the merge
Gators you don't know how to use it just
go do it sometimes out this up that's
weak
you know what I deserve that good a out
door what do i do I feel like ah I'm
moving too fast no I hear someone are
you good
oh the kitchen out think you can go in
the kitchen
fool me huh mark mark mark is that you
mark mark mark mark
I know you know our market smoke is that
you good twenty-two is Mark I know you
know where Mark is Logan Paul hold on I
heard another plate you son of a bitch
look I got a iphone charging cable bro
this game is much harder than I expected
I'm never gonna find mark I thought
those remark what Lydia as my new
assistant could you help me clean up
marks how about those one amp
late-breaking let's go okay I did make a
mess I'm the 10-million oh do you guys
have any ideas of like how we should
celebrate we're thinking of stuff over
here but like 10 million like guys we're
breaking records no one's done this in a
year of vlogging before no gang for life
if you're not a part of make sure to
subscribe that it a hundred times today
but get your maverick merch look about
like I'm shopping link in description
it's a movement guys marks a part of it
just check it out baby baby let me go
okay
he's wearing youth merch normally a fish
anyways I love you guys no see you
tomorrow when the vlog will be more epic
I promise hi guys
I'm mark
