hey dude I went out last night New York
what have you done to me this explains
the current situation I got what you got
what do you have well yeah well you have
I ordered pasta and didn't eat it but
now I want to eat it this pastas
disgusting it looks so hard no Carl you
can't have it you're just a dog to make
this work because I have a call as you
guys know we're in New York City for our
first ever maverick by logan paul pop-up
shot you saw yesterday shit's crazy and
since it lasts for two more days ya'll
are savages waiting in line waiting to
see the experience get the marchers so
crazy yesterday the police hmm the
police what bro
you know I don't work well with police
please don't care they're just telling
they just want to tell people that
you're not coming oh I'm not going today
I'm not going yo this is bad let's just
drive I broke the locate wants to see
the Maverick there's no co2 guys they
wouldn't let the co2 on the plane so I'm
just gonna have to throw the merch air
you know I was thinking we bring this
through the drive-by again so it doesn't
work Logan you know us we made it a
point to bring the merch can to New York
just sucks that it doesn't work but like
it's customizing everything yeah it
doesn't work brah what a weird car I
know a place you know a place doesn't
make it work yeah it gives you co2 tanks
did you get it what Oh call you could do
it with the headband oh and the bling my
man's got the diamond maverick pending
on it he wants to go in the studio oh
you know you're aggressive you've been
rapper
thanks for bringing food not even in the
elevator about to go to the pop-up shop
and shoot some merchant you guys I'm
away Calvin back bro you're gonna
protect me from all the bad guys and
guns up Haji yep thing is the
full-fledged weapon
okay if you guys have a chance and I get
to see you in real life I want you to
break my car I want you to smash the
windows let's go okay y'all the savages
bro this isn't even the pop-up shop this
is the hotel how did you find out okay
guys
on our way to the shop here's the merch
we shoot we got the staff shirt this is
actually this is not ever gonna be
available I don't have we had the
manager Jeff shirt also this is not
available with the personal favorite the
exclusive New York City Maverick pop-up
shop shirt oh what the Jesus Christ
hazers Cristo you are crazy
that's that maverick spear bow they've
been chasing this I hope your staff I
love you if your staff you can wear that
shirt for the savages out there we got
the savage egg and then you good bro
like bro are you good look the point is
we got options we don't you
yeah
guys I should go on tour Jeff we didn't
make more songs we're announcing a tour
probably previous tours coming soon I
gotta get more songs far yeah oh
literally look look I've ripped my pants
I did the splits and split my pants just
absorbing all the craziness no I'm aware
I made no progress in that sentence I
wanna give it thanks to these guys
yo Cory Calvin thank you guys I also
have something interesting for them as
you guys know my dad Greg Paul is quite
the character and after seeing how crazy
yesterday was he sent me this video this
morning I want to see what you guys
think of this noggin sure papi I listen
in the game I'm taking this stuff that
we don't have three people like I got
two big guys is that accurate does my
dad know what he's doing oh okay guys
we're headed to Long Island right now
for thinking like a little barbecue
party or something but my but hi Frank
how are you dude
yeah I've ripped my pants I did the
splits and I split my pants
then I'd stuff some fan mail down there
oh I like guys I'm sorry I just
literally like penis hanging out of my
pants I don't have any other option guys
Hey look why are you even in the car
because I'm taking care of car that's
actually a very good reason I'm pretty
busy my hands are full of guys doing
here yeah so that's how everyone's
feeling right now our uber driver right
there is like hey guys I got somewhere
to be I have to drop you off the airport
like in the middle of the dry like that
dude this is not our destination
back in business what was that bro did
you guys see what happened we've arrived
good news this an ice cream truck down
the street I don't have money but I do
have a merge can I'm not gonna rush
didn't stop Hale I'm sorry you're not
getting ice cream today it's funny
because it makes a lot of noise but it's
just a soft shirt out here bro like I
got a headache
Frank hurting me more look at all those
chickens look at us all here having a
good time huh
Frank hey Frank it's okay what looks
like you broke off PC what I don't know
it looks like you put a piece if no it's
fine it looks very strategically placed
like in the middle exactly where I'd buy
it no it's fine
boy you miss me that's fine
just trust me we're trying to do to be
frank
we put a piece of fork in my rib don't
eat Frank's rib is fork in it right so
guys this is Hannah that's Jeff's
girlfriend Hannah told me the saddest
news today I would rather my brother
lose all his YouTube subscribers than
have this news come true she said that
when Carl grows up and his teeth come in
he'll block his little tongue from
coming out of his mouth I just switched
happenin Hannah if your teeth block your
tongue I'm gonna have to remove your
teeth hey are you listening to me
I feel like you're not listening he's
not paying attention this is how I feel
right now and cut broke are you good bro
but you want to say god I'm gonna duck
you up you can buy your Logan Paul calm
slash ah it's funny you guys think it's
funny
obviously it's not gonna work everyone
just calm down what are you gonna do if
I don't it wasn't their only be one
shirtless chachi I'm gonna go ahead and
take that role if I don't put the rock
back are you gonna do it's my boy kiss
my belly button can we go ahead and we
go back and we can we blur Frank's face
I'm sorry I talked earlier can you get
my shirt for me
duck duck knows it you gotta go straight
you can your ass I'm not gonna make it
she threw my shirt in the pool no one
would watch that I mean doc man hey guys
were leaving obviously I have to shoe a
low again now the t-shirt sweat it hard
and it might hurt but that's this is
like a hurtful dude I'm sorry Ella no
not I'm really not I am mad dude this is
the exclusive black maverick v-neck
damned uber drivers gonna hate us I'm
coming okay guys back at the hotel I'm
actually getting a call from brother
Jake right now I haven't talked to him
since we performed the second verse for
New York but uh hey dude
um the low gang made me do it bro
bro did you see the vlog I was done it
was help me help you when I was done and
they started chanting shock in first
second first and Jake you know the game
bro I was just giving the people what
they want
it is overplayed cuz it's a banger bro
remember the one line okay oh we did a
we did our like a edit we cut in a line
here it is again okay sorry in the vlog
if you saw it cuz you know you subscribe
and stuff and like I am sorry I I hope
you didn't know and plus Jake the low
game got you bro like I told them to
vote for you for choice youtuber right
so we got you Jake Paul Logan got you
bro you're not mad I mean you're not mad
yeah I feel you I feel you well the good
news is I've got a merch cannon rep feel
like it shot the face okay uh I don't
know if he's mad or not I know that I'm
Logan though yeah yo you guys got him
Jake Paul you're my brother I love you
dawg okay made me do it dude but that
actually reminds me Teen Choice Awards
oh no we forgot to record all the art oh
oh
so anyway yeah guys little air our fault
but you're back in here's what I was
saying tire bro can you guys tell okay
anyway see Choice Awards you guys got
this so vote for me if you do for a
choice comedy web star and choice male
web star and then vote for Jake for a
choice youtuber okay yeah
I could explain in tomorrow's vlog
anyways I'm gonna be sending you guys
merch if you vote for me and max out
your votes you can go ten times per day
the link is in the description give max
enough also sending you guys exclusive
matter backpacks the winner of today is
Luke block I'm reading his neighbor
Harry's might be a blouse Luke blood a
man thank you for voting for me okay
anything else nah I think that's our
dude yeah if you're not subscribed make
sure you subscribe to in the lo Jang
blast the fastest growing family I'm
YouTube and get your maverick merch the
link for that is in the description
thank you bro I will see y'all tomorrow
which is actually just my today okay
take it easy
backwards in sideways with unencumbered
movement it's your papa looking out for
you bro
love you man
