ah smoking the one I was just trying to
do
you
hey y'all good morning okay what's up
it's a good day give me that high five
yeah yeah yeah again we are not wasting
any time today get it right into the day
yo yo if you are watching this and you
are not subscribed do me a favor and hit
that button literally the fastest
growing family on YouTube joined the
club okay right now we are gonna do some
epic as usual we are going to be in twos
by the way guys just to give you a taste
of how strong that low gang really is
this sign right here says Aloha Logan it
looks like there used to be a note or
something there but it's gone on the
other side it says logo flies yeah we're
in the middle of an island in the middle
of the ocean and the low gang still
repping Road we still walking fast faces
pass and I'm home bound yo they play the
best music in the store I'll find some
floaties here everybody see this turtle
under your armpits
yeah yeah what's he doing yo I'm gonna
kick him out you know are you good bro
goodbye all the turtles that the story
no sorry I also got this Master Series
ukulele cuz I'm in I actually don't have
a reason we got all the turtles all the
Turtles people are looking at us dude
and the cuz I'm a dork
guys so it's going down we got ourselves
the situation Louie was trying to buy
these peoples - what's wrong with the
turtle what are you doing Oh what's
wrong with the journal I got it thank
you so much thanks guys Chloe then I
talked to her stuff you can buy all the
tubes you want Chloe Bennet I'm gonna
stick with this turtle cuz I like
turtles watch out
oh yeah this is gonna be fucking late
haven't you good it's really cold
oh thanks buddy Bennet girls weird I
bought it and I brought it no do you
want you know how
suck my ass oh it's not cold
oh hey guys how's the ukulele - you guys
we're about to go through this tunnel
apparently it's dark for like two
minutes
hey guys no joke we can't see sim maybe
he's like 5 feet ahead of us we think
oh my god yo you guys this is paradise
we were that was I Wow
Tarzan yeah
I have to do this Robo I woke up and was
it cool right
was it cool Brendon it was cool anything
will be famous on the Internet baby
hell yeah bro sexy with a man bun sing a
song with the vlog broke
that's good sometimes
get your maverick merchandise 20%
discount just kidding there I thought it
was gonna break sometimes you get your
maverick merchants sometimes you get
your maverick merchants I'm just kidding
sometimes good fun low game that's what
that was I guess we've been driving past
this spot for like two days now bounce
house ever browse how to do a lot of
gives you it's fine they're well rocking
at me browse on my demo low gang we were
like how cool would it be to rent about
bounce house and then ship it to the
palace and have fun I'll take all them
any of those there you want pick a
bounce up oh you don't know me you know
my demo you're too young a little stuck
you're buying a low gang jacket oh
that's amazing
you're in the low gang high-five what
the fuck I'm / ah final verdict we're
gonna do this big blue one over yonder
let's see on a fun meter how much fun
this look
that's top-notch put it in the back hey
guys
how does she know me she's not my demo
this is my demo I don't know about you I
don't know if you my demo
so apparently not only do they have
children who aren't in my demo on this
island they also have pig go away no way
there's a wild no this I off sorry
Brendan this island hit everything dude
come please hi piggies hi how are you hi
touch me come on go come on bro just
like every girl I've ever met ever ever
be careful bro I can't so kill some
people of Berlin you wouldn't you wipe
it on me oh it's nice then you know
don't touch that no disrespecting the
Mertz disrespecting them murdered you
never disrespect the merge huh yeah
you're a maverick you're gonna change
the world one day look his hairs like
mine got that Donald Trump hair shoe we
when we get a house should we get a
mini-horse for Evan to ride comment
below if you think so and what we should
name it what are the miniature that's
the way the board printing why by
manager this whale is boring this is our
topic damn dude
what doesn't why you not have snow what
snow skew oven wow guys we're back at
the crib Oh Brendan is testing out this
new piece of equipment we got what is
this bro Ronan for the most stable shots
in the game welcome to Logan Paul vlogs
ok I'm about to sign off the vlog thank
you run the snail look it he's going
away no come back just not good with
animals today dude but yo I want this
little snail to come out so I'm gonna
put him down here but as usual thank you
guys for watching I'm excited for the
other slide tomorrow if you are not
already subscribe to the channel and go
out there and be a maverick get your
merch because it's lit it the link is in
the description and yeah a good day
another good day in Hawaii we're gonna
have some fun tonight and I will see
y'all tomorrow
get it bro look it okay get it bro
that's my boy
