Oh everyone calm down it's not Hillary
Clinton this tunnel job I'm just kidding
guys it's me okay
also I wasn't even holding the camera hi
there's Brendan over there okay so if
you saw yesterday's vlog
oh this was crazy bro we're here at
VidCon and we got absolutely mobbed
yesterday
but it was a cool experience it's
definitely a day that I will not forget
today though is Saturday which means
Saturday's for the Bulls
it's true and and I'm a boy Brendan's a
boy and also Evan you I'm not a real boy
going back to it's time to leave VidCon
so here we go
venturing into the VidCon wilderness
once again let's do this hi guys right
off the bat we are good bro I also think
it's hard to be recognized in my
maverick merch hat and maverick hoodie I
think yeah guys we should flower or get
them next time we don't want to go to L
we wanna go to double board as Double L
stand for chances that my car has been
vandalized there's no Senate or sexually
harassed 9090 Brendon okay all right I'm
gonna go solid 69 cuz I'm a savage Evan
makes the dopest noises can we get that
on replay many times here we go here we
go oh yeah yeah that's a note but yo
this is clean as a whistle dude like
they did a good job keeping it nice to
the car we are on the road back to Los
Angeles
back in Hollywood yeah this was like a
two-hour drive
oh there's a parade right outside the
house is some sort of parade going I
think we parked and then let's go ticket
yeah yeah yeah yeah guys we are back
home headed to the parade in a second
but I want I don't just want to watch
right I want to participate where's this
it all here it is this would come in
handy one day
all right okay we are approaching the
parade I think it's some sort of like
Mexican like Spanish Yangon's going down
I knew I knew what
me
Oh
water
you guys is it Saturday by the way how
are you memory ok cool on Saturday
across the way they throw parties as you
guys know here's the deal I don't like
you bro they're loud I'm singing you're
trying to do my work like look bro I got
stuff to do I gotta buy some new merch
calling it stuff to do like guys we're
busy and I can't fuck follow me on
Instagram I looking for always bug no
look someone's gotta be the adult no how
are you good bro
I think he's good hi everyone I'm about
to go work out guys we can cross VidCon
over the to-do list dude Alyssa's like
it's we might have to start a new one
soon I feel like you fit in eight one oh
yeah for sure I think that handles that
okay cool
ah yo yo we're out of the gym I don't I
don't know just do from here I don't
know what you're doing gyms
me from the
from me
Oh
Oh God
me
hi guys know the go-word guy we're back
home I'm just saying exactly what's
happening today yogurt oh yo you run my
vlog channel never bro I always vlog
gonna yeah okay I love funny story to
tell we were at VidCon yesterday and we
were in the elevator and there's this
person wearing my merch and this person
was like although again I love you much
that's still I was like that's awesome
you're in the low gang I like that girl
I said to like him and the girl goes I'm
a boy I was like stuck to my country
stat what's your name and he goes Elia
and I'm like that's a girl's name it was
funnier person I was giving a poster so
can I join
No so as you guys know I went to VidCon
yesterday and a fan made this for me and
say it's a life-size rendition of
maverick this is actually really
impressive here Brendon get closer you
can see the detail like she went in
anyways I'm gonna go give fake maverick
to real men I got something for you
maverick that is a good reason I well
I'm just gonna go ahead and leave that
up there for you maverick let's break a
little fun hey laughs can you come over
my house
let's do it for the vlog you're gonna
fight Evan with nice with knives this
time butter knives though so it won't
hurt that bad yeah so they won't pierce
the skin though just okay why I'm just
kidding about that
I don't think he wants to yeah okay guys
so ale is coming over I think there's
only one thing left to do we know that
we want to prank Ayla somehow I just we
don't know what we're gonna prank her
with look it let's look at the chemicals
been like that yeah what do we got we
got oh we have what dude got raids we
can spray her in the mouth with you guys
fuck you're good I'm not good okay using
my brain power I've concocted the
following prank we saw the blood
we saw calm I'm gonna put the blood on
calm like on his first somewhere we'll
wash it off don't worry and Hale is
gonna come in and shoot what did you do
to Kong he's bleeding I'm think I don't
know like he must have ruptured his
kidney or I'm not gonna know what makes
these
a lo rings the doorbell wouldn't pretend
like we're giving Kong a haircut with
these giant or scissors it's gonna think
that we like cut Kong sorry
not really I like I like the
you know Karl we know you want a haircut
but not yet not yet Friday you gotta
wait till a leak it's here so we can
muster there okay guys the first round
of blood is going on the scissors hi oh
Jesus mother comb doesn't even have this
much blood in your body I'm just gonna
do a little bit we're giving karma
haircut we're in the body this is so bad
this is what the chemicals joy
how are you whoa did you fall for a
second oh my god no seriously that looks
so real your dog you're just gonna be a
little pink good what why don't you
think before you do me like that I I
don't know what that word means
oh my god you think what should we do
Ayla why I gotta clean him but it's not
gonna come off he's gonna have literally
like a bread but hey yo your house super
expensive shoes have red bottoms like oh
I got them red bottoms don't try to make
this sound like a low getting that is
the vlog that we were to spice it up a
little bit at the end there I don't even
know why you come up with these things
thank you so it's it's literally like
taking candy from a baby and not because
you're the size of a baby it'd just be
so gullible you're not subscribed make
sure to subscribe it also gets your
maverick merch lengthwise individually
that is in the description go up be
unique be different be a maverick I will
see y'all tomorrow take it easy
