I just want to say if you are here at
VidCon and in any way were affected by
that negatively I want to apologize
wholeheartedly my hat my dog you guys
it's true we're at VidCon but that's not
the sexiest dwarf I've ever seen you
know that bit as you guys know yesterday
we dropped off three thousand dollars
somewhere here at VidCon today we are
going to unleash the beast and let them
know where they can find the money like
a big scavenger hunt but like I said the
morning is just getting started
evan is in the corner talking to his
crush why is he hiding go in the corner
I'm I take the phone give her some words
from Logan yeah
how are you guys Hillary says crushed
with hard job let's go back inside
before we get kicked out haha good fight
guys were hungry I'm gonna order some
room service
hey got French toast we get aside of
like and subscribe alright guys let's
see okay guys we are venturing out into
the VidCon wilderness wait how did you
get did you make these what is your name
Alexandra you're incredible this is
amazing
don't run them over yes I love all of
them
the gun actually this year though you're
a youtuber I wasn't gonna tell you guys
guys I've never been a youtuber at
VidCon it's always been like a vine or
like the guy who makes videos on
Facebook or Instagram this year I'm a
youtuber don't forget guys I've only
been vlogging for like nine months
someone painted a picture for me this is
amazing oh look at this
this guy you're so sweet Jeff is
dragging me to do something what it is a
beast with tank wait what beast with
pancakes prove it oh never mind
what that's the maverick logo do you
think you can make that it'll taste even
better than bro
why just get a squeeze bottle you can
try it I can barely tie my shoes Nathan
I don't know if I can make a pancake oh
the flip is happening right now oh my
boys going in with the flip no way yo
bro you're legend bro you're a beast
Thank You Man oh my god you wish you had
a maverick pancake but now holding me
that's my fear up on the pancake butt
okay well we lost them guys I met a girl
here named Mariko what did what do you
have this is incredible she sculpted man
oh my god
you put the diamond band on his ankle
marika you killed it you're absolutely
incredible this is incredible you guys
know I love when you make me stuff check
this out oh she even gave me a perch bro
still no nose but I got the perch Bros
is amazing are you maverick he doesn't
talk is not real
anyways yo it is time for the operation
the mission there's a lot of moving
pieces to this I want to capture every
angle we have $3,000 in the line there's
gonna be a lot of people step number one
Brendan we got to get you out there sir
that's my boy there's a middle section
post up there watch for the swarms of
people log a little bit I'll text you
when we're gonna unleash the code to
where it is that's me my friends okay
guys so I'm out here there are a lot of
people out here he's about to get crazy
it's gonna be pandemonium with all these
people out here what's up guys you guys
watch yesterday's vlog she's looking for
something in particular
somewhere in here somewhere in here what
are you looking for that's a fact okay
looking where you're chilling in the
hotel room we just released the first
hint looks like this yo what is up guys
so for those of you who are at VidCon
and looking for the $3,000 that I hate
here is your first hint the YouTube play
one of the right there we are in the
middle of the Convention Center which is
right there my boy Sebastian show yo yo
what are you doing today bro we're about
to drone out here is crazy footage yah
yah hello D yo it's locked and loaded
it's all kind of going down now I'm
sorry for just like throwing you in the
loop let's get it we're gonna get it
done right
yeah oh okay guys it is go time we just
released the second hit looks like this
hit number two for those of you trying
to find the $3,000 that a hit here at
VidCon okay there's a patch of grass
right here with a yellow fire hydrant it
is somewhere in that area good hopefully
the crowds are swarming I don't know
we're gonna cut back and forth between
footage second hit came out he got a
little bit more specific you know
they're all looking they're all looking
for this money here's the call hello
got it
got it coming down now let's do this
we are entering the VidCon
make sure the pump all you don't like
well I thought for sure when I went out
there first off the money
who found the money man I hope Brennan
got something check it off I thought for
sure when I went out there I'm like I'm
6 foot 2 200 pounds solid man and yo
when you guys bond together hip skin
strong bro I want to preach it on my
vlogs like has a family guys I know and
maybe not the time to get cheesy but
together with you what killers bro hey
I'm in the room come back to the room
damn bro it was fun having a toenail but
now it's gone I don't need it uh I think
this bloody toenail with a little bit of
skin on it signifies little game for
life be a matter of baby I know all of
you man I walked in the water I was like
nod then I can chase me here y'all think
of it you got what you wanted man that's
what I preach you you got to do what
other people aren't willing to do to
achieve your goals in life I'm feeling
inspirational that was quite an
experience for me where are you dude for
what reason sorry bro I'm I'm safe all
night update on the squad brendan has
been apprehended Jeff he's stealing the
crown I don't know how Ayla and Evan are
even still alive I'm a big guy there was
a point where I was like yo I'm gonna
die but I feel like this is a good time
to adjust this guy's as as this stuff is
cooling down I just want to say if you
were here at VidCon and in any way were
affected by that negatively I want to
apologize wholeheartedly I don't know I
didn't expect it to get that crazy I
knew it would be a crowd but personally
like I said guys earlier in the vlog
I've never been like a youtube star
always like vine star facebook star
whatever and I this level of fandom is
completely different than anything I've
ever experienced if you were
or someone hit you or I saw someone
tweeted me that they got like food
knocked out of their hand I'm guys
legitimately I am so sorry what'd you
say you know I would not be surprised if
they do I ganna completely understand it
it was they say that's a thing ya know
it was very irresponsible on my part and
I'm like I said I'm sorry I know I can't
like I didn't know my toenails here raw
holy just bring it bring it you guys oh
I'm so glad you're here both wait well
by the way
I mean regardless of all this like I'm
so proud of you like it's insane because
we wouldn't have these fears if you
worried that cool thanks you make me
proud dad that's my son that's my
stairwell
I think he's not coming back I texted
Brenna I was like clearly doesn't know
your videographer oh and we know away
yeah if I if they didn't say that like
right away
I would've been like yo I'm just another
guy I tried but I actually did try and
say like you all I did was how hold my
camera higher no way okay I know I had
to talk you had to talk I like from the
bottom of my heart I'm I don't get shook
often we love you I'm shook when you say
I'm I'm shook guys I it's not because of
getting kicked out of VidCon I don't
care I don't want anyone to get hurt as
a joking I literally thought for a
moment I was going like oh yo I thought
I was done yeah I thought I was done bro
you I was
I hope this is Sebastian I think it
takes the cake for sure calming down did
you get the guy's phone number who
actually found the money let's call him
right now who are you at D yo Dawg it's
Logan Paul can you come to my hotel room
I can't really leave sure I'm gonna text
you the information twelve seconds later
guys Pedro has arrived you good bro shut
the door quick shut the door quick come
on come on go into the gorillas you
found three thousand dollars before we
had a chance to even like post the
things
oh no you okay I was eating and then I
saw the notification uh cuz you guys
notifications on don't forget so I was
watching it and then they got to the end
and then you announce it that there was
thirty thousand dollars and you just
went looking yeah I called him that's
where you were standing when you were
standing that's how I had an idea of
like where yeah we sort of knew like
Iran where was gonna be so I called him
and we like ran over here bro that's
that real maverick spirit dude like you
just went for it
yeah dude that's it congratulations what
are you gonna do is it ro save it
College yeah my boys using three K to go
to college congratulations Pedro now we
split it what we split it up and my boys
got fifty hundred to go to college okay
lo que that is the vlog broke what a day
okay can't call for a group hug that
we're all still alive thanks Brendan
thanks Sebastian Oh get in here get in
you mean Jeff get in here alright look
we made it we're all here everybody say
if you're not subscribed make sure to
subscribe
shaking the hair yeah not yet it links
for the other merchants in the
description of Yale okay I love y'all
see you tomorrow
