I know you guys don't want to sell but
it's time to give the people what they
eyes I'm making waves on the internet
today
drop it bro I got three hours of sleep
guys I was up till 7 a.m. recording a
new song that is being released today
oh good morning calling you excited for
the music video it's my blog guys I can
tell you with absolute certainty that
it's going down I felt like and you guys
know this as well the Internet is just
like a screwed right now so much drama
and hatred and just overall bullshit so
I felt like the world needed a charge to
step in and make a shit song and music
video well do YouTube I can be your
choice hi how are you i oh yo why you
pooping in my vlogs now bro no I look
tired cuz I am tired I know because I
was making a new song it's just like
about all this stuff that's happening on
the internet and like me I roast a
couple people and like it's whatever you
going okay he doesn't care I love you
guys I just wanted a new creative
challenge like my brother made a song
where he was like basically flexing on
everybody obviously he got hella heat
from that I was like envious in a way I
was like you know Jake's getting so much
attention that I'll hey by the way
branded a warning bro
how you feeling this morning bro went
out last night so yeah my dog is
standing on anything that's a cool thing
okay anyway I felt like and this might
make me dumb but I don't want my brother
to go down like yeah you guys like he's
an idiot like you really he's my idiot
and if he's going dark I'm just kidding
you guys know us we're passionate we
work hard here and the family you're the
lucky you know it and I don't know how
to say this good morning Brendon but
nothing can stop us we all the way guys
we were driving to the first location
which is actually West Coast custom
they're the ones that are doing like a
remodeling of my cool bus and I think
they still have it I don't think they've
started remodeling it just yet I'd like
it to see my baby again I think they're
gonna let us use some of their cars
oh yeah the heat level is approaching
max my favorite part about these music
videos is that we do them for free and
we just bang them out in a day bang like
that's how you do it
this is literally like all my wardrobe
for the day just a crap you said I've
ever but you already know it's gonna be
it gives me great pleasure to know that
my bus is being put
I mean bro damn that's my boy it's been
so long someone tell me what happened
it's my bus what are you talking about
it's a fact that it's still going down
in this school bus yo thanks for being
caught hi buddy oh oh yeah wait a second
was that my boy oh it's Sebastian he's
the one who directed the first diss
track against my brother son no we out
here dude check us out these cars are so
cool is this a suitable spot to do the
first shot if you if we gotta do it you
gotta do it
we'll bring up it will bring out the car
oh by the way guys let's talk about
these for a second obviously you guys
know that we just dropped this new
maverick murder and it is fire bro like
it is so comfortable I'm look here I am
bro yo get it while the iron's hot wrap
this stuff for the 4th of July the link
is in the description ok but I had a
wake up bro we got a music video to
shoot you music videos are no joke guys
and you guys know this I get hot like
super easy so the shirt came off the
nipples are out which one of these cars
is the coolest this one's cool this was
pretty cool - this one's I but this is
the one oh god I don't know why I did
that maybe I should make the bus that
cause oh hi buddy
you not like kayln oh yeah me either but
oh that's why he doesn't like taking a
small break I'm sitting here with Jordan
and she tells me this girl can dance she
is dope can you dance what's your name
Arizona Phoenix yeah okay so I'm gonna
play a song for you I think it just went
platinum actually you may have heard it
before why does it sound familiar
this is help me help you
baby tell me help
now is a good time to say that is the
official help me help you really that is
now out on Spotify yes it's whatever
it's no big deal don't worry about
though what are you eating this is
literally the saddest meal I've ever
seen like you're such a sweet girl
should not have just a salty little
chicken sandwich it doesn't look like
that because I'm saying no thank you I'm
just saying bro the youth nowadays needs
to be filled with nutrition it was kind
of good I'm not gonna lie I doggone it
but it's delicious yeah should be a vlog
or try it oh my god you you guys follow
me at Logan Paul okay low gang we were
at the second location as you guys can
see here it's like this mansion type
thing it's pretty cool I want to show
you too much I want to keep it a
surprise because I think this music
videos gonna be dope and it's something
you can look forward to right like
everybody likes surprises okay let's go
home I must admit guys the sleep is go
high dog the lack of sleep I should say
is finally catching catching up to me oh
and also not so cool for it and getting
a lot of tweets about that Logan Paul if
you want to follow me on Twitter parts
of the second verse golly how did this
happen I looked into it guys it's real
second verse what parts of it were late
okay so right immediately I'm like what
the first like the rat in my squad
where's that what did I miss something
did I just say I get half I'm going
through all the options and then I see
the footage low gang allow me to explain
cuz as soon as I saw this footage I knew
exactly what happened if you guys
remember the vlog on the day that we
were shooting the medium rare music
video there was a door to get up into
the helipad like a metal door and
we couldn't get into this door cuz it
was I don't even know where I am the
door
actually I had the footage just I'm just
gonna here roll the clip there's people
up here well how did you get up here
hey what up Z how are you doing oh nice
nice bro this is the move shooting up
here I saw this kid oh my god thanks for
letting us it rode like dope like he
recognized me it was cool I was up in
the helipad I was walking around
checking out the views and then his
other friend who was on there recognized
me as well yeah bro
you look good there bro let's do it
something like though bro I got these
low ganks I thought they were lookin so
I got these little gangsters up here I
think oh this is my ball as a pro of
course I'm kind of in the zone right now
so just let me shoot this music video
and then we'll take it the sexiest
picture of 2017 so we start shooting our
music video it was this part of the
music video on top of the helipad by the
way that looked pretty good dude anyways
here's how it looks from the behind the
scenes from my vlog camera obviously not
as hype as the actual music video itself
but it's my content I captured it I
control where it goes blah blah little
did I know and no one on my squad
notice that these two kids we're filming
us and taking pictures the whole time
like oh my god it's just Flynn all the
drama happens blah blah blah I want to
release it I can't release it it goes
too hard blah blah blah oh by the way
the actual music video the edited music
video which is what makes like the
second verse like kind of like oh this
cannot be released on the internet
that's fine as far as I know no one will
ever see that this is strictly like just
the lyrics like the lyrics were Lee and
I guess the person I was shooting with
well so then like the low gang you guys
got my back you're tweeting at me like
yo I think I may have seen this whatever
and someone sends me link I see this
video online and it is indeed the second
verse for the first time ever on the
internet and I lose my call manager Jeff
I'm like bro how did this happen can we
take it down as a copyright blah blah
blah and so we start striking these
videos cuz I know it's just gonna get
reposted a repost it's like its
floodgates are loose in an hour we had
taken down like 150 videos and each one
only had like 400 500 views people just
repost any like
is up on the internet bro like good luck
that just staying there so once again
and I'm like don't we shoot this whole
music video today and the whole day like
everyone's like yo how did you have this
key leak look what happened how could
this have happened and I'm like bro it's
this guy who I thought was a cool guy
like I talked to him about where he's
from what he's doing and elect me had a
conversation we took pictures together
and it turns out he's just a douche man
he only hosted this for his own personal
game even though I made it very clear
that I did not want this on the internet
so I see this video online not even on
the original account it was posted and
it has 1.2 million views by the time
you're watching this vlog who knows it's
not going to be online anymore but like
it probably would have been like 5
million and it's just I reach out to the
guy on Instagram like I'm like yo please
take it down to like this is your fault
because in the original video he says he
goes I know that Logan does not want
this on them but I want to give the
people what they want you bro from the
bottom of my heart I lost my cool there
for a second I'm just like broke know
what actually this might be good because
this music video that I'm releasing
actually I'm gonna make it a part of
this vlog I just decided anyways like I
said I reached out to the guy I'm gonna
take this opportunity to teach a lesson
I feel that I'm in a position of power
and I can use it to inspire and teach
and help people learn and grow here we
go hey man I just got off the phone with
your manager Jeff I convinced him to
call Jeff and he was dumb enough to
actually do it super cool guy it was
really great to talk to hell yeah that's
why he's my manager I just want to start
off by saying sorry miss Teasdale it was
one of those impulse things I'm a
marketing guy by nature what I see an
opportunity to see growth in my
following and numbers and I made the
impulse move to do it without taking
into account how it might affect
yourself and your relationship with your
families cube bro I'm a human to do you
even said in the video like you were
like I know you guys don't want to sell
but it's time to give the people what
they want give the people what do I'm
talking about dude subscribers what
people are talking about let me give the
people what they want with hopefully
entertaining vlogs content pranks and
all that music I'm sorry guys I feel
attacked my whole team does it like
everyone on our team is like
I spent time with this guy straight-up
betrayed me not to mention I don't know
how Jake feels about it I guess this is
what I learned from this this guy was a
fan right he's not a little gangster so
my little game would not do this fans
are cool I appreciate fans but they are
not this they are not this family that
we have oh and also I'm gonna kick
people off of my music video sets from
now on I think anyways um yeah we spent
the whole day shooting this music video
I think you guys are gonna like this so
uh yeah enjoy little ol logia solid
there give this video a thumbs up new
maverick merch is available now selling
like hotcakes bro get it while the hay
maze and why you can't link is in the
description for that you'll see me
reppin it in this video in the Edit I
will see you guys tomorrow if you're not
subscribed make sure to subscribe we are
currently the fastest growing community
on YouTube and with that said take it
easy fam peace hey guys okay so it's the
next day I'm actually recording this the
same day that I posted this vlog I'm
reviewing this music video before it
goes live and it's actually kind of late
for that reason I am gonna separate them
so this vlog and then the music videos
gonna come out in a couple hours when it
does the link will be in the description
so prepare to go watch that give it a
thumbs up like I said and a yeah now
it's like okay bye
