yo today was absolutely insane you guys
I like I'm exhausting announced the end
of the day there is a big announcement
at the end of the vlog so stay tuned but
imma start the vlog off at the beginning
of the day where my life literally
became a movie just just watch bro
there's a guy in it what yo there's a
guy in my bus bro bro what are you doing
what are you doing get the fuck out get
out of my bus yes bro get out of my bus
my name is Logan that's not a paper
saying it's my bus there is no this is
all your stuff this is a guy in my bus
bro I'll do it now with this guy in the
back yo what are you doing yo my man I
don't know what's going on I guess my
bus is a good spot to fix foots I
understand but I have to ask you to
leave you do need my bus bro it's the
cool bus admit you need it what
you know you know he's asking for proof
do you see the parking tickets to your
left
yeah you see how the name says Logan
Paul that is me not you
I know because your YouTube channel
isn't logan paul vlogs I'm honestly just
milking this because I don't think this
is so interesting to me like do you like
the cool bus fixing myself up yo this is
crazy this is crazy bro yo Brendan goes
there's a guy he was doing heroin yo no
wonder the light wait what are you doing
we doing bro we're doing bro
get out of here get out of my bus you're
not cool enough for the cool bus bro yo
Brendan what so we're just looking
around here seeing like what he messed
with pony has the bodily fluid cleanup
kit he took out all the bandages homie
was definitely doing drugs on the bus I
guess now focus not because I don't good
this is a good time to tell you guys
today we are taking the bus to West
Coast Customs to get a total 100%
makeover this is a good thing because
now the bus is contaminated with some
bullets West Coast can put a lock on it
yeah yeah definitely need a lot cuz we
don't have that now I'm jumping in the
ball pit if I land on someone
yo you know what I just realized ro he
must be a low gangster he must watch my
buck how else would he know that the bus
is just unlocked and full of fun balls
when we walked up when I was originally
gonna vlog about was that the lights
were on
if you leave your lights on your car
battery dies I think this might be
yeah he just chewed off the wires this
whole thing is messed up that guy who is
a local gangster in my buck bro your
image is done bro you're never gonna get
a job again I'm just saying it's not
good to send peoples buses okay here we
go
well I feel like this is so dead bro
if it is dead bro I don't even know how
I'm gonna get it there I just I want I
need to turn the key over once and see
it's doing nothing when it's like a
little bit the bus gods be with me may
the odds be ever in my favor
it's dead it's so dead
it's looking bro the keys turn over
nothing okay guys there's only one thing
I can think to do now that we're here
I'm gonna call my guy Ryan from West
Coast Customs and update him on what's
happening hey dude what if I told you
that when I went to go in my bus this
morning I found a homeless man in in my
bus doing drugs and he had the lights on
and now the battery's dead
and it's not moving because it won't
start the bus won't start bro
I'm sure I could find some yeah yeah
we're gonna we're gonna get on that
shortly but I just wanted to let you
know that it's definitely going down
this morning I like work piece of me
I feel sad which is hard to do in a ball
pit in a bus but I just feel sad let's
go get some jumper cables school bus
sort of bus this should work right this
could be the move if this happens
definitely that guy estimate boy no
question dude you have jumper cables
you got jumper cables I'll pay you $100
cap to jump my school bus they can't
move that be double I could use the
jumper cables but thanks dude oh why are
his jumper jumper cables wet soaking wet
I'm not complaining bro
jumper cables our jumper cables I don't
know what the fluid is to be a dilly
that's extra dangerous has anyone told
you how out here I am I'm will Oh
you ever jump a bus have not me that is
quite the end up I can't see shit guys
the disaster I classify quality disaster
dad dad dad I'm talking school bus
battery where is it located on the side
of battery
oh wait wait wait are you telling me
that's the battery I hate myself
yeah here's what's going on walking my
bus this morning this homeless man doing
some drugs in my bus yeah you knew was
gonna happen now he turn the lights on
battery is dead so now we gotta jump it
moving my Challenger I'm a purple purple
plum crazy passion fruit goddess how to
get rid of him I call me wasn't cool
enough for the cool bus all right so my
dad's on the team I have to go get my
car I'll be right back okay we're outta
here there is my bus here's my car
connect them real quick here okay so
we're out here bus car I'm hoping this
works I really am hoping this works
I have jumper cables in my car that
aren't way we should use them we're
gonna use those nobody likes the wet
jumper cable good okay okay this is a
let's use it
I've done this before I tend to always
this happens to me before here we go red
to red black to black and or those of
you who are gonna have to do this you
can put on Oh what the see this okay I'm
fine they're a little wet kind of
this means is gonna work skin they're
not down to die today I got I got many
more vlogs the more I do need to get
this bus stuff but once in my life I'm
gonna take a safety precaution kind of
that looks good to go bro we're gonna go
right there right here oh this is the
one dude real quick legit feel like I'm
like that around come here if I die we
had a bright future ahead of us make
sure you run his Instagram okay at
Congress savage if you want to follow
whoo
chefs chance of death still high let's
start my car let's see what happens
good
looks good to me okay so now I think we
just wait for like 12 seconds later and
seconds later okay guys this is it the
moment of truth please please please
start here we go Oh
yo-yo is beeping
No
there's only one thing I have in mind I
could save us right now yeah we got
ourselves an issue anymore guys look
like homeless people here what's going
on well I can tell you what I almost man
looks like cuz it's on ones on my bus
this morning yeah so we try jumping it
then we're now having just like a photo
shoot with it cuz we got bored and
waiting for you you check the cooter oh
no what the fuck is that
check the muffler bearings yo I don't
even know what your find out a better
issue
wait what your homeless guy try to try
to take your bus home and make it home
no use your ignition you cut it with the
scissors from your first aid kit oh my
god and splice them together oh no I
should have beat his ass I'm not down to
beat up homeless people they know you
don't beat up a homeless guy you don't
do it right no you hold on and stomp on
you know my dad he cut the 14 wires I
respect this guy's 10 that may be weird
the assholes for assuming he was doing
drugs or maybe he was doing drugs and
how are your car the air Porter's on
this poster no no paralyzed but
Walgreens is across the street basically
we got to pop this ignition now only
then will we know if we have did better
be honest with me is this like fixable
who I'm MacGyver MacGyver's who's
MacGyver I'm 22 I don't know what that
means he's a dude that can fix anything
with us so it's fixable yo can you
imagine if I got here I don't know ten
minutes later this wouldn't be here just
bus is gone oh my god by the way I am
late to my West Coast Customs drop-off
yeah sorry guys
they know the situation we obviously had
to push because this doesn't happen in
real life which basically describes
everything in my life right now we're
waiting for my dad uh he went to the
store to get some tools
oh you being yeah see I'm a good dad
figured I'd take my boy car for a walk
while we wait but yo I have a better way
to pass the time
Wow
wow that was fun look who's back in and
going you get the stuff GP I got it it's
right here that's my ball no gang Mercer
it's all gonna be good now okay I like
that
come on dad come on brings me back to my
childhood I you had a bus with homeless
people and I know how I did it dad okay
so my dad says it's gonna take a few
minutes but I know a good way to pass
the time
sonna loghain we had to come back to the
store because we're missing something
gonna get that good a told you how you
supposed to know what you're doing and
clearly you have no idea why don't you
just ask for my help
take that that you need this coming up
dad you need this no okay dad you need
this okay guys no thanks to me okay back
to the bar yeah we're here oh my god my
voice is gone yeah we're here okay dad
what's going on fixing bus bro how tell
me how I got this wire okay cutting this
up
honestly I'm already bored I'm already
bored how long is this gonna take that I
got I got stuff to do bro I know I might
take a little bit love it yeah okay I
know perfect way to pass the time gotcha
nope not a Kong montage that's it's what
I did just find out my song help me help
you has hit number 42 on the Spotify
United staes viral top 50 list I'm so
happy I decided to come atop my school
bus but I'm not gonna lie I did come up
here for something else
girl what you tryin to cuz I don't got a
clue no I know Scalini how cuz I'm
hungrier than you I just wanna get some
food in you about to kill me
yeah yo that was pretty dope but I got
something Doh clearly we don't know what
we're doing we have no speaking ID so my
boy Kenny from West Coast Customs came
to help out so we get it started so is
that it's gonna be homeless man proof by
the time you're done with it yeah
seconds later
yeah
how did you do that how did you do that
you did you did highway all right
there's no kiddies my boy just touched
some wires together here the bus is
running yeah we've been here for eight
hours bro a homeless man was in my skin
bus this morning he cut the wire tried
to hotwire in my car we've been here for
eight hours trying to repair it finally
it just started welcome to my life like
it subscribe bitch his beats of his
homeless guy in the bus I go broke get
the start of my bus he's like prove it
your button was your bus I'm like you
look at the ticket bro if you would have
been like roommates my bus out of punch
come through mom here's the thing I
didn't want to beat him up cuz it's he's
homeless
it's literally bullying why would I do
that it's bullying that's just press
passing I know but it's just
I felt bad anyways
oh yeah
right bro
imagine a star you have no idea I
brought the bus I have the bus at you
push it here no bro have not even get
into it just know it's here okay I can
you work your magic on okay great
where's the keys the bus is out there no
keys yeah I'll work my magic
see you later all right okay that is the
flower today yo thank you for your help
save my ass like I'm glad you're my dad
I'm glad I still have hair and you know
I say I'm not going bald I'm getting
more head your hair looks great I have a
thing I have a big thing bro my brother
Jake Paul is having a sale next 72 hours
15% off all this merch how the Gillis
dope but imma keep the low getting a
little nicer cute so this Saturday
Sunday Monday low gang and maverick
merch is gonna be 20% off baby we're not
gonna do this sale probably do this like
once or twice a year maybe
so here while you can this weekend
looking bald I got slash shop or Lee
subscription okay before it ends for
real Brenda the last final goodbye cool
bus
that's my boy okay next time I see you
hopefully you don't have a homeless man
yeah my right low gang I will see you
tomorrow y'all can we get 200,000 likes
on this video yeah we can try looking
I'll see you tomorrow take it easy man
