hey so today as you guys know yo I'm
moving bro like I have to clear off this
entire apartment everything in here and
move it somewhere else but then again I
guess yeah we're moving in it just sucks
bro a because it's just a hassle and be
yo watch out wall! yo guys
I've had so many memories here bro not a
spot in this apartment hasn't been
smashed on bro not a supply has been
part of an epic viral videos smash smash
viral video viral video smash viral
video two years of my life bro God today
well not I'm okay I'm not dying it just
feel like you I'm gonna miss annoying
people from here oh really oh god good
morning young duggie I know I know I'm
sad too I think you'll be able to fly in
our new house is big it is really big
what yeah it's right next door shouldn't
take what oh I guess you're right
maverick you know why this little parrot
that I know what I thought you left me
yesterday bro I diddly doo bro come on
mark what's your leaving me i an't wait
are you moving today yeah but I'm
staying in the building I also moved
yesterday but I was like there are too
many memories in this place again dad
you are let's mention in this God again
sucks bro yo you're moving today
officially I'm moving today this is
going to be empty as house bro channel
card bro sorry like there's no way
you're gonna do the security deposit I
know no the walls both far wall by the
way I logan paul hey don't move but from
this angle you sort of have a six-pack
not a little bit bro yep by box I'm sure
see arrived today i'll be moving
but now you're gonna try to see you
again all right oculus not moving sucks
rope but I'm a smart man and i use my
youtube power and got some little gang
hey yeah i met these savages in the
store and I was like I got some moving
do you think you can help me move and
another here oh hi mark oh hi Mark Reuss
you this is the moving team today bro
are you doing my staff both my smash
them Oh probably should not sit down on
any of these back it marked out there a
lot lots of worries we've we've marked
our tears are oh it's a pun joke anyway
yo yo come here come here bro how tall
you and how old you okay dude I need
none of this information flow minute
before I made this comment appropriate
way do you watch my blog wait wait wait
why how original advise yeah our stuff
is rachi bro do you watch yeah I'll you
tell you seventy you you you you how did
you do that epic no projects is out
there is an expert on stairs did you
actually ask you love you yeah also the
store I forgot a week ago and you're
like yo can we help you move cuz it's
all I was moving I said yeah bro all
hands on deck mother were they still
interested I'll make sure they don't
listen to me carefully okay this is
important if you steal something for me
today I will kill you it's not funny I
will literally kill you that's not
thrown at the problem put your hands in
here moving team up today
alright so we decided to start oh Jesus
that's scary we decided to start here
and like I just realized bro this sucks
like how do you decide what to keep them
with us there's just so much so much
okay so we were making progress slowly
but surely I'm not gonna lie having a
lot of ppl makes it much easier but this
still sucks dude traversing through the
parking garage let's go this makes it
really easy i feel bad for you
hoverboards for the win this is the rest
of our squad right here who can't tell
him and hammer the actual movers they
are much more efficient than us but
we're doing it guys there we go Kyle
researcher positive ones feelings are
you Kyle my man you could retire with
the solder this is such a complicated
path man we're like in some garage right
now by the way I'm carrying the famous
maverick painting a big walls of it love
gee I'm your new neighbor all right talk
to you later long till I get kicked out
of this place I give it two weeks
elevator number three how y'all feeling
for where are these right now the
underground tunnels heh cute evahh ffice
AKA that's going to be my worst
nightmare this is a elevator number four
we had explained to two groups
I will be sucks bro when I got my moving
sauce bro hey we've made it out of
elevator number 4 and here finally in
the resident section just look at these
hallways marriage is sophistication I'm
probably not a not going to show you my
room number but here we go hello oh my
and the 10 year old okay so we're in the
new apartment this place is looking
snazzy and clean this right here is
gonna be my bedroom that's right here
gonna be my bathroom hey and you guys
have seen this before but check out this
balcony on the edge of this donkey look
it's like on old yo this cat about to
commit suicide bro this is nuts look at
this drop guy don't you oh job Kenny you
got a lot to live for I came out here to
show you guys how cool and how big the
balcony was but there's just catch
trying to kill themselves there we go
yes good kitty good kitty so this is a
mattress oh my new mattress yo this
thing is actually really fun to puff up
nigga I do want to give a shout out to
Casper for sending me that bag and also
for giving us a box to put my stuff in
for the rest of the day that's for folks
do the real MVP thank you yo as they're
leaving I have one thing to say although
I live right next door I'm pretty sure
this is worse than moving from like
point A to point B because that will you
just load a truck right and then you go
to the new spot and this way we have to
go through for elevators a parking
garage of basement and then we're here
and I'll say it again it's just kind of
fun real good thing I got these son bro
hey I've done that a lot today I'll do
it again hey back for round two and
these guys saw some little gangsters
across the street hey there they are are
there screaming you guys are making them
scream like that used to be you guys I
was you Rosa now we're moving together
oh yeah that my boy is always plugging
why would have fun
I was pretty loud you okay you're going
to be okay I love you guys looking for
love you maverick always reppin cut pro
cheese man the Proteas gonna have a new
home this is crazy here you go buddy
I'll never let go except now I guess I
just let you go all right so this stuff
is going to take a bit to move but oh hi
mark oh hi mark I'm sorry bro we're
going to move this stuff soon you're
good for now though my boy run number
two here we go squad we got there hey
I'm not going to show you guys the floor
number but listen to what this chick
says hey I'm just saying broke girls are
gonna get off that elevator be like whit
you're in the penthouse yeah yeah yeah
baby I'm in the penthouse anyways come
to my room two more three more chest for
market maybe eight more Tristan we're
done ok as we were emptying out my
closet two things are coming to mind the
lovesac upstairs are going to be up to
that right there okay maverick we gotta
go ahead I know buddy we gotta put you
in the buck I was just kidding I'm not
putting you in the back row calm down I
got you tho bro I know I got you good
that's a bit but the good news is you
got your sexy ring on that's right at
least you look like a savage bro no it's
not great he's a good bird anyone loves
you you want to say hi he's just minding
his own business but don't worry about
navik he's gonna Pat you Oh said swore
no matter why keep swerving him bro I
will say normally he attacks people
broke so maybe it's cuz your hair is the
same color as his body you're fine
you're kind of off the Chams we have a
bar oh my boy is the bird whisperer yeah
I'll come back for you later maverick
don't worry buddy yo stop were you doing
oh that's my youtube black bro put it
back yeah they put it back put it back
I'll unleash the beast so as I was
explaining to these guys I kind of like
gave up in this portion of the room oh
no oh dear god no on it looks like
noodles my boys making noodles what do
you
no no they're not I don't even know yo
he must have stolen paper towels from
here and just drag them over here I look
like a total slob because you man you're
embarrassing me on youtube what yeah you
are no it's not my fault bro you're the
slow oh my god the closets are clearing
out and now we have one thing to do in
that Tim I mean okay I put that wrong
I'm not going to do my bird it's here we
gotta move my burgers fabric I have an
idea bro oh man I gotta tell you
something yeah we're gonna take you a
Hollywood what no bro we're taking you
in Hollywood Boulevard yeah bro we'll go
over a ride you're gonna be a wild barb
ever that's right that's right again
walk to my first yeah fabric welcome to
the real world buddy this is great
everything the light touches is all four
million dollars
polyresin we're going to go up to your
new house hey you guys don't know this
is like 150 pounds urges dead weight the
apartment it's pretty empty right now oh
my gosh this makes me sad hands and
everybody we killed it by the way we
still have more to do I have a meeting I
need to go to right now but uh savage
Africa's war two or three bye guys let's
do whoa wait whoa hey hi yo turn what is
this tight yo what is this frosting what
is this what did I tell you about
stealing my man do you remember what I
told you about tina's you know what I
have to do now what
okay so this is the meeting that I was
talking about I'm actually doing a
location scout at this art gallery check
it out man look at all this are and then
we got Kyle anyways yeah man this place
is fricking down and I'm directing the
why don't we boys music video again
that's right bro directed another music
video director looking back something
different I've used their songs in my
vlogs before it's kind of catchy goes
like this is good right going yeah
director Logan coming back tomorrow the
hats going on and it's cool because I
don't direct often so when I can
exercise that muscle I'm in anyways
we're done here we finished our work i'm
going to go back home keep moving dab
transition i think so well does that
work nice nice so this is actually kind
of sad bro i'm with my boy mark and me
just realized this is our last day as
roommates two years of being roommates
that I'm getting emotional walk bro
think about all the memories you had
neta forward literally so many memories
we get him to say 90 and think of the
whole year and a half we live together
where we didn't vlog remember cat does I
get specific names you can't do this i'm
mark and I getting nostalgic guys it's
hidden deep for us so we just figure we
get together have a nice room a meal I
used to live in your closet though yo
you did and now you're a YouTube star
you see the progression it's amazing
this brawl are you responded I'll stay
in your closet to look is that bro he'll
Seimei was consecrate my boy supposed to
be looking surprised when I was able to
do in that closet
wait I don't know for sure but i think
that was this master oh good now we're
doing the late night i just moved into
apartment across the street need some
new stuff for my new apartment run as a
good little run their little run their
emphasis on run there yo we've been here
five minutes and i hate it I hate having
to adult and buy stuff that makes me
feel like an adult honestly there's only
one thing I can do that I know I'm good
at okay y'all Rebecca my my new home and
this shot rolls around everything is
just a giant mess except one thing and
that's Kyle I'm sorry for whining so
much today guys just like as you can see
your boy got a lot of work to do do it
tomorrow you have to do it tomorrow
he'll get done eventually anyway
directive okay coming back tomorrow
which actually means I probably won't do
this tomorrow well whatever Logan you
know I love you before I sign off Carla
is one thing to say oh yeah follow me on
instagram at Logan poles yeah follow him
on Instagram at that last handle that
you heard I'll see you tomorrow okay
take it easy friend
like she's that
see
what are you doing row focus Jesus cut
