take me to the booth hey who's in charge
why am i recording the bougie booth you
guys get a nice studio sorry for the
aggression there I don't know what came
over me this is my breakfast is nothing
really cool about it but I wanted you to
see and now that you saw that let's talk
about today one day guys very busy David
very fun first thing on the agenda
I'm test driving the Lamborghini you
guys know my brother also wants to buy a
Lamborghini so he's coming too I think
and we might be a Lamborghini brother
I'm talking lambreaux so there's really
only one thing to do maverick
merchandise we got the black and white
seat we got the colorful team we got
whatever though that is we got the
Maverick texty we got the black tank top
and we got the Lambros let's go oh this
sure gives me power bro like I feel like
you also can we talk about this what we
got here okay look can you imagine if I
walked in and I saw what up t-shirt
going to buy some Lambos oh I don't know
if I'm actually gonna buy today uh it's
just like it's a lot of money and I
don't know if I want to spend it all
right now on it you know I got to make a
good decision no no good decisions are
important that's how you got addicted to
meth so I'm on my way to the dealership
and I forgot I don't have my driver's
license I lost my wallet like a year ago
and just never got a replace it's my
fault you know this all comes with being
an adult which I suck at so I'm hoping
you don't need your driver's license to
drive a Lamborghini
what's up with you
oh just the Lambros Oh for me I mean
like it's yours if that's the question
you're asking if you get a Lambo I get a
Lambo
yeah does that not make us Lambros I
can't put this on until did you get it
full fine you're right you're right
you're right but just yo this is for you
you keep it and get you're my brother he
came to support my dumb decisions to
stop you from making donuts this will
work if I text my driver's license - yes
oh my baby
god damn this cars so his tech zero is
it a little girly need to get black rims
though right I need black rims I gotta
change these rims
bye jakey I love you this is it all
right man you know the dude always put
your seatbelt on when you get in this
car right see look you are having to
make a decision
just a boy from Ohio job in the Lambo
this is something wrong what does that
mean like it's up to you now to feel it
for yourself I'm gonna feel this so go
for it okay
hi baby I miss you there is it's just
pow that's what I'm saying
Wow after I'm saying I thought it was
gonna be like one flaw not one not one
right now one only beautiful coordinates
bro now we have to test-drive the
Huracan which is the other version of
the nice 1/2 do we get to drive the
other car ok so this is the Lamborghini
Huracan I'm just testing the model of
the car I would not get this exact car
but you got to do it guys you gotta do
your research
Logan it's you it's quick Jay Paul I
love you I need to leave text me bro all
right don't forget your Lambros t-shirt
it's going down ever murtra we have a
virtual boy boys my boy my man Jake Paul
got this shirt for you bro be a maverick
will be a maverick and rise against you
the others that's my boy so like 15
minutes has passed and I just got this
voice memo from Jake - okay guys I
definitely have some thinking to do this
is like such a big decision and I know
it's like all I've been talking about
these past like eight vlogs and I'm
reading all your comments so thank you
guys for giving me your input so the
next vlog to talk about the Lamborghinis
and the Lambros I will have made my
decision
Oh big moves guys big we are back on
track continuing to live the day up next
if you guys remember I was writing a
song with the why don't we boys and die
it's pretty heat dude it's pretty good
today I record my part and it ended up
being like really good dudes like I
don't want to raise the bar too high but
like also let me just point out what are
they doing bro they're doing the drugs
up there bro you guys doing some drug
get this digits Geoffrey you guys doing
the drugs lie ok so ignoring the drug
girls out there you guys all ready for
this guns up all this girls here dude
he's got these boys are smashing they're
so young what are you doing uh I'll be
the vlog guy who films the pool guy
just here to clean your pool don't mind
us we're just cleaning your pool you're
pretty good at this bro if you ever not
my manager you could be a pool guy still
super confused how these young kids get
to live in a house that overlooks all of
LA but that's cool yeah they come hey
boy you guys done with your meme a
mamamoo's you ready to make the most
heat song 2017 hey your boys on the
track react we actually dropped our song
today so I'll talk about the one we're
gonna make don't be is it what does it
call again I've heard this song okay
friendly competition it's actually
really good can I use it in this vlog
because it's out right you're giving me
the song here we go yeah okay
next next 30 seconds montage to the song
look at that we can paint a perfect
picture
high quality I still I'm looking around
at this like eyeball things staring at
me to face and I don't know how they
record such high quality songs so we
actually we make for you just take what
you mean you just said you were I like
it should I be rapport yes I mean it
doesn't matter so you fuck you you guys
actually have a studio yeah hey who's in
charge why am i recording the bougie
booth you guys get a nice studio
I'm gonna make this a banger just so I
can record in the fancy studio that's my
only motivation I'm making record
student we're making hitch do these
jeans make me look fat yeah I know you
want the answer but I'm smart in that's
a trip
I'm not a singer we got two heaters in
the hat's Congrats on the release guys
the new single we also made another
single called healthy description we're
talking about what do you mean muggin
that links in the description for what
you guys prefer a song for your song
yeah you know I'm editing this vlog
right like yeah I mean you always go
through things do things what one thing
dad what I what I was driving home dude
I was listening to their that their new
debt man I was listening to their song
something different the whole time bro
those kids made a 22 year old doll male
is this happening you got a 22 year old
male addicted to your music sick okay
yeah like young Zach said the link is in
the description
number two the song that we made the one
that I made with them it's called help
me help you and I sing on it and like
eyes it is so good I had goosebumps
listening to it the whole time so just
be ready it's called like I said help me
help you
number three another thing in the
description on maverick merch link in
the description Lambos t-shirt
everything and with that said fam logo
that is the vlog tomorrow we are driving
out to the desert and smashing some
stuff maybe you know their job see you
guys tomorrow
did I already say that I don't know all
right take it easy fam logging I love
you boo
you're holding all the money we're gonna
make off this song
