what's up everybody its DJ back you have
you literally can't even say your own
name ok guys once again it is really
early is 544 in the morning right now
I'm currently at all not currently I'm
about to head to set for yet another
episode of low compel but by the way
guys I see you guys commenting where can
i watch the show where can i watch the
local ball vs it's not a platform online
that Comcast owns it's called watchable
watchable yeah it's free obviously and
when it comes out you guys be the first
to know I'm wearing you on my shirt
maverick look it that's you yeah I know
sexy right so this is Marc room as you
know it's like 6:00 in the morning but
wait is singing where is my heart I see
an empty bed I'm like no where could he
be my boy is either with a girl right
with a boy or he gave up his Hollywood
dreams and moved back to Ohio probably
the second one but let's go upstairs
yeah we go yeah we go and where is our
wait a second do it bro I got stuff to
do Logan Valle vs. baby lowers the
substitute teacher today I'm like
teaching kids in the elementary schools
yeah but enough about me Marc what
happened last night I got something for
you mom goodbye Marc I love you buddy
sleep tight so you guys know I don't
drive off and I pretty much over
everywhere so I get stuff done but today
they wanted me to drive my baby so we
can use it in the shot hey baby how you
doing this morning
uh-huh wait what oh you can't talk cause
you're a car that's right Oh here's the
good news update update Lamborghini
update your boy is test driving some
Lamborghinis tomorrow oh yeah man if I'm
gonna make a purchase that big I need to
know that it drives like a freakin seven
so this is our set today it is an actual
school the Sun is just coming up over
the horizon
oh I will be a substitute yeah good
morning
they will call me mr. Logan I will put
useless information into their brain
like the history of dabbing so the first
shot is actually in my car like I said
oh look at these lights and check this
out low gang you must know I'm always
reppin the low gang even on my show oh
look they're eyeballing me hello guys
look they're looking at me don't look at
me no don't look at me nothing to see
here I have a question for myself is it
weird that I'm just sitting in my car
vlogging these elementary kids yeah
probably I probably should stop then
again right they approve the episode
we're doing is the whole day I don't
know man that's kind of weird what do
you got some pep turd
thank you we literally have a list of
who the third grade troublemakers are
Diego is the most mischievous child in
the class he will give you a run for
your money so as we suspected some of
these kids do know who I am
how how do you think they know me they
think he's Jake yeah I knew graphic is
younger is he's on the Disney Channel
here we go
I can't be yo this is bad Mon know
there's so many can't see is like this
Bennett alright let's have our meeting
can you think caramel okay sorry
okay watch these pigeons are kissing
look I was right these pigeons are
kissing guys what are these pigeons
doing look at their kids I swear to god
these pigeons are about to have sex dude
these pigeons are mating Bennett oh my
god oh my god oh my god look at that
one's like let me get in there threesome
threesome oh oh he's like that's my
chick that's my side chick bro the game
chasing him he's like yo get out of here
I'm trying to smash my boy oh damn this
is sick bro look at he's making himself
bigger as to scare his foe and the
chicks just like fight over me boys who
wants this match all these pigeons about
to do this in front of this whole thing
this is crazy bro man the school there's
no limits you can hear these kids in
here this is absolute chaos oh my god
wish me luck guys
it's a big day for mr. Logan let's do
this hey guys say hello to the vlog
I'm the first blogging teacher ever hey
sit back down sit back down
sit back down whoa whoa whoa wait okay
yo this is getting out ahead everyone
back in the seats Benny this is
something wrong it's gonna be a good
episode man whose kids are gnarly you
guys know when I was in school we didn't
have iPads and technology they give you
iPads Wow what are you doing can you
flip that bottle and land it what animal
is this do you know what that is I'm
sorry
what no it's not a collage is what
platypus is right yes just being around
these kids makes me feel so young you
know all this use I will say they're
also stressing me out
a lot because everyone's yelling at me
and I feel like I'm just growing gray
hairs no that that's me that's a picture
of me Logan she's onto me
guys she's done to me she knows I'm
lying she knows I'm lying my last name
is Jake gosh she's onto me he knows my
mom is savage true sure she is yo all
these guys are so cute but you know the
cutest is okay tell your mama joke what
go good know she wear a bikini people
say it's good she's been called that
when is he here no chilly
outside she brought a bowl outside don't
get that one we got you guys suck at
these jokes I'm gonna be honest with you
you got the kids outside trying to play
basketball made sure to park right in
the middle so they couldn't what's up
dude no Jake Paul is my brother no no
Jay Paul is my brother this is great cuz
they all watch my vlogs so they're
asking me like specific questions it's
coming soon I think I think I'm test
driving tomorrow actually what question
the duct tape that Jake popular my room
I like to take Papa now
oh no it has to stop keep yelling I'm
gonna take them away from you
we're about to have a paper airplane
throwing competition they're all like
lined up in made paper airplanes who's
going what is that problem I said make a
paper airplane what did you origami is
not your strong point my favorite one
has got to be this one right here what
is that
I'm having way too much fun teaching
these kids about the future and at the
same time it's really stressing me out
this is why I'm never gonna have kids
guys this is it for me there Diego I've
seen you on the waterless bro you a
troublemaker bro I've seen you do you
want this oh sure sure you want a back
massage do you want a million dollars
back you literally can't even say your
own name she's popping out here oh my
gosh my hairs are getting great yo that
was exhaust dude ah it's so hard to be a
teacher
I suck at teaching it is hard guys to
run a class full of eight year old I
work out I do physical activity but
nothing nothing nothing ever compares to
what I just did I don't know if you guys
could tell or were able to tell but dude
I'm just dry Energy's drained but I got
the shirt on guys be a maverick right
this is giving me energy bro like be a
maverick just sit around and go to sleep
I still got stuff to do guys stuff that
will make me better so I can become the
best version of myself ah baby
that potential squeezing everything I
can out of this day because after all
unless I invent a time machine or
something I'm never gonna get it back
Wow yeah baby this shirt types me up bro
and on that note I think it's time to go
work out age okay I'm not gonna lie
there was a cut there and during that
time George walked in so what's going on
with you Joe okay so this is what that
happened that you guys who came into my
room and I know you skipped up on my
rules
you know so what does it have to do with
this the mustache the Italian accent
yeah Miguel add us the most beautiful
idea you ever hear in your life so I
come and I shave my face are gonna be in
Italian a man okay this is get him
nauseous real quick ask me my name I
don't know what you just said I think he
said something about painting a chapel
in marks room but I'm not sure I could
really understand him but that should be
interesting to come back to after my
workout but if you look across the
street here we still got some little
gangsters ah there they are
there are being Mavericks dabbing in
sand
that's my boy yeah man mmm moving Sunday
yeah man they kicked me out of here huh
and there's a lot of memories also a lot
of disgusting messes so I'm kind of glad
I'm leaving but I am gonna miss it man a
lot of viral videos shot here a lot of
logs what it's time to move on to bigger
and better things you know cuz that's
what live worked like this for example
oh god what did you do paint yo Marky
came up to me no I do he comes up he
goes I heard Chapel and then he goes did
a beautiful painting and I like what and
then this talking about all right
no you close but it's not done yet
can the artist explain to me his vision
yeah but okay I think this arose I think
there's a son I just want to know the
artists vision oh I'm just like there's
a rose in the Sun I just don't know what
he was thinking I just there's so much
stuff there I just wasn't Hey okay guys
thank you for watching I love you
looking I'll see you tomorrow maverick
merch link in the description
as you bid
what are we doing what are you doing
what is happening Oh bro he loves you
that's the cutest thing I've seen my
whole
