i ca fly to space and back
 
about it yeah good morning okay not good
nucle touch for the notes bro hell yeah so
there's a reason that I started off the
day singing and that is because I am
singing with uh i'm making a track with
designer today you guys know the song
that he may it's about that endangered a
bear sort of animal it goes like this
that's the one what's up complete Panda
Panda Panda
hmmm stood there I got
my got my meal right here I got some food in me
also within this box ooh you guys have
no ideas so as you know or may not know my
birthday is coming up on April first I
might be dropping some awesome official
Logan Paul murch brah until march around that time I'm
talking March where the matter socks are
lit I mean these things are great but we
need to expand our arson first item on
the agenda though we have a production
meeting for logan paul vs. season two
it's a like the boring stuff behind
making this show happen I don't know but
we're going so let's go I could brought
up in another here with job yeah his
energetic yeah i think our whole team is
here somewhere maybe in there oh good
morning good morning oh yeah okay so
people are still shuffling in i'm gonna
take this time to do stuff on this
beautiful thing y'all know i love green
screens right you know i love that oh
I'm an Aegis okay wait now where am I oh
I'm in the bathroom this coil is
everyone cool it's melting here to worry
about it i'm just making green screen
jokes bennett come on bro the vlog loves
you the low gang loves you by the way
can I get this chair I know it says
director of your camera check it's not
worth it rough that's here i need a blog
i drop the papers everywhere damage yes
don't look now but I think I'm looking
at the smoothest donut I've ever seen in
my life how can a donut be this smooth
and perfect maze and the Apple to what
is this place this guy who's going to
listen attentively and myself gets
camera I am listening guys I gotta do
this meeting I'll be back I could
brought in another famous ice well we're
back home I'm so sorry I'm screaming cuz im hungry
I need to wake myself up as usual your
boy is tired but I'd usually ain't got
no time to retire I gotta change it and
we gotta go sing with the design hey hi
yeah I'm good oh you heard going to sing
with that yeah yeah yeah the mama mia yeah
the Panda guy haha while we're in the
car on the way there will be a wangsta
party without my silver sunglasses ha ha
ha ha what Wow vocal wars vocal warm-ups
of prime importance me mama mama lama
red leather yellow leather red leather
yellow leather our now brown cow ok I
think that's good nice nice record broke
records well that's what we're making
today record we're in room C for anyone
that wants to stalk us we're in room C
oh hello we're here to make songs yes ok
cool wow thank you yo this is way oh my
yahoo that guy's is meelo g-dubs so when
we walked in designer was actually
playing one of his unreleased tracks and
for obvious reasons I cannot show you or
let you hear the song even though I love
you here's us meeting like soon to be
best friends forever and with that let's
continue the vlog so I'm about to get my
makeup designer is chilling next to his
tracks fires son to the next to that
fires done so i'm talking about rogue
what did you say your name was i found
this interesting Spanish that's my name
of a language yeah I'm gonna change my
name to a German because my man Remo is
from German game so I got my makeup
bottom looking at sexy as I can possibly
be for a charge also ok so this is the
studio right here see it's right here
apparently this is the studio that dr.
Dre reported in that
one guy on designer recorded here and
other dude logan paul will record here
and i don't know i like i can't tell if
this mike is ready for the fire he not
ready but I'm ready baby
yo its exhausted ok here's what I hate
about coming into singing not a singer
like I can sing I can kind of hit some
note this is fairly difficult for me bro
by the way what does all this stuff
actually do like juices each one of
these have like a certain function is
just a sea of buttons like come on all
of these can't actually do something
then again what do I know right i'm
just- i'm sorry i have the gold
sunglasses from the man what is on your
wrist river yo yo yeah I see road Jesus
I thought I was cool god Bless America
let's chop it up it look good on camera
kid ah logan paul and designer seeing
101 common mark take one moment designer
oh man yo thank you for coming the
studio man helping me write a hit song
already told oh yeah i was telling you
guys gonna deal with this chick this one
is dedicated to designer I've got broads
in Atlanta ah that black like a panda
credit cards and the scanners dont
the rest of the words in da bando in da bando yeah
admit I got bars bro
is he is that a damn is my boy down
my god not a singer but I'm having too
much fun right now let's do a technical
difficulties wizard alien aliens are
interrupting my bars because they know
I'm to fly and if I keep talking like
this i'ma lose my singing voice Alma
stop what did you guys do I was like
this all makes sense sounds awesome hit
but English my bars were so hot you mean
was surprisingly just spilled on the
keyboard it was so far they were too
broke to be honest with you man I doubt
all these buttons like really do
something so maybe
okay toss a few hours is crazy he's only
getting worse when seconds later oh no
what are we even have you got Mickey
Mouse and slogan eagle bald eagle down
guys this me it just me those days
good hahahaha can you teach me how to
make these noises you look over the ages
you hungry dear it's already oh I just
feel like an idiot bro imma leave it up
to you my man killed my man killed it
what you eatin bro what we got here
that's what's up you mean student and futter
photo why you have a German snack row
here in America we do it well I'm gonna
get you an American snacks oh this is it
for oh Jesus my man everyone loves
cheese's you got also that was not paid
Jesus you're welcome for the plug
and fuck you oh my god we finished that
was incredible designer is one of my new
favorite people like I got George he's
cool I got marquee school for designer
he got there bro I gotta learn how to do
his noises but I can't even do headed
back to the kripo right now so yeah
let's do this ok we are back home but I
realize we're leaving like right now
going to the movies dude me and my boys
don't go see a movie yes it's a fact
also I just realized I'm fooling a prank
tomorrow on my brother Jake you guys
know Jake Pope he does this thing he I'm
the Disney Channel he goes here we go
but when i walked in i saw these
packages you all remember all the boxes
that i got in the mail the other day
yeah well they're for this prank i have
messed brother Jake up in the past I
have really
with this one hahahaha was gonna take
the cake like he's normally cool with
the pranks this one he might actually be
pissed at me who it is right he's gonna
be really mad she like team was like
dialogue from the back and yeah I can
say it in today's vlog because by the
time this one is up will already be
finished shooting anyways bro it time to
go get some dinner and watch a movie
with my boys hey i'm at the pier with my
boo I'm pleasing so now that we're here
are you guys ready to go back home ok
cool oh why does it happen ok we are
back home to be honest with you I don't
even know why I brought my camera is
moving but I did so you guys can see
that part of my life a team of
background noises phenomena and that is
it for the blog my family low gang I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
take it easy BAM
xu bitch mom to watch me alone I'm going
up and down i love you i love more
