oh hey good morning low gain what we
should I say what's poppin like I always
do I don't know if I like that guys I
don't know if I like the woods but I
call me some no no anyway yeah how are
you guys you guys good if you look good
I'm glad I feel good I'm out here
definitely out here I'm alive that's a
good thing okay who wants to go workout
no I'm wondering if it's like illegal to
be truthful you know they're not gonna
lie guys and slowly hitting that point
hey I'm just kidding I lift weights like
a little girl double just kidding bra I
pushed those lbs I'm talking about kg
yeah what am i working out with Harry
Potter's do they wrote Harry Potter
strong dude Avada Kedavra mother hey if
you noticed my vlogs I haven't hit the
gym in a while so this is good this is a
nice little refresher for me yeah people
are staring at me yeah I'm all about oh
yeah ok yo I destroyed that work out
Gallo protein shake right here my chest
is plump my heart is something that my
hips are bumping dude so I'm walking
home and look what I see what is this
bro like oh my god this doesn't describe
my life perfectly now it looks like
maverick right it's not necessarily his
colors oh my god it's a pair of broke
this is this is my bear it's like at
times like this i realized i have a bird
problem it's so cool though where who is
the owner of this you guys know who's
the owner of that bird is
the bird bird no gaming is he in here
the other the owner of the bird is in
there somewhere i'll look there's me hey
Logan somewhere in there what is going
on what's happening don't think I'm a
lot in here like these guys hopefully
don't say anything but I'm a walk-in
it's a private production but I need
that bird oh my god suddenly this all
make sense where am I right out well we
got Gorillaz dinosaurs shark what is
this there's like rocket ships up this
is a guy flying right here this is right
next door to my house well my house now
as you guys know I'm getting kicked out
I also don't know how no one has said
anything to me like people are working
and no one's kicked me out I'm just
gonna bounce this is actually pretty
peaceful haha go vibart I can't steal
you cuz that's wrong if only you knew
what I just saw what yes it was you it
was an exact replica of you the colors
were off I'm not gonna lie oh it's not
my fault that I make it I'm good thanks
for asking had a good list got my chest
pumping yet my heart in my heart
something to you and yeah my hips were
busted okay max no more small talk I
gotta shower I got a fitting to go to
for a big fashion event Wow love you too
buddy and boom okay we are in Beverly
Hills my hair dude I need a haircut soon
ah ok there we go I'm with Timo yo
what's up bro i'm going to show you what
I phone you see my car
yep that's my car bro losing all my vine
money guys I was able to afford this
damn bro yeah how'd you like it I love
it yeah man yeah it's mine go really no
like our Honda bet it was an oeuvre man
I got out of the honda because i was in
an uber still have a big butt yeah if it
was my car if you take a picture of that
be more like what you say hell yeah take
a picture you broke I think I got a
couple good ones bro all right oh oh
look if I see Tyga look you might see
God put it love your car bro hack it so
we've been in Beverly Hills for three
minutes already extremely distracted who
could this be it's Jeff my name's yes a
manager Jeff very good yeah oh you see
me yep sign me bros night me dehra dun
dun dun dun dun yeah yeah this place is
so nice bro yes look at what I'm wearing
I'm so out of it I need help can't you
do something with it I I said the same
thing i was looking at it and it was no
it's not a control it doesn t to be
utter something what do you guys say old
styled style like this maybe we take the
unicorn I can rock it like maybe nope I
got you know the rocket major Josh book
Josh Berg give me some sperrys and a
nice little like colo bro I'm a frat boy
stop it children are you gonna are you
having a sexy today thank you please she
hitting on me bro so is that wampa oh my
god he was he's Lily doesn't make sense
he really uses here oh my god i'm pretty
sure he was wearing this in one of his
recent Instagram so this is it yeah you
guys see the resemblance yours there we
don't I missed you wanta oh I just
missed you bro Donald Trump is
separating us via all the walls possible
my Mexican hermano
I'm just curious educate me because I'm
nothing about fashion how much is like
rumba t-shirts for example how long 5
515 hutch you're the button now
advertise done great job we got options
I think we just go ahead and what I am
on road to asheville big rock the
muscles oh this is too tight right yeah
just just a little too tight man this is
why don't you fashion bro I'm living up
to for Allah does though sorry much time
what you need to type I think it's
perfect but especially the crotch it's
bumpkin serious I like the rest nothing
its move but uh something might go down
this look I just kappa why they let me
in this form oh I don't belong in
Beverly huh I'm going back to Ohio you
guys later confirm that's not a joke
Ohio might be the move la what is going
on why is it raining you come all the
way from Germany bro and this is what
you what do you think right now
why it sucks man I mean not only does
the rain make everyone sad but it makes
fimo forget how to speak English I said
efficiency what is he saying I don't
know yeah we got to go home now and then
actually i'm checking out new apartment
I have to as you guys know they're
kicking me out of my place if you didn't
get the message in yesterday's vlog it's
because the fans low gang stands across
the street at the parking garage i need
you i love you guys but I need you to
stop you gotta chill and it hurts me to
say that point yet oh wait i also bought
this thing gold sunglasses baby Oh 18
karat son I honestly don't know what
that means i don't buy jewelry often but
I got a gazillion I nice oh hi mark oh
hi Mark are you dude Gary we think my 18
karat gold sunglasses already saw him on
your story but what what a story your
Instagram story how Logan Paul's you
want to follow me there but wait wait
really yeah you put him up feel that's
disappointing man that was an hour ago
bro I keep up the day with my roommate
yo but that doesn't make any sense like
how can I inform you on my life if
you've already seen everything it takes
the fun away from me I'm blocking you
I'm blocking you right now I sort out
marked Instagram her hair go ahead and
block my boys block my soreness mark
thrown a block it was a suitable i can
actually inform you about i like what
fuck you kind of walk two phones one for
the plug and one for the hoes amp up and
i'll break haha yo they I knew it
that's not you know work yeah I'm
blocking my day uh yeah for the people
dead damn you should be an Instagram
model ah potentially potentially I'm
unblocking my boy unblock there we go
thank you know bro yeah every way that
follow we do sailor you unfollow me I
think when you block it automatically an
apology yeah man you took two wells
right there it's okay yo anyways I'm
gonna check out new apartments right now
at the w next door still feel hurt yeah
that's no kind of suck look who's here
George Brandon you guys are your market
here oh honey oh hi Mark also i just
want to take this time to point out
vlogger extremely intense camera logger
extremely intense camera blogger little
tiny camp guys you don't need equipment
to make you better ask your girlfriend
literally makes no sense well no see if
you had bigger hard ways you would have
a girlfriend would you say oh yeah it is
a thing let me sit belches ah dude i
don't think i've heard you swear without
that like weird beeping thing in such a
long time it's like they have all the
habits of related to realize too when I
cus i want to say things like that's me
i'm in tobacco what happened here but
George is coming to check out apartments
with that so let's go so my building is
right here okay we are checking out this
building right here not that's alright
you can handle that as a friend you're
gonna be okay come on don't cry bro we
good bro don't cry George I have
something that'll make you feel better
I'm okay know what we got here Oh what
about me I don't remember oh my god this
is such a big balcony I'm one person
this is for like four people again it's
still raining you forgot to speak
English that one looks local hey Mike I
think it would look cool what what no I
wasn't this is party materials oh you
literally won't be able to get girls out
of here bro exhibit a ah and bro think
of all the plants I could plan bro so
much room for plant George r√©pondre
apartment Brown there's George's lovesac
there's his apartment literally see into
my room I know bro so anytime I boy /
and roll leave those blogs OU based out
of weird I think so if I moved in here G
the Logan could stand on that roof I
think until I get kicked out of this
place so pay attention guys you got to
get up there does it come with this
silver horse bro yeah nope wait built in
fridge one and wine for adults and stuff
oh my god how's the shower pretty the
toilet is almost nice enough really it's
just kind of regular and I like my
toilets like I like my glasses golden I
love Oh what we got here the hallway
wait what you two doors in here you can
get it with cool in this in the closet
yeah man this this is poppin right here
little closet at all no bathroom hallway
a cookie yeah okay we got the second
bedroom the cool thing about this is how
this post is just right here this is the
kind of boat but it's okay we doing both
get off that bed it's not yours you
don't belong here you're a really soft
bed though I keep laying on it I won't
be soft but I think if I do this I'm
gonna need a roommate oh look at me
after this goes out in the balcony as
well
god this balcony is in Creole what you
doing bro bro come on we don't even know
if the waterworks I know it is a nice
bathroom oh I can hear the trickle this
is no but yeah nice little cute little
secondary bathroom the water is this i
don't know okay we are now on the roof
all I told you plants plants everywhere
man the first thing I do when I move
here is just plant plants everywhere oh
this is a good side it's a snail look at
this was another low I'll Gary from
spongebob is that you now leave it alone
we belong bro you're in danger
endangered bro I'll be the letter no
George that's not what Americans do I
know you're a serious but you need to
chill oh my goodness oh I'm at the w
back I meet you in the lobby yo this is
popping popping level high oh is that
our apartment yeah this is our complex
my house is over there got a little
freaked out you guys to look into my
apartment that uses I don't mind it bro
again just leave the blinds open when
you smash will be gravy there's an
infamous parking garage that is just the
real April come yo you guys can still
come away from a beer yeah but this is I
mean this is awesome we got like awnings
and stuff and more of them and got to
know the weather sucks right now but
this view is again litmus level high
besides the cranes in Hollywood and
stuff for ya look at this to 360 view
first is having currently active
diarrhea or who have had active diarrhea
within the previous 14 days shall not be
allowed to enter the pool no I got about
Susan apparently okay so we just
finished and we saw some other
apartments that I wasn't worried wasn't
really into they just weren't worthy of
the vlog but now we are walking back
there George's building oh god that
sounds weird my ex building which is
actually right here so it's not a very
long walk he was my main building not
you my ex building you hurt my feelings
oh hey bro so I just checked out this
apartment bro Chuck are you below are
you looking for a roommate bro I'll be a
roommate might be the move bro I just
want to say that and that I love you
okay I invited good news and bad news
broke bad news i think i am gonna move
tonight to not disappoint the complex
you still gonna be my boy right yeah if
you're good news the good news right now
you could save a 15-percent on your arm
sir try switching baby is gone mausam oh
boy this is this bro he's moving out of
1600 yo the w might be the move for me
dude yeah well now you're still my boy
bro still my boy I'll do the same thing
to do with marks you'll have hair so
doesn't work as well good bro i'll still
be next door will be there everybody
that's what I like here bro that's the
day guys I think yeah that's it I will
say when I walked back into this
apartment today I was like I just don't
know if the compete and I'm happy that I
still get to live close to my boys
because i realized i don't really like
go places to hang out with people i got
my boys are here I do my work and then
we chill bro so yeah that's a good thing
as usual I have fun stuff planned for
this week so stay tuned if you are not
subscribed make sure you join the low
gang join the family because we are this
level Max and I will see you tomorrow
take it easy Sam
if you bitch yo I'm so sorry yeah I
wasn't even recording that time I don't
know what happen
