mom I can't talk right now so it's funny
I just actually signed up yesterday's
vlog and now I'm gonna go work out so
without talking to my okay I got my
protein shot gate right here that is
French for shake just kidding I lied I
also lied about having my shake cuz it's
gone now and drank it in between the cut
there bitch also can I just address one
thing talk about the meth that I tried
to make yesterday first up let me also
say it was candy meth if you missed that
not real men not drugs candy not drugs
good anyways look okay so apparently if
I left this stuff out for four hours
it's supposed to harden do you see some
of you see a problem with that oh wait a
second it's still liquid no this sucks
dude this was not an epic fail this was
a catastrophic fail no did it not harden
it's like it became anti freeze
something happened along the way that I
dug anyway I got a fun collab today
there's these big YouTube guys they're
called uh the f two guys they do soccer
tricks I'm going to collab with them and
sent them Arnie so I'm gonna shower off
and then we're gonna get poppin here
like this kind of like that alright
let's do it
oh yeah but here's my boy there is hi
how are ya
mmm I'm so sorry about the whole mess
thing never ik I excuse me what that we
gotta get you into rehab
what no you need to go to rehab because
it's illegal yeah it is yeah it is and
it's also no it is and it's also bad for
your health
listen maverick I'm gonna look into some
drug rehabilitation things and then
hopefully you can get just together I
love you transition okay we have trekked
all the way to Santa Monica looking for
these soccer guys oh you know doesn't
say you know who else is here uh manager
Jeff yeah my name's yeah I'm no
mathematician but after looking around
I'm guessing they're by the soccer
fields yeah bro you're decked out
brought the cleats and everything look
good rub them in some dirt to make him
look used oh wait that's something you
would do but yeah anyway I'm looking at
these guys these are their like
professionals that ridiculous Shawn no
because I suck it suck it like all
sports that aren't football and
wrestling what's up what's up I'm Logan
nice to meet you bro
also what are you doing I'm just we're
not using this is just my own amusement
oh cool yeah no no it's pretty amusing
where are you from dude nope London UK
and you too yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't
I can't talk like you guys for the day
maybe we're not Australia we don't like
you guys talk like Americans and you
talk like I talk about British helium
you guys have all the toys and Jeff -
that's cool yeah so this is this is the
helium yeah you got a helium tank oh
that's great bro I did that once and I
almost died I took the whole tank by
myself don't do too much helium kids oh
there we go oh it's going down let's
hear that American accent exactly like
me you gotta make sure you subscribe to
the channel man yeah Jeff in the
background let's see what you got bro oh
oh are you good at soccer too - oh my
god wound who saw this coming bro yeah
yeah oh no way no way yo what you know
what I got smoked in a race by my
brother this weekend these guys are
about to school me today in soccer I
gotta do some helium that'll make me
feel better
all right what'd I say give me something
line native tongue the gages mustard is
different gravy don't know what you just
said imma give it a go
the phone you know just jump into bed
with me fella prowess and put me in the
goal whose idea was the best ball Jordan
go plus I get yo my man I'm gonna need
to put subtitles for you
the problem is I think look at my shoes
right now I'm not wearing cleats they're
flat right this is just me making
excuses I have this which is probably
gonna come off I have my maverick socks
which make you better faster stronger
you guys have something I could like way
ahead of you know the boots feedback oh
yo you guys are dope man thank you
I like this bro everybody I like this
bro
oh I'm a good dresser epic montage oh
not ready spike up what's up this heavy
flicks like Machine Gun Kelly needed to
be Ed Gein ever gloves ready that's even
the big dogs Donna don't say a word just
shut up admit you've never seen someone
as out here as I am right now in this
moment you're changing the game right
now I'm changing the guy by yo so I'm
going first
sick dude let's do this I'm gonna get my
ass would I worried about the f2 guys
I'm not gonna lie 5% chance that I
blocked their goal however Jeff when it
comes to Jeff yo
no problem who's that first I want you
to give me your a hundred and ten
percent
oh boy yeah
you have to pick the side
this is not a good vlog don't go easy
we don't do easy Jeff don't hold back
he's going up he's done it
good collab guys well gang thanks for
watching we'll see you next time skinny
I don't think I ever could have blocked
the either of your guys it was just too
precise he was getting there I don't
think I was you guys are so positive
it's making me sick yeah I'm gonna mess
you up jump or do I get the captain's
banned I'm ready for this captain's
banned I did chest today so my visor
gonna let me just get around it yeah
I did biceps today yeah sorry about that
bro move maybe we forego the captain's
bed yeah for this side right we'll make
it I don't think it will grow I got some
yo there's no chance bro they're so
precise there's no chance you put it
right there how is that even possible
I'm up I'm gonna get you here we go job
he wanted that he really wanted that
that's the most I've ever seen Jeff one
I'm a being this one bro this one's
going to the playground
like I'm good hunting I could do it I
could get it across the whole field
alright we're doing a punting contest
can't even pawn this boat I were doing a
punching contest we are each getting one
ball it's totally unique no sunshine
always ever done a punting contest wait
what
see this is my American mind being
actually useful for something an intro
ethnic arms folded boo boo you're right
ready and cue it you almost made it
halfway
yo yo cake just like see really athletic
do
yo since I got one W under my belt
can you call me Cristiano Ronaldo for
the rest of the day
don't Christian Vande Cristiano Ronaldo
you heard it here first I see nice
you've got a W I'm cooling you now all
right oh leg flexibility bro do you know
in China they call me the split man
listen I'm not even lying to get it yo
that was I'm embarrassed I'm feel I feel
awkward no that's I think it gets worse
every time to be honest with you that
was rough you good bro it's hot I knew
my shirt was gonna come off you got what
you have to leave is Miss meetings come
on oh yeah someone's gotta work you go
do the work no I actually have a weird
request for you guys can you kick the
balls into my wiener
now that will never be not that before
do you think your precision is good
enough to get a couple nut shots like
like trick shots but nut shots you see
the actress you'd have to hit them up
massive the roasts session begins yeah
so I'm a little nervous we're gonna give
this a little test hopefully this
doesn't hurt my wiener oh I'm fine no
you're fine good shot good shot let's do
this mom
I can't talk right now
that hurts all right let's go farther
bonkers
and a few more thing six seven Mormon
back home with a few more I think I
think i'ma call it a day on that for the
all the low gang watching I understand
that this was the title of the video
however watch it easy boy for the safety
of my down area I'm gonna complicate yo
you know it's funny I can feel my right
testicle right here in like my lowest AB
I feel it's still there so hey good shot
dude you guys are pretty accurate if you
don't have kids you know that you play I
put you up to it neither of them feel
terrible bro
you guys are happy I made you do it I
like these guys they're fun it is time
to go yo good Hank's today that was
thanks for a second who are you
I'm Conner I I guess by Conner let us so
yeah not sure with you guys what I got
to say it's not the first time someone's
hit me in the dick and bounced hey yo so
I'm cleaned off and back in bust Lee
hustlin Hollywood I got myself a protein
smoothie I needed a little energy I
realized that working out then getting
hit in the nuts really tires you out
right now I'm just kind of chillin you
know running some errands do an adult
thing but yo do you know what I realized
I have this friend he's a really good
friend of mine and I have not seen him
in a while in fact neither of you guys
and he's back he's been gone for a
little bit I didn't like it but he's in
that building I think we're gonna go
find him and say
what George who's that
George why make it so dramatic come on
just hug me what is it called
you take it you far bro
good to see you probably it's been a
minute you where'd you say it's getting
my eye
I'll show you skin Dina banana boy
George being back that is the vlog thank
you guys for watching if you were not a
part of the loking make sure to
subscribe join the family
oh good Josh what are we doing here on
this football pitch on this artificial
grass
