heyyo good morning low gang what is pop
it was bounce okay guys so uh it's
actually not the morning it's uh let's
see 9 p.m. just starting the vlog ah
that vlog life guys I've said it before
I'll say it again it's toy I'm working
out I'm studying for audition five days
for auditions I'm going to meetings I'm
sucking on nipples I'm um take that back
the point is I'm doing stuff wrong I
worked out today uh I'm a leg area for
three hours dude three hours do I
tweeted this earlier follow me on
Twitter at Logan Paul but my legs feel
like tube socks filled with whipped
cream they're freaking jelly over here
bro I'm in pain and now it's the
struggle of oh yeah I've gotta make a
vlog get to make a vlog I should say for
the low gang it's just you know it's
nighttime not every day is gonna be a
banger I will say these next two days
will be bangers but right now it's not
those two days I will say a couple
things on my mind one I need a haircut -
I'm gonna say hi the roommate mark who
apparently got sick overnight are you
first of all there's real coughs you
just do it really bro how do you get
sick overnight weird shit why because
you're sick or just in general dude I'm
so sorry yeah I'm just starting my vlog
dude like 9:00 9:30 we're both dealing
with stuff bro I will say I want you to
get better not gonna knock a touch you
but just touch my finger that a boy all
right
get better do you think you could help
me bro huh
no yeah what are you doing bro please
just answer it help me what do i vlog
come on maverick don't run away from
life's problems can you what no I was
gonna ask no I was gonna ask you what I
should vlog what oh thanks for the input
buddy I appreciate that
mmm ah say you're welcome Hey okay so do
you have folks I guess today I'm doing a
try not to laugh challenge and I'm
feeling confident I feel good about this
because I'm not really in a laughs emo
like I said dude I'm for it my muscles
are exhausted I'm tired so I just don't
think I'm gonna
but I guess let's find out but try not
to laugh you try not to laugh
does this make sense we have the same
page and this is good actually because
in my notes I have planned for days like
this I literally have a note called for
dull days and it's just links took to
funny videos on the internet now here's
the difference between this video and
other try not to laugh challenge videos
every video was handpicked by me but I
had not watched it yet who the fuck is
messaging me it's my third cousin um I'm
on Facebook Tyler listen I don't care
how you won this telling me I'm so sad
nope I was in the spelling bee in
seventh grade yep yep I spilled kettle
wrong in the first round ket tle not
yell anyway you have never seen this
array of videos before like normally
people just go on youtube and watch a
compilation not me bro crap I'm gonna
stop talking in yelling let's dive into
this challenge okay what do we got here
come on
Schama guy in a horse pool okay we see
his butt crack funny but I'm not
laughing yet but homie just can't get it
this poor guy this poor horse this is it
friends help each other out come on you
got you got it that's my boy damn yo
wait did I just lose weight yeah I just
lose the G huh
no no no that was a giggle that was not
a laugh
that wasn't funny a lot in the first one
the horse just starts to collapse
dude it drops like an extra three feet
I'm sorry let's continue oh god this is
gonna be funny too dad and son doing
what like this is okay let's watch this
is amazing if I don't have a son that I
can go back and forth with and say why
do that I'm failed as a parent if you
want to have my child make sure to
comment below guys included
okay okay I'm done with that video I did
not laugh I my eyes are watering a
little bit I just because I'm wondering
like how much time do you have
that's you like you're like yo I'm gonna
make my nose the butt and then twerk to
Rihanna's work song and again I make
daily vlogs
okay the next video this cannot be good
this is not even funny
this is dude oh my god
this that's just that dude Wow I have
one thought in my mind I gotta try that
dude where is this I'm sending an email
right now here we go when you and your
co-workers find out about the free food
in the break room
okay now not laughing it's okay a couple
of monkeys riding a pig that's like me
and my boys you know we've never done it
with a pig but actually we've never done
that but I feel like that's something me
and my boys would do is this dog doing
the mannequin challenge oh my god
oh my god
no the dog is not painting the house the
dog is painting the fuss about how how
the dog is at the toilet dogs don't use
toilets no the dogs gonna take a shot
this is incredible oh my god dude I did
a mannequin challenge video this dog is
better than the people I used in my
video I gotta get this dog
bro setting another email this device
enables you to lick your cat fur ball
free why would I want to do that licky
brush takes you and your felines
relationship to the next level I'm sorry
I gotta pause this video right now so
you want to take the relationship you
have with your cat to the next level by
licking them with a fake tongue that's
we're on the same page the thing about
that is what the dude what are you doing
- Priya valuate yourself cats are just
like they're made to lick themselves
that's why the tongues are like
sandpaper everyone knows this so one to
afford them room just let the cats live
just let him live here we go this is a
video that apparently this scientist was
about to retire and then he found out a
way to save the oceans most people don't
know this but we've lost 25 to 40
percent of the world's corals and if you
wonder if that will make a difference or
not you should ask yourself do you like
to breathe you know what come to think
of it that's a good question you know
considering its the reason I'm still but
saving the ocean is a good cause I
actually this is the one cause I
actually feel passionate about this is
not gonna turn into a PSA but I'm just
saying for right now
you donate 10 cents a day for the rest
of your life you too can help save the
Arctic Ocean I'm just kidding but really
save the ocean climate change is real
doctrine okay so he doesn't speak he
gazes drawer what more than 7000 people
come to one single event to meet Branson
John Waters they feel something
throughout the skin I'm stopping right
there uh I just what this lady was
saying I think was that he doesn't speak
he gazes and 7,000 people come to watch
this man gaze try what he look I am 21
years young right and I was like yo I
can make money off of youtube in the
internet and do stuff that I love and
make a living I'm in the wrong
profession bro
they look do you think I have what it
takes did you feel anything do you feel
like I healed you let's keep watching
I'm actually curious about this when he
stands in front of groups of people they
feel a sense of hope if your piece they
feel like life makes sense hope peace
like life makes sense again people say
that at the light look I hate talking
smack about people and I'm not gonna
talk smack about Rocco in fact I'm gonna
say I need to meet this man I need to
feel his gaze I want brocco to look me
in the face I want my life to mean
something I want to find the meaning in
my life I know it goes beyond being a
YouTube person you know I don't know
actually maybe this isn't for me dude
whatever it was a fun ride thanks for
watching my vlogs I'm gonna go jump off
my balcony now see you guys I guess okay
look closely here's the picture of Rocco
I guess if I really just dug deep down
to the bottom of my heartstrings
I could see why people enjoy looking at
this man but the one thing I'm curious
about it says home he doesn't speak he
just gazes Braco
did you enjoy the movie Oh Braco I want
to get a puppy what do you think of
one it just doesn't make any sense
listen I'm happy for Braco
that he's found a way to make money oh
hi mark
who's Brock Oh Brock oh look it if you
look into his game early heals you oh
this is perfect actually look into this
look into this man's gaze tell me if you
feel something honestly I feel way
better and that's it for the vlog guys
the tried to laugh challenge is complete
I lost yep
I lost like halfway through there it
didn't even turn into a trial at the lab
challenge I just started commentating
but such is life dude I like how just I
was spontaneous and like it happened it
was a suggestion for my bird and then we
just did it god bless america
why am i so annoying don't worry guys
these next two days worth of vlogs are
gonna be poppin and don't forget we have
one of my most excited favorite videos
that I'm releasing on Saturday I'm
talking March I'm talking another big
thing that is absolutely incredible I'm
talking a car okay has to do with the
call so be ready for that low gang I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
take it easy fam who bring I can't like
I wasn't holding the camera so I can't
see how far I did so I'm just gonna kind
of shake my head I feel it right here
as you bitch you don't look like it
you look tired you don't know what I
didn't ask you anything
