so yo it's actually not the morning it
is the night before I would typically
start this vlog but here's what happened
so I came back from set a 13-hour day as
you guys know and then I hit the gym and
not just hit the gym I for two hours bro
straight up I don't know what came over
me but I was so sad that I literally
worked out so hard I popped blood
vessels in my shoulders you see these
purple marks yeah oh look look I popped
blood vessels in my shoulder this is not
a drill this is not Photoshop I'll say
it again blood vessels in my shoulder
we're Bob if you're watching this around
family your friends or somewhere quiet I
apologize I'm Way too hyper right now
but I think it's important because the
day that I would typically start this
vlog well tomorrow is the big day
there's a lot of stuff going on I'm
gonna be going to set I'm going on
Dubai's biggest radio show and then I'm
going to a concert at night I'm talking
dudududu so I gotta be ready mentally
prepared and it's good that I'm hyped up
because in the morning hopefully it
carries over if I don't keep myself up
tonight all night yeah that sucks ok so
I'm gonna go and get like 4 or 5 hours
of sleep and then I will see you guys in
the morning
oh boy hello good morning guys so I did
sleep five hours and it's not that I'm
like tired right now it's just the
morning and I've said this before man
I'm not a morning person if you are for
some reason the morning person first off
how second off if you could leave like
tips or advice on how to wake up in the
morning that was fucking great I'm glad
that is this like vlog like wakes me up
it gets me going another thought on my
mind I got sunburned so bad yesterday
that my arm is now the same color as my
shirt holy crap yo that's garbage
got my breakfast right here eating a
little omelette and then we are headed
to set we're gonna be beating up some
bad guys today so why a few moments
later mornings are just like cold dude
and unforgiving I'm sitting here I'm
freaking freezing
who could that be at 7:00 a.m. who could
this be
this is George Jacob calling me at 7:00
a.m. Georgie what are you doing up right
now I'm on set bro I'm a savage I get
God why are you awake of my body you
can't feel his body I hung up that was
kind of weird but I yo that's my boy
called me oh my gosh that's crazy oh
yeah we're just getting ready oh you see
first scene coming up shortly here oh
this was a mirror no way obviously like
in call of duty
yeah just running lines of mirror no big
deal like trying to wake up right now
it's way too early for a second there I
almost doubted myself good all these
people here pretty early ready to make a
movie huh I'm just kidding guys it's not
a movie it's like a short film type
thing I don't really know all I care
about is I'm killing bad guys this place
is like slightly terrifying except for
that South a except yeah no this is
weird
oh snap dude this is cool chemistry set
bro there's probably cooking meth here
is this Breaking Bad bro where's
maverick trying to make some math don't
he be jealous here you know what are you
doing bro you're rapping cocaine this is
horrible I can't put this on my vlog
okay
or Girl Scouts make okay cool oh no this
room is radioactive not radioactive
it is radioactive boom that's the
routine spell radioactive right rose you
French mother this is radio I swear
that's his excuse for everything here
like he'll like insult someone so that
actually took us through the whole
morning we had lunch and everything look
who came to visit her smile Oh game
manager Jeff yogi what are we doing
right now you're about to go do an
interview with OSN Network they're big
in the Middle East and Chris fate he's
the number-one radio show in Dubai oh yo
so you guys live in Dubai eyes peeled
for this right no all over the Middle
East
Oh but if you live not in the Middle
East sorry I think we're actually doing
this on set so I just kept aware of my
army uniform so these are the hosts of
the show introduce yourself another
people what you're about that's going on
yo are you are you guys squad right now
deep what does that mean it means you it
means you roll up in a limo and we're
about to be squad is this is this yours
whoa whoa whoa who wears the pants in
this relationship
bro I can do this with anywhere where's
the top of your limo they're just like
an added we're gonna do that yeah I feel
so free here on top of this limo all
right so listen you're gonna come you're
gonna come to Dubai we want you in the
Middle East we're all right I want to go
so bad like everyone did you know
anything about it I know the Burj
Khalifa okay you okay we're gonna get
you up there you know how you fans you
got there though do
do you know the exact number yes
probably something close to nine million
how many fuck they're all watching you I
want to say I'm coming can we teach you
something in Arabic can you please of
course Elif
oh how do I say I love you the hit vocal
baba you got it to my fans in the Middle
East baka baka baka megamouth yeah we're
cramped in the back of the limo here the
broom guys okay we're gonna do the show
and I will see you guys in a little bit
okay bye yo okay so that was dope if you
live in the Middle East they said that's
gonna be out next Thursday I am now back
on set in the chemistry room we were in
earlier yo this looks legit yeah why are
you wearing sunglasses inside this is
legit like straight out of Breaking Bad
or like or like Mavericks methyl AB type
thing oh no this is bad bro I can't be
here right now no put that down bro
don't watch these vlogs kids they're bad
for influencing health
oh yeah I'm just kidding
don't quote me but I think we were about
to blow some I think it's the cocaine
did again don't quote me but I think the
cocaine's getting blown up and you guys
know me you know I love blowing my phone
I put my camera up there to record the
scene and it dropped and it's broken I
got this camera three days ago no Amanda
I got this camera two days ago this this
is what happens when you try to live
that vlog life and like get cool angles
and stuff you know I've broken five
cameras this is number six really cool
good friend right there
oh you know that's so badass except I'm
kind of like a little girl in this scene
bro like running away from my problems
and that is it I am done for the day now
on to dia what I say oh yeah cops are
going to a concert if you can't tell
guys I'm salty about my camera and by
the way they are still shooting there my
team just told them I have a heart out
at 5:00 meaning I have to leave at 5:00
probably could have guessed it's fine
and I have like you know a couple backup
cameras at home I'm gonna have to go to
the old one but such is life dude
you know whenever there's a little
hiccup you gotta adapt and overcome and
right now we are adapting and now we are
overcoming I'm back home I'm with my
camera I'm on my old camera the one with
the broken autofocus so I'm sure tonight
it's just it's gonna consult you I hate
you the thing that's haunting me the
most about this little guy is when the
guy was like yo do you want to buy the
extended warranty I was like bro how
much is it he says it's 90 bucks 90
bucks for four years of coverage I'm
like I'm like hmm
three it doesn't even matter anymore
like I can't do anything with that but
I'm projecting I'm renting so excuse me
for that but I digress
I got things to do man I'm going to a
concert with my Boy George a manager
Jeff freaking out here son so I'm gonna
go shower I'll see you guys in a sec
okay we are here I'm showered we drove
an hour to get here and this are you Deb
this whole day I've been calling this a
concert this is not a concert this is a
show yeah it's more shit it's honestly
maybe might even be a gathering might be
a team to yo it's an inside joke some of
you might get the reference anyways yeah
this is just what that was me don't put
that in words you said it ro I don't
make cuts in my voice yeah it's going in
but this is a band that manager Jeff who
is finding parking turned us on to and
yo these guys Rock
no I promise you I've bumped their
tracks a hundred times already like when
you said bump their tracks I'm like when
does this me and then I was like oh like
you listen to their music and you enjoy
it their skin sick bro there's like a
bunch of fingers over there I'm freaking
out yeah and listen bro I'm just hyped
to see these guys mom look
good that's an opinion a strong one -
they call themselves why don't we are
there like a newer better one direction
yeah better than one direction I just
said that anyways we're gonna walk
inside right now I didn't do a
transition but yeah but walking inside
yo Jeffrey Jeffrey look behind you
there's a crowd of van girls yeah yeah
so many kids
I'm the only guy here with George I
should take you to the mall a long time
see I've been trying to find the right
way to see you that I will walk a
million miles if I'm already and there
is no one else
no we should stay never amazing so I got
12 seconds later
nice to see
public parking spot row what are you
doing this is not the first time today
yeah yeah they were Joe broad opened up
they were so dope that drug people are
like you want some dope
nice job George seriously though I'm
cool with being a fangirl kids are suave
is they're studs dude they killed it I
should have gone up in freestyle done I
did you like it can Oh Bo anyways yeah
one day I'm gonna reach out to them one
day I'm gonna meet them actually get to
talk to them but today is not that day
instead we're getting fast food I can't
eat here bro I know I'm just I'm what
you have a question what what are you
still have been covered by my whole life
like I said I'm not able to eat here but
I can't get water he's lying he's eating
here thank you for introducing me to the
studs
you're a star Jeffrey seriously Thank
You Row is my boy what's up dude what's
up what watch team I see brother I did
it did
why'd you put my drink over there I did
you when you look at the camera and talk
to it I can also see that you like it
I can still see mom okay guys that is it
for the rock today I am signing out in a
public restaurant that is correct what
did you just say interrupting my
sign-off what did you say I just said
I've you ever looked at yourself and
realize that wow that friend Exton is
really good-looking I thought that once
my balls are so cold muscles are so cool
I also got it up myself
are you okay good shake it up shake it
up cause the players gonna play okay
listen everyone just everyone just calm
down okay thank you guys for watching I
will see you tomorrow it's still wet
that's you bitch drove an hour to get
here yo this whole day I've been calling
this performance I Spit my gum I still
keep that part I can't just be mine Oh
No
