oh listen this noise good morning love
gang what's poppin yo I feel good bro
like I woke up I went to the gym I
worked out that's why I'm like kind of
sweaty right now I destroyed my body I
got a nice little protein shake and I'm
on top floor and I got a set row it
feels good to be here ya know the vibes
are good right now it was raining
earlier it's stop it's noon and I have
the whole day ahead of me - just just -
Dawson stop for example ya know okay
I'll tell you slime bath and jelly bad
I've seen this on YouTube you fill up a
bathtub or pool or any body of water
probably not like an ocean or a lake a
bit too big what you fill it up and then
you put this powder in there and
supposedly the water turns into like a
gel or a slime I have both have both gel
and slime however you're only supposed
to do one at a time so I think we're
gonna do gel later yeah yeah gel gel is
better than slime yeah yeah we're gonna
do jail but I just spice things up a bit
you guys know how I like to do it I'm
bringing a special guest who may or may
not be a female getting in a bathtub
with me full of jail okay chicka chicka
chicka chicka chicka chicka man whoa
whoa hey attack me do you understand I
will skew up matter what is your deal
bro I come down and say hi and be a good
owner what speak up what are you saying
bro maverick is talking smack making
nuts and stuff you say bro that's what
I'm saying oh yeah get off
oh snap maverick you pissed him off bro
oh god we have a war of the center
what's happening
god this is gnarly yo okay this turned
into a fast real quick maverick I'm
coming bro yes my heart has never raised
so fast in my life
what does have might have been from the
workout but yo holy what have you been
doing have you bro you've motivated me
to get in the gym every day right yeah
it's different bro different mindset you
guys know you've seen it every day I'm
going to the gym for like two hours
and you're looking slimmer bro I'm
looking slimmer I've lost like ten
pounds we're out oh wait really oh yeah
bro see look go do it do the thing what
are you doing today
mark donor I think I'm gonna go to a
concert tonight Oh today with you hi I'm
gonna take a bath with gel with a girl
whose gel I mean my gel I think I was
dressed what girl he goes whose gel my
gel okay no no it's okay
I had a girlfriend in high school games
with my Gayle so it's kind of similar
her name is what my Gayle honestly I'm
more stunned that you had a girlfriend
can I use your bathtub
check out this shirt what is that bro
thoughts are us thankfully yeah but it's
not your thought no send you you I
actually like that one can I try it on
yeah should this be the thumbnail bro I
got a girl coming over who's the girl
about to take a bath of me full of gel
that's the best thumbnail ever oh you
want it off oh you're actually you're
gonna wear this for your personal
personal pleasure personal game it's
right Hecate right now I am actually
headed to my boy King baches house or
did you think I was been saying you I
know we lived together Margot but first
before I leave I told mark I want to
give
something bro I got you a gift I'm a
good roommate 'add yeah I came in the
bathroom here check this out I already
said that
check this out these are leather
backpacks custom made like leather
hiking backpacks they're super nice
super durable like the smell of fresh
leather but I got two you see one here
and one up there one is from mark okay
mark on three open your eyes three what
is this bro it's a leather backpack like
handmade for hiking and just outdoors
what does it smell like leather right I
got you some man smart first off thank
you bro got you dude I cannot the camo
shirt in this pack yo you look like a
full fledge like savage right now like a
man dude whoa turn around
yo it's dope on you bro Playa leather I
know I'm a boys hi I'm Lilly okay yeah I
do yeah yeah we can wear them match and
be roommates in it my god okay damn yo
so I'm here and let me just say bats
used to live in our building homey
upgraded bro Oh Mike he adopted right
now my boy Trudeau got a mansion hot
where is he Andrew oh oh hey that's just
me Andrew do you guys see there's a bad
glare Andrew oh my god that he is this
is my first time here man you straight
adult is that a fucking overhaul and bow
yeah bro give me a tour
that's dope that's cool
yo nice bro do that if I lived in a
house like this I would just trash it
with kids stupid stuff we got a
ping-pong table yeah you got a pool and
a view and a hose and a mop yeah you got
hoes homies got a sauna you gotta have a
cyber unwinder bro this is round one
yeah and a basketball hoop I actually
could probably get one of those if I
wanted to Oh bro matches gaming now this
is the gaming room you have a gaming
channel I am a YouTube gamer actually
like don't love video games I was
thinking this morning I wish I did
because after my workouts would be so
nice to just go home and just like plop
on a couch and just like not think about
anything it's just game right but I
can't my mind's in like a million places
at the same time and like I do I enjoy
it but I get bored like that but well
others in gaming one day for you gamers
out there I'm a YouTube gamer this is
his bathroom I feel like I'm in an
episode of cribs this is absolutely
massive and knowing bad I mean I know my
boys got the shoe collection Oh shoes on
deck thanks for showing me your on dude
yeah yeah that's all we did would they
say MTV Cribs and then they you got a
custom me coming to get them get the
first out we're just kidding that's not
actually all we did we had a meeting a
little brainstorming session you know
how it is batch and I'm making that Pete
yeah guys I just shot it so it make it
look like a house story I'm funny from
exact like and subscribe bro okay let's
go back home
hey yo what's up guys so I took a nap
I'm back home and I'm feeling nappy why
what does that mean yo have you hear the
giggling there's a special guest here
it's that girl I was talking about bro
come here come here come here come here
come here come here
hop in here she's so short she's so
short you guys are never gonna see this
is hilarious something about Tila is
like of all the spots she could stand in
my house she goes to the top of this
love sack and just sits there
you're just tiny you know you fit in
small spots ok leg down thank you my
vlogs RPG just kidding
oh not a hundred percent naked
half naked we we're getting in a bath
that's why I was like that's why I knew
you'd be the perfect candidate cuz it's
like it's our tradition right we're
getting a bath anyway there was a week
this one's gonna be with jell-o that is
candy the skin like scandalous yo you're
such a millennial bro you guys say
scandi am i just out of the loop yo by
the way guys I forgot to mention this
earlier mark got like a little care
package of snacks but these are like the
best snacks you've never heard of Lay's
Spanish tomato tango ok milkita
strawberry shake candy yeah why are you
questioning me in my house
Oh crunky crunch chocolate I feel like
that's you Tila you're like crunky
crunch chocolate but light-skinned pure
magic choco lush actually this is
definitely you your pure magic chocolate
white chocolate confectionary and then
this one I think takes the cake for me
fried eggs in gummy form yeah yeah
didn't make the box I'm just the logger
dude hashtag blog friends what you are
gonna try it yes please please please by
the way guys I am picking these up I'm
not just gonna leave him here
there we go you happy do this smell like
fried eggs I'm so weird oh my god oh my
god eat it please I can't cuz you know
I'm on that blog live healthy life but
you go ahead for my vlog yeah
no no geek put the whole thing in your
mouth just do it do it do it through the
whole thing yeah okay spit out No don't
you call me rude except you're wasting
food there kids in Africa dying and you
are wasting food eat it it smells so bad
guys I don't even want to be near her
when that's in her mouth God karma did
just come on no no is he out no he's not
no he's not come on
no Tila literally you have so much space
to clear before you even get close
alright just come take take a peek at
him yeah what what no you don't hear him
what he's in the room please stop being
a little girl how old are you
you're 3 you're 20 why do you look 12
yo I feel like am i dizzy yellow she's
like good skin is he way to yo you're
literally so far away from him
no the cage is shut in maverick is in it
hello that I clearly guys is not working
for you oh my god I changed shirts guys
I'm Michael I wasn't digging that rule
that like off-white
down boy down I'm getting my water
obviously doctor phone yeah I can see
the happy free good birdie yeah that's
my boy
attacking my guests cool is your phone
okay okay you're kind of a little baby
back bitch like it's just a bird like
you can handle it no you're like a 20
year 12 year old 20 year old type thing
I'm not really sure yet but what's up
bees are scared of birds really scary
birds but he's not just a bird he's
maverick the parrot like he's famous on
Instagram he's got like 210 thousand
followers that never perish I don't know
he's a savage vertical like he just eat
me he's a savage bird any probably could
eat you okay so what are we doing for
your channel explain real quick yoga
challenge and he claims he's flexible
self-blame I'm flexible broke what is
that oh that's my foot I mean yoga
challenge yep I'm a guy I got no dick
fact just kidding
I think oh yeah I'm good I'm sure okay
guys here's the thing I forgot to film
like the BTS of her video of the yoga
challenge like I literally just
mentioned yeah I suck so here go ahead
and put this down and we're gonna do our
own yoga challenge right now
good you good bro scary all right let's
take a back step numero uno we gotta
fill up the tub also I just want to
point out the Tila is already in her
bathing suit yo looking sexy I'm here
and we're both here yo Tila it's like a
cobweb it looks like a spider web
these RS is YouTube this is my content
is PG lies his closet or not they're not
it's not VG PG 69 yeah
while the tub fills up imma change into
my bathing suit you know I got the
American flag had I think I'm also gonna
go with the American flag swimsuit what
do you think maverick you like it I cook
what it's doing yeah what are you doing
I'm so proud to be American the tub is
fold up and I fold up I mean filled up
how is it has a water it's nice right
it's a great question this is nothing
kind of romance might be a day what's
our relationship name T Logan
here's our supplies we have the gel we
have the slime and then
I don't know if they got me
literally cannot like this is me like
rusty and I'm stuck I'm fully fledged
stop guys this at first it was yeah I
got turns out this is pure like pure gel
right now this and it stitch war oh this
is so weird
hmm oh oh no this is bad
that's this is how we gotta plan our
escape can you grab that towel is that
possible
is it possible to grab it oh how hard is
that to get out right now that's the top
right my hand is literally stuck in here
oh my get it
just reach just reach for the towel
just reach for the top oh wow oh my god
like dude look at this oh my god how is
this possible we didn't have to like
doing it we didn't do anything
oh we have to like stir it up that's up
there - yeah wait a second
this whole tub is is filled with slime
how do we get rid of it dude this thing
in the drain
that's very chair what
oh my gosh mark is gonna be so mad at me
just trash his bathroom oh my god
guys it's this is super intense man I've
never seen a case like this oh my god
it's in your ratchet a spiderweb bathing
suit it's inside yes she said okay
you're gonna get out look
oh god this is so bad this is so bad I
know I'm sorry okay so listen we don't
really know how to clean this up I'm
just gonna kind of set it here and see
what happens overnight
I don't know we'll figure it out and
I'll see you guys in a little bit this
isn't bad I'm so sorry mark sweetheart
I'm Carol good times in the slime bath
this girl Mia again I'm just gonna keep
this up here for you but yo you're cool
yeah I like you boom and okay low gang
that is it for the vlog thank you guys
for watching that was a fun day
I liked that day next time Tila and I
make a video together I'm gonna try to
not have it to do with the bathtub
although it does get a little spicy
every time me if for whatever reason you
know what happens you are new to this
channel make sure to subscribe join the
low gang let me really you win join our
family or savage guys and also I want to
give a special shout out to the people
who like like all my videos I love it
guys thank you so much like I don't even
have to ask and you guys do it anyways
and we're pushing like fifty to a
hundred thousand likes in each video
that's a lot bro like people beg for two
hundred thousand like some videos
anyways I just am saying thank you again
thank you for watching I will see y'all
tomorrow as usual take it easy
