what dude whose idea was this again what
here's the thing about right now I do
not have a shirt on I am NOT going to
put a shirt on so sorry about that just
kidding know him now Artie how you doin
bro
cooking up some chickens my mess making
chicken you're 19 years old but you're
an adult making gain so unenthusiastic a
schmee outside girl is coming over you
guys do you know that girl yeah she's
coming over in 30 minutes mark is
downstairs with hunger home so let's go
stay what's up oh oh hi mark yo what's
up dude what time in what so I have
something right
hi mark hi mark George has something
George George George of the jungle
George Dale what's yours I'm the low
gang dude
what are you guys doing bro we're just
smelling candles so what smell kids no
not really
I'm so I'm so confused what can you tell
me why we didn't have anything to do
today yeah I can see that I have
something that you could do today what
catch me outside I by day she's coming
bro
in 24 minutes she's coming bro Kylie how
about that how about that what are you
guys gonna do well I have a plan I'm
gonna make jam out of Oreos you know how
we made Pringle jam what is up with you
in this room bro here's the thing the
other day I made jam out of Pringles and
no one said I could do it Marc included
and watch what she believed in me AJ
that's right and I did it and it was
delicious I'm talking muy bueno and now
we're making jam out of Oreos cuz the
last video got a hundred thousand likes
and I said I would what I wouldn't say
it was good did you just say you heard
she's come yeah she's coming bro are you
excited
oh that took a little bit to respond but
cool I'm gonna make Oreo jam I know
we're not gonna make meth no no no Matt
cuz that's illegal what do you do with
all this chicken our Meister where are
the stoppers that I can fight the
chicken throws oh yeah yeah they're in
that drawer in this drawer ya know what
else did you do Arnie come on bro that
drawer the one under yeah bro thanks bro
I have a solution just stay there sir
roommate Mark is cool and all but this
guy makes fun of my cooking and he has
no idea what he's doing and I know that
because cooking clearly runs in the
family and his mom sent us these cookies
like I said in yesterday's vlog that all
the Hershey's Kisses fell off of the
the cookies except I took the liberty of
hot gluing the Hershey's kiss back on
the cookie and not just one oh wait okay
this one's funny this looks like the
poop emoji
I see look they look alike not just one
cookie two cookies three cookies all the
cookies and this man tells me I can't
cook Oreo Jam come what you don't know
how to cook I do Harold doesn't know how
to you're insulting my mother now
because she sends us bougie ass cookies
Bros the packaging man USPS really get
up oh my god
okay also what's happening here both I
mean I'm just saying you got this girl
just like a sexy teacher I'm just saying
well okay you guys see okay I'm out of
my definitely smashing oh yo what oh we
gotta do we have a low gangster over
here do we have a low gangster cross
sister I think we do bro I can't tell if
he's signaling oh he's double dabbing
here's a low gangster okay let's see
what he has to say hello young gangster
what's up you made something for me oh
snap you didn't make something that dude
has been sitting out there three hours
no way yeah yo that is dedication that's
what I like about the low gang bro like
we're doing we're dedicated when
passionate we get got some for example
this morning I get got I gotta get a
good I got swole that's one way to put
it killing me they're like two and a
half hours everyday and I'm just I'm
working man my body hurts my love
handles hold that's what it takes men
you want to get better you got to get
worse before you give it I don't know
I'm not good to being motivation it's
honestly it's all in here it's oh I
don't know wife still tries gotta look
and got a little gangster road what's
your name though tell the camera Parker
what Harker the little gangsters we made
this for me yeah dude I acts like I'm
from Ohio I love hiking the woods I love
camping yeah good take it when you go
bro this is amazing dude yo I got myself
a little satchel partners with us and
that Danielle is here as well someone
y'all wanted to just come catch me
outside
she knows that she knows her so clearly
she's made herself comfortable on the
lowsec I have a question for you
Danielle come on a nerdy don't be shy
she's just the girl honestly honestly I
believe that like being famous on the
Internet
have you bought a Lamborghini yet no you
drove a rolls-royce how old you again
okay so five hundred Java rolls-royce
that's where I am is that like a happy
she's survived
Oreo jam do not what we should all like
take milk rush the Orioles up and take
the milk and then boil it because you
have to boil good
why do you know how to do this you're
ruining my blog how do you know how to
yeah I love this what are you doing
marquinhos Beauty knows how to make Oreo
dances
yo Arnie does not know how to film that
he's like yo Arnie this is what I need
from you bro I need you doing this I
want to see the beautiful mom I want to
see the beautiful art look at this hair
bro I want mark talks is right here you
wouldn't know that Halloween I know the
vlog line do you know the vlog life kula
talk to you later apparently not
Danielle do it nothing's holding you
back yeah what are you doing
oh cool awesome do you have fake
eyelashes on then ha I'm gonna fall off
how you feeling right now cuz I've never
seen this in my life oh cool it's
Patrick the star on my love sack dope
chronologically the same age I feel like
okay let's go get some Oreos this is
what I heard any over being buffeted
okay this girl knows exactly what she's
doing it anything moment in the day
she's a spy she's a meticulous and I
want to stand here and talk and use big
words utilitarian I'm sorry I done
enough money
well I just stole it from her manager do
you think she thinks it's her money it's
like I just told it from that guy and
then gave it back to her
there it is there it is she's sniped on
my so what's what's wait whoa whoa whoa
whoa you gettin Oreo thing were you
going absolutely not Danny wait what are
you doing no again this is like I
actually don't care but like I should
say no because I'm an adult
we need the oriole mega stuff this is
like fact of life everyone knows it's
science and we only need two so I don't
yeah there we go
just yup throwing them back in there
that's happen okay we're leaving this
store but I'm now helping her in her
antics what up dude catch Ross I broke
the come on little sister let's go up
pit stains and I was embarrassed but we
are about to make Oreo yeah do you know
how to start this do you want to do yeah
no you do not you can't kind of over
your nails are too long no no Danielle
wrong pot here this one there we go okay
so step number one brush the Oreos
okay formula for this I kind of just
guess when we're doing can you what are
you doing she's trying to like this
potato on fire I listen you do that but
whatever the reason and I'm gonna go
ahead and make Oreo J this is so messy
Danielle can you please do me a favor
behind you a bigger bowl it's breezy no
oh yes that's the one could you could
you help me here we go okay as you can
see we're just grinding up this Oreo
stuff here the honest with you I don't
actually need the potato I surely
brought that to your amusement because I
know 13 year olds to love potatoes the
blender it's mine in the fridge in the
drawer with the X on it exactly and I we
need a face
hello step number two add some water to
the Oreo crumble mixture for emphasis I
don't know my blogs would have high
energy over dumb number three this is
the secret ingredient do you know what
this is so I don't know you don't know
what this is this is pectin pectin gives
it the the jelly what what is that I
want that one okay what we got a secret
ingredient in our Jam no stop
down Danielle's down right oh my god
this is this I literally have no idea
yeah what do you what notice it's all in
the counter how do you know the crack
works how do you know what that is what
crack is know what's the different crack
and cocaine crack is cooked into rocks I
didn't even know that sorry what you get
when you play with play-doh this is Jojo
yo someone's gonna get cached outside
stop what is looking this is what Jam
looks like you want to succeed in life
you gotta be willing to take these risks
yo stop Danielle Jesus Mother of God
well Danielle tries to boil water and
the most inefficient way I've seen since
the Stone Age I'm gonna pour this damn
mixture into the bowl the pot whatever
this is I'm not an adult
oh this is a little too thick for my
liking but we gonna rock it
that's what she said no you are and
you're gonna like it and you're gonna
join and be thankful there are kids in
Africa dying all right you're gonna be
thankful for my Oreo jam no Danielle
come on oh my god she's more of an adult
than me I hate it I hate to admit it but
it's true I should have known this I
know let's go outside
bro wants to boil this I don't know how
this gonna happen it's not boiling pool
right I don't know
Oh No
just stop messing with it let it be add
in the sugar great and stone no no no no
stop bad then no no do not do not okay
we're so close to the finish line you
don't want to ruin become my eyes on you
yeah look at this look at this Jam but I
think we're almost done no no no no
bueno this is not good yo I'm calling it
quits
I'm calling quits I think we're in a
good standing this is Oreo jam literally
it's jam made out of Oreos we're gonna
let this cool what dude whose idea was
this stuff okay why you knowing that
when the babysitter is like tormented by
the kids I feel like that's what's
happening oh look at how jammy this is
dude it made it looks delicious
I just want to eat this Jam kick you out
of my house to be honest with you guys
all I want to do is spread home for you
I don't know okay I'm a spread one for
me
just take one by one by one buddy I'm
prepared I'm prepared fine I'm gonna do
it for the low gang tree but it's
delicious it's so good I know I swear
it's just another way so now that we
have finished this Danielle get the fuck
outta my house
scat okay so Danielle just left bro whoa
what were you thinking bro my I was like
this the whole time she's a character I
cast her outside oh I mean that's what
happens dude I knew what I was getting
into look what happens the beautiful
oreo jam the house is sort of a mess
dude but that's a risk I was willing to
take for this amazing vlog constant low
gang I love because I was able to keep a
calm head and not you know kill someone
today can we get a hundred fifty
thousand likes on this video yes we
can't locate smash that like boys - yeah
okay and then that note if you are not
subscribed do that because we are hyper
lit with seven also if you are not
subscribed let me do this let me yank
you let me pull you in and join the low
gang dude my goal is when you watch my
vlogs take away from your busy life
whatever you just relax and have a good
time bro with chilli also if anyone has
a good main feel free to send me their
number in the comments below cuz your
best your sorry I'm not cleaning that up
and on that note that is the vlog I will
see you guys tomorrow take it easy babe
yeah I like that you fixed the drawer
yeah that's me adopting mark that's a
fact it's my boy
