You left your keys in here that's f***ing your responsibilty
All jokes aside I'm about to f***ing kill you bro
Well f***cking hash it out, let's go
Good morning logang, what's popping
So I'm not going to lie guys, I'm a little out of energy, I'm kinda tired right now
I've been working out like a beast
and it's slowly catching up to me but luckily I have some energy on the way
let's see if I timed this right
and Oh my god
Yes!
straight from the Gods themselves
we got a veggie omelette and sweet potatos
Also notice normally you can cook this stuff on a plate
Well, I'm a kid
I don't really do my dishes, they're all in here
So, today we use a bowl son!
Uhhh... yeah.
So, today as I said in yesterday's vlog we are going to Venice Beach
my friend Jake who some of you might remember is a really good music producer
We make some songs dude, well not some songs
a song
I think it's going to be a Valentines Day song, its about love and romance and sex
just kidding it's not about love and romance
we got to say what I said about boy did
you know you gotta stop pooping on my
blog row collage no dude mark did not do
it he's a grown-ass man he does wear
diapers know who could shred all y'all
come on mark we're making we were an
hour behind the loss obviously I don't
say before you leave if you walked in
your IOU talking when i get to work to
talk about your poopy bad hands and its
net and I think it does happen bush
I heard you talking upstairs and you go
to events coming i'm going to bed and
we're really yeah i would go together
when you get when you leaving come on
road your chance now this is just look
at we were walking together smoothly
right now like I told you got to feel
like it i need sustenance barking for me
who love the common bro
Georgie our boy Georgie Georgie Georgie
career
checa agreement the poor child don't
offer college smoothie like a protein
shake as you know i need to do you mean
the flu shot i think i'm getting sick
no do not get me sick growth kiss me on
the mouth what we're gonna get rough I'm
gonna get a game where I feel insecure
about my work perfect for child yeah
just blend me up and it looks smooth
little mushy really just let me of any
around talking about call me Mommy and
Daddy your earlier today is that this
logs gonna be all about it was a joke
but now that I'm looking at your sure
bro
I wanted to show you guys like drinking
this movie and like how good it wasn't
the progression of a disappearing which
we have like five people it doesn't take
you forever to order it everyone's gone
it is delicious device movie goodbye
George
good-bye Martin gone the bus going to
venice on the game i'm not coming I got
back a bitch benefit of being tall is
that they put you in the front seat you
know how do you get your you yeah well
your bitch
George put on this song is yahoo easy to
get all drivers left up you need a calm
down bro but I need to change the
starting value my life
maybe living in the moment in a minute
but the Polish che bad news bears guys
we actually have separate destinations
like I'm not going to the same place as
you guys this is where i'm getting off
you guys I love you actually connected i
love you guys know you easy marks now
before it down hella good job by the way
I feel like I should introduce the
creepy german guys you know what is your
name hotels and David David Wright
they're not actually super didn't notice
that your shopping blog or what you
don't give him chocolate grow from
Germany no way I don't need chocolate
yeah but girls love chocolate you got it
man we gotta figure this guy no damn bro
nice vehicle grow heck yeah dude yeah
but I bet he's pushing two inches off it
whoever drives this hello kitty mini
cooper on the other hand dude i'm
talking 12 inches folded in half
no I'm
no you guys remember Jake from 2016
timbro that's him by on snapchat offices
from my reader right there they were
living at home i know this is a stickman
Venice is so don't wait with snapchat
all those are sent to employees shot
onto us
hi guys think that snapchat employees
would know that we're snapping them
AdWords yeah bro they have a sixth sense
why is it so foggy today though like
we're in for Russia Russia is freaking
much grew up in Georgia marker actually
instead it's ball yes because they came
here to take our see pictures but you
can't see anything you can see like how
foggy it is my being nothing rest in
peace Georgia marks Instagram pictures
that will not be taken today blah blah
blah blah blah you own these dogs are
sort of got another animal this beast
didn't know I swear to god you start dog
back here looking where I just talked to
that mother what's the name offer
oh my god such an appropriate name I was
back there and I saw him lurking through
the backyard other quarters and bumper
is really slow and will sneak up on you
right behind see that bright feeling
before we make a hit song Jake and I are
gonna take a little field trip
it needs to go pick up the juices on a
juice cleanse I'm surprised he's not
here and i think im gonna get another
like protein something I just trying to
adjust the protein in my body talking
stick a needle in my heart and inject
don't have that kind of feels that way
sometimes but like I know what you mean
you took it way too far but I make my
friend I have to know how are you not
grumpy isn't like day three of your
cleanse i'm on day three of my cleanse
these colleges like to make you grow up
because you don't eat you just drink
juice so what's up man i'm sort of not
thinking about it right now I'm going
tom brady fourth quarter on and I like
that I like that lies across that makes
that this place where at
called cafe gratitude for all the
hippies in venice beach santa monica go
to all their stuff like super super
healthy just stuff maybe well maybe this
is the best example these are sweet but
still helping all these hippies in here
and look at all these look at that girl
look at that guy look at her
so many hipping Hall tell you what you
thought little country
cheers brother this is the type of
recovery I mean I'm not here grindin
that God ever come back spot we're about
to make some bangers is that a fact
absolute absolute vacuum this one mean
dude I told you just always lurking out
here bound all about the dog bumpers are
going to do is head wrapped around the
piece of wood like that but what did he
see what you're talking about
oh no the dog read no way they don't
read reading a book i think he is 20
this is a special dollars two bodies
flipping pages bro this dog is on a real
pro surfers reading dog is reading a
book
no this isn't you but that doesn't i
didn't I don't know bro that's with you
by the way this is jake front yard this
is the zen garden right here bro this is
Buddha Oh every morning I come outside
and just make direct eye contact Buddha
it's the zen garden it's the Zen den I
like this place to like I know I live in
Hollywood everything so busy so bussli
and hustling but i might move to Venice
one dishes we're going to make bangers
today here we go bowl here to record a
temporary vocals yeah
oh I love it feed you
hey yeah bro jake and i decided to take
a little break and we are enamored right
now by snail let me explain that we
found this
oh god I actually country please
Department of time to start careful we
found this snail on the wall over there
we found this small snail this is also
snails kind of running around in the
water we put him on top of his movie
sculpture and then the big one kinda
just wrapped up the little one and now
he's making a run for it you know this
is actually amazing this the snails he
literally kidnapping another different
nature is amazing bro you don't want to
mess up the ecosystem in the food chain
maybe the big snails like a good nail
and the other one's a bad snail I guess
male cop stale cop going to smell jo Jo
you guys follow me on instagram you have
been documenting this whole story is
really quite intriguing and if you don't
make sure to follow me and logan paul
shameless promo I don't give up but I
don't know what this big now has the
mind oh no it looks like you let him go
you're not let him go or not let him go
now no no no don't let him go don't let
him go
I know you're trying to let him go each
other and drown in the water is now I
see what you're doing what you do it oh
no you are in a store all my god cannot
believe you just did that it big snails
literally just drag him down and dropped
into was just wonderful you like this
either comes with your marketing dollars
go to their God my God we're worried
over you talk i can't believe i just
watched snail around another male 2 i'm
just saying that he's in jail how's it
going to communicate with his friends
you can you smell or society could cause
now it's just up and smell bad haha
everything right now we're absolutely
slaying this record we finish the lyrics
to the song is called i love you more
right I love you more
ok cool and now I think we're going to
lay down some practice vocals this is
obviously not a studio we got a lot of
things with this microphone i shall
record he think I love you more I do
I do i do i do boo I got it I got
actually seeing it i think i love you
you don't love you more like that I'll
keep doing a low and then we're going to
hide ok I'll get some great this always
happen to me
no just like breathe only they free a
okay look and mastery too much of this i
want to be a surprise but will give you
going to think not just a little bit of
good let ya know
okay with me your part of it i could
tell you all this dude you killed it
today the job we never will do thanks
Broza thank you to you i want to give
you these chocolates from Germany broke
gears for a s'mores
oh we have one with my bladder is
chocolate you know all these have no
more for me but there you go bro I'm
gonna hook up with something that's all
I was just like a demo song by that mean
it's like basically a practice track
that's not the final in fact it's not
even close when we decided it was time
to go slain life will go into studio and
recorded the right way but i will say
I'm very excited i can see the potential
for that song and it's up here always
like why in my car bro
ok i'm just a boy with a dream dude Oh
back for my class let the whole trip in
the uber it felt pretty good except now
to try to wake myself up a bit we got
mark cleaning up what's new
what did box my hotrod not know Mark
don't yet know Mark off the logs to you
every stuff is there for a reason
lovemark literally I'm warning you i'm
going to take all the stuff out and put
it right back on the team I
you don't use it doesn't know you don't
know that I just thought you put the
flamethrower that I used everything day
that you can roll that out
no no I i want you can I don't use it
welcome i do i use all that and look for
always share this area and oh yeah how
many times you dinner their client
because the answer is 0 RK you that was
gonna be my lawyers i'm going to
adopting a new business while you do a
little childish bullshit pick up please
pick me up 3s we have that ready
typically exhibit everywhere
ok sup guys hold on to your mark what's
up man come on market stuff I gotta come
back okay
oh my yeah i took the phone call I
handled business your guys African hate
business growth i will say it was about
a vegetated ok might be him out
merch the game we're talking show is
this the market logic move people stuff
and then just put everything else on the
porch
Oh lot more not know I don't need to be
adult you need to learn how to cook up
trash put in the trash
well you're probably right here that's
mine because I don't know I've never
seen that in my life
you think you're an adult bro you're not
just shot you guys roll a little salty
right now I'm solved because just like
I'm going very anxious right now mark is
I don't know why he thought he probably
something to do is his hair maybe i
don't know i'm almost all because you're
I'm sorry but I'm going back my boy you
the internet not right now
yeah you're on your version of it which
suck you slowed it down bro are you up
everything in our out bro are you on the
network first of his name is Mark don't
are you on the network don't and had a
perfectly good Wi-Fi it was called
Abraham Lincoln i made it was that and
then mark goes he's like I'm gonna put a
connector in the long let's go to market
messes everything up and does anyway and
now is that works fine and it's lower
than my network which no longer exists
you Mark for mega evolution
no we do not know but the download speed
92 it was 400 Lenny it was 400 estimate
hardware not do well seconds later
you're shut the fuck up
I thought wala against all i'm an
engineer here does one thing and the
internet is back what did you do what
did you do grow like about this i told
you i hit buttons on the back it up and
they hit one button again and what you
know what two wins in this situation we
got a Wi-Fi back market medieval I'm not
the bedroom and I'm good roommate you
get what you want to do when you left
your keys in you know I also know now is
that your fault or your ego has to go
from here to here not because i did not
leave my keys in here i have a service
that washes my car who had to leave them
here while I wasn't here and you like
you to relay that information to me
always somebody not my responsibility
that like what happens when you're not
doing whatever you like oh look you in
your bathroom I was really just decided
mother can hash it out let's go to look
at it with you ready yeah you look like
a bitch with hairy I'll get now be still
growing up but you find out and make out
with you throughout what I'm going to be
marked as logins rough with your
relationship with mark
do you really know who he is I mean
probably not no you don't look happy
his roommate like he leaves trash on the
porch he just feel bundle all my stuff
up i had that to you
no no I have among video he ruined the
Wi-Fi like he cooked the Wi-Fi down here
you probably oh I go people come over
they don't know we really are bro yeah
like hear that Jack Frost looking at you
are 40 their first Batman look at that
the compliment because I got in games of
the year like you know more or are you
know you can tell this w/o know but it's
the mark left to go shoot some stuff I i
just want to say I don't know how he
gets girls and Kylie I might be easy way
out of his league but check this out
okay bro like I walk in the bathroom and
come up this is not my stuff mark what
are you doing causing why would throw
all this stuff mark come on
bro if only these girls knew what kind
of person they were hanging out you know
I don't know I don't know the beginning
how ya good evening to you too but I
thailand what do you heard right
I would you have to write growth that's
what I'm saying she's options I really
you're just finishing my sentences
oh ok cool I don't know but whatever
whatever theory he's using I should
start using yes where you keep finishing
my sentences okay I'm gonna leave now
and that is leaving to go to the gym
it's tom bro I gotta give swollen so
today is leg day and I know everyone
always ask me what do you listen to when
you work out well I'm glad you asked
right now i'm actually listening to the
demo track meet today think I love you
moe
oh my goodness anyway yeah bro it's time
to hit the gym so let's do this
oh yeah that was quite the workout bro I
came along line then I took my pants off
and that's where are ya mind you my
boxers are donuts but the reason you
think that mean hey yo mark was that
girl out of here be crazy feels like day
today like literally took it and put it
on the ground and I stabbed in the face
till it died
now i'm at the cribo I got my bone broth
remember guys got a fortified and you
got it for 250 i got also say something
I noticed that when I want to position
the dish
it's like meaning my calculations are
correct these are cleaning someone have
to empty them and just to prove mark
wrong not because i'm going to talk
about because I'm a good person i'm
going to do that what do you think about
that huh
you can take a little responsibility
google cutie mark
wow this all this that is above its a
song you probably won't get arrested
I mean come on now look at spotless out
that's the bone
ok again it's a song you're probably
gonna get the reference but yeah thnkx
for the moment okay so now you might get
the reference managed two bedroom two
natural world by here's the location we
education we learned from each other
this teacher was anything that you got
cleaned off i watch my hair i showered
in market I've seen this day bro can we
make amends
yeah we got it like I i have to the
dishwasher
that's the step yeah it is the step just
like those steps over there
I also want to say in apologies in
advance I'm sorry for calling blog i
hate my roommate just a heads up those
the title of this video I and thats it
for todays log of projected income from
dr you don't get some more subscribers
though because every time you call me
your roommate they are you
oh I the mark mark is my roommate and I
hate him but anyway I love your office
you tomorrow take it easy friend proof
if you bitch so what do you do a row
oh god Jake I'll get to talk about
gnarly blood dude
