good morning low gang was bumping I
don't know what that was
whoa updating the life of woke and I'm
currently eating my healthy breakfast
yummy mm-hmm and that's pretty much it
it's gonna be a good day despite the
fact that it's raining in Los Angeles yo
come on Hollywood what's the deal oh
come on and it was raining yesterday -
dude it's like I come home and I'm just
like why are you whining you know man
hashtag relatable first thing I need to
do today is get some mayo problem is
roommate mark has the mail can I think
he's sleeping Marky why you're got him
by again my what up G hi yeah I slept
well thank you for asking I don't know
I'm in a weird mood today can you tell
this is actually the only thing I need
my mail collection was very deliberate
today you guys remember how I married
that couple Elijah and Kristen in Las
Vegas oh no you don't what here's a
little reminder it was magical sorry I
got distracted had a little piece of
cheese on my lens well as you can
imagine marrying people requires some
paperwork what I'm saying is this is
that paperwork and unfortunately for me
since I procrastinate everything if this
is not turned in by tomorrow the
marriage is void Reuther was marriage
because I was too lazy to go send
something in the mail cool looking cool
what doesn't matter broke because I'm
getting it done today but not right now
first up on the agenda I have to do an
ADR session for this movie I did called
where's the money with my boy king bat
ad R stands for additional dialogue
recording this is like in a movie when
people are talking over each other or
like there's wind or some sort of sound
that's interfering with the dialogue if
some of the lines are messed up they
have the actors go in and fix this so
that this poor man has to put up with me
I'm so sorry mister okay trying to find
this damn belt and running through the
streets while it's raining like I'm
Crocodile Dundee you see look it's what
costings we don't know what rope is on
Machado
oh okay so that's the room we're going
into now I have the option to take the
stairs all in the hell of a hitter's
dude I'll tell you what it's a good
thing I'm still taking the stairs so
this is the screen I'm gonna be watching
myself on these are the microphones the
stand with the script we got sexy red
couches and then the people who actually
I don't know what they're doing but they
are there it is time to get guts let's
do this just like a hit sound like I
think I can do that
button your chin to your chest or I will
turn you inside out back to my house
that was fun on to the next thing that
is the Edit of my movie airplane mode
I'm just vlogging oh cool no sometimes I
just I feel like I don't exist
but yeah airplane mode edit right now
with the editor but first let's not
forget this marriage thing that I need
to do now all I have to do is sign this
like it's not hard I just don't ship
stuff that's the issue like actually
taking it to like CPR I'm 35 it's not
like signing a piece of paper is hard
obviously it's just the fact that I'm a
kid dude I'm 21 I don't I don't ship
things I use email you know I'm a
millennial technology technology
technology virtual reality technology
Google glass technology technology what
today I becoming an adult
straight out of nineteen forty I'm
sending something through the pub the
post oh my god not the mail of the post
yeah okay so I'm signing right here oh
god this is terrible
we're signature ever anyways but yeah I
look print name of witness yeah I have a
question for you Russell I I married
this couple I'm a pastor and I'm filling
out the certificate right now for
particular to marry them I'm wondering
could you be my witness mm-hmm could you
sign it and just say you witnessed me
sign it it's not a contract or anything
you just this name right here it says
print name of witness just to say that I
did it see it says right there print
name of witness dude thank you so much I
really appreciate it
you're a hero bro you saved a marriage
today appeal that's amazing all right
this guy in the blue Toyota Corolla
you're going down a history bro look at
me being an adult sending stuff by the
postman this is crazy
tomorrow by 10:30 a.m. is 35 bucks I'll
do it thank you
I gotta say dude that was quite the
experience ok yes oh another the last
guy signed the paper and he was cool
don't get me wrong but this guy would
have been dull got a nice fedora got the
headphones on my mask
alright good bye Fedora dude taking a
say in the Edit Bay with the editor so
as you can see on the screen there's uh
me yeah yeah looking like a goober as
per usual we got about 5 or 6 hours in
here so I will see you guys in a little
bit do not forget airplane mode my
moving my baby is going to be so good I
am working so hard to make this amazing
for you guys but this man this man is
working the hardest Mitch you're a
savage bro how many hours you think
you've spent on this project on this
July yeah behind the scenes that no one
sees just grinding away this man is
killing it we're gonna kill it for the
next like I said 6 hours or so and I
will see y'all in a little bit but but I
get the crib oh you always been sometime
if you haven't noticed there's my boy
mark oh I'm never wearing a shirt your
vlogs why is that you don't want a shirt
in light this is becoming a problem i
man took a metal thing he said that
shirts and he said like wrong what you
about to do you about to get in I'm
about to work out yeah if you guys
haven't noticed I look a little tired
but yeah I did it cuz my man was
straight napping alarm goes off he's up
and now you're experiencing the reverb
effects of that that's why I'm kind of
tired and move
okay let's go work out hey guys just me
loca I haven't gone to the gym yeah I
just wanted to point out market went to
the store we're out of his way to buy
Capri Sun bro how old are you bro no
you're not you're 21 you not remember
these as a child no I do as a child yeah
but I was at the store and I was like
you all practice I have one question do
you respect the house
mr. pouch yeah is that they're slow yeah
decide not I keep making it seem like
I'm going to the gym and I am I am trust
me but I got this thing in the mail that
I want to show you guys before I go and
I'm not just making this because it's 7
p.m. and I'm fighting for vlog content
since I didn't film anything all day
well really he's not snaps something
else came I was really looking forward
to these nuts oh look at that I feel
like I heard a crack yes I'm happy
yeah I'm yeah all right I'm always so
nervous about the people who send us
these nice gifts and they watch it
there's like another cage for America to
travel in cuz he chewed through the
other one and I'm gonna dead ain't got
no pimples on my face mark I know you
can't do this son why you got pretty so
perfect
replay slow-mo what Mark and I plan that
winner there's it's not actually Deez
Nuts no sister I think hold the mighty
mug yeah yeah I got one for you I drink
coffee yeah
oh sure Oh what was it like being a
bitch Oh easy bro actually you know what
it's mighty bro it can handle that type
of thing what are you doing
in reality what makes these things so
mighty it says right there the mug that
won't fall over come on now let's open
these up and put it in the test paper no
it's again hold on a second yeah dude
youtubers make videos about this it's
like a trend dude it's a mug that won't
spill oh come on now Dawg do we all have
muscles this mug is definitely no spill
I have to put a cap on it
you should probably should because I'd
be willing to bet it spills bro come on
guys you're driving out here definitely
not on there cuz it does that at it on
the counter right what no come on come
on this is a little too good to be true
the mug that won't fall over well in
fact I have it documented on video that
it did fall it did indeed fall over
what's the Newtons how many how many
Newtons is that because I was putting
maybe 10 to 13 if it's not that why
would I buy it that's my question why
would I buy it
I'm gonna do it is bpa-free though Oh
bumblebees / n theta collaboration yeah
at least you got a red one to match your
shirt didn't get a second one whoa you
won't believe what's in this one is it
are you gonna
that was real time yeah you can clean up
this water we're in the gym and it's
about to get rough pop it I can't do
that what I can't do it but it's a
bucket
I also brought the other Cup as you can
see it still isn't working but I do have
to admit that's impressive dude I don't
know a lot of cups that can do that oh
god see it doesn't so I'm gonna give
this another shot dude during my workout
and by the way here's how it works is
like some sort of like mechanism do you
really care probably not let's get Oh
see I was about to workout and then the
jungles I just fell where's the issue
I'm yelling at George for bringing a
girl two boys now yesterday bro like her
probably the boys night get off me so I
can work out right she's up get off you
want tired of this guy always
infiltrating my vlogs like he's done
okay so I know that in that workout
probably didn't look like I worked out
my both kids oh I get it
god I guess so swole I wasn't just
trying to spill this Cup
mark what are you doing but oh snap oh
yeah my boys doing it I'm gonna do it
good news after my workout I get to have
one of my pre-prepped meals Carmy my
personal chef I want to thank you don't
forget guys we also got this bone broth
it allows me to fortify as it frozen
seriously it's in the fridge focus whoa
or did you smell it maybe this is what
we're smelling in our fridge I'm going
in what's your problem you don't smell
that tell me it doesn't smell like
chicken noodle soup Oh
literally bro nothing so what you do you
scrape off this layer of fat you take a
shot of 46000 glass and you fortify okay
wait here we go scrape it off the fat oh
oh this is gross
this is not oh god oh it's literally
like jello mark you might be right bro
oh god this is gnarly you see the
student it looks like meat fat jello I'm
about to drink that really yeah I'm
heating it up I hope this takes away the
gelatinous oh yeah look it kind of did
oh we going back in take two here we go
give me something good to work with
okay okay I'll take this side guns up
down to four diverse chicken broth from
fortify in Braille I eat this you know
loking I thought we could have a nice
talk about Donald Trump nitnem Trump is
our president and that's all I have to
say about that okay no more games I came
over to my friend George's house you see
him over there George give a wave so
they know where you are okay cool
oh my God look at this projector bruh
how big is it
damn bro that's almost as big as my dick
dick Nidhi won't you leave the jokes to
me cool what is cut i think the jokes in
the bottle flipping basically anything
that requires some sort of skill or
coolness just go ahead and leave to me
Exhibit A are you mocking me and the way
I sign off Exhibit B I freaking love you
guys dude like I know it sounds weird
but just like holding this camera it's
on this tripod you see that's not a
camera dick that's a tripod I don't know
just like being able to talk about my
life with you guys fricking dude I
freaking love it dude frickin I'm not I
just I'm thanking the low gang from
watching me and live in my life with me
like it's pretty dope dude like I was
looking at my videos and I was like dude
it's really cool like three quarters of
a million a million people daily wanna
like watch my life bro like that's the
thing dude I like this videos on the
Internet tomorrow take it easy fan don't
forget to subscribe if you're not
subscribed I love y'all
that's you bitch how are you my boy when
you put you don't know what to say so
you just breathe out awkwardly
