good morning low gang what is poppin now
this is today's vlog mark doesn't know
what's going on near me I guess yeah no
it's it's night hours a morning I don't
know why I said good morning because
it's clearly night outside did you today
I I edited airplane mode all day like
people did I physically went into the
Edit Bay and edited with the editor and
the directors is that you advised yes
but I was anything all day and I did
vlog but then I got home I was like yo
like I was in the Edit room all day it's
not funny it's not entertaining what do
you have planned
yeah so I've planned for days like this
where nothing has gone down a while back
George made a vlog where he saw or
thought he saw a ghost
so this vlog is gonna be that which I
found a while ago and then you guys are
gonna be entertained by it now because
today was just not that fun in my life
but the ghost vlog is and you're about
the seeds so take a look enjoy holy shit
oh my god I needed to make this video
right now I already filmed my vlog for
today at 7 p.m. I don't care I needed to
sit down and just talk about what what I
watched because I'm losing my fucking
mind
bro I have a friend you guys know him
his name is Jorge Janko nice little a
Syrian boy he called me two days three
days ago is like y'all we spent the
night in a cemetery or what do you say
something a haunted house or something
something scary like apparently they
walked over a grave one time and both of
the couple of their friends
do you I can barely talk right now wait
till you see what I'm about to show you
but both of his friends on the same time
worked if apparently said I just got the
chills like the same sentence at the
same time George did not get the chills
but whatever George was recording on his
mic he said he could hear a girl in the
distance screaming but every time the
girl would scream and he'd say he was
hearing aid his mic and go
shut up shut up shop shop is that I
swear to Jesus Christ does that not
sound like a girl screaming I like
talking about it I feel like I'm just
summoning demons here hello that I shot
a show called locum Paul versus where I
spent the night in a haunted insane
asylum and I thought I talked to a dead
kid I talked to a dead kid named Jacob
hey Jacob I was talking and via radio
interference distinct only gives out
radio interference which apparently goes
couldn't manipulate I was talking to a
dead kid what are you saying man I'm
trying really hard just can you repeat
it one more time Jacob did you say
Bennet and then George starts talk to me
about this I'm like dog is a dope good
fuck cuz he's like yo dude I I went to
watch my video and everyone's commenting
5:30 5:30 I'm like what is it's a 5:37
p.m. George he's like no bro a ghost
passes on-screen and I'm like no dog no
chance bro you see all the ghost hunting
shows all that bullsh
why the ghosts never showed on camera
huh you you never actually catch a ghost
on camera you can say like oh I saw like
a shadow or like us Barry no you did it
I believe in ghosts I'm just saying why
is it that the ghost hunting shows never
actually give clear hard evidence about
finding a ghost on Camp George he
embellishes
but he does not lie so I'm like I
immediately get so excited cuz like
after talking there's that kid I was
like yo the ghosts are real and it's
cool that we were able to like capture
that
after I talk to this dead kid that's a
cool sentence to say I jump up and run
to my computer I go to five minutes 30
seconds then like yo I started crying
not out of fear I'm not a little baby
back bitch just of like excitement and
disbelief and maybe a little bit of fear
yet and that just happened that was the
second gonna go and then I watched it
again like again and this was my initial
second reaction and then you know I
watched it again and this was my initial
third reaction I'm freaking the fuck out
I'm about to elaborate with my viewers
why why I think it's 100% real so you
move the flashlight you you move the
flashlight across this it doesn't bro
the shadows the the ghost is there
before the flashlight gets there I'm
gonna show you the clip from his vlog
first and then we'll dive into the
actual file itself this is from his vlog
I'm only gonna show you a little bit cuz
that's all that's necessary but check it
out there's a creepy hut over them we're
gonna go check it out what is that okay
that that place dude is everything okay
did you see that did you see that oh you
know so my first reaction was to go back
and play in slow motion
confirmed still a ghost go okay um I'm
gonna this is the original file this is
not an edited vlog this is the first the
three-minute clip that was thrown into
his blog the quality should be as high
as it can be okay okay all right we're
gonna take this frame by frame right
here we see the ghost approaching right
okay we we see his shadow clearly and
we'll move this so you guys can get it
all right so now we don't see a shadow
ghost don't have shadows what I think we
see the spirit with the by saying we see
the spirit and then George's flashlight
goes across it crosses his body and you
can see it like it just it crust it
crossed bro oh my god right here it's it
passes through like very clear it almost
like jumps through space a little bit
you see the ghost like form you see it
form again when George's flashlight is
finished cutting through it you see the
ghost come back into one almost and then
walk off and then it's it's to me this
is it is so clear that it is a person
but what makes this stand out for me and
for me to say this is a ghost this ski
hand
this is a hand son and then look it
walks like a hand like it's it's at his
side and it's me and he walks through he
walks homie it's walking like a hand it
he does he sways so home he jumps
through the light the light almost makes
him like disappear and then this cloud
of dust or puff cloud whatever it is
comes back through the light and you can
see him you can see that same swaying
hand right here right here
George's flashlight okay so look he's
pointing in the distance follow this
light follow George's like okay he's
pointing in the distance
yeah flash let's add like spurt out like
that but this is a bit it's a
directional flashlight right here
without the reflection of anything or
the light like because sometimes gonna
be shining light in the dark there will
be like dust particles or like cloud
like you know something that this right
here is not in the path of the light
it's not even close it's not even close
dude so why would this only that area be
lit up okay check it out and then a walk
and then a hand and he goes through and
he forms again and he takes this little
ghost strut and he walks off everybody
everything I'm out
genuinely as someone who doesn't believe
in ghosts when you see that what
possible explanation possible
explanation can you give for what that
is I mean it's clear like a nighttime
you know must and fog they develop but
they don't walk like human beings mark
if you don't physically ghosts don't
exist
okay how many times it's a camera that's
bad in low-light yeah the camera geek
myself no no this does not walk it does
not strut there are several factors that
are involved here you have a light that
George's a movie already elaborate and
II know you have a camera that is be
moving that has an ISO that is see
moving should and you have a t shutter
speed move ghosts do not exist guys and
if you believe in ghosts excuse to real
I need some help I want to know what you
guys think comment if you think ghosts
are real they're definitely real hashtag
low game for life by yeah I hope it was
somewhat entertaining okay okay smart
you will never subscribe to me in the
first place but yeah that's it for the
blog today tomorrow we are flying to
Houston Texas for the Super Bowl II we
oh oh I'm going with a fellow youtuber
Kuwait can I guess if you guess I'll say
if you don't guess I won't say it so you
don't know him
I know him I don't hang out with them
often okay so if I were to guess one
person does it does it right with dice
bum take it easy bad
as you bid
