hey what's up whoa that was fucking
weird
yeah I don't know what came over me
right there I don't know anyways here's
what's happening later today we are
going to yeah
Sundance Film Festival going
snowboarding when watching movies we're
festival II with a couple of my very
good friends that's gonna be ah
I built this chair yesterday don't
forget it freakin Oh a lot of good
things a lot of good things bad news
though you know la what it is raining
again another day in a row like why dude
this is supposed to be like the sunniest
happiest place ever but you know what I
don't really care right I'm leaving in
four hours so ha ha another fufu thing
is this trash which I have to take out
you know what though whatever right I'm
leaving in fort wait wait wait
I'm leaving in four hours you know I'm
not taking that trash yeah I'm gonna
leave that for my roommate mark even
though it's all my stuff third thing
that's a bit foo-foo yo we got no oh
Jesus we got no food we gotta tell her
but I don't you tell them what God milk
chocolate I can't eat that check this
out even in the fridge all we got is
like liquids and beer I don't drink beer
at all wait a second lettuce
we just have lettuce and spinach dude so
good I'm not gonna lie I'm starving and
after I took that first bite of lettuce
I'm like oh wait this is actually good
oh yeah boo boo thing I'm hungry I'm
very hungry not a drill I have not eaten
in 18 hours I don't know how I'm not
dead right now
rest in peace Logan Paul rest in peace
bye that's another thing vine is
officially dead
all nine point four million followers I
had on vine gone takes out vine camera
open it up boom what yo where's my
account it's gone you know we knew it
was coming but now it's actually seeing
it happen and just like the thing that
got me here to Los Angeles is gone bro
I'm going to the store to get some food
because I'm slowly running out of energy
but yo these streets are soaked right
now Grove ought to order an uber jetski
so I can get to the store ha ha just
kidding there's no such thing as an uber
jetski plus the stores right here I'm
just gonna get something simple some
oatmeal call it a day
oh wait a second my mind is racing right
now I'm seeing these organic unsweetened
coconut chips hey nothing like a little
flavor strawberry some bananas gee I
have the recipe for deliciousness right
now someone stop me oh wait a second you
can't for all you young is out there pay
attention I'm about to do one of my
favorite secret concoctions and I'm
gonna do it quick but I know it might
not look the prettiest I feel like
that's inherent with oatmeal like
oatmeal like ah but it's actually
delicious
this meal is gonna save my life right
now
this meal is gonna get me through the
day oh you'll excuse me for one second
you boy it needs to smash smash yeah
he's here yo admit your love in the
chair it's comfy right good news bro I
got a second one well you got you got it
bro shut the front door
and this is like I don't know how this
is physically possible but you can
literally take a nap Rockabye Baby in
the treetop when the wind
you doing oh sorry there's a pimple so
why would you push it mark I'm sorry I
just can't resist oh my god you had me
worried yeah I'm sorry that's my boy
hi buddy how are you I said how are you
hey no you responded I'm talking to you
okay be respectful Jesus I am going yeah
to Utah today snowboarding trip a
Sundance Film Festival hey what what no
you're just jealous because you can't
snowboard because you're a bird mm what
no false I'm all packed up I got a
suitcase full of snowboarding supplies
problem is I over pack another problem
is I don't actually have all the stuff I
need your boy does not have snowboarding
pins I feel like most people would think
this is an issue and it is but I think
I'm just gonna go my boxers yeah I'm
gonna be that guy on the slopes
snowboard naked and stuff feels like I'm
wearing nothing at all nothing at all
nothing anyways yeah I gotta try and
shut this bad boy it is almost time we
are packed up and ready to go and when I
say we I mean we've added another member
to the trip y'all remember Spencer
what's up dude any shot you see that his
beautiful artistic amazing looks like a
movie this guy right here Spencer what
are you bringing bro we got a cribs
equipment addition oh my god all right
what we got okay so we got the drone get
the hard drives plenty of footage is
gonna get guys yeah
Lan's journal Oh down what you just
don't know what's gonna happen
well are you bringing the journalist
what do you mean you just don't know
what's got we're vlogging or oh good
welcome to the 21st century bro come on
I think Becky is very cute okay dude
Spencer why stop enough enough back this
is gonna get awesome shots that's
definitely gonna hit some stuff Oh God
gimbal thing a seven more to
go so we have to like grade-a cameras
honestly the stuff your guys about to
watch are no longer vlogs they are going
to turn into movies with the journals
down bro down with the jerries of
smugglers Godsman
yeah before we go I forgot you seen this
buddy
I'm gonna miss you can you take care of
maverick for me absolutely not I hate
that bird mark I need someone to take
care of maverick you gotta do a book
please okay that's my boy it is so going
down right now like saying bro also tell
them how expensive the house we're
staying in his hand at Grant at night
ten thousand dollars per night you can
bet your ass I'm not paying for that
because with each suitcase place in the
uber I'm like this is one more bad
decision that's gonna take place this
weekend
you snowboard a ski snowboard first
thing we do in George gets here is
screaming he goes yeah you're Middle
Eastern you can't do that sorry Spencer
Taylor George Janko Logan Paul fact 36 d
37 c 37d my in the middle I hope so
no yeah we've added another member to
the trip can you turn yeah there it is
this is Chantal we are also waiting for
alyssa violet aka our crew is lit check
this out whoo yo and Maya beast did I
just do that you
I noticed have like the cool young like
hip kids things had moved 10 times since
we've been here I'm gonna start saying I
know I'm gonna start saying it I bet
you're gonna start saying that's a fact
I already said I say facts only okay I
love these fact that's a fact
hashtag phat clean it up Spence that's
my boy you look like a little bitch
that's my boy
yeah there it is okay hey hey uninvite
her we'll see you later shut up not
coming on the trip George
oh you just got it I am the one that
weighs a ton having good shit I didn't
catch it
we are going to take that this Airport
two seconds it says so we are about to
go through security as you can see over
here George is about to get randomly
selected from being Middle Eastern
dammit I knew I should have shaved my
face buddy you're with a group of
savages we had to stop to get food
excess we were all kind of on that
health life so these are not meals
they're so sad I'm sad for us dude are
you on the health life already you know
I always clearly go but you're getting a
bigger thing than I did two of the
saddest meals you've ever purchased in
your life what what I'm actually from a
while but I'll take it why is she
wearing all-black someone just died like
even her a little like neck sleeping
pillow is black why are you wearing all
black did someone die you're gonna make
me hit this hashtag mood hashtag fax
that's a fact you wouldn't know this
blog time please do not drop this
actually want to hit it off you were hit
it off okay no see what happens in life
in everything but I was talking about
her lemonade
she has a boyfriend Justin girls always
say it's her blog and just really I'm
down to be like eight nine and ten see
all of them give her a change there she
is look who decided to show up
but kudasai look who decided to show up
hey Alyssa oh there's no turning back
Chantal he's done so thank you this
cannot be a thing
George is vlogging vlogging I just want
to take this chance to point out you
have glasses right you have glasses you
have glasses and Spence has glasses I'm
the only one without glasses
you're a prescription also not really
good welcome
I don't know how to put this but no
they're not y'all I'm I'm throwing my
face
Alyssa could not wait to sit down to
start eating are you kidding me right up
where you are you in front of me yes and
Georgia's to my left
yes I press my boy do I even need to say
this is the dream team like we are so
stacked right now Chantal and Alyssa
actually are in the back it should be
Georgia has made a home on this plane
here's the kitchen the living rooms in
his lap and the pantry is right here
that crosses my butt the backyards in
his butt is where they throw the parties
okay we're about to take off so see you
guys when we land in Utah
now that's how you answer Utah that's
how you do it we have to find Chantal
and ELISA and then tell them that we
have an hour drive to get to our resort
what our I don't know that kind of time
hey who's ready for that our drive our
drive suite sideways my bag I'm getting
my bag why do you look so basic you look
so basic vlogging glasses big glasses
Starbucks suitcase your basic bench oh
you're not doing a jack because I'm a
savage 100% pure Ohio shot Savage you
should pierce your nipples right oh yeah
liquors no one knows that oh well my
whole vlog does now
uh sure Raymond chain is 2g
so I ran out of the car I'm at a house
right oh yeah this is the right house
like you look at this house oh my god
yeah this house is next level admit this
is amazing the next craziest days of our
life oh my god holy shit someone's
topless a pretty big closet I'll take it
skiing all day right there this is the
slope oh my god it's cold
oh wait a second out of my peripherals
it's gonna be my home we got the gym
baby muslimah in my gut you know what
needs to happen right now me jumping
from up there onto a love sac that's how
we got your room oh no no no no no no no
your room is over here new room is over
here your room is right there this is
Irene the Barton no yo Mike come on No
hey are you looking for a roommate you
know chalisa right who's he shorted out
god damn
honestly it was it was it was too good
to be true bro like we had to take an L
somehow and and this was it this is the
L were taking okay boom bada bing bada
boom oh my god this is amazing that is
it for the vlog guys these next couple
of vlogs these next two or three days
are gonna be amazed like I said they're
not coming vlogs they're gonna be
straight movies I'm talking movies
today's notification shout-out goes to
Eva turn it from slovenia slovenian I
love you and Eva thank you for having my
notifications on girl on that note I'm
just gonna say one more time I am so
freaking excited freaking love you I
will see you tomorrow
take it easy picking yummy
the hair thing buddy are you pushing
right yep - one piece s you bitch my
soap stop let's hope birth dope dammit
dammit this kind of sucks yeah but the
house is dope right
