you know the business and no music no
music this is so much fun he goes wow
really yeah I know it's really early in
the morning 7:30 in the morning to be
exact that I just landed in Miami
it's like 4:30 in the morning la time
which is where I came from so your boy
is tired the boy is very tired right now
I'm waiting for someone
hey there is Jeff Jeff where you going
come on bro we're a party we're together
Jeff come back don't do this to me Jeff
don't do this to me bro Jeff you do this
to me now I got to do this to you how
was your play was fine I slipped away
oh me too bro I'm tired is good six
hours light out what half hour oh I need
that extra - yeah alright
that explains everything though there's
actually a four and a half hour flight
yo I'm screwed so I guess that means
we're running out four and a half hours
of sleep of no I still have that on not
sufficient for most people but I'm not
most people
I just say we're waiting for our bags
right now so I'm gonna go ahead and take
this time to stretch out because listen
to me kids if you're flexible you sexy
boy let me go you son of a bitch
I missed here we go you loser I'm Paul
Logan
yeah I'm Paul Logan Jeffrey riddle me
this are we on the way to the hotel
first hotel and hotel then meeting
meeting meeting meeting DeeDee
so many meetings so many meetings it's
called networking is that what is that
what this trip is I have not told them
it's a networking trip yeah so we just
we meet people and network media and
branding and marketing okay so like
high-level intelligence adults of the
head of YouTube red
oh hey YouTube original van I know
you're subscribed in my vlogs thank you
like and subscribe so just like since
you aren't subscribed this is a very
adult trip very business he's gonna be
baby I gotta say though Miami you look
beautiful
oh and that we are here oh yes yes yes
yes yeah check this out I actually
haven't even been in here so no that's
cool but here is what it looks like a
shower yep totally a shower here is what
it looks like a bathroom yep a bathroom
and look at this view cuz oh my god this
is amazing but yeah this is like the
perfect level of simplicity I got my
office space and then savageries oh my
god to have a balcony yes on the corner
of the building so I get this whole
balcony to myself oh boy if there's any
girls here in Miami things are going
down this helps me okay I need a little
refresher so I'm gonna hop in the shower
real quick before we go to our first
meeting Hey yeah so here's our car and
we are going to the meeting oh okay we
got agent Paul in the back seat we got
manager just to my left yo who is
telling these people that my name is
Paul Logan is that you and that you know
it could be for me Paul and you Logan
for both answer Paul smooth and sunny
thank you bro Logan exiting the vehicle
here we go I'm stretching again you're
the first thing I notice about Miami and
I guess I just didn't think about this
it's hot Miami's freaking hot oh snap
big old conference table for a couple of
chachi's I'll take you guys uh you guys
need any vitamins I need somebody a good
little we got a lot here vitamins in a
heart shape this is incredible is it a
heart or is it Kim Kardashian's ass know
how I feel why would you say that
I wonder if this coconut oil has ever
had sex get it cuz it's broke am that
vlogging the world is your oyster I
wonder if they're gonna send people in
here to meet with us or they're just
like gonna let us talk
boom okay yo that was a dope meeting and
here's why now they got my name right
Logan poke my book I'm a little tired
guys damn four hours of sleep is slowly
kidding me right now but I cannot be
tired because um I have a speaking
engagement or something me and you yeah
oh oh there was I deal with that so I'm
gonna take this time in the car to do a
quick power nap I'll see you guys in a
jiffy okay a little bit of an issue I'm
so tired
cannot be a thing cuz as you can see
this conventions kind of pop it I think
ours is a little bit of a smaller crowd
the more like what executor getting your
masters at college there's less people
anyways back to the problem of being
sleeping being sleeping what is it what
does that mean I can barely form
sentences how am I about to teach
executives about social media this is
one of those times you just have to you
gotta dig deep
stay off business word of the day but
we're about to talk a little business so
here we go
and if I put you in the vlog you have to
say business really loudly this business
how is a day good Oh how's that in turn
life awesome I mean great like new
people like you oh thanks
blonde shot I'll take that I'll take a
oh what is the back of your shirt thing
say oh I thought it'd be a party oh
welcome to the vlog life Samantha no
Christie Christie
yo we killed that how did you think I
did I mean all right this one right here
her name is Donna she's like yo we got a
dance might be drunk bro
okay okay okay enough of this business
how did I do
was it good hey Plus home Ryan walk-off
home run hey Jeff you did good the best
you've ever done on a panel Oh No maybe
I need to get four hours of plain sleep
more often oh okay I am back in my room
now there's only one thing to do and
that is get naked I am naked just
kidding uh I'm sort of actually not
kidding
I have boxers on you get the point no
that thing is show everyone my butt from
the balcony this is gonna be great what
if there's like some sort of public
indecency charge for this here we go you
like what you say has Nicki Minaj would
say how you like that sweet ass I don't
know she says something like that I
think oh no no I'm actually gonna go
ahead and work out we got about two
hours till our next meeting and I'm
finding this an opportunity to go get
swole so let's get that stop so I've
actually stayed at this hotel before and
as I remember the gym is freaking dope
the problem is I forgot where it is has
anyone seen the gym the gym
like National aerobic championship
featuring regional finalists from all
across the United States competing for
the title of America's best aerobic
athlete
all right so I have to pause the workout
real quick these girls what is it what
did you guys do they broke into the
hotel yeah and like found the gym well I
I made a snapchat in the gym oh they go
I'm getting small and they broke it
because keep doing this yes but no I do
not condone this whoever owns this hotel
what are these your did you color
correct these letters yes how long did
these take to write you guys are the
sweetest girls ever normally I feel like
I should be creeped out I just don't get
creeped out I won't read people break
into my hotel
oh prove it yo so those girls were
pretty savage I'd say they're even more
savage for having the balls to interrupt
my workout just a bit to do that anyways
to your sweet girls thank you for the
notes guys
hashtag low gank for life let's keep
getting it
that is the workout guys yo I got it in
today I am gonna shower off and then go
down there oh my god it looks so lit
literally because there's lights
everywhere hey why does this keep
happening and on that note that is the
vlog guys that's the day I'm so sorry
that nothing happened today
I try to be Savage I really do but being
that this is my life you know every day
is not gonna be the most exciting
sometimes you've got to be okay with
fans breaking into your hotel
interrupting your workout and giving you
a letter with hashtag farts
written on it literally it says that
hashtag fart what the girls
I have like I said I appreciate your
savagery I do you should not even know
what a bus unless we're talking about
Jake Paul am i right today's
notification shoutout goes to Donovan
gets in from New Jersey Donovan how do I
say this that's my boy anyways that's it
like I said I'm done talking I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow it will be
more fun I promise a kitty Z low gang
hashtag looking for that
