hey good morning Logan what Gooch ah a
bit of a weird hair day this morning
check this out
I'm straight you in recording right now
see I I feel a little bit slow so I'm
just I'm gonna go right through the gym
wake myself up force myself to do
something I also got some people to
clean the house because I did not want
to do that why'd she go away you know
she's down there some who's here
yeah I did not wanna I didn't cause she
seemed okay
anyways yeah let's go hit the gym boom
okay I am so out here right now I'm not
gonna talk much and just get the day
started
you're the superstar above me when the
Sun Goes Down the what it only Hoka
light this town
and when you feel like your birthday
easy guys I'm gonna I'm gonna work out
now is that cool one more distraction
one more distraction oh my is this kid
dabbing on the parking garage across the
way this is the most amazing thing I've
ever seen yeah yeah yeah that is
incredible I love this kids I'm not
gonna lie this is such an interesting
start shit please tell me okay now I'm
gonna try to work out let's see what
happened oh my god I kid you not call
from my agent hello what's up man
yo halfway through the workout I was
like oh my god my stomach I had fish
last night I had fish last night I just
said that it suffered from short-term
memory loss and I felt it kinda like
coming up you know what I dug deep I
said to myself I'm a dancer and I kept
doing I kept I did it broad didn't and
then I finished my workout
someone stop this man so yes kids the
lesson of the day is even if you're
feeling sick feeling down tire whatever
push through that you can do it okay
with that said let's go upstairs
whoo okay I am outside my apartment and
check this out seeing all of this a
cleaning supply material this makes me
so happy because I don't like to clean
like at all
zero oh my god it's so clean I'm taking
my shoes off over here so I don't ruin
their hard work this is amazing dude
like people are gonna come home from
house team a clean house really oh that
kid is such an adult but really I just
hired adults to do it for me aah most
people choose to spend their money on
cars or girls clubs all of the above not
me bro not me I just I like to have a
clean house bye we love you
and by we I mean me myself and I and if
you want to get married and run off and
have kids I move this island became
amazing oh my god it's awkward cuz yeah
your highness walked in doing that and
and she's still outside no I know what's
coming
no you know this she's two at a time
would ya put it with dog I want for a
bun like right
rolling that's what I'm saying cus I had
the power that only Athenian gods have
in my wrist is that my boy but he's in
his cage cuz I didn't want him to attack
the maids hydrant
yeah I don't cuz dude no no that's why I
put you in your cage I'm letting you out
calm there you go buddy
be free yes yes yes that's what I'm
saying I love you buddy
mmm although you're being an asshole
look at the clean room you now live in
and they clean marks room too
oh my god this is sexy in the bathroom -
this thing is spotless hot damn I'm such
a freakin adult yo mark what do you
think about this clean room I know you
like it
I know bro I took some initiative it's
straight out it spongebob bro you have a
giant bud what what what I keep on
waiting waiting waiting for my food to
cook I keep all waiter this Oh Oh Viktor
Staudt guys I'm on that health life my
personal chef made me this
she's what she does she puts it in
Tupperware and then I accept to heat it
up again just another one of those
things where people think like I do
adult things but really I just hire
adults we got some carbs in our sweet
potatoes healthy carbs we got greens and
then some biscuit brisket for a protein
delicious biscuit biscuit no it's just
brisket but then again what the risk
yes I did just use the word ergo this is
why you guys need to watch my vlogs I
educate you watch ergo great work ergo
used as a sentence connector therefore
or consequently screaming it how you
might too loud what are you doing
are you just enjoying that view that
nice building view I'm just gonna let
you continue being weird buddy a few
moments later okay I ate the meal and it
was delicious gracias Senor
there we go I scared you with the teddy
bear sounds like a personal problem bro
I gave it to you so you could snuggle a
bro
there it is kpop disk I knew it was too
good to be true my man is too cute when
he sleeps
God made him a snorer he's been sleeping
in my bed the last like three days and
every time he just starts crying I have
to hit him to wake up I'm losing my mind
are you seeing this bro no this sucks
and it's so amazing at the same time oh
my god sunset right now is so beautiful
but I can't see it cuz of this damn
building I'm losing my mind right and I
can't I can only go over so far from
here so I can't see it this might be the
most beautiful sunset I've seen here in
Hollywood and I cannot enjoy it because
of urban sprawl when cities expand and
take over everything the more you know
hey I was doing just fine before I met
you I think much and as soon as you but
I'm okay no are you see are you missing
out on this song
see look at these clouds yeah dude
gorgeous cloud boy are you referencing a
vine that I did it had clap boy
what is your thoughts/opinions you know
just sunset so much better this
depresses me bro you know I blamed it on
a urban sprawl who's that
it's a oh you heard an expression yeah
why are we so gold golden it was the
sunsets beautiful eyebrow sexy and
remained of gold
all just getting more and more mad as we
watched the sunset this frustrates me so
much right now oh my god you can see how
it's almost incredible but not quite
just put em in there for the rest of
your life I haven't could cover it up
he's a mannequin challenge permanently
though I have someone on guard who I
think was not gonna let you do that
listen to me buddy if anyone tries to
come in here mess everything up you stop
them you bite them you squawk you make
noise got it it did like I said out
there before you know I didn't know Evan
had that much power in his body no no I
turned it he may kicked me he's seen it
I got it on video
Evan knows a guy he knows a guy who
sells cocaine but also fixes drywall is
that true you won't you won't come over
cuz the debt and marks wall
oh snap I feel bad for mark homies just
game burned right now I'm just gonna
mark swipe a lot recently bro so sorry
ok I'm with the boys the one not to what
three could someone tell them what
they're doing what were you guys like
the way I slick my hair though it's
always the same your hair is literally
always the same to the left more this
yeah what do you guys think about my
hair right today we're watching in
airplane mode that's Latin guys it's not
color corrected yet it's not colored
there are no VFX and there's no sound
design it's like a skeleton movie right
now we're still editing it but it's time
to get some notes so I'm like yo man
bring my boys and see what they think of
that movie though how can one human
being be so good-looking and cute - all
the ratchetness and kind of disgusting
this that is Hollywood we actually live
like in the center of everything so we
have the privilege of walking to the
theater right now - Evan he's on the
longboard lastly well it's like trippin
you don't have short legs the cute thing
yo y'all got the front seats damn what
the hair style is so although the movie
is not ready yet the reason we do
screenings like this is to test what
works and what does whether it's the
joke the story itself or like certain
care or this right here is how we learn
if we have a good movie but excited dude
isn't on the screen yet very important
scene Ari I don't know if you notice but
I had a very important scene in the
movie in this movie yeah somehow I did
miss that sick I remember when I was in
the movie I also missed that yo I can't
wait to see the scene where I make out a
list of violet
I don't know mark between that girl
today and your makeout scene I'm okay I
need to break Mauro marks walls what oh
you are your roommate yeah roommates
eyebrow he doesn't like I call him my
roommate my dad yo and all of them are
vlogs he says my roommate but mark I'm
Logan Paulie but I tagged no I am and
then so I tweeted today when your
roommate burns your eyebrow up note a
what it's still missing as your
pseudonym
most of all we want you to enjoy it
there's no excuses watch it be ruthless
you know let us know if you felt like it
drag that any places got boring some
jokes didn't hit don't record anything
cuz your phone's in half a month
hey subtle plug no shame I'm not
recording your movie Logan
ammonia movements and
bullshit
so we finished the movie and we're like
making everyone to take a test asking
them what they thought was funny okay so
the thing about this vlog like dude the
vlog light is no joke like it is what
time zone in a second 4:02 a.m. because
my boys are passed out on the couch why
am i awake write this blog like it is it
is so real like I cannot hide anything
from you which is good in a sense cuz I
mean like we low gay we family this is
the next level louder right now but yeah
it was doing 30th birthday one of the
directors of airplane
oh no ha ha ha anyways yeah it's 4 a.m.
I need to get to bed I love you guys
today's notification shout-out goes to
Chrissy Shaw from India Chrissy thank
you for having my notifications I will
see you guys tomorrow take it easy
as you bid
