hey good morning low gang would pop a
couple of things I want to address one I
pop the pimple this morning sure to Evan
I rockin this new la fashion style it's
a shirt near your yes it's called the
shirt dicks you got you got your dick
I'm not going to be both we both got our
dicks and then three la what you doing
Road you see this what is happening
never never never
ray this is bad this is more rain than
we've gotten in the past six days in in
nine years and also there's a girl on my
balcony did you see her who is this girl
on that who is this girl why is she on
my balcony she walked in she's on my
balcony in the rain I don't know how
much of this talk I think it's locked
good yeah great he's gonna have to find
a way out
sorry girl these girls beat you walking
in my house making phone calls on my
balcony no wait Evan and I are gonna go
get some food and then shoot that should
we do it or you think it's overplayed I
think we should do it shoot that no you
lock the door yeah who is this girl yo
I'm just kidding it's a joke come and
know her come here come here come here
hug me
okay great why are you my husband and my
bully bullies me back what are you doing
here the cutest laugh I've ever heard we
get a replay of that laughs although
this rain suck I do have good news
members the other day I was like yo I'm
gonna shoot fireballs out of my wrist
like spider-man
well we were waiting for this paper to
dry it said it's gonna take 24 hours at
Oh Sophie and it's been 24 hours so
later today we are gonna also I really
need to say this dude loking we are like
so strong I asked for a hundred and
twenty five thousand likes on
yesterday's video
well no two days ago so this Secret
Service prank against my brother has
been up for less than 24 hours and it
has two hundred and twenty six thousand
likes oh my god oh my god Yahoo calling
me hello hello what yo that's how you
catch up with Kimbo I'm just saying like
I don't even need to be asking for like
sending I mean I probably will but like
I know we can do it yeah do we rock you
ready to go eat some breakfast
bet park next to me and your car is gone
your car is gone I'm just kidding but
for this angle you can barely tell this
parking garage contains my car which
contains oh one for you and one for me
just kidding me do you hate me do you
hate my vlogs you hate the low game good
cuz they tear you up
we're gonna walk to breakfast but I
forgot bet it's dry she has a car yeah I
appreciate that I appreciate that
however it's too late now we already
have the umbrellas so we're just
chilling back here with the mochi 13
thanks for driving us best
boy you don't like being filmed the
camera loves you baby you're gonna be a
star look me in the eye to tell me you
love me that's actually how I get girls
I can make you famous on YouTube yeah
we're here Thank You Beth again okay
love it I don't have anything Oh
order what you just ordered so here's
what we're working with today on that
health light we got a healthy breakfast
burrito egg whites broccoli tomatoes
with the whole-wheat tortilla Evans got
his wakey wakey eggs and Bakey I'm like
a lion looks bomb and if you guys
remember Bennet he directed on my show
Logan Paul versus caveman and always
that bomb because it looks bomb yes all
right cool cool anyways I'm dr. Mann
smash
this restaurant has dope especially
because the chandelier it's made out of
silverware you could eat a lot of dinner
with this chandelier wait wait
focus bitch focus about it I love you
stay back Evan I told you bro these
umbrellas are useful they're useful in
you to vote what's out yo Oh
ha ha ha so I get back to my house and
I'm pissed someone walked in my house
and walked downstairs with mud on their
shoes look at mud mud mud trail there's
just a trail not a big deal all right we
can just clean it up oh but wait a
second it's not mud it's poop litter
it's poop that they walked in my house
on their shoes there is my floor over
Logan that's not that bad you can clean
it up right yeah off the floor the
hardwood floor yes no problem put it on
the car bridge huzzah he's getting their
ass beat I'm sorry but I am pissed right
now
hey walking down stairs with shoes on no
and then be having the audacity to do it
with poop on yourself are you and I
think I know who it was
hey what's up the weather's so bad nice
way to change the topic you walked in my
house this morning with shit all over
your shoes and dragged it in my house a
rag did downstairs and it's everywhere
its poop bet that's viable for to find a
poop on your shoe like you did it did
you walk down stairs with his shoes on
yes you did yes you did
it's it's literally she this is not
funny
you ate it what are you laughing this is
not funny this is this is disgusting how
far away are you come back and clean my
house but do you understand there's
shits all over my house cause of you but
there's just on my carpet turn around to
come clean my house yeah if you're not
coming done this dude
this is in my head every night I were
supposed to shoot today and now there's
a poop on my mind
do you wanna clean okay so heaven does
not want to clean no one wants to clean
this up I'm texting Beth she goes did
you get in the vlog I said of course
everyone's gonna think you're disgusting
and she said the loghain gonna hate me
yeah I so from now on low gang we don't
like Beth all right what'd you say why
would I ever touch that I thought it was
you bro leave him alone Evan we're all
upset but why are you always the bear yo
bear back up this is my boy that's my
boy and I'm working you cuz oh hey you
Georgie can we shoot at your house no
promises so this is not solving the
problem but I really do genuinely
appreciate you taking some initiative to
cover people I know and I appreciate I
really do as if the mystery could not
get any deeper that's it that's a turn
that's a little turd that is a little
turd and it's not saying oh my god
you'll eat that turn of your manga
there's a couple dings testing your
manhood right now and you know if you
don't do them you're a woman just say no
yeah never gets old
I'm just saying it's weird that there's
like full poops right outside my door oh
hey no no no no no that's my boy no hi
oh is this the culprit I bet that's the
culprit what your house is down there
yeah I know but this is nice carpet I
walk towards my house shoes off oh oh
Jesus mother of God it's it's time it's
time
oh I got these candies do you notice
something about them they're miniature
throw all these many candies bro all for
you and hold up I got you baby carrots
oh gee yo come on so today's sketch I am
a evans counselor except mama I'm a bad
counselor do I look like a counselor or
grandma we think example whoa if the low
gang needs counseling comment below I
got you dude this is gonna be the worst
counselling ever this is Kelly she's
gonna be shooting our sketch today are
you savage Savage okay that's all I need
here well that's all it takes
I'm pissed that someone dragged boobs
into my house okay without further ado
let's do this without further due do
what a few moments later
that's arrest thank you George
where you going George of China thank
you for my vlog that's gonna wrap your I
appreciate you let me use your house let
me use your clean up both mark and I not
only are vlogging you but appreciate you
I appreciate that
no really all were so we need a chisel
use this 7yo this sucks because it's not
just in one spot like this girl tracked
it the whole house up here you clean up
I got you bro to be honest I just asked
him to do it and these please started
doing it I have no idea why are you
actually gonna use it it smells people
actually listen our house is disgusting
my man is upgrading to a knife he needs
something sharper to remove the
poop-poop I hate saying it I was
thinking about not putting any of this
in the vlog cuz I hate poop and this is
why I'm also not cleaning it up I just
can't is the knife working better I
gotta say you're attacking that like a
bitch bro no yeah you see you got a you
got here look first off no gloves all
right I'm a man
you just get oh my god this is horrible
bro this is the way to do it though you
gotta just carve up the ground right oh
oh my god
Oh see new scene I was gonna be like
this is what you've done she knew not to
show her face this is not a joke this is
not a drill Beth I am never talking to
you again you were not allowed in this
house again this is one of the most
disrespectful things you could ever do
to someone this is horrible I just
loaded this fire shooting device I don't
know if it's gonna work I haven't shot
any oh yeah the first time we shot this
I was a newbie all right now the second
time I'm a freakin pro dude I brought my
friend Jake here he's gonna witness it
your mama what you think in the first
time bro epic epic does he have any idea
what there's no I do and tell me what
you just saw well people have recently
been using the phrase its lip I can
scribe certain situations what just
happened here is the only thing that has
ever been lit yo this is the best
purchase of my life yo I'm locked and
loaded mark has no idea what's coming
hold up Oh God
now I feel bad oh no really no wait the
camera up because I don't want to see
you know we're really really literally
burnt wait I feel a burn oh my god yo I
nice I smell the burnt hair smell you I
saw that it hurts bro like literally my
face is burnt
you have the oh I'm not joke here I know
I thought you were faking it for the
vlog
no I he's he's not stoked about it
yo what why bro why yeah yeah but you
told me it was okay don't lie before I
roll the camera you said you want me to
act like I don't know what's coming you
admit you said it though hey I'm talking
matrix cuz I mean you pay half the rent
bro so I mean you break the door it's
half on you well that's my peer
I cannot tell
are you smiley smiley you're smiling
wait wait let me check genuinely though
but thank god you're fine but I'm fine
oh my
yo you may be so nervous mark genuinely
speaking you burnt my first eyebrow and
Eber muffs care are you in pain my
eyebrow hurts yes but it looks okay it
looks fine
it feels burnt like I forgot
why would I smelled the burnt hair some
I was like oh yeah I messed are the
burnt hair did you really want me to
miss you yeah I thought you were going
to miss me oh yeah I thought you would
like dodge adheres to your eyebrows
still being detected
are you icing it are you a strap thanks
bro
yeah when you were pounding on the door
I was like don't call me a method acting
that's why I'm that's why I needed to
burn your eyebrow to get you there cuz
you think I would learn nope I'm not
calm calm yourself calm eat its mark
tomorrow he needs to do one of these I
figure it'd look cool in the night guys
that's the day thank you for watching I
love you you know this today's
notification shout-out goes to do you
know it you don't know you're not
telling me of coach Paul sent from
Denmark it's a little tough to say but
you a thank you for having my
notifications on Mia you want a
shout-out just turn my notifications on
the comment done or our low gang for
life below I literally I burn my
roommates eyebrow if today
he was sucks and we made he did overall
today was a good day
as you guys know low gate I love you bro
I will see you guys tomorrow Evan and I
are gonna continue to slay the Internet
take it easy family
a few big
