check it out I think I ruined a marketer
what second oh I oh yeah what oh my God
look at this split right now hot damn oh
I say good evening cuz it's 1:30 p.m.
before we get the day's activities
started I want to show you guys
something I find this extremely weird
someone put rest and be a rest in peace
Harambee like picture on my fridge I'm
wondering if it's Mack my friend Mack
that's staying with me he's not here
right now but like I don't know why he
would do that maybe home he loves
Harambee I'm gonna ask Mac when he gets
back here if he put it up there but
anyways we are back in Los Angeles on
that Los Angeles grind have not shaved
the beard yet I asked you guys in
yesterday's vlog if I should shave it or
keep it it looks like you guys want me
to keep it well I don't like it so but I
said if you guys make the decision so
your your world but I guess you'll want
me on cement y'all want me looking like
a man still hurts to smile by the way um
the wisdom tooth thing that's what this
little like yellow spot here is I know a
lot of people have been commenting on
that I'm Bruce it from my insides bro so
gimme I'm also rocking this sexy robe I
don't know why comfortable its fluffy
you know looking like a pimp
anyways I do know one thing Donald Trump
is president let's go say what's up to
maverick I do map looking like a man
what yes I am I have a beard in a robe
does it get much better freaking ball
saying that to me cuz your little parrot
so I have this friend named Natalie
coming over she's a girl and we've only
hung out we were gonna like maybe like
one time so I probably shouldn't be
doing what I'm about to do but we still
have our Christmas tree up I'm like
y'all like I got like I'm gonna get a
little gift first I got her these candy
underwear and candy bra and imma give
them to her like we've hung out once so
this like our friendship level is not
where it needs to be for me to do this
kind of thing woo okay Logan way to make
things act
don't have any actual wrapping paper
just because I'm a muchacha but I do
have this used dish towel but I think
this will work just fine go go wrap it
up nice oh yeah this is this this is
good kids this is innovation - Natalie
Logan raw the only gift that ever made
it under the savage tree but goddamn
it's a good one okay Natalie is here
they're sending her up right now I'm
gonna do my thing and scare the
Schuester I also have this camera set up
so we don't miss anything so ashay you
know how people in their videos they go
she should build like really like it
doesn't matter if you're talking I you
like level of attractiveness to this man
outfit one to ten a nine point eight Wow
yo I got you of Christmas again it's
under the tree I'm gonna open it it's
for you I put a lot of time and effort
into it so I hope you appreciate it
you wrapped in his house yeah oh damn it
looks like there are I don't know how
that happened I think you're really
gonna like it
I've got you you might not use that now
can't get that back actually okay it's
part of my kitchen towel so Oh what do
you think you're gonna use it yeah
actually that's what I'm saying it's
edible it's sexy oh wow
to cover everything that's amazing so
now if you could like put them on and
give me a dope thumbnail that I think
that's the point you make fun of my
shoes can I ask why that's a great
answer my boy is here super slippery oh
no Josie yo you like him I mean I love I
just didn't know how slimy they were
does it make me look manly bro they make
you look like the bear that you wrestled
one yeah Natalie said the same thing
Spence do you see that gift though what
do you blow-dry it like how do you know
cuz I'm a savage part of being a savage
do you see that gift on the counter you
know what you think about him bro look
at this thing this is a bit too big for
you I feel like you all including me
apparently what is this look at this
little nugget it's got on the back
that's more like that's right cover the
butthole cool go Mac Mac Mac bro Mac I
need to ask you because there's been on
my mind what's up with this and why you
didn't put that on my fridge this
morning so that's put this on my fridge
see that worries me a little bit cuz
like all jokes aside I do I leave my
house unlocked so I mean definitely
wasn't me I don't know bear with Mac's
are you you did not put this on the
fridge would you leave your door yes and
we're the only two people in this house
man this doesn't worry you you're just
gonna take a Kodak all right that's
great excu
are you guys you're having a full-on
conversation about whether or not they
can be developed still we're in 2016 she
says you can't develop these anyway I
don't think you can know so much bro yo
tell me what you see this monkey is
haunting me yo easy easy I'm gonna I'm
gonna bro hey yo yo yo yo yo yo easy are
you okay first off are you fine
Dawg I'm pretty sure I just saw a killer
clown in the elevator it was a I see
balloon I see a scary mask and I see
colorful clothes clowns clowns are back
yo yo get this camera off to scare
Natalie and she jumped like a little
bitch do we have recorded on Dawg it's
alright check it out guys right now we
were gonna review some footage if I if I
pull this up and there's the clown
outside of my door I'm changing my
address I'm quitting YouTube and I'm
deporting myself in the country and I'm
taking your underwear with me young lady
might as well so someone's mad
fortunately no that's the creepiest cook
I've ever oh yeah
watch what yeah he's stuck Harambee on
the door yo did you do you know what
this is all of a sudden you come to LA
and yo shut the fuck was of you right
why being so shady yeah why are you
going for so long gone for so long why
are you using cameras from the 1980s
there's a little bit of a discrepancy
max never Cates Natalie hey did you
finger his butthole he hates that
oh hi maverick since you're being a
little bitch I'm gonna shut this cage
side buddy all maverick evilness aside
what you want to do about this clown gee
I've got a plan actually is it gonna be
some BS Spencer plan one thing a clown
right backs what are clowns
clouds are entertainers or entertainers
what kind of entertainers are clowns
what can they do we need to find you to
get something that is gonna attract this
Clark club's attracted some minds it's
all about because are attracted to mine
also checking out I think I ruined a
marketer what second oh I say oh yeah
what what the Yahoo is this come on bro
this is not funny there's only one way
you can get across there and it's from
my neighbor's house Iike virus come on
use right now our medium is like like I
feel invaded but part of me is like you
know this cars funny he's got a sense of
humor got an episode of scooby-doo where
we're just collecting clues that's
exactly what one of the clues we got
Harambee we got Zika virus and Conor
McGregor what does he got to do with
McGregor they both kill people like
killing people no III think I know who
it is okay
I actually know it is um because this
balcony the only house to connects to is
Alex's House and we when we forget each
other's keys or keys or our house well
yeah we let cuz we always leave these
doors unlock again shouldn't be saying
that
we caught you Alex you're funny Alex
busted bitch hello
give up the clown suit probably changing
downstairs G elaborate yeah this is you
we know is you you actually you're
actually confused yes Zika virus Conor
McGregor Harambee I don't know what that
means
likely story he knows all of but clown
ran across that balcony thing that we we
like mice from our place and then hopped
over and written that's why we're like
like you can jump over are you telling
me the only way for him to get it Logan
spot is through this place oh definitely
you is there any other way that like he
could have wait you really no idea
what's going on yep no idea was going on
super cookies I mean there might be Hall
yo shut up dog yo to market lady cut
funny this plant has a sense of humor
yeah I don't know what yeah weird what
do they mean what do they mean you love
killer Klowns
look we're we're gonna shut the fuck is
that him Neal it Neal's in front of the
little pillar we caught you what do you
want
who are you is he about to hit that Nene
admit this is a funny clown bro yo this
is this is fucking weird
no we were I so you want to go get him
we you want to see what's over there yo
yo yo y'all my nose is greeting my nose
is bleeding Dawg Dawg are you all right
hey yo you're right why is my nose
bleeding this kind of is it weird that
my nose is bleeding right now is a
little frustrating bro this whole days
is is so look at this is the garage
right
let's see David Bowie Prince Mohammed
Ali
Princess Leia Carrie Fisher all these
people died this year back at the crib
oh my nose is still bleeding
you should have went over there and kick
this guy's ass is up to you it took too
long I didn't um I just got my wisdom
teeth taken out like I I was just afraid
if like I get hit right now in the face
remember my whole mouth is gonna start
bleeding right out there okay hello pick
this up I want to put these all next to
each other maybe they form like a puzzle
or something what do we got we got two
men that look like women one woman that
looks like a woman oh great okay
Chewbacca lady classic yes fighter
correct Conor McGregor also a fighter
fighter living fighter - around there -
around base resting baby today so this
is just Zika virus which kills people
dude this is all like besides like
Chewbacca lady and Conor McGregor this
is all like things I'm on the surface
like a simple simplicity what's coming
to my mind is like that it just it's all
things that happen in 2016 the majority
being ass so maybe maybe he's saying
like it's all 2016 policy disaster clown
hated 2016 that's it McGregor is a
disaster I don't know do we need an
answer
dude like disclaimer this is a
ceremonial burden I didn't like this is
all like a Viking send-off to all the
things that happen in 2016 as we welcome
the new year ceremony command
20:16
I would be so embarrassed but this is
dumb what does it look like it's just a
blood clot it's a blood clot hell yeah
oh my god it's a Claudia's blood fire a
clotting don't worry go that was a fake
clock that was freaking dope that was
great so Alex and Lauren came over at
the time where I'm signing off which is
happening night it wasn't Alex we did
not find out who it was they thought it
was me what brought something you would
do I bet I would okay exactly that is it
for the vlog because this was a nice
little I feel like it kind of got less a
little sentimental at the end don't you
think with a leg nice little ceremony
yeah for that reason I want the low gang
to get this video to 100 times faster
like button smash smash thank you guys
for watching I will see you tomorrow
subscribe if you were not a part of the
gang I love you guys take your dues
if you bid
