good morning no gang what's poppin
I'm keeping it easy cuz I know if like
you love this dogs gonna start barking
welcome to the vlog guys I currently
have no pants on kind of how I live my
life is start the day with no pants and
the day with no pants this is uh Jake do
you wanna I mean who is this guy he's
our dad this is our deck he'll know
what's up but then you got everything I
roll bro so yeah my dad said we're
taking a Motorhome out you have a motor
I don't know why but we're gonna do some
stunts or something in this in this
vehicle today I'm not sure yet we got
Jake's for a chance we got my cousin
Alex a house full of savages we are
going to get got so let's get the day
started
I did not work at all this is actually
dope oh my gosh dude I am proud of my
dad for buying this for whatever reason
that he did that yo is that a bedroom
got a bedroom back here dude this is a
whole the kind of shower in a bow we
need the house did you already make a
smashed joke or can I
I already said it swear to god damn
anyone try to smash smash by the way I
feel like I should address I have not
shaved yet cuz once I haven't shaved yet
cuz I feel like once my wisdom tooth
swelling goes down then I'll do it I'll
just look like a new man right but yeah
this is really cool like look how big
this is
that's what she said if your parents
watch my vlogs don't watch my blog hey
there is not service my mom or my dad
but somebody's here I gotta ask you why
you have this and when you bought it
cuz I'm your son I feel like I should
know about these big purchases I have
this cuz it looks good
and I actually bought this but I'm
talking about the motorhome oh well it's
not mine it's a friend he's storing it
here for a while so I get to use it as I
wanted does that mean we can like mess
it up and stuff yeah I guess you know
all right cool are you driving this
right now Jake okay so that is where I
get out of the vehicle
little brother driving a four-ton yang
regular cars look at this beast okay see
I'm looking at this thing I'm wondering
if there's a way to get on top like
while you're driving it
you gotta get I gotta get on top right
I'm gonna try to find a way to get up
there okay this has become my mission oh
that's convenient this was much easier
than I had expected
oh yeah check us out that's sexy oh you
said it was slippery it's not that
slippery nah if I lay down flat do you
think the cops would see me yes Jake hey
Jay can you drive slow for me yeah I
feel like I don't believe him I
literally just heard him say I'm gonna
floor it and my goal is to fling my
brother off the top what what is it what
does it look like bro this is where the
fun begins
really power line is coming up I'm
shooting in slow motion let's see how
close I can get
I'm not gonna lie to you are dumb that
was way too close that was dumb that was
really dumb it was stupid
when we were just riding on it and then
I did the power line thing no joke I
think I got this close to being clipped
by a power line feel I'm so dumb I'm
just at home you brought your son almost
died did you say did you say that's a
drag
there's none of us died ah how was that
for you
I trusted you up there oh yeah yeah I
was hoping you guys would be good and
everything cool yes and my dad everybody
where we going take another shopping mom
guys put the word out I don't know we're
coming I've never kidnapped anyone and I
don't plan on it like who knows you know
I'm just kidding boys you see the girls
get more girls I don't know what that
means that but okay how did you know
that how does he know that
you know yeah I think it'd be successful
if we can convince a girl to ride in our
motorhome give a couple of mini em
friends oh yeah yeah if we can get one
girl to enter our motorhome but here's a
fun that looks like like hey get in my
car like I have a Oh Montana tickets
situation
we are at Vista Park it's the day after
Christmas so everyone is returning
Christmas gifts well populated lots of
girls Jake is on the side door I'm gonna
go through this window and my dad's
gonna cover this window are you coming
huh Hannah Montana they're coming in
they're getting in hey why did you get
in the vehicle how many people can we
get in this RV right now I'm trying to
pack it hard to get people to come into
your car when you don't know them yo
where's the girls like my age they're
all young family
this took a weird turn when we actually
started getting people in our vehicle
and why have the cops not been called on
us yet so bad we're gonna be charged for
like kidnapping yo Jake come here bro
we're not even in the bus anymore it's
just a party bus IP so me before we get
arrested for kidnapping charges cuz I'm
sure this is illegal we're probably
gonna have to dump the bus we gotta dump
these bodies Bobby you want to go on a
party bus you see that bus right there
that's our bus that's full of our fans
and friends do you guys want to come in
and party does she know how to dad no
but does your mom know how to dad let's
go girls were cute mom was cuter she
gets in that bus I'm getting that number
what'd you say say we're getting calls
about the damn thing which we're gonna
do right so we're gonna go empty the bus
empty the bus that was a solid I say we
stop the vehicle and get everyone out
high fives fives there we go why are you
pulling away as the kids are getting out
of the car
what's he saying I'm saying you were
causing a traffic issue no this is where
I like to see I'm them hoverboards yo
where's my brother you should buy the
outfits we can bounce yeah hey guys
my man it works
we murdered the hell I wish there would
have been more girls fine it's fun
I almost got a mom bro I genuinely had a
good time instead of bro yeah bruh what
when homie doesn't move
do you think there's still a chance the
cops get called you have were lying gone
we kidnapped people people gather come
we kidnap them you're right
I was literally telling them ahead of
Hannah Montana tickets they voluntarily
got in though that's right and we have
it on camera the low gang can attest to
that
no idea the guy who looks the most like
you kidnap people I had no idea everyone
is coming to the top of the RV right now
I ripped my pants on the way out
hold that while we were doing the the
whole surfing RV thing earlier my
neighbors sent me this video yeah that's
what happens yo a big day every day you
guys missed that Fisto billion you
missed it absolutely it's okay no we
didn't do it
okay no epic day Paul brother Jake epic
day Paul brother dad you still look
fabulous by the way thank you mommy
not so much you Jake working on it Paul
boys on three I wanna do one quick thing
I know it's kind of lame but I just want
to do with everyone here one two three
just came back to look at what happened
here we caused some damage well that is
the damage that we caused today here's
another one hoping the neighbors don't
watch my blogs whoo
