it's impolite to leave your limousines
upside-down so he's gonna go ahead and
tip it back over Oh easy yeah good
morning was popping so if you didn't
know I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday
so that explains this somewhat help me
broke is it bad is it bad but no no no
no pretty spit out that no not good woke
up this morning I looked myself in the
mirror said oh my gosh I've never seen
my face this fat ever my cheeks are oh
the point is this is a problem Jake Jake
Jake tell them why this is a problem
it's a problem because we drove two and
a half hours to clap with a big youtuber
so fetch his name is Roman Atwood go
Roman I'm so sorry bro if you have not
seen the wisdom tooth video I recommend
you go watch it
yes yeah you know I thought I was fine
I'm not fine I'm hurt and got a headache
my face hurts oh my gums are bleeding oh
god I have no choice but to activate
full savage mode and make the best vlog
ever with Roman that would and my
brother Jake Paul let's do it let's go
okay Yelp for you today I'm Logan
rolling now so the day is actually off
to a good start we walk downstairs to
get a complimentary breakfast and this
guy's like yo my man Joe he's like your
stays on us Joe dude thank you a free
stay at Hotel dab on Sun yo I mean the
complimentary breakfast includes
pastries that's pretty much it
is this what you've log about well if
people watch this you filling up a cup
with coffee no no I don't understand
this
what transition life what did you just
say I said you wouldn't understand this
transition life you wouldn't know this
vlog life if it hits you across the face
two major phases one is mine I have
absolutely zero appetite right now but
you know I love my waffles oh my gosh
how exciting you look at the waffle
thing fill up let me tell you something
about this waffle broke you see these
spikes oh it has a built-in defense
mechanism in case anyone tries to first
with the haters bro can I tell you
something yeah I'm extremely suspect
right now there's two reasons one they
got no cups here so I got to drink water
out of a bowl I have new tonight off
right now can you get that broke oh god
he doesn't know this club life the last
time I got these vibes from Roman where
he's like oh just come hang out and
we'll do fun stuff this happened
you think this is really just gonna be a
vlog and he makes it seem so natural
he's like whatever you guys want to do
secretly he has everything planned out
we're on to you Roman okay who we're not
dumb
well that dumb Roman just because we're
behind eyes doesn't mean we can't - X -
yeah because we doesn't mean we can't
decode your pranks on YouTube we're on
to your room of that wood all right I'm
gonna smash this medieval waffle so give
me a second guys I got good news I can't
really smile but I am feeling better I
took like eight pills broke down the
hatch but I am a little nervous you know
why I'm nervous because the first place
we're going to is a gun range so if
we're getting pranked at a gun range
that's a gun to the head son would be
going mad my brother loves dying it's
one of his favorite things buddy that's
why he's so excited
yes I see do you think you're ready
because you're not here's a prank oh
yeah that was really spicy people had to
do that I thought it'd be funny and I
thought I should have went that way cuz
I realized pulling this way like I
didn't even check if there's a car over
it you know no joke this vlog like might
end our lives YouTube vlogger kills x1
star and Disney kid with ak-47 we don't
know why the ex vine stars face was so
swollen autopsy reveals cause of death
savagery now we're ready though now
we're ready we told the Roman we're
running late and then he said i'ma grab
a sandwich real quick I'm gonna grab a
Sam who just grabs the sandwich oh geez
I don't I don't think so Roman we're on
a prank
imma pull on him
I'm gonna take all these subscribers bro
there is yo he brought his family and
everything he's making it seem cool you
know he's making look at him looking at
me he's acting so sketch
yo have you seen know what you what
happened you front him he's you two with
you know he got that Kanye clothes
looking this guy named Roman dude
well hey I didn't you see them wrong mmm
this makes me so nervous bro what
shooting range archery guns training
ammo with Roman Atwood this place you
could be with a gun in me see see with a
gun yes you not so much
there are so many guns here and I feel
like I finally fit in somewhere because
of my guns but how you can't make jokes
and laugh is there a gun you're just
like y'all I don't need that gun maybe
the little pink one admit you love the
pink one oh yeah I'm just checking out
the guns saying what's going on do you
know I can't yeah are we shoot what are
we doing do you know we do okay so you
see these guns these are all semi-auto
which means on this right yeah all you
do is hold the trigger which I've never
shot in my life that's where the
adrenaline in the thrill hole once you
shoot these back here most of all this
becomes a little one
really yeah really yo cuz I've grown up
shooting guns my whole life we're
picking out targets right now yo that's
a bad guy that's the definition of a bad
guy
there is a nine hundred percent chance
that everyone in here voted for Donald
Trump every single person Donald Trump
Donald Trump yeah but yet but gonna be
Donald Trump Donald Trump chach is this
ours this is what we're gonna be
shooting today
Dawson mp5 ump-45 all right bunch of
letters I don't know what it means but
go to let but to let your hello what did
you say cool I'm hoping when I shoot my
cheeks jiggle to chachi boys from ohio
yeah we've shot guns
never and automatically Automatica right
right so this is going to be an
experience to be a realist
we finished shooting in there and yo
dude like this is getting horrible does
it hurt when I fell from heaven you
don't think you have a golf ball bro
this is bad
okay Romans gonna get a surprise figure
that cheek okay
cheeks cheeks I got surprise for you
I'll see you soon I see you soon so cool
we hit like Frank yeah yo he's gonna
watch these vlogs and like hate us
because we we think he's scheming so
Roman we trust you
0% let's talk about trust okay I'm done
talking about it this is what happens
when I poke my cheek why are you making
that noise well you got a problem I got
a problem
anyways Roman instructed us to go get
food is that what you're looking up
right now I'm trying to find food well
we're in the middle of nowhere I know
that's the issue like dude where are we
he said we go get food and then he's
gonna come show us that his surprise
whatever that means a few moments later
here we go
here we go do you want me to show you
how to do it yes please oh you're so
good at it cuz you're Dirk bro haha
that's me now we were waiting for Roman
he called me he's like yo drop a pin I
have a surprise and I'm on the way so
we're just chillin I'm kind of waiting
uploading yesterday's vlog here I'm this
close to the camera it really just
emphasizes the would you believe me if I
told you Roman Atwood bought us a limo
for Christmas Eve look at it it's the
nicest gift I could find you are giving
that doesn't make any sense Roman I
bought the car and you can have it this
is the exact opposite of what I thought
what happened today I thought there was
a surprise I thought you were gonna
punch us in the face with like a bull or
something I've been feeling it you don't
want it you don't like to get bro I I
love this kid
I love it's like oh don't forget this is
a Cadillac dude bro leather see this is
a cab I can't believe this right welcome
back home brother not believe this I'm
speechless
no one's ever bought me something so who
buy someone a limo dude when I pick this
up I didn't realize it was this nice
seriously I didn't realize it was this
nice and when I got there I was like yo
I want this car lightweight should I put
a bow on it and just gift it back to you
no no I want you to keep it this whole
what do we do with this Glock first
thing I had in mind is like let's go get
some Christmas like it might be the move
Christmas lights Roman town sounds like
a plan that's so Christmas tree gonna go
right in the hood it's gotta be
something we can do with these candy
canes absolutely absolutely that come on
there Jay Paul Thatta boy
yo christmas has come early this year in
the form of a
I'm so out here man
roaming that would but my brother and I
Olivia seen for Christmas the oh by the
way who does that and we picked up we
put the Christmas lights on the car who
had a plain car now your car is eat we
make your lame car and now your car's
badness not your limousine is pop easy
we clean waxing oh boy I gotta say I did
not plan on doing this didn't you yeah
no no did you no I mean I know we're
gonna get this car but I didn't know
that it would be like this cuz we made
some he presumably this is the famous
Roman Atwood backyard bread do you like
it you hate it
no apparently the goal of today is to
apparently what's happening is we want
to get the car on two wheels no you want
to get the car on two wheels
I want to flip this vehicle I've always
wanted to like put a vehicle on the top
of itself and we had a little good goal
want to film this with cameras probably
yeah you good no I already mapped it out
angle why is he talking like he knows
what he's talking watch we get the
normal on toriel's those wheels are
designed to the slightest move turns
this yeah great you know I love both of
these dudes except like again I want to
flip the limo going on two wheels is
cool but imagine flipping a limo I'm
looking at as I'm like this like happen
I'm a pro drifter dude like no Gran
Turismo one does it doesn't change so
though I joke about it I actually really
do extremely trust Jake and my man is
gonna get us on two wheels right yeah
are you professional racecar driver you
know no idea what makes me so nervous
and so excited that is exactly
but they said it was impossible and a
three-wheeled it bro I have three wheels
off the ground they said it was
impossible bro they said I couldn't do
it
yo my boy I trusted you that was scary
what but I trust you like as weird as it
is broke like my life is in your hands
I'm cool with it yeah oh my god this is
the move I mean you know what I wanna do
so using his like death machine thing
Roman is dumping dirt next to the limo
and he's building the ramps right now
bro
what have you guys been doing out here
what oh my god why would anyone ever do
this in their life the only and the only
answer on planet Earth is because I'm a
vlogger bro think I think what's
happening is right now is the first day
oh oh oh snap get it jakey yeah
I think it's my time to get flipped in
the limo I've never been upside down in
a car like ever probably a good thing
but I have the opportunity right now so
let's get it done son Vince has a car
right now I'm gonna try to back out but
let me show you something the windows
have caved in and there's dirt all
inside I'm dead okay let's try to drive
this out of here
oh it's front wheel backup reverse
this isn't gonna work so Romans behind
me right now
alright go oh my god
yeah I cannot believe that work I mean
we missing a bumper and the cars
destroyed Roman it works it looks like
Moses parted the Red Sea right there it
is go time I have been waiting all day
I'm gonna sit in the driver's side Jake
the passenger side and Rome and you're
gonna flip this thing yeah for you guys
I do some dumb things in my life but
what I think makes this really dumb is
that I got wisdom teeth surgery
yesterday oh my gosh
yo easy oh gosh Roman you gotta go under
it
Oh
no I didn't put my seatbelt on
I forgot it's impolite to leave your
limousines upside down so he's gonna go
ahead and tip it back over Oh easy yeah
you think it'll start I bet it will bro
what have we learned about this
limousine today it's a champ Oh easy
easy easy
VIP what a day at the Atwood household
hey thank you bro I hope you enjoyed
your Christmas dude what man buys a
little limo
it's especially with my son we should
make this Christmas tradition man except
that except next year bro we're gonna
return the favor
and it's gonna I don't know y'all you
down the roller Lambo let's go yo thank
you guys for watching I love Roman
Atwood I love this man - this was a very
special day for us if you are not a part
of the low gang make sure to subscribe
like the video give it a thumbs up I
will see you guys tomorrow
take it easy peace
if you bitch yo we haven't find a while
push me
