oh god no oh no no no no this makes me
nervous mom Oh No
yo every man's worst nightmare the store
we are currently in see your breath oh
my god awesome fight your boys good yo
you're good yes everyone so wait you
think so yeah so my mom texted me
apparently she came to pick me up I
thought I was gonna have to take a taxi
home such a sweet lady huh love my mom
maverick how was the flight bro you good
you tripping or what okay good talk
you have a bird you have a bird and I
have a bird wait a second this is
amazing what kind of bird is that and I
collect this how are you allowed to walk
around with bird on shoulder I do you
just do what would they do if we put him
like next to each other
yo this is crazy maverick has he'd never
been this close to another birds as they
got a nice swear to God
but weirdest things are happening in
this airport at 6:00 a.m.
stop in maverick he's excited he saw
another bird you know I've never seen
another bird in the airport ever yo my
man's he wanted he wanted to smash
that's what he's saying it's my fault I
don't I don't immerse him in the bird
culture and bird light no we're gonna
find you a mate one day maverick and you
gonna smash he will smash so hard smash
one day I will dedicate my life to
finding a mate for maverick how can a
bird live his whole life without finding
love
maybe that makes me a bad owner yo I
know you're not a bird but will you make
love to mine that's a no-go because
because you guys are married it because
it's a bird or Bowl let's go both volume
so loud no were you raging yeah
were you rating my wisdom tooth hurts
hey my school player jokes home sweet
home oh my god we made Wow did you get
as much pleasure out of that as you
hoped you would yeah no it's great
actually pretty dope yeah we did that
would you think about the star of the
tree do you love so there it is my boy
loves me
yo he went upstairs but it's dark he
flies in the walls when it's dark I
wonder if he made it in his cage
maverick mom you bein in my room yeah I
am very surprised this is amazing and
you put pictures up yo yeah
mom this is awesome this room is
actually cool you know I don't live here
anymore though honestly come back this
this convinced me to drop everything
I've built and accomplished in Hollywood
yeah coming back to Ohio amazing do you
mean to waffles yeah are you gonna do
one no cool cuz I'll even Bowl since I
actually have not gone to sleep since
yesterday like this whole day is kind of
just becoming like one day probably not
the healthiest thing ever but I'm gonna
smash this waffle and then go to bed and
I will see you guys when it is the light
outside so see you in a sec Bob okay
what's up guys my wisdom tooth I'm
vlogging maverick please just one second
my wisdom tooth is killing me guys like
I'm a crazy bird my mom is about to walk
in the house I'm gonna scare that's a
bitch mom I was really hurt bird is
crazy what what that's my nipple no oh
that's a paint gun nice right nipple I
want to suck the milk out of his dick
mom I need you I need a vlog mom to come
back tomorrow during my wisdom teeth
removal that's right once I get out I
just like hand you the camera and just
go it can't be some booster mom it's
gotta be like you gotta be you gotta be
good like what no I mean no you're good
I mean I just like your son is gonna be
on so many drugs he can't even walk test
situation yo shut up I can't yell it in
because it hurts
next down video this sucks this is rough
yo what'd you do this morning GUI being
so loud yo um I think maverick is like
happier in Ohio I feel like I don't know
like he's just so much more vibrant here
is wearing maverick I love you go birdie
maverick Oh mom what did you do I don't
know you would think at your age you
would know how to do the long what is
this in my laundry Oh mom what yo you
rude laundry you know what is this what
is this mom I don't know you have no
idea how is know yo you're done you're
yo your pants I feel so bad i I've never
even had a blunder of this bad doing
laundry wait but what is it then again I
don't do laundry you the what got in
there apparently one of these things
seriously is it paper
I think it's paper I was this I think
it's a magazine I think someone some of
the People magazine that was sitting
here that's what it is is a magazine
right the magazine that your son made
People magazine said it here he said it
there and grab the clothes see I grabbed
the clothing and then stuck yo yo my
favorite part about it is how Jake was
in in People magazine he had an article
written on him and he threw it in the
laundry hey Jake if you're watching
these vlogs mom put you in the laundry
you bitch oh you do okay well mom logic
I scooped it up not knowing what are you
more upset about shredding the article
that your son made or your clothes
honestly my clothes I have two more and
I can buy more I look at my clothes look
at David's clothes yeah yeah really
everything well I I have I have some
other good news I could cheer you up mom
you folded I had to mom it was the only
way I feel like you're gonna have to do
that for like a year for anything any
progress to be made
yeah the washer flatten out you have
some interesting interesting theories
when it comes to washing stuff mom okay
my boy I'm gonna go shopping with my mom
okay you got to stay here hold down the
fort you got it what are you going oh no
you can't come buddy I'm sorry you can't
master here all right we'll see you in a
bit buddy bye yo this is a poor local
this is crazy MA
last time I was here there was no snow I
need to make a snow wall cold Jesus so
how do you live in this state do you
think she's never gonna hear a routine
like mom this place is so festive this
is amazing thank you for taking me here
mom when I was in high school this was
like the spot to hang out with your
friends man we would eat pizza we were
gift frozen yogurt we'd get some girls
numbers no what is it or not you don't
think I smashed know what she's so right
what are we doing right now we're
Christmas shopping you think dad is
gonna wear that beanie no day got my dad
a gift but I didn't get my dad a gift
yet my man's about to get shredded in
the laundry one more time you think Dad
would like like a record like for a
record player what about you MA you a DJ
Khaled Finn
Lyle they don't want you to listen to DJ
Kelly so you're gonna listen to DZ
she has no idea what any of them
congratulations you played yourself not
typically like a gift giver but yo these
might be the move I mean yet daddy isn't
he's an outdoors guy right get him a
pair of camo pants call it a day oh oh
wait he's gonna watch his vlog hmm or
maybe I just leave it in and dead can
you just act surprised that'd be dope
Thanks
this is my concern my I knew I'd come in
and just start Christmas shopping for
myself I want these pay I got to stop
being such a greedy asshole yeah like do
all these pants are dull but Jesus I got
a disease someone stopped me they look
big in the crotch aka perfect for you
boy gotta stop making inappropriate
jokes around my mom this selfie fan it's
a selfie Padma yeah exactly yeah just
like that
yeah just yeah okay yo yo yo this is
technology kids I'm definitely getting
this but but not for you I'm gonna keep
it myself I went into the changing room
son and I put on these joggers yo these
are sexy these are dope huh yo so comfy
all right we're definitely getting these
but for me not for anyone else
Oh yo you're a hero G
I made a mistake MA and getting this
pretzel dog it's gonna look super sexual
but I get her stuff oh I know but just
wisdom tooth is killing me mom was on
the train
where what this tiny little train right
here goodbye dream I should have been on
you that's what she said yeah can we
walk through the center of this and be
romantic and just with your mom yeah I
mean it won't be like that'll be just
like a cool like artsy thing I go put
some nice Christmas music and I
apparently have a starter now so that's
cool
you know standing under these lights
like that just makes me realize I think
I love you you think I think I'm not
sure you've got a get the only reason
it's like not a hundred percent wait how
can I sit is what what it will make the
cut big nope will make the cut that
might make the cut oh god oh no oh no no
no no this makes me nervous mom oh no yo
every man's worst nightmare the store we
are currently in oh my god no there's so
many expensive things here my worst
nightmare bro it's expensive it's
expensive
I can barely buy my own clothes how am I
gonna buy you a piece of jewelry he's
pointing out the most expensive stuff I
mean I love you mom but like 60 grand
love that's a lot of love doc okay
listen guys I'm gonna need your help I
need you to share this video I need this
video to get at least 110 million views
10 million views so I can afford some
jewelry for my mom guys please
I just like I don't know how what the
standard is for picking out jewelry you
look and see something that you think I
would like look at that good how much is
this I think it's three six hundred put
it back put it back nah nothing about
that gold and silver that is actually
dope that's dope haha my man's getting
that slang down Oh gain good that's
cocaine son go that's methamphetamine
how much is this oh my now they have
$13,000 on your wrist like do you feel
better as a person yeah all right well
much better yeah hmm
you'll feel better by buying four
totally win-win everyone wins wins
that's great mom
got distracted they got meatballs over
here well my mom's shopping I'm gonna
get some meatballs don't forget guys 10
million views and I can afford my mom
some jewelry I'm a savage so I'm gonna
get two meatballs with one pic here we
go hey what it what is what so what are
you talking about right here yellow
diamond big pear this one right here
that one right there is how much sixty
three thousand one hundred and seventy
dollars I'll take three put them in the
bag I'd say three like it all three one
for me one for Jake one for dead sorry
ma I'm kind of getting as far away from
them as I can and actually found
something that might help out the
situation a little bit check it out they
got booze they got alcohol this is good
stuff I think about get hammered it'll
take my mind off of what's happening
here okay ma I'm gonna need you to do a
bounce for a second but not coz I'm
gonna get you anything and surprise you
no no don't get excited me and her are
gonna rip some shots we'll talk to you
later she's going to China taking shots
I don't think I can tell the people cuz
my mom's gonna watch this vlog okay guys
don't forget to share this vlog ten
million views and I can get my mom's
jewelry please I'm gonna put the camera
down it's got to be surprised shut up
and take my money go bye thank you both
you all my cheeks is so red I know my
gosh whoo here's the thing it's not that
I don't like like buying gifts for
people I've just never in my life spent
more than like a thousand dollars on a
gift for someone so like breaking out of
that comfort zone for the first time
anyways we are back at home in Ohio yo
it's good to be back baby that is it for
the vlog today guys thank you for
watching watch what look see this shower
here look look that's what a college
graduate looks like my best friend
kindergarten wait a second you graduated
college college graduate must be nice I
have a question for you are you aware
that your dad is performing surgery on
me tomorrow morning because that is the
best operating on my wisdom teeth you
didn't know that dude
yes you up no that's gonna say if your
dad if your dad something up Mac I'm
gonna be pissed bro like our friendship
is in jeopardy
dad dad that is it thank you guys for
watching do not forget to subscribe
you're not a part of yourself I will see
y'all tomorrow it's gonna be a good
video your wisdom teeth oh my god
su big I'm Jake Paul these guys yeah you
guys are on the vlog what's up
I'm kidding by the way I am I got you so
good
someone stop this man oh my gosh
