which aisle which aisle sure I could
make it in hmm oh yeah this is
definitely a good naked aisle
hey yo good morning low gang uh so I
woke up this morning and I got this deep
voice combination of the fact that I'm a
man maybe like a little like sick of my
throat a little bit and also it's the
morning so you just naturally sound like
an ogre like Shrek isn't ogre if you
didn't know what an ogre was you don't
know what Shrek was get off now the
point is this your boys got this deep
voice and the rule of thumb is when you
got a deep voice you automatically
become a country singer
baby baby baby lock them doors and turn
them lights don't really lock the door
and turn the lights down low yes
hopefully goes away a little bit though
another dog thing god they got the more
pimples on my face there's a Bruin sick
yeah you're getting acne so cool
freakin awesome dude a little hot what
am i hot what's the temperature oh wait
a second quick thing before we get the
day started I think I should tell you
guys much testosterone is broom I don't
know what it is but I think it's a
combination of all the the weights that
I'm just pumping bro remember you that
guy who threw something at me the other
day
yeah well I went and read the comments
in the video and everyone's like Logan
would beat your ass Logan's gonna kill
you Logan's the savages are all facts
but seeing the Logan you guys have my
back like that I'm like their right dog
like you better watch your ass next time
I'm not saying I'm gonna go out looking
for a fight but if some conflict arises
today with another man am I roll with it
and I'm not saying I'm gonna get in a
fight I might look a little something
like this no yeah yeah are you gonna do
something gonna do Saul Venegas minimun
hackney oh yeah what's happening today
we're gonna shoot some videos they're
gonna be heat that's all you need to
know let's go get the day started by
putting some makeup on my face oh can
you just talked about how much of a man
you were now you're putting on makeup
yeah I am no I don't know much about
makeup but one thing I do know is that
my skin color is pay my mirror mirror on
the wall who's the fairest of them all
you are my boy
stuff first you just gotta apply it and
then dab it dab it in there baby
come on makeup on feelin like a little
girl and the man this year the man
himself Trek a bang-bang he's a bad man
hitting that dab it says on his shirt
numero uno he sees from friends right
friends
what is one in the French on numero
uh-oh he's shooting the video he's
directing editing yo by the way we had
the worst fist bump the other day do you
remember it on the street
before we get rocking here I'm gonna
take some pills hopefully these will
heal me giving my baby locking doors and
turn them lights on level voice I have
baby down the hatch
okay now actually we lock the door in
today's video is gonna be a the effects
video it's called jumper in real life so
if you guys remember that movie jumper
with a dude like jumps through like
space and time we're gonna be reenacting
that so right now we're going to talk
about what I need to do after I like
come out of the portal to make it look
like I like jump through space do you
have any advice on this motion like you
jump it yeah yeah way to jump in that
was easy done so let's go mama mia here
we go again my my how can I forget you
what do you do your war are you making a
net you are a weird creature maverick yo
my bird is straight making your nest in
my carpet this is what it's like to have
a bird kids that was what are you doing
what do you say I've never even put that
back oh no oh oh what is he what is he
done under he no no you did no oh my god
and he took the lighter with him like
he's gonna light my house on fire yo
you're a bad part
what is your problem Eric what is your
deal right now I'm about to lay down oh
no stop it
no no came down to get some changes of
clothes and I see my bird nesting on the
floor he's gotten that he's a male bird
he's not gonna lay eggs what are you
gonna do in the nest what are you gonna
do with the net what are you gonna do
with this nest that you make maverick
what whoa look at this bro
easy bro getting evicted why he's
literally stuck right now he's not stuck
he's nesting average well he's not
listening I'm gonna save my Birds left
here's the issue look now you're stuck
okay now we're gonna learn from our
mistakes
Wow yo he's a pretty capable bird look
at Wow
Wow I didn't even do anything back to
the crib to go more it's more shit huh
you look so dumb right now with that
little fluff on your forehead maverick
oh yeah yeah I know you look like an
idiot dude you're oh you are a weird
bird man out there you go so this is how
we're getting around today and tracker
you didn't tell me you couldn't write
overboard Zee this one is yours what'd
you say
this one is twist yes what does that
mean in the myth this he goes this way
these pigs in his native language so the
French people watching the video will
understand okay I guess we could say
we're shooting in a bunch of public
stores and restaurants which makes me
nervous because that means I have to ask
for permission to do that been doing
this for a while guys 90% of the time
you get shut down and they do not let
you shoot there problem is you guys know
this I told you I'm in savage mode so I
might not take no for an answer
haha easy check up bang bang you got it
you got it come on you got to be a bad
one you got to be a bad one we're at the
first store I'm gonna ask these guys
hopefully they let us shoot inside
what's up yo I really love a shoot up
quick scene in here how we like to put
scene in here with this camera are you
the one to ask is blur it's right here
and if anyone comes in we'll stop
awesome thank you okay so we got off to
a good start today so basically we want
to shoot against this soda dispenser
machine yeah yeah that's gonna be an
issue this man's just chowing down over
there
go to death
Oh tell me my man you know hoverboards
over there we've put on my backpack she
called security and my man is getting
escorted out oh boy okay there it is
fellas and
we have done and hope
okay let's shoot it he asked him to get
behind the counter they let us do it
track are you work here now I'll take
one stop please one sandwich number nine
thank you actually you know what I'll
take one number one thank you guys thank
you guys for real and thank you for the
cookie on to the next location I'm
riding backwards because I'm a savage
trackers riding forward because he's not
so sad while we were hoverboarding down
the street here I saw something in case
you were wondering if I ever steal your
girl this is how I smash so on another
note it's never windy in Hollywood and
it is so windy right now why that W
stands for walk be easy mother nature be
easy please hey do we take a picture the
other day was it sexy let's take another
one wait I blogged it right you are the
vlog the other day you're becoming
famous by the store we do not have
permission to shoot in so this is the
setup right now hopefully no one sees
the giant 5000 6000 7000 dollar camera
which aisle which aisle sure I can make
it in hmm oh yeah this is definitely a
good naked aisle okay I think we're
going for it here we go I hate this I
hate shooting in public you know what
testosterone manpower we're gonna get
kicked out I don't care let's do this
oh sorry I'm getting dressed I do know
that cuz I'm a savage times in life you
got to be a savage that's what happened
today kids the next thing we have to
shoot is at the house but I just heard
someone ring my doorbell and I've been
waiting for this for awhile if it's what
I think it is oh my gosh what's up man
Logan Paul but you can call me whatever
you want just make sure to LIKE and
subscribe thanks I'm gonna go show the
boys I'm gonna show boys this is
incredible this is not just any poster
more the Declaration of Independence
this is the Declaration of Independence
all of the presidents signed what I'm
holding in my hand by Nicholas Cage he
gave it to you I'm making a national
treasure joke Neil assemble yo yo yo
this is gonna blow your mind no joke
this is a declaration of yo yo this is
amazing oh this golden this is one of my
best friends dwarf mama we made a video
called best friends accordingly and then
this is me as you can see the UH the
penis is packing I remember when you had
this made you're like no you got to make
my dick bigger because dawg no joke they
sent me the first time and it was like
this big ooh that's what the art is what
do you think of this tracker yeah right
he's weird oh my god this is amazing my
boy take this okay what what you don't
like it well why not what yo yo what you
got some ball look a quick question and
no busted
I've seen this artwork before and that
dudes junk he's not that big
asked to make you jumping no this sent
me the first one they're like this is it
and it is like tiny I'm like what is
that no bro you can't do this you know
I'm in the low game no bueno picture
your penis cuz that was I had to it was
it was the second dick pic I've ever
said in my life the first one was to my
mom it won't to shoot this video Yama
free sound here we go
hey hey on the way to the next location
don't take breaks no vacation
George Jake no in the backseat oh my
gosh I love this beat check a bang bang
man he drivin the car we gonna work hard
baby we gonna go not cut cutting myself
off to wait for that
however we are on our way to the next
location so basically I'm gonna throw a
football and i'ma catch a football
I'm gonna play with myself Oh play with
myself right and then I'm gonna
masturbate
yo do you have a booster seat for George
I don't need a booster seat I don't know
it pretty sure oh snap why do I smile
when I said that it's not like that I'm
guilt I'm with myself how many tickets
did you get my man there's five tickets
up there oh my gosh is more one two
three four five six seven tickets Jesus
tracker
yeah the parks are here let's go okay
we're at the the park emphasis on poor
quite possibly the most ratchet Park
I've ever seen in my life but it's all
good cuz I'm a ratchet ass oh my man the
gate is locked I gotta go apparently ask
some ladies for the key to get it no it
is so windy look at this dust okay
probably doesn't look that intense on
here but in real life everyone's
tweaking know what up with this wind
okay I'm gonna go in the office I
noticed it says here a notice of filming
now that's not us but I might use that
to be like yo can you let us in hello
how are you
wait let's get into the baseball time
invite you oh my gosh okay like my
wiener so we're leaving this park
because screw you and we found another
part kind of close by right there I hope
it's good park number two track get this
off of me now okay get this off of me
this piece of machinery $7,000 yes you
know this is a dope park except we got
to get inside here are you fucking
kidding me right now doesn't my block oh
how did this guy get inside because
though how do we get inside no freeze
snapchat how do we how do we get inside
here still can't even get it into what
you know I'm glad I'm not a little kid I
wouldn't be heartbroken like all I want
to do is get in the park throw a frisbee
but I can't mom yo how does this cowboy
looking dude get in well you got it yeah
that's my boy that's my boy on this day
long per parse okay I don't think so I
don't think so nope yo I'm about to
touch this dog in the note and the
screens gonna explode and it's gonna be
dope hey dog let me touch you no so
what's his dog doing I know for a fact
this dog is a scheming I let him go
after we blew up the screen and now he's
scheming I mean watch his dog yeah he's
scary what's the verdict tracker can we
shoot here apparently the issue is since
it's a VFX video we can't have movie
cars in the background we can't have
trees blowing so this is a disasters
worried that this ball is gonna be hard
to track when it's in wait track up
check check check out care track good oh
yeah Chuck I can track yeah is that the
guy that sings that song that goes baby
lock the doors and turn the lights down
low maybe locked in
don't turn hey my mind said it's a bang
like a bang bang bad one we're gonna
shoot this let's go I need to catch it
easy bro I'm an athlete I'll stay
linebacker
I'm not gonna lie that was a disaster
I'm not in a good mood I'm a savage oh
so I'm okay and I got my guy here my guy
all right but Caracas will hit the Debra
hi everybody
come get some food soon all right
brother heck yeah whoo we have a few
more scenes to go we are kind of racing
against the daylight go upstairs and I
think you have a guest waiting for me
inside hello
yeah she's so disgusting it is great
yokai show you something nice it's dope
right anything you want to say about the
just the tip hey question could you be
my thumbnail I need it Jake uses you for
clickbait and all that Jake is my
brother and he uses her for clipping
I'm gonna use you for clickbait no no no
and I got an idea I'm gonna steal you
from G guys like what there's dog Oh
Blanca Blanca oh no wait that's Blanca
oh my god yo this is the best thing ever
these dogs are so cute I could just eat
them up what are you hold it I think I
could just kind of stick it right in
Cheston Mike estas drone is is higher
and on my man juice today's just keep
doing that I think yeah yeah just like
that just helps girl girls blurry say
it's so dope when your camera goes
blurry and then you just don't get the
shot so frickin dope dude we got keys Oh
easy easy easy they you're like those
those are your keys to move into this
welcome to the club Georgie that's my
boy that's my boy okay I'm really mess
it up oh sorry buddy
Oh get you later ready to go soon
Hey are you getting ready acting why
does the Sun set at 4:30 p.m. we do not
have the answer to this question I need
you to go back up to about there low
that you need me in my underwear on the
bed I think I can make this happen we
think so right now we are taping these
condoms together so they're forming like
a line thing but the funny thing about
this is that this like we're not using
the condoms in you see feel like they
they're supposed to already come in the
line right but it's just yeah but did
you want to make a baby what and I'm
gonna cut the camera will do that that
looks amazing
Oh dope God Wow we should come up with
the name for it the safe sex scarf no
the smart no this sex are the condom
scarf
oh just classic original fuck about like
in regular life or like with the condoms
around yeah easy easy easy
hey kids I got my sex are fun or the sex
condom and we have one seem to go home
but first I got one question who's
trying to smile I don't know what this
is why do you tell me those are mine you
found those in my drawer yeah mmm
embarrassing also I want to address what
the fuck is this whole this whole thing
is just so messed up man that's a wrap
good stuff today bad one Savage okay
fine don't say anything forever
marketing off okay that's great you're
so oily Alyssa
you're so oily I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow I'm kind of in a rush
right now on a trip to Oregon Oregon I
gotta go I gotta go dude don't forget to
subscribe tour the low gang if you have
not weekend uh you know what 70,000 low
gang members today yes right maybe
seventy thousand subs in the day someone
stop but you can't fax you can't
tomorrow's vlog is going to be quite
possibly the biggest one we've ever done
on this channel so get really really
excited
tomorrow take it easy peace you bitch
can you show painting dicks on YouTube I
think so I think it's nice
