ah
oh good morning okay yo so I wit y'all
I'm vlogging please maverick just give
me one second to the floor but wake up
this morning and I'm like it's cold man
let his cold probably also does not help
that my apartment is 66 degrees I don't
know who said oh I'm sorry
anyways 66 degrees who put it like that
Logan it might help to put on a shirt
that's a good suggestion thank you for
that suggestion
assuming you watched yesterday's vlog
you'll know that I wanted to do this
thing today by the way I look like a hot
mess and for that I apologize I'd like
to try to hit 50,000 likes on this video
five zero zero zero zero is it worthy of
it just kidding hobby
yo maverick shuttle come on blog simply
for the sheer ease in that do that I
know we can do it Logan baby was back
yeah so what do they say they say smash
that like button smash so smash that
like no demolish that like what I'm not
yelling at you oh just hype I'm just
hype good-looking for life baby that was
weird
you weird little parrot you know you
never gonna get a girl you keep doing
some weird just like that you know that
right yeah
I am gonna go to the gym get a quick
pump and down and down and down and down
yeah it's gonna get Savage
it's whatever new bro does I am meeting
up with a friend here in Atlanta you
guys know this person you love this
person that I think we'll see you later
Mavericks right we are going to the
aquarium today so the aquarium dude I've
never been to an aquarium in my life and
apparently the one here is like the best
of the best they got the only whale
agent aquarium okay so without oh wait
singing before I start today what's less
you have a look at this man
good morning Atlanta oh my gosh I love
this view hey guys remember yesterday
when I hung off this and then there's
almost died that was the thing hey Logan
good morning hi let's get the day
started
ladies and gentlemens - check this out
Jim is nice and empty just how I like to
see it baby
there's only one person in here today
who's gonna get swole and that's that
guy that I zoom take - there's only one
there's only one person today in here
that's gonna get swole and that's that
guy right there what's poppin Real Talk
though I am 900% obsessed with this gym
like this is the view Oh count me in
coach count me in guys so today's leg
day I think it's important that you have
big legs big big nice butt and so it's
working I don't know what I'm saying I'm
gonna go work out
Wow okay good session bangers on bangers
on bangers nice work Logan I'm gonna go
get good I'm gonna go to shower to
cleaned off ready to rock so let's do it
okay basically ready to get the day
started right now I'll get the day
started
sighs yo maverick if you went to the
aquarium bro
you try to drown your bird you don't
know how to swim your dummy silenced
right now I'm waiting on my friend to
arrive the one I told you guys about
earlier and then we're gonna we're gonna
mop out what do you what silenced it's
two echoey in here huh when I talk in
this room I don't know if I like it what
do I do about this does anyone have any
suggestions
I don't know anyways aquarium you're not
coming cuz you're a bird and you can't
swim but me I do bite me I dare you I
dare you I dare you
that's what I thought silenced the one
thing yo shut the fuck up when I'm
vlogging please I did not plan for was
food in my refrigerator it's hello we
meet house key this is an apartment it's
not a hotel we don't have the kind of
services oh hi like I asked for takes it
all the way oh thanks we'll see you
later
I'm sorry you're right we got an
aquarium to go to yeah fax fax I'm
definitely naked man if it's just pissed
she sounds like angry to be here it
might be me I don't like us yeah
like whatever you squawk 20 minutes
later take us to the aquarium my man
here suggested we freestyle you're my
name is Logan
I ain't Hulk Hogan do I have a twin
brother his name is bogging my guys
taking us to the aquarium when I don't
know the answer I say yo but I always
know the answer question in answer form
that's a quince impossible I don't care
don't let this dope especially this girl
oh you know what
I think I might just let her vlog for me
I'm gonna like use her and her energy
all this stuff hey but she wouldn't know
this vlog left so then again I don't
know if I want to do that Real Talk
though this is sick I I don't know where
the aquarium aquarium aquarium this way
the query aquarium that way aquarium
that way this right cool thanks man
oh snap the G has fins this is most
definitely the Aquarian umber one in us
Oh us
that is true even though we haven't
really seen anything yet thanks my man
yeah oh my god hey fishes yeah this is
crazy this is the coolest thing ever
yeowch Heil with this show with these
dolphins yo I'm trying to get humped by
a dolphin come here and hump me but this
dolphin to help me come here help me
dolphin just help me please help me
Amanda kind of looks like you thinking
that could be my experience what do you
what would you name it
yeah
I'm gonna watch out what is it your wife
that's crazy why does that would not
just cut up all the other fishes like
this what is that is that the whale
that's the whale that's the only whaling
in aquarium no that's not an animal
Narwhal is the one I have no idea what
this is I have no idea what this is but
this is amazing
you like that whale is it a narwhal
according to Amanda
oh well that's right my bad oh snap oh
snap there's two whales pump each other
pump each other so what I'm still trying
to get home dude
I haven't forgotten
energy are we allowed to touch this
thing I'll touch it with my hand mainly
give me I'm gonna touch you I'm gonna
touch it wow that's amazing
Wow depose well your what the first
depose this is a BS finding Nemo
they took off his stripes and made him
deep oho Nemo hey buddy are you
subscribed to my youtube channel
no okay go yourself what about you my
boy you subscribe what about this
wannabe unicorn fish oh it's a rhino
fish with the little horn yeah totally
yo shark if you can help me to be sick
dude I'm still on the same mission I
find being asshole I don't care we are
in the jellyfish zone by the ways
they're in know why they're called
jellyfish live questions anyways check
this out these jellyfish are like super
flowy and like white and nice and jelly
eat little guys this is 100% your spirit
animal Amanda that just like super flowy
and beautiful and yellow I'll call him
Squishy and he shall be mine and he
shall be my Squishy how do you know what
this is
we just got educated on the South
American sea nettle let's go home
jellyfish are in vertebrae's which means
they have no spine aka all my enemies
son all the youtubers are trying to
compete against me let's go the sea
horses Wow yo you know male sea horses
can lay eggs
thanks flats
why would you say that cuz I lay eggs is
that what you're saying was that the
joke you make you leave the seahorse
prefers to ambush prey sucking it
through its long snout and swallowing
its whole so I feel like maybe that's
why you think I'm a seahorse because
that's how I kill my enemies oh my god
oh my god come on do any of you penguins
want to hump me this is dope what is he
doing what is this guy doing if I could
be a sea otter I totally would I totally
would you think it'd look like this okay
I say it again not an animal this is
actually pretty cool come here whale how
much force do you think it would take to
break this ten points if you break it
I'm gonna lay down a scenario for you
Amanda Cerny you're sleeping in your bed
you wake up and this is over overlooking
you what do you do
oh you know how bit took some sexy
photos remember when we saw the things
that's the Norway now that I know that
animal does not exist Amanda so we're
leaving right now and they like make you
walk through the gift shop to get to the
exit and let me tell you this is all
just a cruel ploy to get you to buy
something in here but I will not be
suckered into the antics of the we
bought the hats they are great dinner oh
is that the move
yeah we're just never gonna take them
off yo Atlanta's dope dude this is
awesome yo what your what did she just
make it whoa
you're a champion champion
are you trying to on this like why not
let's do it
yo this is sick I love Atlanta straight
up this is amazing
they're all pointing everybody what's up
don't hit the button and you push yeah
like it subscribe
we're gonna hit 50,000 likes this video
it's gonna be dope oh we were up there I
noticed something that I want to show
you Amanda because I think this is
look it the VIP see the windows you
can't see through them oka that's the
smash Romeo tickets a VIP Thanks you
guys are trying to sell me photos I know
your tricks
you put the photo booth by the exit I'm
not gonna buy it I'm not gonna fall fuck
man every time I fall I don't even
remember buying this picture but it's in
my hands now I think it's great
I thought the hats are great too oh this
could be so romantic
ladies first Amanda thank you yeah I'm
trying I'm trying to Mack I'm a girl
romantic music coming in three
so Amanda and I had a pretty chill night
history pretty cool fun that is it for
today's vlog as you are guys could have
guessed once again I want to reiterate
dude Atlanta's freaking Joe so what we
did this video at me before I sign off
yo guys
Obama is like low-key apart of the low
game check it out again you wouldn't
know this don't forget guys that 50,000
likes on this vlog let's go thank you
guys for watching if you are not
subscribed make sure to do that
join the low gang I will see you
tomorrow deck it a sea bass well that
totally works huh
this is a pregnant seahorse no they're
called big belly and seahorses Oh
oh that makes sense
