I've blown of him before I've had no
problem on us yeah
oh my gosh is that the moon and it's
daylight that's dope
yo that's crazy bro why's the moon out
right now it's the daytime that's not so
bro
you're drunk mr. moon go home my
apologies I got distracted
here's what's happening today I'm moving
to Atlanta today right now like like for
one month I'm moving to Atlanta starting
now stuck but all my friends last night
I said goodbye to my friend Ray's ABS
say goodbye to my brother wah wah
a good swig of tequila on accident and
then immediately regretted it and it
just said happy that I'm going to
Atlanta to shoot a movie called
superstition shameless plug but also sad
y'all wait a second or my glasses
crooked bro what's going on oops I'm
sorry I got distracted again Logan you
have a TV yo shut Dolph uh okay let's go
pack for one month of living in Atlanta
and also we're gonna take maverick with
us so I gotta shove him in a cage this
morning there he is wolf this that's a
picture of him what would you say yo so
last time I packed the last time I
packed to go somewhere for this long was
college so like lightweight you have no
idea what I'm doing but walking please
but I do know one thing
grab some giant suitcases and fill it to
the brim
Wow oh my goodness yo this is the
fattest bag I've ever seen in my life
I'm actually gonna wait because I'm
really curious to see how much this bag
weighs by myself I weigh - 11.4 damn I
need to lose some weight bro holding the
bag away 288 minus 211 means my bag
weighs about 77 pounds
yo this bag is so heavy
Wow how does it work out dude how's
there's one more person that I gotta say
goodbye - goodbye mark that's my boy
Jesse before the months up bro you're
gonna have no roommates for the next
month - yeah bro yeah you guys should
come out there bro like this week maybe
this is quite the setup right here I
must say when maverick gets loud by the
way I'm planning on covering him with my
jacket cuz I know everyone's asking like
what's gonna happen when maverick
squawks in the plane and I'm not gonna
lie people freaked out cuz he's loud
Eagle when you cover him with a blanket
or something dark you seemed to shut up
so hopefully that works thank you bro
you got muscles my G muscles hey
maverick it's gonna be your seat so I'm
running a little later than I would like
to right now about 20 minutes late but I
don't always use my brain so I'm gonna
make one more quick pit stop you could
probably guess on
great Oh goodbye guys for the next month
am i doing maverick you chillin that's
the good bird I also just got a text
from one of the producers hey Logan are
you trying to smash smash haha just
kidding she did not say that
how Logan would you be cool with coming
straight to the office from the airport
for a quick fitting I mean I guess I'll
be not do it I got a 77 pound bag
another bag of borrowed a backpack and a
woolly sweater what I mean hey I'll do
it many ways off to the airport oh my
gosh goodbye Los Angeles I'm gonna say
goodbye to Los Angeles the right way
by Roger - streets of Hollywood I'm
gonna miss you
our world sigh if my dreams are only
dreams and it may not be the drawing
that I drew oh I wish I had a better
plan but so it seems that I don't know
what the world wants me to do but this
road is
we're on this road
all righty we made it to the airport
thank you sir I appreciate it brother
take it easy here we go maverick you're
gonna go up here for a little ride okay
let's go - remember I told you guys this
is a pretty big movie he's got a big
bunch so that means that they can afford
to fly the actors first-class
fortunately I'm a net unless I get first
class you hear that Matt have a flying
first class also hubs because I'm in the
priority line meaning I can check my
bags faster so against all odds it looks
like I might make my flight oh yeah 78
pounds this is my parent I've flown
before and and you show up and he's like
it's like having a laptop
oh really
okay okay thank you they're saying I'm
supposed to call about maverick and I
didn't do that boy you know they don't
let me take maverick on the play
there's no problem don't worry maverick
you're gonna be okay
I think how are you a good good
you you guys don't transport birds I've
thrown of him before I've had no problem
- yeah okay but um they're not letting
me take maverick on the on the plane
here my options one I have either you or
Katie come pick him up from the airport
problems they said they don't even have
a spot to hold him which I'm sure I
could find one but I might just have to
like leave him around option number two
I put my coat over him and bring him on
the plane anyways if he squawks they're
gonna know I have a bird but what
happens if they are they gonna like kick
me off the flight or they just like I
don't know what's gonna happen
hmm I suppose what do I do
dammit okay yeah I guess then if you
could come get maverick that'd be great
all right cool I'm gonna find a spot to
put him Pat and then yeah the other
sauce
this really sucks
my flight boards in 10 minutes
and I don't know what to do with little
maverick the parrot this is a problem I
was told this at funny guys
I still have to wonder about just to try
to go through security and honor of you
they even say anything I put a blank
over and it's not going to hopefully
he's quiet and no one's going to know
that I even have a burden on the plane
yeah I want to just try to go through
security think of the fine oh my
goodness I'm going to try to smuggle
maverick under the plane literally
smuggling my bird by bird onto a plane
alright maverick it's time to be quiet
I'm about to go through security I'm
gonna call him I will app parrot see if
that look up like a lap dog but a laptop
I have no idea this is the worst plan of
my whole life
cheating I have my lap bird you know
what my lap it's a bird my parrot we've
called supervisor oh my god
yeah
and there the zippers okay so let me ask
you a question
if you take them off can you hold on
yeah then I can just put this whole
thing to do the x-ray totally that works
it's open so make sure you doesn't fly
out okay
come in man
be a good burry do not fly away
good no no he's good
yep we made it on a cool thank you
brother ever this cat out there so
there's a cat oh yeah my plane is
boarding now let's do this we made it
past security which is incredible as
long as the Maverick does not squawk and
he stays like this I bet I can smuggle
him and sneak him onto the plane oh my
god nothing to see here folks just
holding my sweater okay ladies and
gentlemen what is it the moment of truth
I'm about 200 deploy wish me luck thank
you I'm speaking too soon come on I step
it's Monday I got this big backpack guy
a miraculous chain of events today folks
again I might be speaking too soon but
so far so good
this road is long and I get along with I
move this road
that
the whole one day these clouds were
clear and the brightest of the light
shines right - oh I can't tell if your
bar closed down here but I don't know
to do for this road
No
I'm saying man you're supposed to be in
Los Angeles right now I know I know yo
this bird did not squawk like that once
the whole flight it's like he already
knew he knew he was an illegal alien
being smuggled into a different state
that's why you savage my boy I mean
that's why you part of the low game
though that's my boy flapping his wings
but not flying anywhere come here oh
this is my life for the next month two
bags my bird in a backpack let's go oh
boy oh boy so we just pulled up at what
I believe are the production offices let
me tell you first impression of Atlanta
this place is shady bro it's extremely
shady I'm not used to stuff being this
dark and Islay we've got the Hollywood
delights the action but here in Atlanta
bro just trees and sky is where the
vlogging is gonna get interesting cuz I
don't know what I'm allowed to vlog and
not a lot of logins for whatever skip
bro let you out soon cuz oh okay I
promise this is another problem though I
don't have a cage like I got to the pet
store and buy a cage all I have is this
little crappy thing imma do you right my
boy what do you write haha I'm kicked
off this set so fast so to my
understanding I am here to do a fitting
basically well I probably don't need to
explain this but they're gonna fit me
with clothes I think yo these guys have
the best energy ever no joke what 80
seconds ago maybe 90 90 seconds ago they
have their mirrors bedazzled this is
incredible okay let's get fitted wait
dude AB that's amazing I don't even know
your name it's proving I'm your pastor
designers oh my god yeah everything that
I don't know if I can handle this I'm
gonna handle this you guys all have
energy yay Wow let's keep it e let's do
this
first outfit I got these this morning I
got these skinny jeans okay yeah you're
right because you like our chicken wings
a big thing here yes in this black
people lots of you got a white girl
don't shirt I thumbs up you thumbs up
you hard
no phobia here are being away from a
mobile phone I might have just pretty
tight denim dollars and dreams so you
guys got the dopest clothes
I haven't worn like floppy stuff like
this since I was way back in Ohio and I
got cold yeah I want to take her out of
my motorcycle
one days I smash I let me go he matches
this outfit is it cool if I bring him to
set and just wearing the scenes together
yes yeah the rewrites starting now Matt
how do you feel getting your wings
stretching out you good okay good talk
good to meet you guys
the vibes are real in here I'll see you
on set yeah yo that was dope bro this
set is awesome I hope everyone is that
cool man we was now we were headed to my
apartment they did give me an apartment
RMI big condo I don't know what's the
difference so gonna check in there drop
off my bags and then rush to go get
maverick a cage if I don't make it
before the pet stores closed I'm gonna
have to do it tomorrow in which case
buddy I am so sorry bro you can't win
them all in average he's not a big
cuddler was sort of like we can't like
sleeping the same bet I it I'm not gonna
sleep with my bird what okay here we go
please be a good room please be a good
room please be a good
yo yo this is oh my god yo this is sick
oh man Atlanta I think I love you so for
the next month this is gonna be my home
wham bam thank you ma'am bedroom over
here we got a nice little kitchen oh my
god I'm such an adult we got a couch we
got a TV but most importantly look oh my
goodness gracious
this is dog what do you think buddy
not bad huh yeah I have to go get you a
cage so I will be right back when ten
minutes later the pet store my love and
Savior this evening yeah that bird cages
bird cages awesome thank you bird cages
Burt there's a hole yo real talk
all these cages suck man maverick is
gonna hate me damn it
wait a second maverick maverick is that
you what do you do how'd you get on this
poster ha ha just kidding
this bird's the cha ok gonna rock this
birdcage right here maybe get this
little toy playpen thing and then I pick
out some toys for my boy but first look
at this little guy us subscribe to my
youtube channel youtube.com slash
looking for vlogs let's go baby
I'm straight spoiling my bird right now
in Africa if you're ever watching this
vlog which would probably never happened
but if you are thank me later bro thank
me later okay okay okay I'm not gonna
lie to you I set the camera up and then
walk there and then walk back for the
vlog big waste of time and energy you
know but it looks dope for the vlog you
know maverick give me a second please
I'm vlogging but the last couple hours
getting some food from the store check
this out a decked out my pantry bro
that's right baby
livin large look at all this yo shut the
fuck up for two seconds please I got
food for the fridge like a hummus almond
milk some fruit by the way look at these
bananas these Atlanta bananas are really
long and awkward that's what she said
yeah finally I've been setting up
Mavericks cage look at this his new
heaven his new abode maverick do you
like yourself
that's awesome bro yeah my boy straight
balling out right now yeah you're gonna
be the king of the castle my boy look at
you straight Savage oh what a day man we
illegally smoke with my bird onto a
plane I got my clothes for the movie and
now I am in the beautiful city of
Atlanta bro come on this isn't real life
guys this next month is gonna be an
amazing awesome crazy fun journey and
it's gonna get lit loghain it's gonna
get real lame I could compare the litmus
to the buildings I am surrounded by a
joke okay as always thank you guys for
watching I am signing off for the day
I'm living in Atlanta now baby do not
forget to subscribe if you're not a part
of the low gang I will see you guys
tomorrow take it easy
oh this road
Wow what a dope cast on who this guy is
good-looking guy though hot damn
Tiger Luda bow-wow you who is this guy
yo real talk
that guy Sookie Logan Paul
