ready one two three good morning well
gang what's poppin it is Sunday that
means it is Sunday Funday why not start
it with a touch-up yo so first off ah I
actually have no idea what I was gonna
say or if I even have anything to say I
don't know if I do okay I'm slowly
waking up I'm a bit lethargic this
morning uh but we are going to get
breakfast probably a pancake house
that's a fact is that what you're saying
now yeah that's what I say that's a fact
what about is to fuckathon whoa I say it
again slow is only factor that soon in
fact Oh facto anyways pancakes eggs
breakfast Fresno's in my belly now jeez
bag eggs eggs cheese bacon good um
thought we were doing something cool
okay this is what this is the video you
just try to reference a let's go get
some waffles
we're gonna get some breakfast bomba
what's your name 100 wampa I'm gonna say
something that's gonna blow your mind
the driver's name is Juan you're not
Mexican man coming on to you wow man
look at all these pancakes bro yeah how
do you say pancake this better yes
that's that's very particular no joke
I'm losing my mind bro this menu
wait what did you just do what is this
wampa did you just put a peso down my G
we're in America it's a chill Sunday
Funday and Mia we came across this old
Gamecube this thing fueled my childhood
Wampus like yo I'm gonna GameCube
Mario's like yo I'm gonna GameCube I'm
like yo I'm gonna Gamecube we're gonna
play a Super Smash Bros with a little
twist we're gonna bet and how do I even
describe this so the Doozers are gonna
be in the floor in four maybe need some
help yeah with the English yeah it's
been a long day yo it's like 1:00 p.m.
bro my man's a walking hoverboarding
Mexican disaster the two losers have to
go on their hands and knees all fours
and the winner gets to like sit on top
of them like a king and the two losers
on the bottom have to say and I'll you
just use this as an example of like Aram
Logan's bitch what happens if we choose
the same we're good we're fine we're
fine I'm really are you good Mario
doesn't speak English bueno
what
that's my boy bar d√∂ you suckers that
you will be on the bottom you have seen
the world I'm staying still coming down
this what are you checking text me just
because I won in trying to distract your
mind both of you on your forests on your
force on your hands and knees under the
condition what
after days you have to play the
ping-pong one I'll do it I'm sorry we
can do a ping-pong challenge because
apparently mark is the champion in Wafaa
is also pretty good but your boys good
maybe low gang rappers literally wait
they need some backstory so I beat wampa
who beat Logan so technically marks the
best but I'll never give up kids never
give up so let's go this is where he's
going down let's do it bro get ready to
meet your maker mark donor okay it's a
thing that's cool it's go time here's
what we bet you want to say do I say
so yes so give me a shout on his second
Instagram account more like a ball it's
got like got three single followed 372
thousand followers as well as a Twitter
shadow yeah yeah or but if I win he has
to give me a shout-out on his main
Instagram account which is just wise
ever
put her there Cottonwood that's just
come on Marc what are you doing in my
log bro come on he wouldn't know this
log life I have control of the camera
and I like bringing close to my face I
like to veer off to the left so it
doesn't hit the pimple I like slow liver
voice and when I have the camera yo keep
doing that dude come on
let's turn this
mark can you fit oh they're gonna make
it you just got a good skinny I see it
as well I see the ball weight and now I
don't this is this what I'm talking
about this man this is the man who gets
things done you know mark you're doing
great what's it like over there mark I'm
hoping like a police dog just comes out
and attacks you can you fit back and you
have to climb over it oh you look fly
okay that was cool yes sick parkour all
right let's continue this game
how does it feel we read it we just said
to you think we just played for fun
we played two out of three and I won the
second two games cuz I'm a beast
I saw the fight last night Conor
McGregor he's a humble guy and he took
the chance to apologize and I want to
also take this chance to apologize to
absolutely nobody I'd like to take this
chance to apologize absolutely nobody as
I overlooked the beautiful city of Los
Angeles I cannot help but reflect on the
fact that I'm a priest I beat the
foreigners at GameCube I'd beat the
American kid at ping pong someone's
taught me just kidding he can ha not
sure what the movies tonight I know it
involves food 100% food but yeah dude
sunday is just we vibin dude we've I've
been happy out here bro some time has
passed we were about to go get dinner
and George walks in you want to tell me
what's happening right now
I knew who's happening what'd it look
like this I don't know bro from this
angle your hair is covering your whole
face
who doesn't know this is what friendship
sounds like what I'm not boy
we're at the restaurant rare you're
gonna eat a burger bro would eat tubers
but what about the games and the cuts
broad this yeah what about that excuse
to work out again okay Martin that's a
good way to look at it I'm just here for
the burger
I'm with mark I'm not gonna lie there's
nothing on my plate right now but if a
burger just like here here like a second
oh snap camera moved it down there got a
burger now much woke up saying it was
gonna be a good Sunday it's a Sunday
Funday and now I have a burger in my
hand and I'm about to put it in my mouth
it's so good for someone stop me
stop up again you're done dummy my
friend stop you're my boy actually try
to stop it that's my boy listen to what
I say yeah
oh that looks so good where you going
bro yeah
and alright squad that is it for today's
vlog it's about time yo shut them up
thank you guys for watching I will see
you tomorrow tomorrow we have a very
busy day planned for us finally we were
shooting videos again for the main
YouTube channel Facebook Instagram is
gonna be Christ's there's no we're
getting up right and early and we're
gonna be shooting all day so yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching as always if you are not
subscribed yet yeah what are you waiting
for bro join the low gang take it easy
squad I'll see you tomorrow I already
said it once why not go for three see
you tomorrow peace
