one of those morning snow domes and
morning low gang let's go cheese I'm
just feeling a little hot know I'm
insane it's a problem yeah Logan you are
insane screw you bro
he even is talking to you though hey oh
my god you're a cop okay I don't know
what's happening but look at my eyes
right now this is where I got these
sunglasses on socks is a weird thing
anyways I'm gonna go work out I got this
tank on the other guns yeah try to
inject some energy into my body so let's
go oh yeah hi how are ya we're in the
gym cool transition huh I'm feeling a
little more awake now than usual who do
what the first thing we're gonna do is
hit the elliptical - let's do that
okay cool now we can do the rest of the
workout got you I'm just kidding we're
back on the elliptical here we go for
real
this is where we fight
digital isn't digital digital digital
digital laser
see y'all know me you guys know me I'm
not in mourning like oh no I'm juggling
you wouldn't have this luckily what did
you say
good lord you German so it comes out a
little patchy we'll work on that or work
on it but sometimes in life you got to
go up you got to wake up and you got to
push yourself yourself fake vomit cause
it went so hard anyways uh let's go back
to the apartment ha ha I got my Mexican
I got my breakfast I got my Mexican with
my breakfast know what Wamba yo chill
Wamba style but stop what it's my
breakfast cup wah wah come on man every
time and every time I invite that kid
over he steals my food this is a
recurring problem
oh you saw this yeah this is an egg this
is the breakfast table that I have to
eat now I don't have time to cook you
guys know that that meal that he took
was prepared by a personal chef that I
hired using on my vine money rest in
peace of mind
I don't take lightly to people taking my
food okay even if you are one of my best
friends I don't care
don't touch my boobs little payback he
broke the ball I know I agree I don't
know why I go I know you're always right
a few moments later showers spitting
everywhere dopes ready to go I have a
couple things I need to do today but my
buddy George is here today is about to
come I think so I'm gonna shoot a
flaming arrow at him as well you but you
walk too fast bro I meant to shoot at
George you think you think if I shoot a
flaming arrow at you you can catch it
let's do it come on much of a fool
kindness up in this bitch oh my god bro
yo he caught it
what are you doing this is more
important girl what are you doing here
so the district later oh do we not have
any nope we have a bowl mmm bro I hate
being an adult
my roommate Mark left for New York I
gotta clean the house myself I don't
know about I'm gonna do that ever have a
friend his name is King batch he's about
to be here I will shoot him with flaming
arrow just careful with that lighter
with lig Oh Oh easy easy dog easy easy
easy
mama teach you guys how to get rid of a
guy with a gun watch this two easy steps
scooter there's your scooter that's
still been in my house dad you left you
didn't got you both Oh easy easy easy
well easy okay you don't have the skills
required to do this also see this one
sting the error hasn't even left the bow
you have problem stop stop all right
yeah all right she called me by here's
what's happening right now about to
shoot a video for George's channel can
we just put this down please please
please just say just give it up say
please please already set it twice give
it up the videos for George's Channel
who really cares what I what I really
want to know is why you look like
Bradley Cooper from war dogs look at me
look at me
it's great stop I need a still what I'm
gonna pop
I paused it on that frame and you guys
were identical identical banana is not a
good influence on my life she said do
you want to play dares I I said yes so
we're playing dare so you go first dare
me to do something I need a girl though
oh wait whoa whoa we like you so
good-looking and you have to hold eye
contact for five seconds okay okay okay
yo yo chill he's a private security
literally extension on this thing yeah
so he likes a compliment everyone likes
I'll do it you're so good-looking
five seconds timeout that was the most
Awkward thing in my life what have you
made me do what have you made me do yo
straight up Cal did you know any game
you gave me one of these he goes out of
the corner of his eye just kept looking
that was horrible man I dare you to give
that girl your entire college savings
there's a pile full of kettle chips over
there go tell the kettle chips at the
top of your lungs how much you hate them
Go Go you said quail you know a quail is
a bird no it's like a pigeon right that
guy was so worried for me some guy came
up here it was like yo is that you oh
yeah dude I hate your chips
I hate your quail chips yeah I dare you
to just go in front of his car this car
and just sit on it and like look left
and right like you're waiting I'll do it
there's two girls in the car there
definitely don't know what the hell is
going on look at her face shit I can't
okay 10900 wasn't that bad I should have
gone harder I should have liked hopin
she was like she gave you a dirty look
at first let me start life I think she
wanted to smash yeah yeah definitely
smash yo yo ass this guy he's trying to
smash do it no go hey um are you trying
to smash I'm supposed to say no if not
just we're shooting right now I'm gonna
change into this medical outfit problem
is I'm in public gotta get semi naked
probably can do right there
he's just um you know when it's my time
to shine bro know right now
what with the camera I can't login the
by under they would know this blog like
okay we finished shooting that video
right now I'm in the road pretending to
be a car also I'm the best medic on the
planet I know I may not look it but uh
yeah I save let's go back up to the
apartment we finished shooting that
video oh okay uh here's the thing the
video is going to be good going to be
good to be yo word gun to be Webster's
dictionary submit it right now gun to BG
u n ta be e and first gigs another e
nice yeah it's going to be good but
let's be honest if it ain't a load and
Paul video I'm just kidding I don't have
to shoot some delete sometimes Merc you
bro try me yo something's beeping we got
a beat brewing getting faster getting
faster spin freestyle with the
hoverboard not giving a damn hot damn
with the hoverboard I think it's dying
not sure hey and there be so hot be I'm
a ha and I hoverboard hospitai oh snap
son that was dope bro let's get changed
you know what that was I just I'm not
gonna do a cool transition boom changed
okay so I went downstairs to change my
clothes obviously and I'm like yo
where's maverick and this dude is
scheming so hard right now I walked in
and I'm like where's maverick he's
nowhere to be found I in nowhere and I
even looked under his cage where he's
tearing up the carpet by the way that's
what it's like to have a bird and I'm
like yo where is he he's gone did he fly
away the door was open when I came in
nope look at this guy I'm scanning along
the bottom of this and I come across and
look look at this bird right now look at
this bird right now maverick what are
you doing under here how do you even fit
under here never get out are you why are
you I got a pencil you're doing homework
Erik woody
Lena you can't lay eggs you're a big big
meadow I've never seen this in my life
ever ever he's like a fairly typical
bird look how big this is you guys know
how big maverick is like how does he fit
under this this dude is straight from
holes the movie hole look he's been
digging away he's been digging away for
the past eight months and he just oh my
god what is he doing wrong why I don't
know why I'm so many questions
where's it going oh yo he hates you he
hates you that means you gonna attack
you maverick come kill George come kill
George mavar all you know what dude
I bet he's stuck I bet he doesn't know
how to get back out come kill John oh my
God look at look at this is crazy
what stop yo keep keep her head down
there keep your head down there look I
bet you eat stuff we gotta save a pet
I'm gonna lift up come on come on yeah
just doesn't want to Merritt get out
come on buddy come on buddy come on come
on come on man no I don't think he could
right now one two three get up get up yo
map go no no no Graham get up there you
go good birdie oh that's odd you hate
you yo what foods whoa because I was
scared
oh you are you're I'm not listening to
anything you're saying right now my
opinion of you has changed I don't know
who you think you are okay you're not
from the movie holes you're not and
you're not digging digging with shovels
okay maverick and I'm just not believing
it okay I'm not having it no no I don't
want to see this again ever cam it's
night time let's check it out
Nate I'm a couple hours have passed and
went to a meeting gave birth to a baby
sloth these are all things that happened
and I believe the next thing on the
agenda is something I've really don't
want to do but I don't want to do it at
all man
Alex rossabi invited me over he's my
neighbor to shoot a video for his
YouTube channel with King Bakshi uh ah
is gonna start even just saying it sucks
he wants us to eat this gummy pepper
apparently the gummy pepper is made with
like actual pepper starting with
jalapeno then habanero and then the
hottest pepper in the world the ghost
pepper cool cool it's sick I'm not good
with hot stuff
I'm not except my tail can you just like
can you chill with the puns please let
there so punny literally like alone in
my house talking myself god damn so
while I cannot record the video itself
because it's Alex's video obviously
you're gonna see the aftermath and I
felt like I had to explain this because
my face is gonna be red and I'm just
gonna be in so much pain well I'm gonna
get Alex back right here bro right
flaming arrow you look at a fire no oh
yo my boy George with the can you grab
my bag it is bad it just needs you to
walk over here that's what you get for
making me do this video bro my refund
are you excited I am I said I talk dark
mouth a fire that's what we're eating
yeah looks like death jalapeno habanero
you guys owe it like we do a bet and
then whoever lose no I'll eat it that's
it we're done
oh is this the death arena right here
and those are the three peppers great
okay so this is where I died I don't eat
dairy I'm down to die though I had two
of the rent you guys know you guys I'll
take it to the next level it's sure I'll
give it to one of my friends for
Christmas no I like to you know take
things up a notch so I ate two of the
red part the hottest part and it just
it's because you filmed the video all
right that is it for today's vlog yo
thank you guys for watching a couple
quick things before I sign up bro numero
uno keep watching cuz imma do something
really dumping about I don't know
anywhere from 30 to 40 seconds - by the
time you were watching this vlog Logan
Paul vs. my new show new episode came
out Logan Paul vs. Navy SEALs the link
is in the description here is the
trailer for that what's up guys
yeah bro so go watch that it's crazy
local man and third and finally you guys
know I like to end with the bang so uh
I'm gonna do that quite literally got
this giraffe you had to rafter cool but
nice an Omaha long neck takes about 30
to 40 seconds for swallow food licks it
up this effect they look better when
they're on fire I think let's do that
pretty quick okay back to the outro I
love you guys also dude we are getting
hella thumbs up have let thumbs up so
keeper I hit that button I don't know
why I like I like when you guys hit the
button it's a weird thing about I don't
know maybe we're working I'm seeing a
therapist okay see ya just kidding
that's an improper sign-off here's a
proper one I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow if you aren't subscribed
join the low gang take it easy guys
peace
