yeah I'm just checking you guys out you
all are looking good down there I'm
gonna take my shirt off if that's cool
with you today I have some bad news
whoa yo what is happening right now all
I'm doing in here let me remind you guys
it's 8:30 a.m. right now Wow homeboys
going into music videos on a parking
garage just is this is just beautiful
yeah Hollywood never ceases to amaze me
hi bad news aye bad news some more bad
news and some good news one
I stayed up a little later than I should
have last night got three hours of sleep
my - today is the last day of foursome
man my show for some it's the very last
day for me so it was gonna be kind of
sad on set three yesterday I tried
flipping this five gallon jug doing the
the water bottle flip challenge I had to
do with 74 times and my forearm is
killing me and then finally some good
news - camera I'm just joshing yeah what
I was gonna say was tomorrow's vlog is
gonna be lit because don't forget ya
baby look at this and doing a little
science experiment tomorrow with this
potassium permanganate where I might
destroy my house okay enough chitchat
and it's time to get the day started so
let's go say what's up - maverick so
morning maverick how you doing buddy
what's up well Bob what we're just you
know I walked outside I'm like why is it
dead why is there no one on the street
and it looks like they actually blocked
it off for what I do not know but let's
see if we can find out ain't nothing
like walking to get my gainesville in
the middle of the street dude I love
this I love walking in the middle of the
street it's kind of my thing maybe a run
of some sort of there's Cohen's there oh
snap I'm not gonna order my car to get
the set I'm gonna go over there
oh it's here it's ready to go let's go
Dan's on Gainsborough games on games
look still walking in the middle of the
street this is Hollywood Boulevard right
now what is happening yo and look it
goes like really far down the road - no
question my man what is this poor oh it
is a marathon it's a run yes
doh okay joy I'm ready to go rogue on my
sweats I got my sweat I'm in shape I got
my games well let's go I'm going I'm
going broke yeah oh boy this is getting
tired come man I've been jogging for a
while
yeah here we go over here holy what what
oh my god no you're kidding me right
my man why the first thing in the
morning you know what now gross the
joke's on you your fly is down haha
losers back to the pillow pod let's do
this hey he wasn't kidding me another
pool he left a note - where's the second
morning Logan yep another polo not our
choice fYI it's my last day I've been
here for five minutes and I got scared
by that creepy doll thing and I got a
polo go boy
I guess it's time to get changed but
there's a little smudge on the screen so
don't answer that let's go get some
makeup yeah you're going to get makeup
yay what did you say
please do not touch hmm I won't do it
I heard the cops thought I heard sirens
I don't know okay gather yourself Logan
you can do this hey make up make up on
the face that's cool physical thing
right guys guys are make up right my
favorite part of the day y'all have bad
news guys say is my last day
literally no relax everybody
so if I said it's everyone's last day
everyone's last day on set
everyone's we're all done that was just
my know everyone in the make up room and
have no reaction bro
like it got really up as you said it's
my last day ya know it's everyone's last
day just being beachy Oh Logan didn't do
his research oh that's research in
Spanish okay peeps we got a long day
ahead of us that's why call was a little
later than usual we are shooting into
the night tonight so when I walk on set
I want people know his lid
No am I in the way okay sorry guys is
this your alien I know I kicked it
earlier but I feel like me and the alien
could have really hit it off Oh sup girl
how you livin over here what's she doing
later
man we go hang out your place or mine
but I don't go to spacesuit last day
yeah you're responsible oh my god
yo y-yeah but it's too small today -
they're telling her to give me more
polos like it's not your fault I'm just
saying like they think polos make me do
 yeah no let go up let it fly up
like that they're putting this headband
on because then I cut my hair and
apparently this makes it look like
shorter and this makes it look like what
it looks like right well there's that
we're running through the scenes today
and that's a bit like slow I feel like
everyone's a little bit lazy lethargic
maybe cuz it's the last day but you guys
know me come on I like to spice things
up a bit that said I'm gonna go ahead
and scare some people let's go
I'm a pause the scares really quick
Megan made cupcakes why is she running
away why I'm gonna blogger I just stick
my cool oh wait wait wait somehow you're
so tight I could a man hand yeah I just
please vlog about the cupcakes please
let the cupcakes please he'll why can't
I just let me just let them what you
guys are weirdos man oh my god Megan
make cupcakes look at these cupcakes you
said there was a cupcake that says boo
smash smash just trying to smash
we got them so good so I saw Jen dancing
earlier and I said yo this girl dance is
so white and just not cool we should
make a video a stop light people 2016
video so that's what we're about to do
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it so
enjoy oh you thought I say you're good
dancer
no no you're pretty bad yes see that
this is exactly what I'm talking about
okay stop it
get some help yeah so you should
probably never do that again
probably not even gonna posted this
doesn't end up on the internet I have to
decide I just definitely go definitely
one time to smash one of these cupcakes
which one should I choose this one says
savage and that's cool hmm confirm
rehearsals are delicious different
outfits that we are wearing today this
is the next one that I'm putting on this
see this is my kind of outfit man
straight muscles bro straight months so
I'm gonna go ahead and get rid of this
polo
yeah yeah bro yeah well you see this is
so much better if the only problem is
it's a freaking dress yo he's got a
smaller version of this it's not a dress
to be dope if you do is this XL I'm a
straight L for a low gang and loser for
mainly low gang what's that got it yo
you're my hero I'm curious about you
lunchtime my second favorite part of the
day the first being breakfast and the
third being dinner I'm waiting in line
here and I just started experimenting
with this headband and it makes a nice
little turtleneck here so I think I'm
just gonna rock it dude am i pulling it
off yeah well we got today oh my good at
Caen what is his lobster lobster does
gourmet and some steak oh my goodness
look at this bro look at this
deliciousness bro what I'm about to do
to this food might be illegal but you
already know I'm about to smash my vlog
thanks guys came across a little paint
station here so you guys already know
what I'm gonna do here we go here we go
here we go we're gonna have to blur it
when I when I finish it but because you
guys know what it is but but right now
we're fine okay and blur it sorry guys
but you know what it is we are now
moving to the second location of the day
where I'm gonna get to wear this sexy
blue suit once again yeah what's up lady
and we're gonna finish out the day and
the word on the street is we're gonna be
on set to like 1 a.m. so ha ha ha now
you guys know me yeah I'm not gonna bore
you with all the the changing and the
travel so I just say shake the camera or
get there in a cool way
oh good ok Gucci Gucci we are here at
the second location it is a motel like
we're actually at a motel people are
staying here I'm so sorry if you're
staying here I'm sorry we have to shoot
this today check this out this is the
most ratchet much I've ever seen my left
litter like it just smells like sex and
day oh my god this is so ratchet
I'm not vlogging running through
rehearsal right now and replace tears
there's blood on the walls next in the
way out of the bed is sitting on piles
of wool with ratchet maxima and holes in
the wall blood on the wall oh my god bed
frame is just pieces of wood that's and
then I just uh
from this shampoo I'm gonna take an acid
bath when I get home later this is what
okay here's what's happening right it's
so unnecessary okay I'm gonna go around
okay so let me tell you let me tell you
the dirty I know I read the yelp review
that somebody died someone died right or
got killed or something right no no no
one's running the room how do you know
because dead people died in there the
infamous 239 someone died in this very
room was killed in cold blood
what do you see it can we used bloody
sheets what if a hand just comes out
good
Oh oh god that's terrifying what's the
yelp review it completely utterly
disgusting and shady Motel my brother
was killed in room 213 hmm
what this place needs to be shut down
terrifying
front desk clerk said he was drugged so
how does the autopsy I was not an ass
kind of look like a body still there
minutes later get out of here bro I'm
the vlogger here bo you wouldn't know
this blog life you wouldn't know hashtag
log someone pointed this out someone is
like literally just watching us through
the window I feel so just like invaded
right now we're shooting in this room
right now and this is a resident at the
motel tell me this isn't the creepiest
thing you've ever seen in your life
yeah I'm just checking you guys out you
all are looking good down there I'm
gonna take my shirt off if that's cool
with you
just looking at my shoes got the new
Nikes looking good looking real good I
think I might be falling asleep no I'm
good I'm awake still don't worry about
me I'm fine just the cowboy watch this
shoot a show okay this is Jen's reaction
to the cowboy top top top right here
right here
nice is man shirtless I have no idea why
is this cowboy just shirtless watching
this Motel is no joke previous Motel
ever oh my god it's still there oh my
god yo he's still there what is this guy
doing bro yo this is the creepiest thing
of my life whenever I think this Motel
is like kinda normal actually never mind
it's just it's just stuff okay is the
last scene it's 12:30 in the morning
right now that means we've been on the
set for like 14 or 15 hours we were
about to finish finish strong baby here
we go yeah this is the martini shot can
you give me a second I'm vlogging you
wouldn't know this vlog lag Thanks oh
hey Jen well I am a gunner on the scene
no spoilers my last shot a few moments
later that's a picture wrap on a heart
it's a wrap on the one and only Logan
Paula
it's been a real long life and gotta be
introduced that blog blog life is real
bro okay so that's it
goodbye creepy ass pervert STD Laden
Motel I'm gonna miss you weird noise I'm
back home guys and the time is 1:30 a.m.
right now that's what's up
boy that's that grind boy so what's next
for Logan pause this forest amended so I
actually booked another movie I will
tell you guys more details soon but it's
big it's my biggest project yet to
tomorrow's vlog well the vlog that will
be released Monday the day after this is
going to be lit I'm doing a dope science
experiment y'all are gonna love it and
three dude one of the one of the best
surprises in the world I once again come
home bro just move here why you keep
leaving in the back giving my audience a
weird idea and legs like elections the
memory thank you guys for watching do
not forget to sub skies yo these vlogs
are getting like 20,000 likes per vlog
that's dope if you guys are hitting the
like button hearts love that's awesome
I'll see you guys tomorrow I might have
already said that I'm a little delirious
right now take it easy
