five six seven yo no no way no way yeah
ah both my legs are heavy they're so bad
both my legs on the inside dude hell man
can't skate like they do you know so
America's he's scheming right now I
don't know what he's doing you know what
are you doing hey why were you on the
ground what are you eating
who is that hey die don't you ignore
what what did you just say I'm not gonna
buy my own business I don't know what
you're doing I shouldn't be on the
ground you're a bird what wouldn't
you're in you're a lizard you think
you're a lizard you're a wizard Harry
you're a wizard Harry morning low
gangster yet I'm still sure this I took
a vote and people don't mock spitting
everywhere sorry
people don't seem to mind me without a
shirt on so free to nibble regardless we
came up here and we're doing the intro
hello let's go good did he start
and I'm just going back this way I'm
just a ready to go also one thing to
keep in mind I got you cameras again he
hey what's up baby over here over here
I'm a little jealous of what's happening
right now in my household my friends I
got a little thing that I like to call
the game ball oh it looks so good and
Mark got one to mark that I will mark
why you doing this I actually wanted to
come you said no you had this option it
is true you know why because I spent all
my vine money got a personal chef and
she makes meals for me which I ate this
morning so anyways while my boys are
chai went down we decided to go to the
toy store we're gonna buy some like
little kid toys to shoot some viral
videos with so a better way to get this
and a little transportation man
Instrumentation what anyways yo that was
crazy
okay sorry guys sorry just vlogging my
life away you know how it is with two
cameras that is syrupy imma beat your
Ibiza pain and you're beautiful and I
got two cameras number one and I camera
- yeah alright
three cameras that's crazy where are my
friends mark honey honey
whoa Star Wars right here science oh it
looks so weird girl I look weird my boy
I'm changing the vlog changing the vlog
how do you want to do it this double
camera action dude admit it's dope it's
dope
it might look stupid but I feel cool and
it looks cool it doesn't it look cool
doesn't look cool haha what is this dude
giant yeah oh sorry I'll get it later
giant Yeti machete thing look at this
Johanna I'm gonna grow up your giant
pecs with my Yeti oh my god nice this is
no joke this was caused by Legos
yesterday during a the scare prank on a
man is certain it's all saying if you're
playing with Legos or any like toy in
the stores be careful man life is not a
joke bro I've never seen you get this
excited in like eight years of and what
is attack
with the little skateboard we use with
your fingers you had a pretty calm
reaction but like you weren't your
pretty child when I was a kid this this
was my reaction how'd you get this deal
where they put you on the on the Box get
this man a happy y'all are identical bro
that's amazing oh these turtles these
turtles ring a bell I made a video with
my friend I dwarf mama where you don't
mess with the squad wrong
this has stars makes me happy so we went
through another story out to get some
more stuff I met this nice thing young
lady what did you say when you came out
to me Jake Logan yeah yeah I'm gigolo
good bye good bye good bye guys
Jake Paul I understand my brother I can
see how you can confuse us but Jake
Logan that's not a human being who is
Jake Logan 20 minutes later yo I'm sorry
I gotta interrupt you
Jake Logan why am I the only one who
thinks this is stuff will you get over
yourself Logan Jake and it's oh my god
boom we are back home I am enjoying a
sandwich because today is actually if
you do not know this a national sandwich
day that is a fat mark is cleaning up
back there because he is a mom yeah yeah
probably huh the rest of the day we're
just gonna be up shooting videos eating
sandwiches making snow but of snowmaking
get weird right I got this fake Snopes
here I'm gonna try to make some
fictional the age is a eight plus as you
can see I'm 21 ones that make me 2.4
times as intelligent as an
eight-year-old so let's do it okay so
don't normally do this but I am going to
read the directions joke are you serious
mark I'm blogging mark please
you wanna know this clean he's right I'd
never clean I'm looking at the materials
here not sure if heroin / meth have but
as we get our eight-year-old snowmaking
kid supply I don't know anymore or look
what is this is this cocaine I don't
know
no okay it's literally powder I have no
idea how that happened oh my goodness go
ahead and throw this in the bucket and
then do that a bunch more time added to
the collection yeah does that work now
I'm curious how big we can go this is
the rest of the snow and I'm not gonna
lie to you guys if this works I'm gonna
lose my sight baby sorry oh my goodness
oh my goodness is working kind of
shorter come on come on don't give up on
me don't give up on me don't give up on
me come on don't give up on me no
scalpel no good look yeah yeah look at
all this snow baby look at this
the sack was does he make snow as a dumb
reference I don't know I got my sexy
shirtless man with me and Bo I'll make
sure to surprise to me ally you gotta
get serviced rain without even hesitated
did you see we made the snow did you
have you seen this yet
check it out feast your eyes upon the
snow then feast your eyes upon rays that
take over my block I had my mom do it
she's hashtag blog mom do something good
your mouth you got to put it to your
mouth and say yes this is my first vlog
guys oh it's open only for feet so if I
jump in I really don't know what I'm
doing I'm just gonna creep on everyone
over here we have a minute and let's go
say hi okay we're gonna find more people
this as I can run gurgling anyone we've
been here being someone that might have
been the worst idea ever
I'm so sorry if she'd just ruined the
entire vlog I did you show your nipple
damn it it's like a hundred degrees so
we're gonna try to do this fast can you
you mind recording me though don't point
out yourself this time I Thanks
in other news I don't know how we're
gonna clean this up this is always my
problem I do it without thinking about
the cleaner no they said it smelt
easiest cleanup ever I don't have to do
anything and just melting into the
ground though George knows how to show
the shock of me he does he does this
choke and we did it - Ray Ray lasted
what one point seven seconds seven
seconds think I can get four more than
five before I tap out you guys Chad
doesn't lie I bet you I bet you get
seven right tapped out really I bet I
could get seven you can get seven but
like borderline pass out that's like
don't do it you're gonna pass out girl
especially I never pass out and I also I
was gonna say never tap out but I just
did three four five six no no no way no
way get a water stop with that where you
Toki don't stop Logan we go yo you get
all your past back fight for her you
good
don't have to do this you turn the
camera don't stand don't stand that's
good good yeah
okay yo double grave hunting yeah I'm
fine yo like instant instant you passed
the threshold like yeah yeah my boy
choking me out so that's not boy so come
yo what's up late am i doing the odd
fire part of the video and we're
shooting more tomorrow that's gonna be a
good time but yeah we're gonna light the
the kitchen countertop on fire are you
ready bro why I don't want to do this
bro I don't trust you as I said don't
trust the fire bro you gotta trust the
fire bro you guys last time we did this
you put a towel on it oh good idea to
put it out and then it lights our fire
to work on that let's see the fire alarm
goes off it worked though I don't make
mistakes is it smart
no do I recommend doing this at home no
do I recommend having two cameras
absolutely baby all the time baby you
know water puts out fire which is what
we have here I'm just I'm sorry I'm
looking at the screen and like
everyone's gonna just focus the most you
know it's all good for just reading my
blogs no problem I'll even care bro
hashtag ball games are taking safety
precautions we're wetting this towel
right now what I found is that fire
seems to be put out the best when it's
smother rather than water so we'll put
this wet towel on it smother it and it's
wet dude market what am I on fire good
go baby I can't talk right now
no I'm fine no yeah
don't worry about me who got me made my
options on fire when I'm fine oh yeah
I'm fine I'm fine don't worry we'll talk
to you later man epic Wow
I say we go around - no Jim no that's
great no no let's just do it again he
said absolutely not
I'm a little hot but yet another
successful round with fire Mark Toner I
didn't feel you trust me yet this was a
microphone not doing it again you still
don't trust me no bro we are fine right
you felt good about that no I felt great
about that well seconds later y'all know
me savage level maximum about to hit the
gym but I'm not gonna lie to you guys I
have a confession to make last night
after I hit legs I went home and I ate
too much the following to be exact
protein shake one of my precooked meals
it was a delicious dinner at this point
I should have called it a night that's
already like I'm phool I don't need any
more food in my stomach haha nope didn't
do that when it got Froyo like a lot of
Froyo like $12 with the Froyo yeah I'm
an idiot and then I went to the store I
bought an entire box of Captain Crunch
and finished all of it by myself
literally this was all in one night like
like 5,000 calories in two hour okay so
yeah didn't hear we're gonna work extra
hard today I gotta burn all this all
this fat off my body so let's go
Savage workout as per usual so let's see
what happened today actually you know
what before we do that let us not forget
two cameras hmm yeah
always always so I learned a few things
today one when I'm in a toy store I turn
into a little boy again
- I last exactly seven seconds in a
sleeper hold
and three I'm basically a firebender I
know I know impressive what can I say
anyways going back down to one camera
one camera sorry this camera you gotta
go thank you guys for watching the vlog
seriously Logan you guys mean the world
to me I will see you guys tomorrow do
not forget to hit that subscribe button
if somewhere around here just go ahead
and hit it take these guys low gang for
life peace
but I feel cool and it looks cool
doesn't it oh cool cool cool
