what's up internet my name is Logan Paul
and I'm reporting live from Vine Street
today we are going around asking some of
vines biggest creators how they feel
about their platform being killed off
like a chicken and McDonald's let's go
come on bro I'm vlogging mark please
stop logging you wouldn't know this vlog
life hashtag Wagner is currently 6:30
a.m. here in Maryland and after making
one of the most epic blogs that were
today I got back to Los Angeles with
step numero uno is getting to the
airport boom okay that was easy
so essentially today is a free day
because I'm an American be because I did
not make any plans for when we get back
to Los Angeles so I can do whatever I
want rose yeah the others view is
beautiful the view would be much cooler
but yeah no bueno anyways I'm gonna go
see if the pilots will let me fly the
plane oh ho snap you guys go let me fly
okay I don't know what I was thinking
I am colorblind okay I don't think I'm
allowed to be a pilot anyways right
there are restrictions on they told me I
was not allowed to graze with
colorblindness you see the colors on you
told me so sue saying I can't fun in the
future Oh salty they didn't let me drive
the plane but anyways time to go back to
Los Angeles so what better way to do
that than a cool transition my favorite
way to travel first sure so while I was
on the plane some stuff went down okay
so it's sort of sort of kind of a big
deal yo they're shutting down vine
they're shutting it down bro wait they
can't shut down yes they can and they
are Logan what are you gonna do instead
of before I'll say it again I'm a
blogger now bro come on I'm a vlogger
bro you know this unless you don't know
this then you wouldn't know I'm an actor
I make videos on Facebook and I make
videos ever but
point is this my home vine the place
that gave me everything I have today is
getting shut down and regardless that's
sad and I'm not the only one who was
able to prosper so much off of this
platform all of my friends who live in
this exact building also had the same
path as me so I'm gonna go around today
asking all my friends who started on
vine if they have any final goodbyes any
final thank yous reactions basically to
the news of vine shutting down yeah my
kid said I shed a tear or two okay but
first I am back home I am in Hollywood
so let's go say what's up to my birth
dzeko
I just ran from my hey buddy what oh you
heard I know it said it's very sad I
know you can't win them all buddy I know
I agree so today I become a reporter and
every good reporter needs food in their
stomach this is a fact of life I just
got back to Los Angeles I have an empty
stomach
what better food to put in my stomach
than to do I need to say
games Oh once I scared this lady but the
point is I got my gains both devour that
everyone knows that a good reporter
needs a sexy outfit outfit that will
make people say whoa you know that's a
sexy outfit and I think I have the
perfect one you stay there okay come
back camera I told you just stay there
okay my name is Logan Paul and I am
reporting live from Vine Street today we
are going around asking some of in√©s
biggest creators how they feel about
their platform being killed off like a
chicken and McDonald's let's do it I'm
here with Curtis Lepore with Amanda
Cerny I'm with anwar jibawi I'm with the
king of vine himself Andrew bachelor
Britney for a lot of tennis stocking how
many flowers yeah actually that's it no
how do you feel about vine being shut
down
it's a set store all right I feel empty
and lost to be honest as to do as do i I
think as do most of us I'm no more I am
no more I wouldn't know I'm gonna go out
for like a year now what can you
possibly do now that the application is
done
with your life places yeah my life is
completely over I'm on the streets this
week
now that divine doors closing many doors
have opened watch this okay it's been
like watching an old grandmother die for
like the last year and a half I guess I
have no choice of at either myself or
two degrees so I understand you live on
Vine Street you're gonna have to move
now right oh yeah without a doubt
bye three days behind is dead I'm gonna
move probably into home soon since I'm
doing so well in all my other social I
wanted to show my nipples can I for one
last time so yeah but for sure are you
gonna blur him out you gonna blur out
through a blur out the nipples fast
nibbles just that one just that one Wow
this is not it's like it's been gone for
a while I think we're having a funeral
eyes I'm gonna say they've been dead for
a very long time I'm saying we all knew
was coming
you know we all knew that vine was gonna
die that will mean to cut well listen
Britt I want to thank you from your time
here is so short
don't ask me like oh yeah like what's
your lattice size 34 are you glad and
natural a bit of a more serious note
amanda was the first person i stayed
with when I came to LA let's tell the
story yes I was a young miner and I want
I just wanted to come to LA and see the
big Hollywood lights if you want to come
to Ali
I got the next room I was like yo man
you're Cerny and I got one employee
funny funny yeah I have acne remember I
gave you an apron and a broom and first
base and again this is what you get my
rent my cleaner house so sick so sick he
stayed in my guest room and then stayed
for two weeks or one week one week and
then we shot videos I had a lot of sex
now don't worry though I'm just calling
the comments before they say I know
right
if you guys definitely hooked up Amanda
and I are strictly big word platonic I'm
saying it's been like a solid three
years thanks to this app called vine Hey
it's like a bittersweet thing because
vine was like all of us collaborated all
the time and we did like cool videos
together we all helped each other out so
it's like a cool app to where everybody
worked together to help each other grow
and then it made us all friends thank
you for taking the time in my house
today
of course hi mom does your mom watch my
blogs yeah that's dope yeah
hey mrs. sturdy that's mrs. Wray cheery
married
say that it's important to stay humble
and remember where you came from and I
can't pretend that vine didn't literally
kickstart my life like literally my
entire life this the reason I'm holding
this camera the reason that I knew all
you guys know who I am is because of
vine for that reason I am I am so
thankful I'm grateful I'm fortunate and
I and I make sure to take the time and
realize that because it's important to
remember where you came from
it really is cuz no one likes the
frickin cha can't say I didn't see it
coming but it's it's a bittersweet thing
so yeah man vine I love you seriously
like you changed my life for the better
and in the most amazing way and for that
I am thankful I am grateful I'm
appreciative I've had a number of
interviews today with some big
publications and the big question is
like so what are you gonna do now that
vine is dead like okay guys I haven't
made a vine in like eight months and
before that it was like another four
months I'm chilling I'm on a good path
right now well I'm vlogging a walk but
I'm acting I'm producing I'm directing
writing of all these big projects under
my belt the thinning Logan Paul vs. my
movie airplane mode coming next year am
i plugging my project I don't know if
maybe the point is this I'll be fine I
am excited for the road ahead now I'm
gonna go get swole that's a yeah young
people's term for a workout and in the
vlog a little short today cuz a lot of
effort was put into yesterday's vlog
which if you've not seen it was probably
the most epic thing that I've made on
this channel
go watch that freaking dub low gangsters
I love you I will see you guys tomorrow
today was a very interesting day for all
of us here at Vine Street
