one of the eyes my friend told me that
yes was this one fuck me bro I want to
show you something show me what but this
is Holly this is my home everything the
light touches is our kingdom one day all
this could be yours
really absolutely not okay here's what's
happening today my mother I think is
coming today I think my mother my madres
y'all wah wah wah but don't jump
seriously I'm sorry I don't know what
you think of her I don't know you can't
do that yeah flying a lot lately you've
been what like so come on bro you just
take a deep breath for me please and
just calm down good all right cool
I want to show you something else
maverick hello hello maverick won't be
come on no one baby
yeah why not he loves you bro he's not
gonna attack you you know he's saying he
hates you bro just be careful I can
understand him huh
I can I can read subtitles that's what
I'm saying no you gotta chill me that is
that's not what what no that's not an
excuse man I love you but he's my friend
okay well
stop being so so so Wampus actually
never been to Los Angeles you just keep
trying that I'm going to show him a true
American meal you guys already know this
why is waffle using the same expose in
three months oh yeah so waffle forgot
his bad I did not forget my bad
let it air like he's been wearing this
outfit for the past three days not he's
not normally a hobo it's just the past
few days little bit of give me check
look at this dog oh Jesus buenas noches
what does that mean yes yeah
no I meant to say buenos noches which
means good night because I'm look at
this bowl look at these bowls i if we
can put subtitles maybe I could
understand oh yeah I read the subtitles
so now I know I'm not gonna what what
what did you just say it was this is a
joke OPI better be a joke bro games
balls are life we're going to the
Halloween store right now we're trying
to shoot a video and I don't know what
to do you guys sometimes when I don't
have ideas I'll go to the store look at
the props and everything and get some
inspiration it works it does work it
always works by the grace of God we'll
find an idea why aren't you eating here
in Gainesville yet I don't like
stationery you don't want to be eating
it in manuever exactly I understand I
understand no offense no offense none
taken bro you're wampa what this man can
feed you could be your father
Hollywood Boulevard here's the Hollywood
toys and costume store this place is
absolutely incredible dude they have
everything here this store is huge so
what you think amazing
I miss amazing I could never go wrong
with the game's fault real-life emojis
what could we do with these the options
are endless hey one thought is that you
won babe wait go he's gone but there's
these camo suits we're thinking maybe we
put on the camo suit somehow we think
we're like invisible like I was better
in my head I don't know you know was
maverick he's dead
yo how did you throw that I just landed
perfectly tight when nothing is scarier
than a row of dead plastic ducks man
those are the worst
this is my favorite part of the store
because all these masks are so expensive
and amazing tell me this isn't those
terrifying thing you've ever seen this
is cool so clowns are obviously relevant
right now maybe we do something with
clowns I think it's the move bro the
clown section this these clowns are
terrifying this one with the fat neck
what the heck oh that's right this is
what the fat neck what the heck oh my
gosh
the longer I stare at these clowns oh
the creeper get this clown here if I saw
this clown in real life this is what
would happen been in here for a little
bit of time and I'm stumped man hook
though I think it's cause it's the
morning you know I'm just not a morning
person myself
just some porn I'm not giving up just
yet but yeah as of now we got nothing
when you can't think of ideas the only
you
Oh
Oh fun so fast camera nearly snapped
into can you can you please just tell me
what happens comes over she goes I have
fleas okay that's not okay that's a
thing in itself but in order to scratch
her arms she goes and takes the cap off
my water bottle that I'm drinking starts
scratching herself and tells me yes
please
sick high five don't touch me don't
touch me with those fleas oh yeah oh
please we need to get her a flea collar
like the dog's head around her neck
stuff is going on in kelowna of Kona yes
you need to watch out because her Hey
get up get up don't sit on my love sacks
get up yo she's got fleas bro
I've got a shoot a vid bro keep distance
wampa that's a little too close for my
comfort
let's shoot a video guys tryna find out
how to end this video I'm debating
whether I should give Lele pons this
power or drop it like football dog you
could use this to cut off the bumps on
your arm all the fleas just this is my
legal disclaimer I'm not responsible for
any injuries that happen can you just
verbally agree verbally say yes over
there also if you could just not sit in
my she's on your pillow oh yes pretty
good thank you
exactly yeah all right all right
we went out good enough here we go here
we go what am i a mechanic wait
yeah next a magnet I don't know about
this hike give it a test no no no no you
cannot because the blade is exposed you
maybe we should show her first well you
got to pick it up you have to hold it
with two hands okay this is two-headed
things two hands one hand one hand here
yeah this is my mom
welcome to I've come to today's vlog
this is my mom so so if you guys can
fight over me oh hi MA my mama she
brought me a shirt check this out
slay why MA oh yeah George is here hey
if we get in this I'm getting this
confession summer boy what's up guys my
two foreign friends yeah I was Boston it
was amazing why you say like that huh
whoa whoa Georgie
oh my god Oh what is happening what is
this guy Georgia just standing next to
me - hey get off of my mom Shirley's man
get off of my mom you hunted stop mom
get away no no no no guys come on mom
mom no mark mark no guys no I hate you
guys you know my friends except you want
you know the cuy found the Rome jar bro
this is the weirdest thing ever we live
a weird life guys bro where the F have
you been bro I'm vlogging now I know I'm
a frog - joined joined the low gang bro
well gang let's go these guys French
Mexicano would not be able to
communicate me friends if they both
didn't know English we got our sushi
from a convenience store it's not so bad
it's yeah just two guys I'm not going to
a fancy sushi place give me like the
most basic something that's not from I'm
not rich like you guys okay I'm not like
I'm not an Internet star this is I don't
have this kind of money jeepers Mentos a
healthier Wow man I just don't know what
I'm doing with my life
apparently what I can't hear with your
hand of your mouth I love trending now
training training
at American susheela without American
soup see the world I don't care that
it's sushi from a convenience store bro
I'll shove this camera in your face
while you eat gonna tell me exactly how
it is it's good right ten bucks
I just got no time ain't nobody got time
for this okay what to do what it is what
it isn't yo my white guy what I'm gonna
go get swole right now I took some free
workouts oh no way one of my favorite
things to do that I have not been able
to do in a while is work out as the Sun
is setting and as you can see the Sun is
slowly going down so I think we gonna
catch a swole sunset tonight yes sir I
just made that up a soul sunset boy
today cool
I just ran from there today before I
lift I get like a solid 15 minutes
stretching and I'm stretching right now
and it is so hot here literally it's
probably a hundred degrees in this room
so it is so hot in here it is like
unhealthily hot like something's
definitely wrong with face if I get
heatstroke just know I died a savage
hashtag low game for life
you know this is crazy
I like it bro get you sweaty him yeah
lose all that water wait this is where
we fight all right I'm not gonna lie to
you children right now the soul is real
son it was a good with the echo in here
it was a good solid day of just working
alone a good solid day when pecs body
hit some ass then head up to the
apartment complex
Oh would they call that a Chabot boy
boom as per usual the savage session was
real mark and looking at the sink here
well everybody what you got oh yeah you
ho mah boy I gotta tell you ain't
nothing better than coming home to a
sink for the carbs after good a workout
that's just that it's great I don't know
where my mom is
that's one I don't know where me or mono
is that's to my Mexican and I do
weightless you know the fact that
they're both gone
oh my god yo my boy better not smash
smash anyways was a good day thank you
guys for watching as usual low Gang Gang
Gangster Squad you my little gangsters
take it easy I'll see you Tom Steve
peace peace
nothing is scarier than a row of dead
plastic ducks man those are the worst
that's true Kasich gets a tear oh no
zombie goose
