Oh what is that blow gang I'm uh I'm I'm
I took um 6:30 a.m. right now and uh I'm
tired bro
yesterday I took enough melatonin to
kill a baby horse that was seven hours
ago so I'm dying oh boy all you
stretching is touching little parrot
yeah very important when you're flexible
you're sexy but a long muscle is a
strong muscle I need you just calm down
I for this boom I'm driving to set today
they know what you're thinking Logan but
you never drive brown now this is true
but a mama chicken does not always
butter her own biscuits think about it
the reason I'm driving is because I want
to order a car this morning and it was
$85 what no just got the set running
about 15 minutes late let me tell you
guys I'm stroking it right now man I'm
tight I'm vlogging ah oh there's a guy
from NSYNC hear that like that pop band
back when I was he's acting in the show
he's acting in this episode Joey Fatone
oh this guy I've seen this time know
this guy yeah yeah I wonder if I can
stick my vlog camera in his face or his
crotch
either way who's gonna be stuck that's
the instant guy right there
look at him look at all and sinky on
that ladder who's looking right at me
having lines from his own song you just
said it's gonna be me
now I know what it's like when I stick
my vlog camera people
he's leaving cuz he knows I'm here baby
the real star showed up what we want
internationally famous pop star or
internet celebrity like his fingerlings
so hard have you seen my Instagram page
no back to this room and we go look at
this thing I think I'm actually gonna be
wearing this later today that'll be cool
first scene of the day just acting this
is uh this is definitely a thing okay it
hurts me to say that I've seen my body
more bloodier than this like this has
happened before in real life yeah
oh my gosh oh my gosh hey guys this is
gonna be made for my first time meeting
what we do acting Brad I'm gonna stop
here act okay I'm free acting Cameron
please tell them you okay he's okay guys
sometimes when I'm acting I try to like
surprise myself and do stuff this like
really instinctual it helps keep the
scene like fresh and new and that's
what's like fun to me like discovering
new things and so on that's at what
point am I gonna be able to clean the
blood off
oh yeah I'm fine yo who keeps putting
this thing in here broke um what is this
thing bro
why who keeps putting this here I'm
gonna go pee she's gonna be watching me
I'm leaving now I'm just gonna go for
the door
lunchtime like I said though I'm like I
could slowly just feel myself crashing
I'm just kidding but I'm exhausted
nothing makes you lunch tastes better
than just a fresh hand of blood you know
I just listen I'm not gonna do that
sometimes in life you just gotta push
past it you know uh I just need anyone
seen that will just hit me across the
face and wake up wake up wake up oh yeah
leaks on
how I'm falling asleep again do you ever
feel like a plastic bag drifting through
the wind yeah that's the can okay so the
word on the street is that the two
riders those two girls have fallen
asleep on set let me tell you something
bad idea I'm sleepy and I can't sleep
neither can you
they look dumb the dummies doing no no
oh god that means you somewhere else
find it
yo where's the dummy it moves around
damn it oh wait wet by itself that's a
whole nother issue yuck this works it's
gonna be one of the best pranks all
season I guarantee it and we're
definitely getting fired
dude no joke this thing this creepy doll
thing like it chases me bro
it watches me pee I'm in the bathroom
yeah damn it damn it it's not here well
I saw in the bathroom this bathroom are
you so I bet it's in stage two I'm so
freakin I'm sleeping all day the costume
girls now finally I'm gonna use this
creepy doll to my advantage even bro I
don't like knowing that this thing is
just out there someone we're gonna scare
Selina and Marissa it's gonna be the
best prank of
we found oh my god this is so creepy
I'm gonna hold the dummy over her face
straight up to their face to face okay
and then I'll set the camera and we have
a three to one and then we both scream
yeah so that'll wake her up
then once she wakes up she'll see this
guy head she leaves you woke yourself up
woke you up but how did you know you
weren't sleeping was dreaming I'm so sad
yeah we got to get Redemption we got to
scare someone else
we'll just go ahead and leave this in I
feel like a little boy just lost the
Pinewood Derby what husband like not
being able to scare like everyone loves
a good good girl I'm just out here
acting world
you're not gonna panic you're gonna get
ants lit let's do this
Logan put the camera right in front of
the safe I had to okay when I get this
popcorn we just found it just cut that
out don't include that yeah they're
super embarrassing we've been shooting
I've been shirtless to the whole time
and they're longer I stand sad - colder
gets in the colder it gets the harder my
nipple you see that this is not a drill
this one's not as bad so we chose yeah
by the way if you're a dude and you're
watching this vlog so sorry man don't
know what to tell you I'm not a rapper
I've missed you hi baby how you doing
you get out of here cone how you doing
babe how was your day baby mm-hmm
good good - mom's good - was will tired
that's all let's go home girl hello is
anyone home okay ain't no better feeling
than coming home to an empty house am i
right am i right am i right
I'm exhausted I'm not gonna lie but here
we go
I am flying to Boston to go to the
Forbes 30 under 30 summit where I will
see one of my best friends in the entire
universe we are presenting on the
Harvard Business stage as that Harvard
Harvard the college and we're presenting
after this guy whose name is Michael
Valley yeah Michael Bell he is uh an
Olympian yau you guys know who Michael
Phelps is and lastly I dropped a trailer
for my new show Logan Paul versus on my
main channel my name is Logan Paul and I
am here
the best luchador in the world I will be
your coach today I want to uh survive
the wilderness thank you guys for
watching I'm going to sign up a little
bit early for the night gotta sleep on
the plane I'm exhausted don't forget to
subscribe give that like button a big ol
thumbs up thank you guys for watching
until the end of the video I love you
and I will see you tomorrow
peace oh my god I'm a disaster
I'm a walking disaster oh this is your
first time seeing yourself Wow
I still look young though
