look at that guy snap good morning
everybody the local time is 10 a.m. that
is right I got sleep last night
I got like seven hours I am stoked right
now also a funny little thing happy here
Mavericks walking downstairs
give me a sec buddy I'm coming funny
little thing happened last night I made
a taco check it out is that cool I just
left my bean bag and I never made a taco
or a giant butt crack I'm not sure which
one coolest thing I've done today so far
let's go get the day started
okay cool you got some guts barks Wow
after I shower during the day that guy
from home alone after he gets
electrocuted
like any normal 21 year old boy done I
went to the fridge this morning she was
popping what do I see
yeah what is this mark what are you
doing problem dude what what is this
brown banana syrup half blueberry bag
mix thing mark what is what could this
possibly be what are you doing with this
concoction what kind of bananas you eat
we're okay you know everyone has
different opinions and stuff everyone is
entitled to their own opinion and their
own crusty ass rotten bananas my opinion
for breakfast did ya know you man I do
it my energy is hot right now I can feel
it I'm vibing body language energy
that's what you get really that's
amazing bro it's all about good eh eat
my games bowling drive to this podcast
that i'm doing i'm uploading yesterday's
vlog let me tell you about the grind
don't fall hey you okay camera no you'd
be taking those heart Falls you're a
tough one good boy yeah everybody
painless looking beautiful as always
that's my second time on your blog I
know paid no I don't know how to tell
you this but you're gonna be famous
wait this vlog will make you look at
times everyone hate on the hoverboard
man 2016 I tried the next day sober I
don't believe it work yeah one so fast
my camera nearly snapped in two
ah let's kill the freckle every time I
go into makeup they remove my notes
freckle I actually have a line of
freckles like this one down the center
of my body
one under my belly button is one on the
underside of my penis
no.8
wgh born inside the studio Payton you
know how I know that says it right there
ah
this amaze hold on hold up yo I'm a big
boy what that red one right there you go
that little red one over there am I
gonna fit in these this is so small
these are all so small you both fit in
those great by the way Alexis what's up
you're on the vlog cause are already
bonding this is gonna be a rough he's a
dope set though so max I guess we'll see
in a bit
we just podcast it so what to baby
what's up you really hit me hard right
in the face but whoa it's Rocky bro
thank you thank you go Michael I your
nips are a little hard and I thought
goodbye first podcast ever you killed it
thank you it was so cool you're gonna be
my my Hollywood little sister I think I
just decided you could totally do it
so that's call you bro or do I have to
say like you'd be like yo what's up brah
Peyton and I are gonna be in New York
this weekend doing promo for for the
thinning comic-con baby no I've never
been
oh we have to it's Comic Con if you guys
are in New York come to Comic Con this
Saturday we are and I'm gonna post it
everywhere I want to pack the stage baby
whoa oh my god you guys this should see
it come out baby
unfortunately hoverboards don't go
downstairs so that's what's happening
now but thank God it's only five stairs
once again I have a quick scene today
where I believe I'm getting thinked in
the face again like splattered ink in
the face good news is it's a quick scene
so I'm gonna get in I'm gonna get out go
home who knows I finally have like a
night free I feel like maybe I'm gonna
lift maybe I'll watch a movie there's so
many options ran a freaking ah my god my
god what's up my god what do you think
of my energy yeah my peace on me I was
pop once everyone do it
I'm roaming this Russia oh wow
touch my knuckles the signified bonding
you too man come on Benny I'll still
also make an explosion when we Tasha be
sick
they hate me on my hoverboard they hate
me in general but more when I'm on my
toe back in my pod check out the good
old pod and it's one of the first things
I see another polo why I
hate polos why this is character dressed
like a freaking truck look at all these
flags yep yep yep here on the set of
course and we accept everyone from any
race any culture we will accept you
right here right in our hearts and our
just white polos nobody likes you so I
would argue but you're so right I'm off
my hoverboard and I got my swagger on
you happy this is so what the heck no
bueno
why would put this in here bro how would
someone put this in here let me replay
what I just happened I walk out open the
door I go oh snap where the makeup
artist that's not you not makeup artists
problem no I invented this new thing
today it's a sound you go you guys like
it yeah no this is also the second time
I've got makeup today second yeah yeah
you came from a podcast oh wow yes
whatever I was promoting my movie this
morning coming out to YouTube red
Octobers well yeah but I'm not I'm not
advertising a promo and I'm just letting
you know if you want to watch it you
know a YouTube red October 12 oh yeah in
this show we shoot on a stage you know
sometimes like yesterday we went to an
ice cream parlor we went to a house
normally we shoot on what is a stage
they'd built the school here and
one they built my room my characters
room the polos may suck up the room his
savage well let's see what we got here
you guys are going on this tour with me
Oh socks hell yeah America yes please I
don't know where the red is in red white
and blue blood you know it's like it's
cool got a hashtag you already know what
this hashtag vlog dude we had a little
duck that's cool trophies
cuz all I do is we look at this gun
video games you know it one way and that
way is up in my personal favorite savage
Sun yeah I vibe with this room vibe
heavy
what are you know like as a human being
what are you this is one of the writers
of the show why in real life or in the
show oh so you wrote yourselves in so
you get screen time yeah oh dude this is
the weirdest set of my life I'm a real
with you guys I love it you want to
really do post snap yo is there naked
guy on screen get outta my way I want to
see naked guy or snap I respect a man
with good physique help what who is
moving this guy does creepy guy why who
put him here and why no can't do it
sorry Dan no what is this a TV set come
on that's amazing acting what's up man
is Logan part I do Bosh never mind
okay so you guys remember a couple of
vlogs ago when I when I touch some props
that said to us specifically do not
touch these props props no touch I swear
to God if you touch this bra what did
you say to me earlier oh I was gonna pay
you back for touching my props
how do you feel I feel like I just got
inked in the face bro Wow
come on I'm a hot inky mess I'll go get
changed and then get swole with my Boy
George jingle we out here we out here
I'm vlogging we out here 15 minutes on
the elliptical and that's too hard in
the joints which is why I like it yeah
yeah I'm an old man now these creaky and
join games get a boy well this thing oh
that oh that's oh wow that's nothing bro
I call this the real trigger comic wow
that's impressive that's my boy right
yeah that's my boy yes whoa
all right ladies and gentlemen that's a
wrap on today it is a Christmas miracle
that they did not get kicked out of the
gym it's a Christmas miracle
not even October it's a Halloween
miracle wonder what what do you want
from me bro and you don't even have your
months right will you give my vlog how
could you get your life together all
right you want to know this vlog life
hashtag vlog do that is it for today's
vlog thank you guys for watching as per
usual give the video a big thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe I will see you
tomorrow yeah
