I got these pancakes bro actually wake
up in the morning and I eat my cake
morning yeah slinkys and giant
staircases oh my god oh oh my god this
is amazing this is amazing
oh right now we're at the wheel of
destiny we're gonna choose our destinies
via a board with a spinning needle she's
my destiny bro
do you spin it or do I spin it I've been
wheel of destiny we'll have definitely
give me that good good nine is tattoo
okay maybe not so much
staring contest I'll do it do you
understand that this is the first to
blink staring contest okay ready No one
two
see
rescue me from the death I need you guys
to take a gander at how dirty our RV is
right now if you come to burning me dude
we're screwed bro learn from our mistake
the books my boy
all right boys for those offices books
now when I softened dr. Seuss we're good
now what does happen I'm fine dawn fine
David much my hips are already really
tight absolutely to the future what am i
doing fairly is for you and in the
future be careful with that tangling
thing be careful be careful I don't know
where it's been
oh my gosh right now I'm meeting Jesus
it is 7:00 in the morning oh my god I
thought we just caught the sunrise sorry
that was quite the night I must say who
gonna go catch the eye the sunrise yeah
let's go this is got to be one of the
coolest things on planet earth right now
this is absolutely amazing stunned by
the beauty that is life earning man dare
2016 that morning jog hashtag no days
off oh this sides coming out ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls there is summer
boy come on look at this
I smell real life oh that as I see it
that stupid little Narwhal here you
touch
what's your name bro update there's got
to be 10 in the morning I'm son Burt I
don't need you Jesus still I don't know
where my friends are we have completely
abolished all hopes of living like
several human beings if you look over
here and over here you can see we have
been reduced to cavemen sandy ask a lie
hey as long as I got my water my Clif
Bar and the soil beneath my two feet I'm
gonna be okay I'm gonna be okay just
welcome to Burning Man a little ball
episode 1 upon N over here we got a seat
over here we got my closet over here we
got my kitchen
