good morning I'm holding the camera very
far away from my face today's you can
see them having some acne problems
I'm trying okay my best to get to get
rid of this thing I will be sexy again I
promise
but then that begs the question what I
have a sex tape morning maverick why is
the camera so far away you say um good
morning mark
why is the camera so far what do you say
maverick likes to take showers with me
that booty show me the booty you made a
booty and cameras going on this side
like many adolescent American children I
I too suffer with acne but the lucky
thing about me is I have this thing
where you just touch your face and all
the acting disappears just kidding it
doesn't exist no no the lucky thing
about me is that I am an actor and today
I happen to be going to set meaning I
get to get my face caked with makeup
whoa
but before I do that games obviously I
also picked up the shot for my sickness
it's gnarly man it's pretty disgusting
and it burns your throat like crazy
ginger lemon cayenne echinacea down the
hatch
yeah that's a good shot as if you won
the shot she knows duh duh oh they're
horrible but that's what it takes to get
better I'm headed to this youtube series
that I that I shoot the show that I'm
doing today is called foursome
it's a youtube series where I play a
mean older brother and I do it pretty
damn well if I do say so myself here is
a clip from foursome touch me bad time
yep yep that's me so we're shooting
season 2 today's the first day of season
2 Logan why is it called foursome well
I'm here to tell you it's exactly what
it sounds like oh my god you mean
centipede sort of for something I'm just
it's not that at all just probably also
be doing my vocal warm-ups now brown cow
unique New York unique New York you know
you need unique New York
red leather yellow leather alley sells
seashells by the seashore
kayak kayak kayak the arsonist has
oddly-shaped feet a few moments later
just got to set yo big news big news we
got pods this year I can't stay in a pod
look at this oh look at my pod look at
my pod man I'm living large yo squat
squat homie squat hashtag I said hashtag
way too much but I don't give a damn
hashtag yo y'all watch a little walk in
over here we got a seat over here we got
my closet over here we got my kitchen
get the hell out this is my character
his name is Alec cuz favorite things
include ham and cheese sandwiches and
playing call of duty oh and bTW ass
started coming to set with this mountain
number
I didn't need this some work to cover
that up good good to by mountain whose
nice knowing you yo did a good job man
like I'll take that I'll take it you
know there's my fault anyway so yeah
it's always your fault when you get
pimples
I'm seeing all the sets literally being
recreated in a studio whereas last year
we actually went to a location a school
and shot there this is a cafeteria and
they built all of this room full of
lockers classroom dang they just should
have made a school dude no the school in
the third-world country get some kids
who don't normally receive an education
to education make a you to shoot someone
put me in charge
you know so on this whole acne pimple
situation for a second I joke and I make
fun and I know some people have given me
crap oh like oh you only have one pimple
it's really not that bad yes generally
my skin is pretty clear but there was a
time in my life where acne literally
ruled my face I would put a picture up
here but like it's that bad that I don't
want to if you really want to see you
can probably find it on Google somewhere
but point is it was bad I understand
what you're going through and at the end
of the day it all comes down to your
personality it sounds cheesy but it's
true all right back to the fun stuff
just kidding this whole vlog sucks
haha time to stretch and run some lines
I'm blocked up like Yogi Bear most yeah
I gotta stop putting hot sauce in my
churros I don't know if she's going
through menopause or what but her
emotions are to the brain truth truth
like my sister man
ah yeah ha ha not important point is I
got so much done some senior year bro
I'd be crushing it call time was 9:30
it's 2 p.m. and I still haven't shot yet
I am going crazy
this is my camera they don't at at what
is it at Cameron that Cameron Berlin
brothers camera just the camera not real
it makes you look so good looking bro
this you need makes you look so good
look if I try it on do you think Oliver
bro your oh man hello game ball about to
roll the first take or some season to
you guys watch all his blocks they suck
is he Frank he's the best I am the best
come here little sister yo these lights
underneath me like I feel like I can
tell a scary story I write my sex life
I'm just kidding no I'm not
Cameron what happened bro oh just a
second ago you're a cool guy oh you know
some days I feel cool some days I don't
draw you're still so good-looking I feel
comfortable doing this with all the
people here but you know we just we
don't rock it hey guys everyone's
looking at me
good bye guys oh I hate all of them I'm
just kidding I hate everybody
okay I gotta find plans for the night
what to do what to do I have come to
know and love this street so much little
I'm my fuck make out with it no just
kidding y'all that's gross you want to
try to say is a back home well see
what's happening
this is like so typical like coming home
to stuff like this fake crazy you making
videos bro
next time I walk in my house I want a
real rager alright none of this fake
video pulls hey buddy how are you yet
yep never come up come up can you see
maverick ever why are you hiding why are
you hiding from the camera well you know
I think there is bro you ruin all my
never have I ever cards I love those
it's my favorite gaming hero mark Dona I
will destroy you did you hear me I heard
you some days you just want to be taken
back to your childhood so right now I'm
getting some superb cheese for dinner a
few inches later
yeah my questions why do I not eat
grilled cheeses more off their spoon
just because I'm an adult doesn't mean I
am above grilled cheeses if anything I
should eat them as much as I want you to
eat them daily because now I'm an adult
and I can eat them every day
grilled cheese we've all been waiting
for yeah I don't know why I put it on
the plate I get off on a meeting you
know and blood work by the way it's
delicious
can you guys stop making out I'm I love
sex please girls were here to like hang
out on that party have fun turns out
they're here to just shoot that damn
video still do I see how a DJ blows his
nose Beauty blow no fan
- bar have so many girls on the beanbag
why does your mark there's so many girls
on the beam give me one of those girls I
think the two that don't look like my
sisters as per usual I love you guys and
I will see you soon
purrs yeah movie is unbelievable you
guys are going to die laughing literally
you might you might die
