hello Alicia from the future I really
just wanted to come on here and let you
guys know that our project pretty basic
has officially launched and I'm so so
freakin happy like I'm not even kidding
it's also weird the fact that it's
already out and everything and I'm sorry
that my fonts have been behind I've
honestly been so busy with so much right
now and pretty basic has been one of
those and it's a podcast with Remy I'm
so so very excited I'm gonna have it
linked below you guys need to listen to
it because the teaser and the first
episode is on guys are gonna love it oh
my gosh I like even if you don't like
podcasts and go listen to it cuz I swear
you may just have a change of heart and
really like it so anyways it's our baby
we're so excited and I'm gonna shut up
and let you watch this vlog okay love
you guys bye good morning everyone
oh my Perry's watching dang it so Ashley
I just went to a pretty basic thing it
was but you'll know soon enough today
marks the 7 day countdown I'm so excited
I posted my Instagram every day where I
mean I have been like counting down the
days you guys have been doing a great
job
thank you yes and I've known about it
for why know everyone who knows about it
has been texting us like I already know
what this is but like I'm so excited so
excited but something exciting is
happening now I'm gonna ask Rome if it's
okay to talk about it she's touring some
places for an office which I think she
mentioned on a live but um we're gonna
go lucky we're gonna get some food after
do some shopping a little girl's name
yes also I got ready I really hope my
battery doesn't die um no are you
feeling better really a lot better
actually I think I had one of those like
it hits you hard for two days I slept
really hard last night and I feel better
this morning literally one that was me
and my last called - your eyes look so
green with that shirt oh thank you it's
a thing people say you wear the color
brings out the color the color the color
color in the color everything this is
I love I get more I yeah it definitely
went oh man that was super random things
from me it's definitely hotter on the
side but this is massive I think the
lighting is great though and if it's the
cheapest one who just would be out here
but but yeah you could have a good
remedy for a new office space which is
really exciting so we're touring some we
just came home from moral support
maybe one sitting area of the table I
know I'm basically gonna be here taste
that's I'm like coming along I like that
I think we all walked in this one was
like yeah good to know ash Tara wish we
did an apartment before Oh sometimes but
I mean I love our plates but I'm going
to a pool to do it for like a year I get
sick sensor I think that was our
thinking that we were yeah if it's only
a year just felt like a lot of work I
feel like a movie - no it's not - and
not knowing we were gonna be there for a
bit
not everyone's like picture what's nice
about this is you can like have
something like facing out opposed to
like stuck
yeah
so bright we are gonna get some food we
are currently at the Grove are you
excited about the office I'm so excited
about it right now I was like okay wait
that's literally so exciting we should
sit outside it's really nice it's great
here
big surprise were at Blue Ribbon sushi
where we always come every time every
freaking time anyways we'll figure out
we want we're gonna eat crispy rice
freakin get it I had that on accident
it's really good so good oh my gosh so I
tried it
I've never had the yellowtail here it's
really good we got some goods we just
went in Nordstrom and you're gonna have
to see what I got
if I do huh thank you so Renoir
we did we're doing a little shopping and
you guys they're literally putting up
the Christmas tree right not to grow
gonna be crazy so cute it's like
Starbucks are you all going to offer it
or do we want to what sounds great but
together neither
I'm the Starbucks right here there's a
coffee bean and there's a Starbucks here
my battery's gonna die in surprise it's
been good that punk
oh snap one two three
yeah thank you wait ask can we like
reget end so it looks like we're getting
in
oh good morning everyone
coming at you live from Alicia's Nissan
Sentra I just forgot what kind of car
I'm currently on my way to brunch I'm
meeting up with Remy and our friend oh
and I'm so excited yeah let me make sure
we're going the right way I'm like
honestly never in Beverly Hills good
morning how's everyone's day say let me
know what your plant what did you do
today like the day that I'm doing all of
this today the day we're watching them
actually really let me make sure okay I
know right whoo Alisha focus on the road
this is why we are hands-free people we
made it - is it brunch or lunch I really
don't know so nice like this view is
it's stunning I'm gonna show you guys
late it's over there but it's literally
beautiful this looks amazing oh my god
we are I feel like we don't belong here
it's too nice for us oh my god the
poached egg and everything they do a
taste test for them they want the
content give them the content look at
this view and update time it's quite a
bit later I changed I was like I just
think I need to become currently 526
p.m. I'm so sorry guys but I'm about to
go get some coffee and then I'm gonna
pick up Nikki we're gonna go shopping
have a girls night you don't really know
why I am hitting such a wall right now I
have a headache my neck kind of hurts
I'm just like really slow so we're gonna
get some coffee you gotta go to the base
place yeah and people are staring at me
okay one day it'll be normal to carry a
camera and talk to it one day okay can I
get a double shot of espresso over ice
I'm just two shots please yeah and then
could I also just get an iced coffee
with almond milk so nice coffee yeah
thank you
I haven't heard this song in for ten
more hired question of the day lights
yeah watch out oh how old are you that's
a good question how old are you guys let
me know in the comments
thank you so much oh okay whoo
blogger props okay if you guys ever
really really need some energy
just get a it's disgusting a double shot
of espresso over ice oh my god literally
just like dirt and like yeah a girl
loves coffee
Oh Oh my god ooh I have like goosebumps
Oh what if I can finish this that was
rough
oh man anyways oh oh my god anyways I'm
gonna go pick up Nikki how long a long
wait check out the shirt it's not for
Shane oh wait like these like us from
here I can't see me but Urban Outfitters
is shook their heads so we're in a
forever 21
I feel like I always find more stuff up
here would you agree okay I love that
this is so freaking cute I feel like
it's not only coming up on camera but
it's actually more of a like blue there
you go there you go it's like a blue
color this is so freakin cute
we love we've literally shopped until we
dropped weight this is not remind you of
when we were advocating the Third Street
Promenade yeah I think my title was shop
till we drop actually oh my god you can
totally see my hair better here we're
gonna buy that really I am so tired of
walking with all of these bags I just
like to set them down first of all
problem because is the most I'm out of
breath from shopping I'm like oh I want
to just like and I just said oh that's
what are you call your fans this is
between Mac babies and blue babes no
screenshots but we're getting close you
know everyone's in the Scrooge yeah
homegirl has pit scenes from shopping
what is wrong and I have marks on my arm
for my shopping bag
and yes this is sitting on a planet
shout-out to the fake snake plant for
being a tripod
