good morning everyone what is up welcome
to the vlog so my face is freaking red
that's great here's the problem did my
morning routine like normal wake up get
some coffee you know I actually just had
a really nice meeting came back home was
gonna start getting ready
hence me sitting at my vanity and I
realized I left all of my makeup at
Remy's place obviously like I have other
makeup but it's just like you know when
you have your go to bag and it's just
everything that you love and it's gone
that's my predicament right now oh my
wait oh my god wait I should do actually
oh my gotta wait I think I'm gonna go
still Ashley's makeup wait wait oh oh oh
my god wait this is hilarious Ashley has
very different makeup from you oh you
know what let's do it this should be a
challenge I'm good
see the problem is actually doesn't like
very much makeup I guess we can just get
right into it I'm currently trying to
make a tripod for you guys oh now you're
gonna fall okay this is normally where
she keeps her makeup but it's all empty
so I'm assuming everything is right here
we're gonna need it my god wait this is
so it's always so weird when you use
someone else's makeup like no matter
what they have it's just weird wait this
is normal for you but it's just so not
for me
um Oh Finn Tia hopefully this matches me
settings right I also don't know what
brush her her brushes does she have
makeup brush okay it's fine we're just
not gonna work a shadow then Oh Oh found
him found him found him bless okay
that's my scrunchie I literally was
gonna be like I know she hasn't makeup
brushes okay this looks like a like
concealer foundation you're gonna fall
this is not okay I'm really hoping this
is like somewhat of a cute angle or just
like nice in general okay we need a
primer I know she has the primer wait I
know you
have to face primer and I don't know
where it know what it's as a matter I
found a benefit wine I this is the
Porefessional love this one I haven't
used it a while okay I got way too much
hold on I need to put my hair up okay
wait I kind of forgot how amazing this
concealer is why did I put concealer
before my foundation I really don't know
let's not talk about that but we can't
talk about the fact that my skin that
covered so much okay fin teeth so you
might shape face me right she clearly it
looks way too dark well not maybe well
no maybe not actually I apologize if you
don't even use this brush for foundation
Ashley I have a theory you don't even
wear blush because I can't wait wait oh
oh my god I think wait this is like neon
though oh my gosh that's neon oh I'm
definitely gonna use that though bronzer
we could we could work with some bronzer
yes I love how Ashley has no idea I'm
doing this but also she doesn't care
because we just share everything all the
time so it's like it's a thing I really
love having a sister also Ashley I
uploaded a iMac you a nut both is like a
mukbang Q&A that we did on her channel
I'll have it linked in the description
box if you want to go support show some
love shoot it was really fun okay next
ah I definitely just messed up my brow
that's okay we're just gonna blend it
it's okay we are good blend blend blend
anyone watch encore makeup back in the
day oh that's not too bad like it's not
my best bro I've ever done but given
given the circumstances we're pretty
good I thought I ruined this brow and I
completely ruin this brow oh no I think
I just got like a head mom no let me
actually focus for two seconds and try
to fix this you know in those those
moments come when you're just like let
me just let me just stop wow I'm not you
know what this isn't that back hood like
it's mmm
I give them a 5 but it could be worse
Ashley I'm opening you're open opening
your land coffee powder you know what
let's um maybe we actually won't do I
shadow today I'm actually laughing
because I feel like my makeups kind of
turning out better than knowing some
guys we found a blush oh this one's
still kind of neon hopefully it looks
just like light hand like him
oh really bright okay okay and makeup is
done I'm not mad at it that's all I'm
gonna say I'm actually kind of surprised
so you get turned up turn out pretty
good like this brow like it's a little
thin it's gonna don't proud Wow I'm
sorry I keep just staring at myself in
this binder like yo oh my gosh this
looks real this is better than I thought
it's gonna look look sorry it's been a
bit oh my god I'm so I literally just
got such amazing news that I'm so
excited for us like really wants peace
marry me oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
it screamed when I saw it I got so
excited
so I left all my makeup at Remy's so I
used yours today how did I do
that's good it looks like pretty good
right I was really shocked it was like
you know this looks really good what did
you I used a little bit all of your
makeup but like only your Misha I did
the Fenty foundation and my concealer on
first I don't know why I didn't mean to
yeah again you look great for your
channel and I look awful luck feels
better
I don't know I'm hi you guys is finally
happening I think for almost like 3-4
months now I've been saying I'm gonna
hang these stupid frames honestly I just
suck at measuring things and like I knew
it would be a lot of work so I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna suck it up and do it I
basically just need to measure how big
of shelves to get for this walks it's
kind of a big wall and ideally I really
wanted just like two shelves frickin
aisle it I don't know what I'm doing
if I did the math right which I think I
did I think I need two shelves that are
60 inches long I looked it up and it
sets five feet so I need to find 2 5
foot shelves yes I saw I really want to
just get these up they've been sitting
on this floor for so freakin long I do
have a little bit of motivation because
I'm actually something a super exciting
video on Friday that you guys are gonna
be shook at like literally and it kind
of gives me motivation to straighten up
the house a little bit that's all I'm
gonna say and it's not a house tour so
shutting down though is happening soon
for instance this room is a mess
it's delicious
so good I could totally see that wait
which one babe
I'm at your Instagram now again oh my
god every time we take pics and it goes
on your feet you amp my blue hair blue
we left some blues and peeing right now
if you're watching go comment on
Alicia's pics blue hearts Nicki take
over blue babes take over one day
randomly she's gonna make blue living so
thank you I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog here but I love you guys so much
and I will see you all in the next blog
they are my favorite
