good morning guys welcome to another
village from moi what's today today is
Thursday it is actually Ashley earlier
today was Thursday or Friday and I had
no idea it's Thursday
Antony is a very very exciting day it
really is not only am i pretty much home
all day yes I had this event thing that
got canceled and then there was another
event thing that I really should go to
cuz it's like really cool but honestly I
was just like I just want to be home
what a chill but that's not why today's
only exciting today is exciting because
I'm expecting my new phone to come I'm
so excited I'm so excited so I'm getting
the iPhone excess max Jim real excited
for I have right now the iPhone X so I'm
actually upgrading back to the bigger
size because I used to have the iPhone 7
plus well if you don't know Apple all of
this probably sounds really confusing
but yeah so I'm really excited on but
anyways these kind of chill day of
course we have to do what we do every
single morning are we phone for you
today yeah yeah yeah
it looks like the one I have but it's
more rounded you wouldn't have it I
haven't used it unless have you never
charged it since I haven't you can look
in my drawers oh there were two I feel
like you can also Amazon one day it
Amazon one day is my thing I'm trying
I'm trying to sit down in this chair but
my hands are full and I normally always
have to like okay
also I pretty much edited I think most
of roommate ORS which I'm so excited for
I'm gonna try to have that up on Sunday
so that's really really exciting I've
shown you guys so much behind the scenes
do you guys do you like seeing all the
bunch behind the scenes and like teasing
I'm like snapchat or I don't know
Twitter all that stuff or do you like it
being surprised be honest it's okay so I
would do like a full outfit of the day
but to be honest it's pretty lacks yeah
woo yay oh my god am I gonna make out oh
my god oh my god oh my god wait oh my
god I am so freaking excited tenten
tenten oh my god I have to get use
having a bear phone now wait this is so
freaking nice about breath I'm excited
coming over here cuz it's way better
lighting so I ordered this book for the
coffee table we loves the only thing is
I'm actually wondering if well I need to
clean off this
but I'm kind of wondering if I should
put this in the office cuz I feel like I
could look really cute on this table
instead it's a little more like office
II and I feel like it kind of goes with
the calendar and stuff but anyway oh hey
I am so freaking excited right now
I was excited too because I gave her my
old phone oh yeah
anyways are you gonna ready to go soon
okay I'm just gonna do a little unboxing
full well I already unboxed it cuz I
showed you guys that and I already we
are moving over here I mean this doesn't
need to be like a full full review but
like we got the charger we got some
headphones which is great I always lose
lose them and I also got a phone case
for this so I'm actually really excited
I'm not gonna light when I got the
iPhone X I did really like it however I
feel like as a whole it wasn't like that
that different from some other ones the
camera is actually ridiculous you can
see the freakin lash glue on my lashes
oh my gosh it is this is my favorite
thing about it wow that's that's but
that's cute I want to edit it because I
know that there's a way oh my god this
is my okay don't mind the photo but this
is my favorite feature you can literally
change the f-stop to 14 - all the way to
1.4 guys I have a lens for my camera
that's 1.4 aperture that's in portrait
mode that's crazy
so Apple did send me this and can we
just get my like what why what what I
don't know why or how they know me how
they think I'm special what a new phone
and I was like yes oh my god I feel like
my younger self is freaking out I've
been such an Apple fan for so long and
like I like if you guys have watched me
for I usually do get the new phone
pretty much every single time it comes
out I have so many bugs with me doing
unboxings and stuff so I like it's like
thank you so much Apple I literally like
freaking out right compose compose
they're probably seeing this act cool
thank you so much Apple and she's gonna
cook anyways Ashley
let's do it we're gonna do a sister a
mukbang for her channel so we get to eat
it's great where are we going we are
going to Del Taco
a long time and I love del Taco I'm
already gonna get I think I've eaten
cheese Breda with red sauce oh I used to
always be that person who'd get the
double down and like no one ever really
gets a cheeseburger at Del Taco but like
oh my god it was one of my favorite
cheese bubbles and nachos the doubled
out cheese burger anyway so we're
filming right now also didn't bring my
wallet and also just brought slippers so
I kind of didn't think about it and I've
been no you yes that's fine I bet you
back oh my god
screwie I'm so excited and I'm so
excited I love drive-throughs just as
it's fun I think it's far that's why we
never go to one oh my god we got so much
food all this was only nine dollars
bt-dubs I'm gonna we're gonna eat I'm so
excited I'm just I'm literally so
excited I'm not gonna film our mukbang
because you have to watch Ashley's video
for it but I never ended this box so I
just want to come on here and say I'm so
so so so so sorry that I never ended it
and yeah so mmm hi I hope that you loved
it and I will see you guys really soon
with a new vlog okay thanks
