I'm in such a no-makeup mood today I'd
have a meeting Anna dinner leader good
morning guys what are your thoughts in
the fireplace I love it you like it
better than the other did you like the
other one better be completely honest in
all of this what is that a girl is
baking her face and coffee we love
coffee okay so I was literally getting
ready right now and I rise Alicia what
are you doing you should be vlogging
because that guy's so much exciting
which has been happening lately this
past week I don't know if you saw my
tweet but I tweeted out that October and
just the next few months are gonna be
very very very very exciting for the Mac
babies so I've just been so busy with
all that stuff and I apologize but vlogs
let's vlog ooh
yes I thought I feel like I always do
this but can you guys please comment
below like your favorite youtubers right
now on stuff and specifically people who
aren't that big cuz I love watching I
look like I don't I don't know why but I
love watching youtubers that Mark that
big if you know any like underground
people or if you guys have a channel to
like comment below feel like I asked
that all the time but it's because I'm
like constantly always looking for
people to watch so
I forgot I was waiting for a vlog to
show this I actually I ordered the
Jaclyn hill brush collection they didn't
send it to me but more fief you'd love
to send me stuff great I can give him
away I wanted to do like a fool like
trying to go through its like a lot of
my brushes were getting old like stuff I
had in high school old wow I'm really
aged myself mm-hmm stuff I hadn't liked
middle school olds I ordered this Wow
showed you a first impression and then
maybe I'll do like a full full review
actually I feel like I should wash these
before I leave but we've come over on
the rest of my brushes RTB on it this
here go see you go see here ash quick it
Alfred porfavor I would love a coffee
even though I already had a coffee today
but I didn't finish it oh my gosh this
looks amazing
1 2 3 1 2 3
we got some coffee and look who's here
for you I thought this probably
Coachella last time like in the vlog
she's gonna help me film today because I
needed help because Ashley was doing a
challenge today and I told her what it
is I'm literally so excited when I get
to go shopping and buy shopping I mean
like drop a ton of money
Gucci shopping I wasn't ready for this
at all I thought she was gonna prank me
with like something yeah oh my god I am
kind of nervous I'm not gonna lie Pepsi
time it is currently just currently oh
my phone's off about that what helped
turn on oh my god oh my god oh my god do
you love that oh my god this guy this
car just drove by it was a convertible
blaring a pretty woman and we're on
Rodeo Drive and I was like update time
it is currently 101 p.m. yes ashen era
filming a fun challenge which is
probably gonna go up I'm trying I'm
gonna try to get this up maybe like
Friday or Saturday so excited
we came to earth it's been so long since
I've been here actually been at the
longest time since I've been at this
location where in Thunder Lake Hills
right now I don't know if you guys
remember but I didn't vlog this was a
year so you're like at least three years
ago when I came here with Terence and
someone tried to steal my purse someone
tried to steal my purse I was trying to
explain it was kind of hard to like say
the layout of everything but I'm
literally sitting in the exact table
where we were sitting when it happened
it was the craziest thing ever literally
like God did you see it I'd have vlog it
was like yours oh you hugged him I was
sitting where you're sitting
wait someone was here and that guy was
sitting right there across I'm like oh
my god no literally because I met a new
product yeah because a parent was
sitting right here in turn was like me -
where's your purse and I was like oh
it's over here and I looked right there
saying it was there and it wasn't there
but it was like on the other side of me
and then at that second those guys I got
up and ran is that like crazy
I know I need to tell Ashley and this is
where I was sitting
that's where the guy was sitting so when
I was sitting me like hold around and
like pulled my purse it was the craziest
thing ever oh my gosh so good good
morning uh chit
good morning Chlo did you sleep good oh
wait you didn't sleep good because you
kept me up all night didn't you
what are you doing oh just trying to get
some work done
also I'm still not used to seeing this
I'm like what yo the sky looks so blue
today that's crazy
anyways let's put some makeup on
okay so like I said we have a lot of
like random kind of work stuff to do
that hold on missus like I'm actually
really excited guys can I just say I'm
actually really really excited I am the
most excited for YouTube that I've been
in a very very very long time I'm not
gonna go through my whole spiel again
that I took a break yet but um yeah I
don't know I'm really excited I'm
excited with the content we're coming up
with I'm excited just for everything so
it means a lot things are sticking with
me for a few few months I would say
since like maybe just let's just say the
whole year I'm actually starving we
should make some breakfast update time
it is currently one fifty-one p.m. I've
been Oh freaking productive today guys
I'm not even kidding I'm so excited for
upcoming stuff I feel like I'm finally
learning how to work from home I don't
know it's like it's taking me honestly
like five years it's cool yeah like I
don't know it's just like I'm really
like wow my teachers were right it
really does Cal and it makes life better
when you prepare for things anyways yes
I actually got a package from did you
just do white fox I love them they sent
me a package of some clothes so I've no
idea what's in here I'm really excited
and then I also have some shoes from
Steve Madden that I got for an exciting
video coming up so I'm gonna do a little
edgy TV video haul for you guys so I'm
gonna have it linked in the description
if you guys I don't watch that yeah I
always I keep forgetting to do IG TV
stuff it's actually really simple cuz I
just literally sit here with a tripod
and film aha
well I guess that's how you film any
haul Wow here's a little sneak peek of
the home update we just made it to city
wok Eddie arrived and he goes you look
great and I was like look at my outfit
the face is done the hair is I'm gonna
go see a star is born and I'm so excited
I literally went to the premiere it was
amazing I bawled I sobbed I laugh every
emotion possible I did my weight was
snapped are you excited
the biggest Gaga's stand over popcorn
system I'm really I soft I hate her she
could warn me didn't she do amazing that
she's gonna win every word in this guy's
so good I'm gonna see it again probably
next week with my family except my mom
to see it so about oh my gosh it was so
good I've just had to update we were
about to leave I was like wait update
the vlog but that's like the Uglies
angle I could ever try it in the vlog
here I feel like I should send the bug
here I mean thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you guys really
soon with new bugs I'm just gonna go
home and go to bed see ya
love you bye
