good morning guys
I am literally so tired Oh bless this is
what I need this is need alright so
right now I'm about to sit and edit
because I have a ton of editing to do so
today is Sunday which means I'm
uploading a video for you guys and guess
what yesterday this sounds so crazy but
I just literally forgot to edit like I
had an event I had to go to you and then
when I came back Nia was here and then
we were just hanging out and I went to
try it really late and then now I'm like
oh my god I didn't even edit at all so I
have a ton of headaches right now for
today's video
luckily I already have stuff I already
have a lot of it done from earlier than
week which I'm really glad about and I'm
like y'all like what happened so I'm
gonna be here for the next 4 hours
literally 4 hours we got this wish me
like you guys we're good here wait this
is cute I should snapchat this literally
3 hours later the video is up you guys
oh my god bless the end of it let's show
you the beginning or the No
yeah yeah video is up honestly like I
love this video
it's your it reminds me of like my
videos from last year and I'm just like
love everything about it I'm like really
happy with it so you should go watch it
also I made this like cute little intro
and it's so funny because this is my
desk
like right here so it was like me
editing I like had the idea to do that I
thought it was like crazy inception now
I can go get ready
so looking like a major Peeta is my hair
is so actually a very very exciting day
you don't even know you're gonna know
but you don't know I am filming a collab
with someone that I've never clapped
before you guys are gonna be so excited
because I never knew how much like
crossover me and this other person had
until like we met and like seriously you
guys have been waiting for this clap for
the longest time they're gonna be coming
over in a few hours
but have to be ready public clean up a
little bit I'm not gonna tell you who
yet but you're gonna find out real quick
oh I always feel so good once a video
gets up I'm starving I've not had
breakfast let's go get some food I think
I actually have a problem there's so
many coffee cups right here is that
gross I don't really I mean this is mine
today yeah I need to bring those
downstairs
anyways we're about to do my makeup
let's start the time lapse in 3 2 1 go
boom makeup is done hairs on rooms clean
it is currently told me seven literally
all I want to do is go swimming later
because it is so nice outside today you
guys look who I owe my god since your
progress yes since we hung out you've
inspired me I've upped my Instagram game
what we talked about yeah yeah like when
I see a wall and I'm like that wall
would be a good picture is so proud of
you
me and Rylan we've been literally like
we'll take a trip and we'll be like oh
like to take an institution and we like
just take pictures you don't know how
happy that makes me
guys we are collabing this is this is
this is a sign of a good collab I just
want to show you the desk literal
marshmallow with here's cuz we watched
me and Riley we watched Alicia's every
single blog great to be in her house is
so weird after you've been watching it
and we've catch ourselves I keep singing
your intro song in front of you more
like sophisticated travel like blogger s
and in your world the fact that I'm not
sitting here with a coffee drink that
has a caramel swirl on it what is that
what are you drinking oh my god iced
almond latte with caramel drizzle in the
cup cuz I used to get the vanilla latte
but I realize I was like you know what I
don't care for the vanilla like
sweetener as much as I do as the caramel
I'd much rather splurge on the caramel I
love your opinions so god
what is up you guys
update time co-op went so good I'm so
excited for you guys to see this video
to like I'm not kidding like huh so
excited Jean Marie and I are currently
about to get some dinner
some linner it's like lunch a Late Late
Late lunch yeah I'm excited it's gonna
to you when you fail miserably at
vlogging and showing the food that you
got this is the one clip that you get
guys that's how she gets on the bed
every night she's like jumps on the
stool and then just appeared oh my god
we're just being extra cute namely huh
let's go swimmin hey khlo do you want to
go swimming I don't think you do oh we
need a haircut so bad babe we can take
new instance oh yes tenses for your
Instagram
have you been posted a little sassy
thing I love you we need a bathing suit
oh my god oh my god oh is it a worm I
don't know what that is I'm really
hoping it's a stick but I don't think
it's a stick oh my god you that's like a
huge freaking worm at La Crosse we're
just not gonna go that way we're gonna
go around here this shirt is a little
booby so I apologize for that the shirt
this is bikini top we're good dang it
I'm probably so close to the kit right
now
this is like almost I needed this so bad
oh do you do
this is a five minute in target vlog are
you ready for this guy's ready are you
ready but I'm fun and look where we are
but no I'm not gonna buy anything Alicia
oh dang it's like real picked over like
this is we're starting like next week
good question of the day when'd you go
back to school
comment below I got a suitcase for
tomorrow's video actually a lot of
random things I need for the video so
let's get that did I say suitcase lunch
box did I really say I said suitcase
whoa wow I am tired holla
I honestly had no idea but then make it
because I'm always needed in makeup
wipes and I need lashes too
and you always need lashes how cute is
this it's a giant like Target basket oh
my god
what are you going shaving cream the
cheap stuff cuz it's better greenie
oh wait look head back Oh zip what you
do need to bug that answer
like thought the house got my new
favorites creamer I am top jumbo size we
need Nutella pickles capitals romaine
electric tooth we got some goods Funyuns
it's like the lightest stuff ever which
makes sense cause it's like much you
like it no your benefit also our cheese
that person and I'm a full fish burger
do you like that I've never had it
actually wouldn't like it
this looks great let's get some salad
and only yeah like a hour later we got
some goods yeah we got the goods we got
the goods that's so heavy squad out a
peak time so quite a bit later now it's
honestly like 11 something and we
watched the life of Kylie premier loved
it seriously was so good jean-marie
Aaron and I all watched it I'm so good
I'm so sorry I didn't vlog pletely
forgot I put out my camera to you and I
just so completely forgot
anyways I'm gonna go to bed so I love
you guys and I'll see you later
Oh
