let's get some food
oh my god this looks so freakin good I
got avocado chose a side of berries and
then you guys they had freaking Oh milk
I'm so excited I meats it this is
literally like the target one that you
showed me but this is cute I need I got
my coffee to go
they had oat milk I needed it to go like
anyways so we're heading back to the
guys we've sprinted
don't spray me Brian I don't run
literally I'm not kidding we were like
dropped off in the wrong spot we're
running into freakin feels and then I'm
saying I thought I was gonna trip it was
so rough but we would actually we made
it
coming to the first show its Milly I'm
really excited to see the looks at they
have it's fun and very excited I'm gone
my first real show ever ever ever ever
trying to find our seat so I think I'm
right here we got to pray both the funny
was amazing we got to our seats and we
made it
so I think they're starting really soon
where's Ram I said red light
I always do this
we came to Chloe or by Chloe I'm so
freaking excited also I feel like I'm
really overdressed for a fast-food ish
type place but it's good come here oh
she has the goods I noticed how long oh
my god I got the taco salad and I got
this we can share if you want so you're
so welcome
you got a burger oh my freaking God this
looks so good wait you said you wanted a
picture right yes I like it made by me
try the taco thing of all time
donuts bagel question one category again
they're round
gonna be smelly and I've never been I
don't know how many people are judging
us right now
people will need to watch people need to
watch both of our blogs like every
single time I'm shopping and so how it
rains I also feel like every single time
I come to shop in Soho
so anyways Ren and I had a show this
morning
I've loved it the pink accessories and
everything I was obsessed I love this
she was Asian it was so good it was
butan it was like really good anyways we
have a break we have another show
tonight we're excited for but we have a
break so we decided to come and just
chill you know you never know
also I'm loving these earrings aren't
these so cute cute creation just
redirect it to Lacey yeah maybe it'll
stop raining chapter isn't really
changed address one more time just I
know it's so I guess we're getting food
now we're here Ram
I lost you I'm so hungry I lost you and
I was like woods we are honestly so
freakin hungry this all looks so good
the fish tacos Oh what are we won
oh my upper desert they have Nutella and
vanilla cream Napoleon
why do I always want most unflattering
ankles and myself I just don't get it
I love food a lobster pork belly
heirloom tomatoes
hot sauce early we're gonna aim you're
ever in Lolita
Shoko area come to see Morris boy drama
this side my car
oh my god
it smells so good
what's up you guys so today is Sunday
and we are still in New York we're here
for a few more days it's kind of been
really crazy all over the place and
that's why I figured I would just vlog
kind of like the interesting parts I
feel like I will say last night was kind
of cool we went to a the map the Badgley
Mischka show there were so many people
there like Caitlyn Jenner was there she
was literally like two feet away from us
that was crazy
so anyways I'm actually gonna go meet up
with REM and we're gonna get some brunch
and we're gonna try to have an editing
day I'm really really really really
really hoping to get my main channel
video up today but I have to see if the
front desk has a package for me because
I have a memory card with me and that's
the wrong size of the normal like SD
reader
I forgot the adapter so I had to order
it so I'm really hoping we'll hear
things downstairs never done so we'll
see that like oh they have oat milk I'm
not even kidding I love how most places
are having it now we are currently at
Project cozy which is this really cute
coffee place and I'm not kidding it's
actually massive like there's so much
space to work so I'm pretty sure the
footage that I'm looking for is at home
but my parents are there sometimes
my scream in it
get it that way
oh my god okay first of all we found the
footage which is so exciting and what's
even crazier is I'm on my computer at
home sending myself this footage it's
not crazy technology man oh my god yay
okay that's pretty much the last thing I
had to do I have to do some now and
we're gonna get it done I'm actually so
excited right now
like I thought I deleted that I didn't
know what I was gonna do I thought I
might have to wait to upload this till I
go home but it's already been put on my
main channel so oh it's stressing for a
little bit oh right in here hello also
our room is pretty dang messy don't mind
that anyways so here is the outfit I'm
wearing today my jacket is from mistress
Rox it's the one that they gave me if
you remember that hall
I got this bodysuit it's white it's so
comfortable it's from our it SIA and I
love it and then I also got these pants
from Marisa see a real look can't talk I
also got these pants from a ritzy either
just camo jogger pants and I really
really like them and we're wearing the
Feliz so I feel like it goes with the
OTD yes anyways okay let's go okay I do
have M things I think I do okay I'm
almost 20 away do you want me to I'm
definitely not want a snack okay there's
beyond sushi that's like a vegan sushi
place or there's like another place you
want me to meet you there and then we
can walk or do you want to hop in my
uber and then we can redirect with
something quick okay then I'll come to
you and all you know when you're like
okay bye this is good you're logging
this I'm vlogging I got you this because
it's us it depends on the day oh my god
this is so yeah I was like one of those
things Oh
my god I'm dead I'm so hungry okay well
I'm gonna wait for dessert
okay so cute right this is so freaking
cute so there's this place I've always
seen it but I've never been here
oh my God we're in New York we're gonna
try it it's beyond sushi I am not hungry
at all but I figured you how would the
ramen thought about you like I need to
take her back so it's a really popular
ramen place out here and the one I got
was like rice noodles with like a
tournament like there go G berries in it
but it was really good oh my god good I
know I've been there once it was years
ago but I got like regular ramen and
that was before I was in dorama
I don't like ramen I don't know I'm in
love something AMA anyway I'm so sad
it's raining we got need to really try
it it's really good sounds a spicy
making sure it's like right it's gotten
really mom dude we're getting movie I've
been thinking about this exact moment
for six months like it I saw him three
months since we've been here
let's try it I'm gonna get I see them
they look amazing so we're gonna get the
peanut butter oh my god
it's rich oh my god
