good morning everyone what is up I do
want to apologize because I'm fighting a
cold but like I'm not gonna let that
freaking no no yeah my voice is kind of
mmm actually guess what the same way I
feel like sometimes when you have a cold
like your voice sounds cooler than you
are like it sounds all raspy and stuff I
feel like I'm kind of in that stage it's
like a little like Merc I don't know
think that do you freeze that's the
question of the day do you agree so
that's my voice can wait but hopefully
not gonna way not God what I don't get
sick because I leave for New York
tomorrow early morning anyway is Ashton
are filming today and I am really
excited for this video I hope you guys
like it I'm not sure what's coming out
yeah so we're gonna film that stuff to
pack we have some errands to do we got
things to do um let's see ash oh you all
sit up oh wait let me move all this oh
my god okay guys my fitting yesterday if
you if you remember that Dez I just
dropped them off this morning I'm so
excited for Fashion Week I really really
hope I don't get any more sick like I
hope I get better really really open it
doesn't get worse than it is the
succulence on the wall oh no oh no wait
not all of them oh yeah that one's not
looking too good you know it's looking a
little droopy oh and not those ones too
oh um not gonna lie though like this
whole it like this has been looking so
good though it's just cuz we've been
traveling Oh
Ashlee's kind of a plant nerd but I love
it I'm a plant mom plant mom let that
plant mom life though okay let's set
this actually like it more like centered
I think yeah okay so here
guys this is the best thing oh look
disgusting though these things one look
like cockroaches which was discussed two
is literally one my favorite dessert
snack things ever and they're healthy
literally if you guys watch cooking with
Remy my favorite show biggest fan
I think REM actually bought this one I'm
not sure if they're basically dates
stuff with almond butter and then
drizzled with chocolate Oh freaking
potion they taste like a Snickers a
healthy Snickers they're so good I'm
pretty sure Alexa Lizzy was the one who
told Remy about it um and Ashe made some
yesterday and they're so break being so
good really looks good do I haven't
posted yet they're so good but you put
them in the freezer
it tastes like a Snickers ice cream bar
it's so good anyway I'm currently 2:12
p.m. we're about halfway done filming
what's going ma'am I'm definitely I have
another one of these also shameless self
promo don't forget to follow my
Instagram my Twitter my vlog channel a
little behind the scenes I'm filming
this which is always really cool and
yeah I don't know I love you guys and
I'll see you and my neck city bye I
always keep doing this with Liv I think
okay we are filming the last little bit
let's do this so yeah I'm starting a new
series where you guys are going to see
me kind of open up a lot more I don't
want to spoil it too much because I
really am proud of it and I do like the
idea and everything about it's been on
the list to do this for like a few
months I think it was like one of the
first series I came up with after I took
a break like before I even came back
like during my break I thought of this I
was like I really really like this so
I'm kind of nervous but it should be
good I think you guys are really gonna
like it I do
and me too like I think I'm gonna really
gonna like how they turn out so yes
filming the first episode today that's
what we're doing update time it's a lot
later houston-area currently at the
Grove
um and it's right at 3 hold on I took
off all my makeup because there's this
thing so I'm supporters are doing it I'm
not sure if all I really hope they're
doing it today because if you're not
I'll be sad or do like free facialists
that are really dope if you buy like $75
and we literally came here for the
facial that's why we here boo blue
ribbon good sushi last night okay
oh I freaking love the Grove I feel like
I used to love it and then I hated it
just because it's so busy all the time
for the most part and it honestly
doesn't have like the best shops you
know what I mean no it doesn't but it's
just a good experience like it's so cute
it's actually quite a bit later and we
ended up getting our facials we just had
to wait like 45 minutes because
apparently now they only do appointment
only
skin feels so Oh much better
yeah now actually I are trying to find
somewhere to eat and her phone's the
trunk my phone is dead don't mean to get
some like super something it's not
feeling the best let's see if we can
bang
I hate traffic okay well once my phone
charges became figured out Ashley's
getting cranky so she said I was like
it's okay I'm Lisa
we got miso soup at home and she goes
that's not that's not soup that's bra
you got me all excited for fun and then
and then what I messed up because I
couldn't find somewhere you were like oh
you can't just do we'll just do miso
packets at home and that's not what I
want okay well you don't have to I
didn't say all I said was then I thought
we were getting stew because I don't
feel good it's turning on step one I am
officially starting to pack for New York
tomorrow I'm so excited I'm not excited
that I have to get up early oh we need
shoes I'm thinking of bringing the Feliz
as well as workout shoes as well ready
maybe I'm just gonna lay out everything
first maybe we'll do yes I've gotten so
much more done and I'm hearing how bad
my voice down so I apologize for that
yeah pretty much all pack I have my
outfit all laid out for tomorrow I'm not
sure what shoes I'm gonna wear but other
than that you guys I think I'm pretty
much done I really really hope I'm not
forgetting anything my backpacks
downstairs this is here my makeup wipes
are downstairs and you get that charger
portable toaster guys I think we're
gonna be at the airport at 6:36 be there
at 6:30 which means I can get up at 5:00
means I can get still six hours of sleep
which is really good yeah anyways guys
thank you so much for watching this I'm
probably gonna edit this on the plane
but yeah I love you guys and I'll see
you in New York for Fashion Week all
right tomorrow morning when I start
tomorrow's Fox that makes no sense
oh my god my voice is so bad anyways I
love you guys I'll see you guys later
bye that was stupid
