good morning guys what is up today is
Wednesday I almost have no idea what the
plans are for today ash is actually
gonna go back to Orange County later
today we were gonna film this morning do
you remember that time I got in a car
accident and I thought it was kind of
minor someone just hit me from behind oh
it's not that bad
obviously I'm okay like it's not like
bad bad but it just kind of like threw
me off so I was like oh my gosh what's
going on well apparently it was a lot
bigger than I thought my car has been in
the shop for about two weeks now I can
finally get it back today I'm so excited
so we're gonna go pick it up
I didn't think there was that much
damage to it but he said underneath like
that she's like there was a lot more
damage than I thought so yeah I gotta go
pick up Henry from the shop I'm so
excited I have some editing to do I
really do I really should get some
filming done today then I have a few
errands to get so that's my day also I
put up yesterday's vlog so you guys
should totally go watch it oh I look
funky rubber oh my god this part though
I was like actually so surprised I love
how I go all out for things like this is
so extra so I'm going to read and reply
to your guys's comment oh yes got some
coffee much needed and now we can put
some makeup on get ready to hopefully
film in time before I just do
okay hopefully that's decent lighting
this is a Smashbox photo finish primer
water and it's a part of it also
lately I've actually gotten so many
compliments on my skin which is not just
everyone think your foundation looks
really good
well I'm gonna show you what I've been
doing so I've been using Smashbox the
hydrating photo finish primer after
using the primer water and then I've
been using the Tarte Amazonian clay
foundation with this oil I don't say it
morever Cuccia on this just like a
buffer block prep method up blob uh-huh
buffer brush so put like a little bit on
there and then just a drop of this it's
like a science experiment literally just
a drop on the foundation and then just
start buffing onto your skin guys like
that
and that's all I've been doing pure
foundation um obviously I used my Tarte
shape escape concealer because this is
life best concealer in the world I'm not
kidding
makeup is done I did this makeup look
yesterday I was really liking it it's
literally just gold on your lid and a
light pink in your crease look good
anyways we're gonna go to Target it's
actually been a bit since I've been the
target which is really good I feel like
I should probably should make a list of
things because I'm sure I need some
other things from there right now I'm
but we're going to film a scene for it
this week's video going up Sunday get
very excited good no money but we are
currently on our way to target yeah we
are yeah we are trying to think of
things we need we really just need like
adulting things like laundry soap bleach
shaper towel very boring stuff so this
isn't a fun target adventures this is
more
targeted trip also I'm wearing my new
shirt that I got from urban the other
day with Nicki it was like the mesh what
do you have this in black no I have a
long sleek one okay I saw it something
on the floor that looked just like this
smells like oh my god - because he won a
navy brawl that I like it that's my OTD
is there anything you need from Target I
was trying to think about that and I
don't think so mostly the laundry soap
because I have a lot of laundry I gotta
do same girl same target band my copy
it's already gone and I'm bad or we
could get another one okay - the bra
section we've made it clearly okay let's
do this - Oh stupid paper towels oh my
god wasn't expecting that
this is a fail oh my god spotted Ashlee
buying salsa verde verde sorry I feel
that bad better their day oh yeah my
heck what else do we need
curling the gross share a sectional so
since we live in LA now and Chloe is a
bougie dog getting a little doggie bags
so we can walk her it's a little bone
it's a little fun to hold and it's so
cute
and then Ashley really wanted to get her
new water bowl be like are constantly
filling up her water so we're gonna get
one that just is like automatic you this
suitcase is so cute oh my gosh I need
this
ash I need this I love well I don't need
it I just really really want it it's
only a hundred bucks
that's so cute moved so here's
everything we got
got some good ash hi okay so we are back
and I'm starving it's currently a long
time ago I almost won earlier today when
I got my coffee they actually sell
coffee gratitude there so I got the
liberated this one is so good if you
ever go there it's pads hi noodle thing
it's so Bob I have a tech me later I'm
so hungry I don't know why it's so good
it like really is just so freakin good
mmm good morning guys welcome to day two
of this book today
what is today I never know what day it
is it's like it's a problem it's an
actual problem Thursday today is
Thursday so I got kind of ready I really
didn't even out my haircut my backpack I
didn't even really do my hair I just my
makeup halfway
I didn't even bother doing my eyes like
no mascara no eye shadow nothing what's
funny is I literally didn't care I just
stopped doing my makeup and called it a
day
later I'm actually gonna go over I'm
supposed to help Mickey she's filming a
so I'm sure I'll get ready ready later
but for now this is what it is hope you
guys saw my snapchat this morning if you
didn't it's because by the time you're
watching this the 24 hours is already
over so it's gone Bert you're just not
following me on snapchat either way I
went shopping at brandy Melville the
other day and I got some new tops aka
this one super cute super cute this good
vibes and I spill my coffee on my shirt
on my brand new shirt
happens to me so much it's annoying
anyways after night are gonna go get
some lunch right now I think we're gonna
go to lemonade an outfit I changed I was
wearing leggings
it's so hot guys it's a hot day
obviously you can't really tell heat
through the vlog camera my car said 88
degrees almost 90 degrees it's so hot
today so I'm we switched to short yes
and then I also have a hoodie Sandra I'm
always but anyways this is my love today
featuring balloons I love how these
balloons are just chilling here so it's
Chloe's toy hi babe we gonna get hit
what did I just say we need to get a
haircut we are getting chunky hey oh
you're wearing a glasses - we are
twinning oh did you change because I
said we want to take picture I want a
pic take pictures I knew it
currently at lemonade about to get some
food and real excited what do I want
what do I want Ashley vlogging of course
you're gonna get the blood orange
eliminate your hair already got the
minutes hella cheap painting it was
pretty good
got to use Orange eliminate but I
did try a new cauliflower thing which I
haven't tried and this is pretty good
friend of good hey guys update time so
it's a lot later I'm so sorry
currently at Nikki's apartment what
argue I know I feel like especially this
past week I've been here almost every
single day and look at him oh well we're
having a brainstorming session yeah
there's a Chloe and a Natalie and I'm
Mary so guys I need your help
can you help me be have been
brainstorming some amazing video ideas
do me a favor and leave some comments
below of videos that you really want to
see and that you missing on YouTube or
even like original crazy ideas that you
would never think anyone would do
because maybe we can incorporate them
and then I might pick your video for an
actual video that'd be really cool so
childhood dream Oh or like a childhood
dream that you've always wanted who are
always in like the most insane thing you
could ever think of yeah like swimming
in a pool of jello I feel like every
single person has thought that at some
point in their life this was going on
yeah we filmed a secret project hey guys
what is up I just wanted to end this
vlog you probably like watching it I'm
sorry that I had to put two days in one
eye that was totally my fault
yeah I will see you guys tomorrow new
vlog I love you Ann yes
