good morning guys what is up we are at
the airport currently oh my god these
are so freaky
those are so cute we're currently
getting some smash definitely want some
chuck smith made something salty because
I have some candy
oh my god hot cheeto I'm not sure I'm
not really sure what else ooh should we
get popcorn that's skinny Papa we still
never said of where we're going I want
to say right now but I think they're
gonna know by the time sure this is what
I eat okay so we are literally I'm so
excited
Oh ash there's so many snacks out here
ooh I feel like they're better staff
there's so much better cutting is good
okay so should we say so we were kind of
the airport and we're going on a trip
and we actually found out about this
like pretty last minute
we're so freaking excited
it's going it's like it feels like deja
vu we are going on the Daniel Wellington
yacht week in Greece I am so excited I
loved Greece and I wanted to go back to
so bad like when we were leaving and I
did not think it would be this soon
oh maybe in a few years ago like yeah
literally but it's funny cuz I feel like
if we knew that we were going now we
wouldn't have gone earlier this year
it's really nice packing for a trip in a
different country and like knowing what
to expect and what to pack know what to
bring like packing right now versus our
first trip with so much easier there's
so much fun here's the airplane outfit
of the day we literally need a longest
one ever but hat is from Nike my
sweatshirt is actually a sample i'ma say
shorts are from pretty little thing and
my shoes are
I need to sleep oh my god I told you
this one is so much better did the other
one have fun size
did it have variety fun shot yo this is
massive oh there's stuff over here too
this one is literally so much better
they have the jalapeno chips the
appalled meter chips Oh what my freaking
got an update I got the jalapeno chips
you know I'm also really excited for it
the last Greece trip I kind of did more
of like a main channel vlog like I've
more produce main Channel video or vlog
thing and I'm actually excited cuz I
feel like these ones will be more chill
so it's like we get the best of both hey
I have no idea what to expect I don't
even know if we're living on a boat like
I don't know I don't know anything I
don't know much I don't know what are we
talking I don't know we're doing hotels
and then we're going on the yachts every
day dropping and staying on the air are
we literally like sleeping on the boat I
have no I literally idea I don't I get
nauseous it's anchored so the new things
yes gonna see something on the night I
forget oh and they're so sweet they're
flying us off is their butts the most
ugliest thing I've ever made my life
okay thank you have a good run first
fight
yo girls just got to their seats I feel
so would be good in that case oh my god
like it feels so weird I am really
excited uh so we have a layover in Paris
teddy which is funny so just there I
know I'm going I so here like literally
this feels like the same exact flight
Remy and I had when we came back it's
crazy
oh and I'm pretty much cheering like the
same thing low-key with the button you
know I'm already so hungry I might like
whooping to these snacks Russia might
snow falls right here I put all the
snacks we got all the guns we got these
that I got from Target we got gummy
bears hex mix now I'm taking everything
out some skinny pop you're doing know
jalapeno chips I'm crushing everything
right now and we got sour punch the
bites guys I'm shook by my own self what
there's no stopping that so yeah I think
we'll be satisfied for the next 10 hours
I'm pretty sure they're also like giving
us a meal on this like like I'm gonna
start okay but that's our little snack
drawer we got some slippers you best
believe I'm about to put these on my
feet Ashlee's Cringer I've got so less
blog shy like when I'm with someone else
cute like it's obvious I don't belong
I'm like fries livers haven't even taken
off yet but I'm going for the tracks
thank you I'm just gonna actually have a
lot of editing to do we've 10 horas
I would love editing a lot of works all
the emails a lot of stuff so we're
currently having some lunch she got the
ravioli I got the occasion shrimp and
rice
good morning everyone we're about to
have breakfast I'm so freaking excited
it looks amazing
I think breakfast is my favorite part of
the day
fo sho this looks so good you're
probably wondering where do we do our
makeup well literally on our little cock
of a bed I usually just like sit here oh
oh I can kind of see myself it's not
really really small like a Shania to be
pretty being close together when we
sleep this is the most terrifying part
when you have to walk across this thing
I'm good I'm good I'm good
we did it you guys we're in Greece today
we are in a dress
technically itro as I play oh my god
this place is dope this reminds me of
like if you think of another country
this is so pretty
my hair's blowing everywhere so I didn't
really do it we have some time to
explore before lunch oh my god this
stores lit this door so cute literally
just on the storage so freaking cute I
feel like ash is gonna be obsessed with
it that is so cute we have a dinner
tonight and I'm wondering if I should
buy something so I'm kind of running out
of outfits low-key oh my god that's so
pretty
come back I would love a skirt we just
met a subscriber I think she's the
sweetest thing ever oh my gosh bye my
favorite thing about grace is the
aesthetic because it slowly - but like
no other like we just have these like
huge photos taken here everyone's
staring at me right now but like yo
Ashley hello let me get my shape here
again hold my bag Ashley desperately
wants to find this jewelry storage I
think
yeah huh teatime I don't know it's habit
isn't it's one o'clock we have an hour
till lunch and Ashley and I decided to I
would say a thousand I would say a
thousand probably like five hundred
realistically really quickly I was a 800
okay sorry I'm out of shape
yo we did this hike yesterday and that
killed me so I feel like wow I'm so we
literally stopped and got water
beforehand which I'm really glad didn't
plan that but it worked out great anyway
should we go try to find this we met a
subscriber and she said that this was
like a really really cool pretty area
and we're hoping we're going the right
way
low-key I don't even know for going the
right way but we just figured we'd go up
so hopefully it's worth it oh my god it
honestly is so freaking beautiful we're
gonna get lunch and I think we just got
here it is this really really cute oh my
god this is so cute oh my god this is so
cute oh my god I'm so hungry
oh it's another sharing runs is it all
sharing or doing so we are at techne
thank you this view is beautiful so we
came to this speech I'm about to do some
swimming and it looks amazing
oh my god oh my god I literally just on
a jump in this this is beautiful I
really hope the cameras doing this
dresses right now so that is so freaking
beautiful oh my god this is where our
dinner is tonight
cut to dinner this guy's about to job
yeah oh my god don't do that oh my god
that's legit
hey guys what is up so if you saw my
little text earlier then you'd realize
or that you would know I accidentally
deleted um quite a bit of footage well
not like that much but overall I feel
like it kind of is weird in the vlog
because like I have this whole like
lead-up to going but I actually deleted
or I can't find I don't know where it is
I literally looked everywhere like the
first few days getting to the hotel
getting on the boat like all that stuff
so I literally don't know where it is
I've honestly spent so much time looking
for it but yeah I just kinda wanted to
end this vlog because it feels like it's
all over the place because of that but
yeah I had such a good time thank you to
Daniel Wellington and I hope that you
guys enjoyed this again I am so sorry
that this is all over the place thanks
for watching I'll see you guys really
soon with a new vlog though
