hello world first of all I just want to
say I'm sorry because today I was
planning on blogging and she didn't
happen and then I realize well Alicia
yet need to go to Target and I was like
wait I can't vlog you want to know why
because I'm a full fetus right now then
I was like you know what this calls for
a fetus target vlog let's go doesn't
remind you of the old days doesn't I me
of the old days and I know make up on
late night Oh get out of inches y'all
this is the attire oh wait it's been so
long since I've been to target like that
guy's cute guys cute what do we need
what do I not need that I'm probably
gonna look at anyway oh wait this is
cute
that is so cute I do feel like you could
do I buy that real easy though these
things are really cute especially if you
can't keep a plant alive it literally
feels like I haven't been here in a year
like an actual year oh my god vans is
Chuck is that like legal you know we
need this and we also need hmm I guess
we can do this this a the makeup White's
like oh did you miss oh no you got it um
you know I didn't hate it I don't think
it's like with the money I mean that's
not as expensive as the other one wait
they sell this brand here this is such a
good face mask remy showed it to me I
tried to make America better I felt I
just made it look worse we need this
we need this okay one of the things I
desperately need is a cheap curling iron
because the past few international trips
that I've done I've completely fried a
straightener and a very expensive
curling iron so I'm gonna do the cheap
ones I don't buy it so which one do we
want like this is fine it doesn't need
to be anything crazy what do you like
this one or do you like this one we're
getting this one has anyone tried it let
me know if you like we got those because
we're going on a trip we need some
sunscreen and tent there's gonna be Sun
Oh Travel section
Travel cheeseburger I haven't told him
where we're going yet when should we
tell them I think we should tell them
maybe like in the next well I don't know
I'm just thinking I kind of don't like
how lately it's been like only once
we're at the airport I'm like no I want
to like say we should tell them we're
going somewhere it's International
comment your guesses down below Ashton
are going for about a week ish so
depending who ash sugar gets mad yeah
board up Elaine oh my god wait should we
go really oh my god they have fidget
spinner candies I'm shook oh we this is
really big though do you have anything
smaller than us yeah it doesn't look so
good sure you get huh yeah what else do
we need we need two snacks I need I need
I need I need what do I need I need
Oh snacks oh my god we found the talkies
what in the world
I think this people are talking about me
like this section was just my favorite
part of childhood snacks mom say
something we're getting a new pop socket
and I think I'm gonna get this phone
case because it matches where we're
going another hint here's an update of
everything read life you lied to me you
said your tumblr cups were here and I
don't see them
where that's not it that's cute I guess
oh yeah yeah are there more this is the
only I'm just kidding Ellie found them
let me get everything yeah I got washes
socks necessities I feel like I'm
forgetting something looking you know
well then toe q20 vest should I get this
this is cute why is the lighting so bad
or do I just like a look that bad this
is the gradation so freaking good
we got the goods
who got the goods I say who let the good
I said who got the groom thank you for
watching
Alisha's lazy vlogging last minute
target adventures thank you for watching
a very very Merry fetus very Merry fetus
so a very Merry fetus target adventure
with Alicia
and pink floyd - holy i also love how
like i met so much subscribers of all
time like yo guys this is real life
stuff man you want to target home let me
know i'll do it in house block illy guys
back
