good morning everyone
I definitely slept in today definitely
want some coffee
dang we a fetus today oh good morning
ash
Cheers okay you guys would be so
freaking proud of me I already got up a
vlog today and I'm editing another vlog
so hopefully that can go up maybe not
tomorrow but the next day maybe I've
been really on my vlog game and I'm not
not trying to jinx it or anything but
like I'm really excited I'm really a
proud wait for it wait for it wait for
it we got the vlog up go watch it
so yeah I've honestly been here for like
a few hours we've been working in stuff
and now I need to go and get ready
oh wait oh let's sit I actually have to
I need to get ready because I have a
hair appointment later and then we're
gonna come back here and kind of get
stuff ready for tomorrow because we are
filming tomorrow and today we stopped to
say where we're going see we'll see
we'll see we'll see we'll see oh maybe
tomorrow maybe tomorrow
I'm mood so you do remember when I told
you as my closet was super messy yeah
well it's not too bad compared now to my
bathroom oh my god this is actually so
bad Wow you know what it wasn't too bad
when it was just this small pile but
once we brought out the camera equipment
now it's just like okay it's no
judgement oh my god should I use all
this equipment to do to do my makeup
this morning on my vlog oh my god hey
wait is okay like we should zoom you in
a little bit
I felt like Princess Diaries when she's
like taking off her glasses like oh you
know what I need to do guys I want to do
that right now
I really want to hon I really want to
switch this makeup compartment thing
hold on with this makeup thing because
this is actually way more meant for like
makeup and stuff this is actually
jewelry containers that's why they have
this black thing at the bottom and these
drawers are a little more flimsy like
they're kind of hard to push in and I
really want to switch it I don't know if
I have time cuz I really need to get
ready because I forgot my hair
appointment
bye I also bail out do this the tyrants
hold on realistically realistically okay
I have to leave in 45 minutes okay let's
do it we'll do it really really really
really quick
okay so I actually wasn't able to put
everything in here because I need to get
another one of these but for now I'm
just gonna keep the smaller one on top
so that way cuz like I still have so
much stuff like it just didn't fit these
doors are already so much better like
it's gonna be so easy
I'm already obsessed oh my god so for
now there's the new organized makeup
which honestly I'm already so excited
about so glad I did it it only took like
five minutes but it you know what okay
now I literally can't talk I have to do
my makeup I'm just gonna do something
like really really quick so uhm let's do
that
make is done I know it doesn't look like
it's done I really I didn't put on any
eyeshadow and I also didn't put on any
lashes so that's why if you think
something looks off it's probably both
of those things together honestly I
really just got a good I have exactly 17
minutes so I have to go I would love to
eat change we're going very natural
although it's not natural is one of
those looks that are like no makeup
makeup looks I feel like I tried on the
brows today they're not amazing they're
not horrible but they're just not
amazing but um it's okay I actually have
a brow pointman later because I need to
fix this you can't see it but I need to
fix it anyways let's go get ready
okay so I just got to my hair salon and
I'm actually really excited because my
hair's gotten so long genuinely guys it
may not look like it but it's gotten so
long especially when it's straight it's
like I'll insert a picture I genuinely
was so shocked at how long my hair is
gotten do a trim and I might go a little
brighter I'm not sure we're gonna I'm
gonna talk to her and see what we should
do but so yeah I'm gonna go in and I'm
gonna update you guys real soon and
people are saying me yeah
oh my god you guys I'm obsessed with
this I needed a haircut so bad I don't
even realize how bad I needed it until
literally I just got it done
I felt so weird not seeing me with like
lashes on them I can literally feel
myself being vlog shy because I'm by
myself and there's no one around it's so
funny I'm just ready for my car
that's thing yo you guys I literally am
obsessed I didn't realize how long my
hair was alive said that so many times
this vlog but seriously like I don't
know I'm just like I'm fully loving it
so much shorter but yet it's not that
much shorter but yet it's like I just
feel like when your hair isn't that
awkward in-between one inch can do the
biggest difference ever anyways LA
traffic is amazing so I'm gonna drive
home and hopefully it won't take too
long
oh my gosh you got me sweet green pink
do you guys remember when I tweeted that
I was at the gym and the only thing
getting me through my workout was the
thought that I could go to sweet green
and then I actually came out and
realized that they were closed for two
more hours I never got sweet green after
that thank you so much Josh if you don't
know what it is it's basically like a
Chipotle style salad place and it is so
freakin good
do you like my hair you notice anything
different I literally like it was so I
didn't realize how long at all ass I
want to show them the tile then the tile
I want to show them the tile okay so you
guys literally today we just got new
samples for the fireplace and Ashley and
I are like deciding which one we like I
wanted to show you guys every single
time you are a perfectly prudent like I
don't have a makeup on I don't even have
a lashes all right so question of the
day which tile do you like better I'm
gonna number them so you guys can tell
on which ones which but we have four
options this reminds you when we are
picking paint colors oh my god yes we
have an array of options to what we
originally had but a little bit lighter
but should we why would you make me do
more okay here we have the first tile
option it's very similar to what we
originally had it's not that we don't
like that one that one is just one shade
lighter than what's up here so it'll
still look good but be a little lighter
so does it good up here is the next
option this one we like a lot on it is
very glossy however I don't know how I
don't I'm not a fan of all the gloss
yeah I'm not a fan of it it's too shiny
but it's real she's coming and it's
really bright in this one it's really
bright in this room thinking more so
though for filming you'll see like the
reflection of like a ring light or
something you name it and then we have a
Z swamp smaller my arms are happy our
next option is this which I actually
like a lot I actually do out of all of
these so far I feel like this is my
favorite however looks very far now see
which is great I love it except our
house doesn't have that vibe I don't
know if it was it kind of does that one
come in and be if it came in a bigger
like this size square but like man that
would be sick I would love that but it
is really strange
yeah they should haha like if it took up
this entire that would be cool and also
I feel like there are some shimmer some
spectral shimmery ready
no no but therefore this is the most I
think earthy option I think so and it's
a big it's marble but it has a lot of
like pretty grades and like specks of
dark dark specks that I like a lot so if
you ever like wanted to get rid of the
pink you know we'd blend in really well
so then this is like one of our picture
frames with the pink I honestly like all
of these I think my least favorite is
number one our tattoo number two only
because it's so shiny but if it came in
matte I'm not a pose oh my god you guys
okay do you like one two three or four
humming it below and oh my god maybe
we'll finally it's Oh sup guys I just
edited this vlog and I figured I should
end it do you guys like when I in logs
do not like it let me know because I'm
just let me know okay
