good morning I look so cute right now
wait I actually look horrible with a
middle part let me actually try to fix
it
she's okay I feel like I made it worse
but it's cool being close you know I
don't like this angle all that work
you're not liking it I actually got my
butt out of the freakin bed this morning
went to the gym came home took a shower
as you can probably tell we're gonna
start the day and we have some coffee
which is a necessity
shout out to glam glow because it looks
like they have a new what is this
protect your skin from pollution star
potion and clarifying well hmm thank you
hello
wait it is on manual focus oh no it was
on the wrong focus all time anyways I'm
gonna stop procrastinating and go
upstairs and put some makeup on this
face I'm probably gonna meet up with me
later we're gonna get some editing Dawg
better go get ready it smells really
good ash woo woo let's put some makeup
on this
and makeup is not done so my eyelash
who's downstairs I gotta get that also
my lip stuff is in my backpack
downstairs so makeup it's not done but
these brows are done and you guys I
literally I've gotten so much better my
brows and it makes me so freakin happy
because I just you know I thought I
never would be able to and now here I am
doing things I never thought I could do
and just like happy anyways I need a
change I kinda yeah I mean I need a
change but I thought snow they've won
though where no it's great is you guys
can't see how hmm you just see how clean
it is up here anyways I'm down to wear
something come let's move you guys right
here that is better actually nope this
is why sometimes law you can be really
hard for this reason guys literally like
we I would like this thing anyways I
need figure out I don't know where to be
a feel a moment wait wait wait idea hold
on okay we need some shorts this is
literally not supposed to be in here
shake your skirt I could do a skirt
that's cute
like vlogging would be so much easier if
I could multitask better like I
literally can't think of a conversation
right now while I'm focusing on putting
this necklace off we went with a feel a
moment today shall we do an outfit of
the day you know you like don't really
see the full outfit until afterwards I
still need to put lip gloss on that's a
thing like I said we have a feel a
moment top is from Fila got it from
Urban Outfitters oh my god this is a
full Urban Outfitters outfit skirt is
from Urban Outfitters and these shoes
are also from Urban Outfitters and they
are Fela we tried to match do you see
what I did also I got these on necklaces
on Sunday when I went to Z the the flea
market the Rose Bowl yeah they look so
freakin cute on like I love them okay I
really need put on some lipstick then I
need to pack up my backpack we can head
out blue oh my god also tell you guys ah
should we tell them what we're gonna do
well what I've been doing you haven't
really been helping too much not gonna
like the saying uh the
we just started so I don't know
I bought film but you didn't take the
thought sitting down I know you didn't
oh my god yeah okay so Ashley and I it
well as you guys know we redid our
office and we freaking love it it's just
our obsessed
there was one wall that us and Shera
even said that like isn't finished cuz
initially we had talked about doing a
peg pegboard and everything so we really
wanted like an inch before doing over
here so she did this but we all agreed
that like oh maybe we could do something
else in the future it was like a time
shake thing that we had so we were like
okay let's wait long story so I had the
idea and I fully want to go full force
with it I want this entire wall and I
mean from the top to the freaking bottom
to be a whole Polaroid wall we have some
Polaroids I really want to do the wide
ones like this so now I kind of just
need to get about you know roughly I
don't know what do you think two or
three hundred Polaroids and I feel like
it's gonna look really stupid if we
don't have at least the majority of the
wall done so right now our goal is just
to stock up and get a whole bunch of
photos and Polaroids so we're using the
wide one I think it'll look really cool
if they're all the same way the same
direction and just evenly spaced out on
the wall like just like Polaroid do you
know they I mean I'm so excited but yeah
so Ashley it is our freaking goal
promise me we're gonna start carrying
this camera with us everywhere just to
get some good content is but really
gonna start carrying three cameras with
us everywhere yeah we're gonna need our
vlog camera picture camera and another
Polaroid camera I'm gonna bring this to
the coffee shop because yeah and we can
get a few no content over there so let
me tell you guys about our new decor
there's always some decorating things
going on in this house
okay bye yeah gotta move the hammock so
we can mow the grass Oh how's my workout
for the day
guess you finally got her freaking car
tripod back in her car
yeah I've been meaning to bring this
tripod back in my car for probably eight
months now
so just got to the coffee shop Mia
actually said she wasn't feeling well so
she ended up staying home but John
Murray was gonna meet us so meeting John
Murray
we're gonna get some work done we're
gonna edit we're gonna get beeper
docketed also really hot my car cuz I
turn off the air oh we're good
oh my god this looks so freakin good
laughter and it's so good I will say
it's not as good as Alfred you think
they don't have vanilla sweet your hair
but it felt pretty good yeah we're gonna
be productive
so I have been here for I think almost
three hours now we've gotten so much I
did it so much editing I did a lot of
emails and
just we're getting moves done oh and I
also got some Polaroid I'm gonna show
you guys I got some Polaroids for our
poor do we got put this one on Twitter
and then I just had John Murray take it
with this one
I talk to you guys I think I'm done here
I'm so freaking also that's the second
time that I dropped my camera like that
like a very amateur bloggers have you
even moved since I've gotten home got
some more Polaroids for the wall yeah
gasps cute yeah I saw this on your insta
story wait we should take like a family
photo family photo who do you want a
family photo you wanna take a family
photo for our wall ready all right let
me come this one yeah okay oh my god I
really hope that this is gonna turn out
so there's our family photo and I feel
like I look hideous in it but it's also
I may or may not have ordered some sushi
because I'm so hungry and I was craving
it it sounded so good so that should
hopefully be here any second actually I
don't know I don't get how you've been
sitting in the same spot also she moved
these chairs like she brought those
chairs over there and brought these old
chairs back in do we like you know what
it is these are just so much better for
your back like when you're sitting in
here for four hours editing that's so
much more comfier than these yeah
they're but like those look better I
don't know we're playing with it so if
you're wondering why the chairs are
different that's why update time it is a
lot later it is currently 10:40 p.m. and
I'm hoping to get up early so I can go
to the gym or be productive or something
like that in the morning but anyways our
time to end this vlog thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you super
soon with anyone bye
