hello everyone and welcome to today's
vlog today we are having an Ikea
adventure because we're in IKEA and IKEA
is always an adventure and a squad hi
hello so removed into a new office so
she needs some stuff I'm here for moral
support
always here for your emotional emotional
support and moral see where I get
confused between all the different white
shelves
oh my god guys I'm such a mood my outfit
is comfy it looks like I'm in the Gucci
store I'm literally just like yes okay I
love IQ because it reminds me of moving
which are great memories I used to have
bunk beds I was on top in my life yeah
guys you remember our coffee table in
our apartment this was like the first
coffee table we got oh my god that makes
me so happy
so there's like so many people around
right now and Remi is having a photo
shoot we're doing great sweetie oh my
god REM this is gonna be you pee pee
headquarters Wow
I love you I miss you this just feels so
right he only wants me for me I'm here
to thank you remember when you guys are
taking up photobooth pictures I was like
yeah this is why we can't go anywhere
ever cuz we always just want content
baby content Oh what is happening Oh
stretching we all need a good stretch
sometime no meatballs the restaurants
closed oh yes yeah
oh my god this was also the beauty guru
bed you had this I didn't have this I
know Lindsey how do I know Sierra had it
I hope everyone had it with the fairy
lights oh my god I had these too Wow
Marmite being all this told you my mouth
dad Wow I'm really hungry
baby can't you see
sorry Queen Britney okay but like who
else had this in kindergarten and was it
not the best thing ever
good morning oh no I forgot we're still
out so I don't really like this coffee
and this is decaf we're just gonna turn
that back off but bless it looks like I
actually made some coffee so yay good
morning everyone I'm definitely gonna
have to make more hello and welcome to
the second part of this vlog I think
also no I feel like my hair is probably
crazy I have no idea so we'll just
pretend it's not crazy
happy Saturday guys today I actually
just have a ton of editing to get done
and I'm pretty much free all day until
later tonight so I wasn't gonna walk
because to me I was like Alicia that's
boring people don't want to see you at
it all day but one I don't know maybe it
is interesting and
I never Army's gonna come over and then
I have that IKEA vlog from yesterday so
I figured I'll do this on one anyways
good morning so I'm pretty much gonna be
sitting right here for like 10 hours
wait it's 10:25 okay let's see what time
if I get done girl guys one of the best
things I ever did was learn how to like
connect to have a dual monitor it will
change your editing life ah so good so
basically while I'm uploading a vlog I
can also be editing a vlog over here
which is just freakin productive guys we
love update time it is currently 1:20
I've really got nothing done but I'm
actually gonna head over to Remy's
instead of her coming here and we're
just gonna edit there and stuff so I'm
gonna pack up right now yes let's do it
and like I said it's 120 and I'm still
in my PJs so this is a look
wheel of the video that I'm editing
right now is really hoping to get up
tomorrow but I realize how much footage
I actually had so I feel like it
probably won't get up tomorrow and I'm
actually really excited this tomorrow
I'm seeing Alicia my best one from high
school and normally I would just stay
home and edit all day Saturday but I
haven't he seen her in so long and I
really want to see her and hang out with
her and not edit while we're together so
probably won't get it up tomorrow for
that reason okay with that we're trying
to live you know I'm like Alicia it's
not gonna kill you if your video doesn't
go up on a sunday like it can go up on a
Monday or Tuesday although by the time
you guys see this ball because I have
another vlog that needs to go up I feel
like it'll be up so if it is I uploaded
wearing different youtubers merch and
acting like them for a deck she got it
you guys my glasses are broken
guess who remembered her car tripod I
know this is a beautiful moment it's a
beautiful day it's amazing how this
should completely stay in my car right
that makes sense cuz it's a car tripod
and for whatever reason it always ends
up back inside and I always don't have
it when I need it but we brought it back
and major priorities we need some coffee
before we go to REMS okay priorities
everything sucked in beach now I'm just
playing
