good morning guys what is up oh my god I
am so freaking excited because as you
can tell by this title um I have
literally like two hours put on home
I have almost exactly two hours until
the car is coming to pick me up it's
coming at noon it's almost 10:00 so yeah
I have a lot to do still because I tend
to procrastinate with things so you need
to finish packing I just uploaded a vlog
yes need to finish packing have to do
laundry so this is the current packing
situation let's see I still need to pack
socks beauty stuff like skin care I'm so
freaking excited hey Siri how do you say
I'm going to Paris in French Jew vos
jeux Pasiphae
I'm literally such a nerd we're going I
so freaking excited Who am I - oh I did
make a quick target stop just to get a
few little random things like I went
into so fast I got a little travel
container kits got some gum some
deodorant and more travel stuff
oh and clearly some checks mix you know
for the plane we need snacks got makeup
wipes
we got a converter we got these like
dried strawberry things they're so good
didn't get these from Target but I got
like a travel sized hairspray and my
favorite like volumizing spray instant
target haul this cute I know I'm like
super late on this whole like a bike
short trend thing but I really do like
it but I can't decide if I'm liking the
white no I don't know I wanted to become
for the airplane no I'm not sure I feel
like I kind of like the black I feel
like honestly adding shoes changes
everything I decided on the black Jews
helps a lot though I'm not gonna lie
like I feel like the shoes really
finished the outfit but overall I just
like I'm kind of fill in the black more
I don't know that's the OOTD today I
think I'm also gonna pack the matching
sweats to this jacket for the for the
flight just cuz it gets really cold
welcome to my bathroom
okay so currently packing okay OOP
that's way too bright okay um so I
definitely
need to put my shampoo and conditioner
and my travel-size thing also guys this
is like hilarious but Ashley sat in my
sink totally freaking a bro I don't know
I feel like most people like they'll sit
on their counter and put their feet in
so my thing's been broken for about like
two weeks now which is hilarious but
this shampoo up in her condition
purp wow this bag is actually massive
okay here we go okay I still need oh my
god I still need to pack my curling iron
gonna numb that that and that oh my gosh
it's getting real so we got the laptop
we got notebook we got headphones sweats
chargers but most importantly we need
some snacks we got those strawberries we
got some gummy bears some more gummy
bears some chicks mix and I'm looking
pretty good hello pretty girl come here
I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you
yeah are you gonna be with your
grandparents are they gonna stay here
yeah oh okay
also really could use my sandals and
don't know where those are oh so it is
currently 11:50 p.m. t-minus 10 minutes
where the car is coming I really wanted
to show you guys this because it was the
cutest thing ever so yesterday but if it
actually sent a package but a whole
bunch of really cute stuff came with
this cute letter and it has like a
ticket slash itinerary for us and then
it came with this pink Adidas tracksuit
and it has matching pants and it has
these matching pants actually have these
in Navy you guys have seen me wear them
all the time then it came with this neck
pillow and it's actually hilarious
because I was in desperate need of a new
neck pillow and this is like one of my
favorite kind and then it also came with
a little passport cover and then it also
had this really cute case with a whole
bunch of benefit products in its side so
freaking cute and of course it's a
little like hat box because we're going
to Perry and they also just sent ten
sentence oh do you see this is so
freaking cute it says has my name on it
it says benefit err friends yeah I'm
going to Fran with benefit I'm bringing
around me
I'm so freaking excited because not only
are we getting a free full paid for a
trip to France it's even business class
and I like am freaking out because Paris
has been on my list like no other
Mia and I went to Paris but was only for
a day I did vlog that if you remember
ever since then I knew I would go back
and I've been dying to go actually the
Greece trip that I went on if you
remember that this looks oh I talked
about initially when I had those gift
vouchers to use I wanted to go to Paris
we ended up choosing Greece instead so
I'm just so excited because I wanted
this to happen for so long and I feel so
blessed and honored that they were
finding me loke I'm kind of like the
only non makeup person that they invited
and I don't really know like why you
invited me but thank you benefit you the
best anyway yeah so I really wanna take
a cute little boomerang with this gonna
be so freaking cute I think I might wear
this hat the cool factor just kind of
goes up a level with it you know ya know
so here's the full o o TD hat is from
Nike sweatshirt is from pretty little
thing shorts are from pretty little
thing as well my shoes are from Fila I
don't know if I'm even sewing there
they're just like super chunky shoes
that's the airplane OOTD Chloe you did
we jump up here you never jump up here
I'm yeah I'm literally in the car and
I'm on my way
oh okay yeah I'll see you soon bye
it was so exciting thing yeah
dude where's my croissant first I wanted
chocolate croissant I bought you
oh my god I'm so freaking excited
we're going to Paris
oh my god this is literally where we
told teryn that we had business class
hey Irene this is deja vu it's like this
same exact terminal that would wait to
integrate
we just got to our seats we got a 10
hour it's like yeah I'm ready with me
getting ready with me so we just got on
the plane we're gonna take out soon so I
have a lot of editing to do so that's
the plan we just landed I slept so good
I'm really hungry
