good morning guys what is up and welcome
to the vlog today so I was just about to
start getting ready for Monday and then
I hear freaking thunder outside I have
my glue so today is actually going to be
a filming go and I'm pretty excited for
it I'm actually gonna try out this new
primer and this is from Peter Thomas
Roth I don't know I just like open one
of my makeup drawers and saw this and it
says it is while absorbing mattifying
and pore minimizer and we all know I
would love my pores to be a little
smaller than they are well maybe I
didn't know that but it's your house
okay this is weird
dang it I keep dropping it wait this is
trippy I don't know how to explain it
very silicone II huh when the Thunder
just sounds like my stomach Brown really
hoping this works out definitely need to
put on foundation
okay so for today I really would love to
film I need to go to target already
uploaded a vlog snaps Lolita look he
just gonna like quickly get ready I
don't need to be like full glam today
look good but nothing crazy I felt like
I've just been working so much lately
I'm so excited to show you guys did you
hear the Thunder do you hear it please
some of you hear it okay update well
first makeup is pretty much done just
got to put on some lips as usual first
impressions of this new primer like I
like it I feel like my skin looks really
smooth and I honestly did have a really
sucky job at applying my foundation
today I just put it on so quick with a
brush I was honestly like way too lazy
to freaking clean my Beauty Blender so I
just use a dirty brush instead why does
that make sense to me I don't really
know why it does it doesn't at all but
we'll try this out all day and let you
guys know I like it we can see you guys
be the judge does my skin look oily in
three hours we'll see have a double shot
of espresso over ice and a tall cup it's
all that'll be it for you today yes
thank you you're nervous do you like
hold your hands weird I already know the
answer to this I play with my nails I go
like this subconsciously or I play with
my rings and you're playing with the see
if I happen to have my phone in my hand
I'm constantly opening and closing my
pop socket yeah I noticed you holding
your seat bone that's all yeah we're at
the bass plays aka Starbucks it's been a
bit it has been a bit gonna finish me
lips oh oh wait I need to show you guys
this okay so I got this from its Marc
Jacobs but I got it from Sephora bond it
is game-changing so review in the car
it's basically one of their hydrating
lip gloss stick I've already showed
Ashley this I was amazing mocha
chocolata is the shade that I got but
ready for this like it looks just like
their lip glosses but woah you just
twist it and it's the stick and you put
it on I don't know you can see it's like
almost like a full like it I don't even
know it expand it it looks like you
spent time putting lipstick and lip
gloss on and it's hydrating I don't know
I'm just like I'm obsessed so again not
sponsored just actually obsessed and I
love the packaging cuz it looks like a
lip gloss but it's no
is it really bright today also it's
still loving the primer so far you did
it with one try changing it up we got an
iced green tea unsweetened no where to
now ash target so good I know you guys
are there all the time but I actually
have to go yeah no we haven't been in a
while I just feel like every bug is
shopping adventures in target late-night
target of interest reaches in target
we're not gonna forget every single
thing that we need to get and kind of
have a list I'm gonna remember I'm not
gonna forget I'm gonna write it down
yeah targeted vengeance I just ran into
Katherine I felt so bad because your
phone guide you wanted a photo so boom
good all kinds of travel sides good good
news didn't get a broken cart this time
you guys I am literally just turning the
corner and I see the entire freakin back
to school section
I felt shook I felt triggered I was just
like oh my god yeah school easy man oh
my god this feels so weird like father
feels also I think it was exactly a year
ago yesterday but I uploaded my first
kaliesha video last year like I say this
every single freaking year but why our
school supplies so cute now like this
was all that we had I'm literally aging
myself as I say all this but for real
man I'm like that's not cool why do I
have like a crazy obsession with
stationary and school supplies like
genuinely I don't just do back to school
videos for like using crap but like I
genuinely am obsessed it's not healthy
oh my god so cute oh my god oh my god
wait they have this like pesto
collection oh I need this is so freaking
slow keep getting a basketball and if
any of you can guess the exact reason
why I'm getting it
I may or may not give you a virtual hug
I was trying to think what I could give
you guys but I kind of like couldn't
think of anything but um who got the
goods
who got the goods we got the goods not
100% certain where we first ash are we
annoying where's your car
very my battery may die fYI I found it
ash I found it
- what what's the point of having your
tea if you just doing I don't want to
carry it state we are back from Target
and we may or may not be filming
something something I almost have no
idea when this is gonna go up looks
great ash I think this is definitely
part two of this vlog what does that be
guys welcome to today's vlog definitely
combined with tomorrow yesterday so what
is up you guys I've kind of haven't been
vlogging as much lately but I explained
in my last vlog if you saw that it's a
little behind the scenes in photo shoots
of everything with my rebranding she had
all that fun stuff and so we haven't
seen that link in the description box
you should watch that also you should
definitely watch my new at main channel
video for some reason you've just not
been on social media then you wouldn't
know I'm back on my main channel and I'm
so excited yesterday I actually had the
official relaunch comeback and it was so
exciting and so much fun kind of
freaking out I'm not gonna lie I
actually have footage of me putting the
video public and freaking out
don't take one more time or how I put it
up you guys okay okay it's cool I'm
literally I think I'm going to put it
back to my god this is the most
unflattering angle ever okay I'm gonna
put okay I'm good I'm good I'm gonna go
okay like so excited / nervous but like
excited like more excited kind of
nervous so I'm uploading at the first
video back on my main channel kind of
freaking up oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god no I don't know
okay I'm good I'm good okay oh my god
I'm like low-key kinda shaking I feel
like there's 2,000 views what that's why
I'm freaking out he's never going back
what if I didn't do the right like
filter or like what if the music's too
loud or like I figured you guys would
enjoy to see that and I kind of want to
just to also have that memory for me
because I'm know is just so fun I was
literally freaking out also I don't know
if you noticed in that footage but we
had a very old familiar guest that you
guys may remember if you are an OG and
I'm talking like oh oh oh oh gee Mac
baby's leash scar don't you remember
because when she tagged me oh yeah there
ya guys Felicia
yes we have the same when a best friends
in the high school middle school in high
school I haven't seen her in so long and
she came over so she's been here for the
past few days and we've just been
hanging in and what's crazy we haven't
seen each other in three years it's like
nothing literally nothing changed like
it's kind of weird like it's actually
kind of weird but it's like cool I love
it I don't know that's true friendship
yo you you did meet Chloe forever ago I
wonder yeah she could fit it in the palm
of my hand she's not so bad it's old but
I wonder if a vlog the last time we had
Disneyland I might well ya know you
didn't end up putting it up I didn't
know dang so we're gonna go get some
coffee yeah let's do I introduced her to
Alfredo
we've had it we've gone like almost like
we've gone we're gonna go do that are
you ready I'm ready
I'm so excited it's really hot when the
parking meters already paid for
snap screw the prick every single time I
wear these jeans they rip more and more
and more we got the good is it not the
best coffee ever it is better than
Starbucks
I stopped going to Starbucks it's like I
still grow but like not as much and it's
because of the today's Starbucks got oat
milk you guys I literally just filmed a
huge pretty little thing Hall that I'm
actually gonna have on my IG TV hello
guys I think it's my first i GT VY it
literally bought so much stuff I've
actually never posted anything on my
Instagram TV thing yet wait this cricket
hold on hold hold on yeah I like I don't
know I always come home on this channel
and I know you guys love it I was just
like I think I've been doing a little
too many halls so I filmed it it's on my
Instagram TV I'm hoping to get it up
before you see this video so I'm gonna
have it linked in the description box
but yeah is my first IG TV I've never
done any so let me know if you guys want
to see more on there but here's a little
sneak peek oh it's really everything
everything I got oh yeah watch something
like
Alysha like is always beatboxing and
it's like the funniest thing ever that's
actually really good what I feel like
people actually don't know that I'm
always making beats okay the coolest
thing ever to be able to say like I'm a
musician especially a drummer you know
or a drummer maybe you'll see my skills
one day hey guys what's up so I realized
I totally never ended this vlog so I
just wanted to end it right now um but
yeah thank you so much watching and I
will see you really soon with a new one
