good morning guys how are you
so today's Thursday night I was trying
to guess the date I'm guessing September
29th yeah what yeah so I wanted to vlog
today today it's such a hectic crazy
crazy day and I feel like this state of
my apartment definitely reflects that
stress and craziness
it is so messy we have costumes we have
DIY my room is a mess as you can
probably there's just so much stuff
everywhere
yeah it's kind of crazy so today's vlog
may be like crazy hectic scattered but I
was like you know what I want to vlog
and this also might be my last home vlog
for a while and those are my favorite
vlogs as I come we're gonna do it we're
gonna do it so yeah question of the day
what did you have for breakfast common
in below I had a green smoothie I should
have blogged it but I didn't think about
it in hunt the green smoothie and it was
really really really good come below
question speaking of Stacey is also
apparently something a really exciting
National Coffee Day although I swear we
just had a National Coffee Day actually
let's talk about that
I feel like national it's always
national something day every single day
national puppy day comes like three
times a year to I mean honestly it's an
excuse to have more coffee than normal
today so I'm good with that
dun dun dun dun sir oh yes oh yes makes
me so happy totally was not kidding
about my room being a actual disaster
promise you won't judge me no judgement
for you oh man okay anyways we're about
to do my makeup get ready and while I'm
getting ready for today I'm gonna start
also packing I leave for New York
tomorrow morning so so early we're
filming all day today which I'm actually
excited to film it's been a long time
since I've film so am i doing right now
I need to make a tripod for you here by
now I would have like a distinct spot
for my vlog camera Oh
oh my gosh this kind of works except you
can see how messy my room is Frick I
always have my blog here so much you
figure I'd have a spot right okay go to
watch some YouTube videos on this is
actually like me I'm gonna
oh my god so much better oh I feel like
a new person
Wow oh yes so lately I've been trying
the new Smashbox Studios skin 15-hour
we're hydrating foundation and I
actually kind of like it although I do
think it's the only foundation I have
right now in my skintone yeah makeup is
done hair is done I am so de sighs I'm
so good so I just filmed the intro for
this video it's gonna be going up Sunday
so get really excited here's the makeup
loving the brows I feel like they're on
fleek today like extra honestly I used
to be really bad at doing my eyebrows
not to brag I feel like I've gotten
pretty good our friend Tiffany's gonna
be coming over and she's gonna help us
film today so you'll see her she was in
the awkward situations for summer video
so you'll totally recognize her here and
might meet up with us later but yeah
it's gonna be a good one don't be good
don't be great and I still need a pack
that's it also I've no idea what I'm
wearing this weekend which is a problem
the big problem I am so young so I think
I'm going to start packing so let's get
out the suitcase Oh No here we go here
okay also I never showed you guys this
but I actually got some stuff from Nasty
all the other day I got this choker I
got this really cool like holographic
e-type choker these sunglasses which I'm
actually obsessed with and then just a
black leather baseball hat so I'm gonna
wear that in the plane tomorrow but yeah
I figured I'd show you some of my new
accessories oh I also got this jacket
which I'm loving us like a bomber jacket
it's so pretty I love it
also pretty sad because this skirts that
I got from Topshop remember I was really
excited about it it was really tight and
I was like dang like I know I gained
some weight recently but I didn't
realize I gained that much weight
recently but I just realized that I
accidently got a size too small that's
what happened there hopefully I can go
return this actually really really wants
it exchanged it like I don't want to
return it on exchange because I love
this here like it fit but it's pretty
tight but it fit you know it's that's
why I'm like hopefully I can return that
today have something else any return so
if I can go to the mall today that would
be amazing amazing knots Oh
figure it out guys we got a package and
it's from Tarte which makes me really
excited because they have amazing snap
cake
it's a brush set oh my gosh actually
really needed a new brush haha this
honestly looks really nice and I like
how it's like it was magnetic magnetic
what is married I was like how is it
magnetic with the brushes but you can
put basically your own eyeshadows if you
have I shadow that are depotted like
with the magnet on them you can stick
them here is that what you have your
eyeshadow palette here I'm super excited
for these this is so cute thanks guys
got some food actually brought back
Panera and save is here yay I told them
that they'll recognize you from the last
video
little camera try but we'll get there
end of the day you'll be like non-stop
talking baby damage is so obvious with
this costume is and yes I'm saying
Halloween costumes because it's a very
obvious of this video is I am loving it
so much oh my gosh so obviously ash and
we are do something we already filmed
with one of the costumes follow me on
snapchat you already know what that one
is and I loved that one so I honestly is
really happy with how all of them have
turned out like side bow fat but we're
gonna go film is gonna be awesome you
guys get behind the scenes in this vlog
so if you want to see us look like
idiots in public trying to film a
Halloween costume video and tree fern
tree spotted a wild Pikachu and a wild
man
okay hey guys Ashley I'm taking over the
vlog camera because hilarious stuff is
happening
I am currently Pikachu and that is a
wild Charmander in the wild being caught
by ash the Pokemon catcher Pikachu so
just finish the Pokemon one and what's
funny guys is when you watch it look so
legit on camera up close this is the
most ghetto thing I've ever seen of it
but tape we already got yelled there was
a car driving by they wrote in their
window and I'm not gonna say what they
said cuz I was really rude but they said
you freakin weirdo you're freaking this
is currently happening this is like my
favorite one guys my childhood dreams
are coming true such things are helping
you mean like that thank you
I don't know what I said that means so
much you de bez vlog take over tearing
it ashame guys I have missed you talk I
feel like it would have looked better
with my own hair this makeup doe the
literally night time as you guys can
probably tell and it's officially dark
like dog anyways that's a wrap on
filming super excited about that and yes
now we're gonna go home pack for my
flight in the morning
also this outfit I'm loving it up
daytime so we're back home make this off
I have to go get a spray tan so nice to
meet me I'm gonna be looking over the
butt bye guys damn we're back boom that
was crazy right yeah literally now it's
currently midnight and currently packing
and getting some packing done so I have
no idea what I'm wearing this weekend so
that's a problem
that's cool figured out um and yes
that's going on you're making packing
progress which is really exciting
yes Yost
