good morning guys how are you
so today is Friday I can't even tell you
what day it is but it's currently really
early I think it's like 5:15 right now
in the morning and I'm getting ready to
leave for the airport my backpack have
my suitcase I'm just going to grab a few
more things and then I think we are
ready to go if you didn't know if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog actually I
are going to New York for the weekend
we're going for a festival which I'm
really excited for and to make it even
better and Nicky and Jerry are gonna be
there so yeah we have the whole weekend
together it's gonna be awesome I'm like
really excited even though it was
literally just in New York a few days
ago I'm basically gonna be living in New
York the next three weeks two weeks see
a lot of me there but yeah anyways let's
let's do this here's my airplane oh t D
we have a hats from urban choking from
urban jacket from Topshop shirt is from
forever 21 leggings are from Marshalls
and then white Adidas yeah yeah
you're getting nice board and I'm
suiting for Ashley because she went to
go hit coming right so don't noise she
are you excited tenets for this week and
how do you feel about getting the first
class I feel like I don't prolong
what what
what
do you sleep good
got our luggage we're at New York about
five Emmys we're currently on our way to
the hotel
I'm excited to see Nikki and Jerry we're
gonna get sushi sushi they haven't
really seen you money we're gonna in
homeroom yes proud of you so proud of
you
good morning everyone how are you doing
I decided to combine these vlogs because
once we got here honestly like I don't
even know what happened I just totally
forgot to vlog that's combined but we
woke up and we are in New York what is
this the Bowery Hotel never been here
before it's really cool I want to give
you guys a hotel room tour literally
guys okay so Nicky and Jerry are here
and Ashley and me at meet what but let's
brighten this since Nicky and Jerry are
here too instead of getting two separate
rooms we're like yo guys let's just get
a suite because it'll cost the exact
same amount of money as getting a suite
versus two separate rooms you know what
I mean you know I mean this place is
beautiful
Nicky can I come blog in there but you
walk in this is the front door and
normally these can be two separate rooms
but you close this one door and now it's
like I'll combine so in here is Nicky's
room
oh hi Nicky how are you I just I'm about
to yeah so you have one room in here
lovely hallway and then we have the
living room just huge awesome freaking
sweet there's some snack TV living room
here's the bathroom at the shower is
crazy it's amazing and then there's this
huge tub in the middle which is awesome
and then it opens up to the bedroom over
there did you do here's a ratchet me hey
it's so cute I love it there's an Ashley
hi Ashley good morning ready here is our
view what this isn't even the best part
ready okay over here's the other bedroom
do to do and then the best part is we
have our own freakin a patio we didn't
even realize this and then when Ashlyn I
figured it out we like scream I'm not
even kidding our own private deck like
what is this it's just so crazy you have
to see the view it's beautiful
what casual so freakin casual oh my god
so pretty
look at the
oh my gosh I can't there's the Empire
State Building really like what is this
I like so better enough don't don't stop
my nuts
yeah this is awesome
definitely gonna hang out here a little
more had some coffee out here earlier
and yeah right now I'm actually going to
do the thumbnail for yesterday's vlog
because I want to get that up before is
today's ago hello coffee coffee just
makes me so happy yeah a new blog is up
but definitely go watch it and I found
out that my iPhone it was broken and I
had to go take it back into the store I
was really upset really sad so
definitely go watch it have my coffee
watching some vlogs so I'm gonna read a
lot of your comments right now
and I should probably get ready because
I gotta get really really excited it's
in Central Park so pretty you're so
pretty and the weather is today lighting
though my camera
hey guys so I just wanted to end this
vlog I honestly don't even remember the
last thing that I got but the festival
was so much fun if you haven't added me
on snapchat already definitely do that
because there were so many steps from
that good morning guys and welcome to
Sunday currently about to leave our
hotel room and luckily we don't have her
flight until 6 p.m. tonight so Ashley
are gonna explore the city and Jer you
don't have to like to like noonish so
we're gonna go shopping probably get
some food so excited gonna pick her up
early I'm with such a short friend a
naughty blonde I'm wearing booties do we
blog it looks so funny just look awkward
together like I know we're like best
friends like goodbye to this beautiful
view
goodbye I'm gonna miss you so much
okay I'm gonna miss our little Terrace
yay getting some food whereas he
butchered his daughter
juice bar and cafe New York kisses it's
so cute it's about it at Nikki and Jerry
in there somewhere you can't see it all
because it's so bright but I got some
tacos they looked fun getting that
snapchat tho yo we're going to eat yay
currently in Topshop shopping I got some
stuff well I'm gonna get some stuff that
happens to be all black which is very
shocking for Alicia
we're shopping we're shopping
we back in just like three people and we
got stuff
Nick and Jerry have to leave right now I
have no shame vlogging in the middle of
a crowd by Nikki yeah I feel like I'm so
cool like a couple was literally so much
fun I like I did nice so we just went to
Cafe Henry which is one my here at your
face
in New York City so we got some coffee
and now we're gonna go get some lunch
wait wrap this like vegan place and this
is a quinoa taco salad which looks
amazing Ashley got a salad excited so
excited
here
