good morning everyone welcome to the
vlog ash plans for the day
sushi errands mm-maybe and then I'm
really thinking I'm really thinking at
the time so you lied to me yesterday you
said it was six days last night you said
six days it was really five days
so apparently six days ago I told Ashley
that I would pick up all this stuff
and clearly six days later has happened
and today the day tonight today tonight
now two nine after sushi yes you've all
heard her she said yes ash I'm gonna try
today we're gonna cafe thanks for
driving at you know it's just my calling
in life it's just driving around
everywhere
you know me what's up guys welcome to
today's V log Ashley and I are gonna do
some errands we're gonna hopefully put
up the freaking frames in the hallway
that's on the list I'm just worried I
feel like we need someone like dad or
dad to like no no way sure we gotta go
on Pintrest no you gets a little a water
level thing we go on Pinterest find the
design make it strange and clean out the
dining room that's not fun it's really
become a meal that's not fun I kind of
has become available really over
yeah we need to clean mom like that
should be a priority over Frank no
frames do something fun and I won't you
know work inside we balance each other
quite well I'm just trying to get you to
clean up after yourself this is baby
steps we're starting with the clothes
okay on a real note this is why I don't
think I could live with anyone else
other than Ashley because we genuinely
balance each other so well for some
reason I feel like you're gonna get
married like next year even though
you're not dating anyone and like I'm
just gonna be like by myself like what
am I gonna do
gonna get some sushi yeah we come and
get some sushi
oh my god it's know you went to two
sushi place in they're both closed
they're never closed Ashley's a hate
Greek right now I'm gonna help it are we
here is she angry there's like the
medium hangry level that the average
human get Ashley gets like times 100 and
she gets so candy no no times 100 what
makes it even better is the fact that
she always denies it she gets so meager
so I'm a total fail and totally was
gonna like get some footage when we're
at sushi but all I got is this story
from Ashley but we are about to do a
taste test so I got this drink at my gym
this morning and I actually tried the
peach one the other day I really liked
it it's the Celsius live fit I don't
even know if this is healthy for you I
don't know if it's horrible for you but
I got this is the berry acai green tea
flavor and I really want to try it so
figured we'd do a little taste test
hold right me actually introduced this
to me and she let me try hers the other
day I think it was this flavor ooh
also I know everyone's banning straws
but I have a whole bunch in this drawer
I gotta use up so I'm just amazed them
up anyways what is this taste like
reminds me of childhood for some reason
like a popsicle or like a sucker flavor
oh my god oh my god oh my god I know
this is like is this the famous don't
Thea tell me what this tastes like
he's familiar does it taste like hold on
hold on hold on I know I know
the aftertaste tastes like the blue
bubblegum sucker
oh so use it I didn't say it on camera
yet I was gonna say this tastes exactly
like the blue raspberry blow hop sucker
after you would dip it in water and read
lick it am I right or am i right so
right and I love that you didn't tell me
I didn't tell you I didn't tell them I
knew oh I was like this tastes like my
childhood what is this not the first if
it's the aftertaste is he's so freakin
good okay that's all bye I've been
waiting for a package all day okay
anyways let me grab a zipper iPod buggy
has just gotten a little more
complicated over the years you know
gotta suck down the tripod I actually
have to do a thumbnail so I have a
little bit of work to get done I think
have a few emails too so I'm gonna do
that right
I didn't purposely do it what's the
password what that's not the password
okay I'm really literally thinking of
something and you have to guess it yeah
you can remember that time that Kylie
Jenner said that she loved pomegranate
see than everyone else in the world said
that they also loved pomegranate seeds I
wonder if they forgot that I just don't
hear anyone talk about it anymore you're
being sassy today I'm sorry
hashtag not sponsored we got a package
the only thing is it's not the package I
was wanting but like UPS still came
through oh my god away you guys so
excited for this okay so I have loved
poppin sig if you're so freaking long
their whole line is like you know what
can we just put you here but it's cool
okay I love them so much their whole
line is just my aesthetic and I know
what this is oh my god I'm so excited I
literally almost bought this basically
they did a collab but with Too Faced oh
my god this is so cute you guys have
definitely seen me wear their bags
before I literally almost bought this
this is so cute oh my god it's a
cosmetics case almost bought the bigger
version of this I'm obsessed when it
comes with the Too Faced mascara this is
so cute I'm literally going to use this
it won't hold all of my makeup because I
always travel with so much makeup but
this is so freaking cute oh my god now I
want the bigger one then I can have the
cutest makeup bags when I travel which
going on an exciting trip soon you'll
find out soon thank you to face Thank
You Papa Sookie this is amazing Congrats
on everything sorry I couldn't come to
the event I'm a flop update time it is
currently oh my god it's currently 8
o'clock on the dot yeah so I just wanted
to come on here and tell you guys that I
am currently editing what will be my
first video back on my channel
I don't know why but like I just gotta
like I know teary-eyed like watching it
like it puts me in such a good mood and
it makes me so happy and like I just I
don't know like oh like I literally just
tweeted it because I was just like oh my
god it's just like good vibes and it
makes me happy I was so nervous about
coming back because I felt like I was
hyping it up so much of like it's gonna
be amazing it's gonna be amazing and
like I'm actually proud of what I'm
about to put out and I like love it so
much and like oh okay that's all I
wanted to say just I'd update you guys
okay yes okay love you guys okay guys so
I just quickly wanted to end this vlog
because I realize it's a lot later it's
actually like 10:30 right now figured I
would end it thank you guys so much for
watching sorry if it's on the shorter
side but yeah I love you I'll see you
later bye please
