oh hey guys what up so as you know I've
been on tour haven't bought tickets yet
totally shut it link of the nail bar
we're about halfway done which is crazy
to think about you know what last night
I was thinking I should show you guys
some my essentials like some of things
that I've just been loving like a
favorites video but vlog style is gonna
be legit let's do this because there's
been plenty of things that I've been up
wait it'll be like tour edition yes
let's do it
city a little different than my normal
ones but let me know if you like it
because honestly I don't like it it's
like main channel video but not as
serious do you know what I mean oh my
gosh I've been obsessed with these these
are the bose ones they're like
soundproof which is crazy actually Remi
and mr. me Ashton had these and I she
had me listen to them and I was just
like literally obsessed with them
they're amazing and I love them so much
to actually bought these the other day
when we were at the mall we're at the
mall and I love these so much
yes they have like ones but they're out
of the white color so I was little sad
about that but I gots black and blue
ones put this thing on and it makes it
like soundproof which is crazy
I love them so much quick what are
things that you want to know that I like
okay so I tweeted that out right now
let's see what answers we get it
refreshing refreshing favorite music at
the moment favorite music right now I've
been loving closer with Chiara by the
chainsmokers with Halsey and I've been
loving m83 and I've been loving church's
favorite game um well well actually
because we've been on the road so much
I've been playing so many games on my
phone the one I've been using the most
is honestly best beans I've mentioned
this on my main channel before I forget
oh that was my summer what video was
that summer now versus then the one
where I Drive it drive like the the pink
cars I was I wasn't even on level 10 yet
this is kind of embarrassing like
awesome of how well I play it usually
every night before bed because it's just
like routine and stars literally on
level 41 what the heck okay so done Suns
and uh so yeah partnered with them
before and I'm actually partnering with
them again I do not like hiding that
from you guys but seriously it's such a
big game I'm not even kidding I play it
all the time and they're actually doing
a really cool treasure hunt right now
where there's hidden items throughout
the whole game and then once you collect
them all you can get a new character
which is really cool so if your end of
that there's actually a whole bunch of
clues on their Facebook page self
fulfilling to that the downbar also so
there's a whole bunch of clues on there
and I'm not sure if there's any Grey's
Anatomy fans watching this longer now
that Kate Walsh actually has some
slippers and that's a hint that's all
I'm gonna say but yeah it's definitely
download it it's really fun and yeah I
dare you to beat my level number three
wait if you guys download this and get
addicted and start playing it every
single day tweet me and let me know
because I'm gonna be like sorry not
sorry
and yeah be really funny different
dessert chocolate-covered strawberries
are life life like actually like chips
favorite chips um jalapeno the kettle
cooked jalapeno ones are heaven like the
other tier color blue or pink like like
they were likely like pink like pasta
these fairy lights yes honestly it makes
it like it makes this funk feels so much
like pewter and stuff and all of you
guys like fan art things that you make
have seriously been like so freaking
cute I love them this one's like right
by my bun so I wake up to every morning
and I see a little claw I love it
something with her yeah there's some
there's some there's some I feel like I
look kind of conceited with so many
pictures of myself in my own bunk but
it's not like that I saw body spray it's
easy for this place to smell really bad
so you just
brant spray yourself definitely just
like inhaled that smells good
shout-out to the subscriber that gave
this to me this is a beautiful day
fragrance my bath and Bodyworks and it
smells really good
Arella relegates building coffee are you
smoking oh I'm so happy right now
coffee this stuff
are you ready to take some booty hop
nigga KitKat perms eat them together
the best thing of like
so freaking good oh hey Nikki oh hi what
are some things that you've been loving
lately he's talky peanut butter cups
this handles because the bathroom
candles some love wonderful smells which
remind me remind me reminds me Wow a
subscriber gave me this
oh man felt so good have you seen me
talk about it for like the longest time
oh my mom it's great good it's like one
my favorite memories it's a boathouse
one I think I wasn't lying I had that
Island moonlight chills in the old door
I've gone through so many of these
candles they're rising in my apartment
shout out to Ana and McKenna
huh gonna make us not this is dr.
yo I love this I put it in my bunk
her favorite have a pasta angel-hair
pasta with marinara sauce it's like my
favorite of all time let's go have some
more coffee let's see what kind of
visual every time I go out of the bunkie
I'll just do a roll as I'm on the bottom
you just kind of like well that was a
really bad rule I'm sorry where'd
everyone go so what I want you to do is
leave me a comment below in this video's
tell me what your favorite things have
been what have you been loving what are
things that I really need to use whether
it's an app whether it's a perfume
whether it's makeup whether it's food
literally anything favorite song like
let me know all of your favorite things
in the comments of this video anyways
this is a random video I think I'm
actually gonna vlog like a normal blog
today because we have an off day so yeah
I love you guys and I'll see you guys
ghosting with another video
