shopping chills it was awesome acai
bowls and we're back in Portland today
and I'm sorry it's really confusing like
about using for us I'm using it for us
know at city rents you're probably like
wait where are you yes you want to get
something for later
seriously this looks so good I'm so
excited go into the best didn't in the
Denton hey guys update time so we're on
the bus we were getting ready niggas
here it looked beautiful you just leave
leg up and they are currently filming a
video so we're actually gonna be filming
right now he was logging it's when you
guys watch their video you like yo we
were kinda their ETA and career it
behind the scene but why
then on the back
that's for sure
like reflecting off the building boom
make a stunt and my hair actually sent
from yesterday still names gonna put
some dry shampoo nuts maybe like today
honestly honestly I hate doing heat to
it when I don't have to eat them ya know
check everyone was having so much boom
trigger because you guys are amazing
actually I need to show them to the back
of the bus the first hand witness rings
boob chicken so good three Titans right
Nikki tell us the secret I wear smoky
eyes all the time mom I never wear
normal I not really okay guys so this is
the back of the tour bus there's so many
amazing like gifts and presents you guys
did not have to I feel like I did this a
lot but I really want you to know like I
never expect you guys to like bring
anything like you never have to ever
ever ever one of my favorite things ever
is when you guys just know me so well
like gummy worms and boom chicka pop is
taking over this buzz amazing I'm
opening presents in you guys this is so
cute it's a mug that says max babies
there's gummy worms or Starbucks there's
Disneyland youtube there's khlomoney so
cute thank you guys look at this this is
crazy this isn't even half not even
kidding this is crazy eyes like
physically cannot eat all this I mean I
would love to eat all this but I feel
like I might gain a few pounds if I do
oh my gosh a better future
okay someone literally got me the
biggest bag of gummy worms I think I'm
gonna eat some right now guys oh my gosh
and of course I'm like picking out the
blue and pink ones are my favorite okay
so we are currently going to Walmart
we're doing a Walmart run to get some
stuff and it's my turn to pick out I
feel like I'm kind of cheating because I
was you targeted ventures but this vlog
is gonna be Walmart adventure roasted
garlic hummus
first thing this is Rob is it to a
manager explain what you do okay Santa
can I get some bad okay update cart is
getting full I'm hopefully I'm doing a
decent job yes yes yes am i killing
it okay
Adventure is your cereal we have milk
we have smoothie stuff we have fruits we
have water food granola bars chips and
salsa I was literally went through every
single aisle
okay we're done
amazing about now
okay I think we got it now you shall pay
it loves it yes I'm most excited I am
most excited for this oh my gosh so much
dude look I liked it it's not serious
around noon and I love you
