good morning guys how are you do not
mind the fact that my eyebrows are not
done I was doing my makeup and the next
thing you know I couldn't find my
eyebrow stuff so it was like great
luckily we're currently at a mall
because niki and gabi have a pop-up
thing with JC Penney so it's really
exciting so I'm gonna run into Macy's
and get irises maybe I'll just have them
do it maybe I could be like hey will you
do this every cool Thursday we were in
Seattle and we have a day free there and
then tomorrow is our show there which
I'm really excited for I've never been
to Seattle
and here we are emotions in there just
Sin City that's what's going on just
when to start taste blogs I edited
yesterday's vlog but I left my memory
card with Ashley so she's gonna have to
send over footage so I apologize maybe a
little later remover and of course we
got some stars heck yes
okay so I'm walking whoo it's so bright
I'm walking over to get oh hi test-tube
did they see you
I know her my friends famous okay I just
met Kayla did you have an instan every
night yeah Little Miss miles Li TT e mi
SS dog miles hey guys update I'm Sophie
you're currently in the bus as you can
tell by the sparkle lighting yes thank
you but well everyone's basically out of
it I figured I would at that crate my
funk it because but I got that's some
very light and I got some posters and
and hugs are going to you can't really
see oh I shouldn't be doing this in this
skirt okay so first we gotta open it
yeah we got it go baby
okay yeah we gotta take video I'm so
excited wait as always okay so it's all
decorative and I just need to get a
little more like stuff I'm gonna use a
lot of your guys's like parts and all
that stuff when you guys
it's off to that but did you want to see
it and the sliding so good love it I'm
probably gonna be blogging from here
most of the time it's very light but you
probably hear the middle or so what my
bunk looks like okay so here I got a
whole bunch of these little like poster
things from a store in Portland if you
guys remember that vlog so I got this
little guy
I hung fairy lights got this little one
and then this one says stay sassy you
got this I love that and then that's
really cute one that says move mountains
then my fairy lights and yeah don't mind
the whole back corner that's just like
the only spot where we can put stuff on
the bus so it's right usually like my
back or so it's usually we're like my
backpack and all that fun stuff is and
then for my bedding I just have blue
sheets and then this comforter and a
blanket
yeah yeah yeah
okay guys update time we are back in the
mall we're literally waiting for it niki
and gabi have a pop of thing so where
buses just parked outside them all so
we're here for like four hours we should
be done soon but my phone has been so
weird lately it keeps turning off at
like 70% which is not okay we're gonna
go to Apple I just backed it up and see
if I can there's hey guys what is okay
is right it's 106 Thursday August 18 and
we are currently at our venue in
Washington we have a show tonight which
I'm really excited for we are all
currently in the greenroom getting ready
for our show tonight so I figured I
would do like a get ready with me and
you guys can see the process of getting
ready for a show apparently 106 are I
already said that our shadows even start
till 8:00 7:30 or 8:00 around there and
this is the hot is basically every
single day like this is what we do we
start getting ready at like 1:00 and we
have soundcheck and then we have a
meet-up so it's like a long long day
there's a lot that goes into it so this
is what the room looks like we have some
clothing racks with all of our quote
costumes but it's definitely more just
like clothes we have some lovely clothes
over here some of the clothes over here
oh wait where's the onesies the onesies
are here yes if you've been to the show
you know what these are
hahahaha I love that here's everyone
getting ready all right guys hi Allison
hey guys this is what it looks like
doing behind the scenes of my eyebrow
there you go hey Nikki exclusive yeah
here's my little setup got some coffee I
walked over to a coffee shop earlier and
we're doing a makeup yeah okay and let's
get credit
yes on my master so later this is our
venue tonight it's gonna be good okay so
we are chilling in the seats you can
finally can I see my makeup I went for
more of it
some OPI today we're gonna do our sound
check and then I'll finish getting ready
it's gonna be good guys look that's my
shirt
go buy it if you come it says sorry I'm
vlogging because obviously while you're
here no yes get that and then send a hat
wait did that you guys should get it
says hashtag it's like blue because I
love my blue and pink so yeah I used to
get Instagram and that have yet to do
that I've been sleeping in a thousand my
sleeping sherry that's all true
seriously love these love these there's
so many like I want them all yay let's
see what the stage is looking online
nucleation your hair look really good
right here
oh my god it looks cool isn't it it
looks like really blue yeah behind the
scenes behind the scenes this is what
behind the curtain usually looks like
it's just like born hood but it's cool
right Niki was just doing a sound check
hey guys so I just was walking around
and I rinse the viewer
hey guys so I'm literally just chillin
in my onesie King trick oh no I know I
was like legit just gonna wear this for
the rest of the day now what am I doing
with my life
come on get it together Lisa Don's on
time oh you thought I heard lunch was
here if not it's almost here so I'm
excited about that
and my battery's gonna die which it
really not about I have a charge q1
pretty shirts and the bus which sucks so
it dies I'm so sorry oh charger get
ready girls I'd in addition thank you
YouTube at you the best UT Utah best
youtubers yeah my fanpage is Alicia
cupcake ki so meet up with great
pre-party
and we're about to go on stage we're
getting our last looks
we're gonna go say how do you guys look
gorgeous thank you
okay so Mia's here she surprised me guys
I literally cry it was so like I'm just
kind of moment on but she's been sitting
up in the balcony so during those free
times when I'm not on stage I've been
running up here to go sit with her and
then I've been running damn important
places to go back to the show
yay thanks for coming me mm mm a mean
one for the team and and he was on to
reality
hey always ones who ended tonight's vlog
I'm currently editing it right now I
just finished and I was like wait I need
to end it
um I hope that you would liked it and
don't forget to buy tickets to come to
our shows hey Olivia yeah see you guys
tomorrow
with a new left
