what's up guys I guess oh that's so
weird
what is up you guys I'm here with this
one Chloe Chloe come here okay I should
go put some ik bone things good morning
look at that cute little help you you
know what we haven't done in a very long
time and make the step oh my god you
guys also I tried this new blush today
because in my last vlog I actually
mentioned to you guys that I use the
same exact blush every single day and I
thought about it and I was thinking I
actually should probably try new ones
cuz I have a whole bunch of new ones so
I ended up trying this one
it's fetish from Urban Decay I can open
it with one hand and it's honestly just
like a gorgeous collar and I freaking
loved it so that's the blush for the day
like I don't know if you can see so
anyways plans for the day I really want
to go to a coffee shop get some work
done I have some planning to do that is
top priorities for today I have a dinner
later with my management which I'm
really excited for oh and tonight I have
to have to clean my room and do laundry
because I've been doing laundry all
morning and I've done like three loads
and I know I'm not gonna want to put it
away but Alisha you better put it away
I just hate doing laundry no I don't
even doing laundry hate putting away
laundry so I just got a package and it's
from tar I've seen a few people haul oh
sorry Club oh my god okay I love love
when brands do this okay so they just
made their Amazonian clay full coverage
foundation in 240 shades that shouldn't
I don't even know why wasn't it like
that from the beginning that's on site
anyways what I love is instead of
sending every single foundation shade
clearly I don't need every single
foundation shade it's just a waste of
product it's a waste because I'm not
using it but I love when brands take the
time to figure out your own foundation
shade and then they just send you
samples of all the other shade Thank You
Todd also love the foundation they have
this brush which is amazing for just
like buffing into your skin I have
always loved a little kabuki brush like
this oh my god that's so exciting
thank you tired I'm hungry I made some
food I'm definitely eating lunch yeah
but it's fine leave what nothing even
relevant anymore she loves me I swear
what you make salad nice ah it doesn't
look good on camera it's actually really
good it actually is so good Nikki if
you're watching this it's the salad for
real dough it's so good it is currently
at 3:48 p.m. we got some coffee Ashley
and I are
we planning out some future exciting
things and I'm a little I'm good I'm
good
a little overwhelmed a little stressed a
little excited just like a lot of
feelings I just really want it to be
good I hope I'm not hyping it up too
much
not hyping it like I know I just it's
hard to I don't I think it could be kind
of like summarize where I've just been
the past Allah and then that can the
shout out one of the new series you guys
today's been so freaking productive I've
been seeing that a lot lately but I feel
like it's an understatement of how
productive it's been like things are
coming I promise but like I said earlier
we have a dinner tonight with our
management so I was gonna show you an
outfit of is the day battery's about to
die so let's do it quick so here's just
my casual everyday look so basically
this is what I'm wearing top is from
where is this top from Zara ash can you
see this is from alright mister Bezerra
yeah top is from Zara I never find
anything from there but it's just like
fake leather looking top put on this
denim jacket from Topshop like I always
wear but I wear it around my waist so
not too much skin was showin feel a
little more comfortable with something
around my waist pants
RJ brand and then my shoes rocking these
heels hopefully I don't fall and make a
fool out of myself so yes that is the
OOTD cloud dinnertime oh my god dogs
eating is just one of the cutest things
ever jambe
okay we're just now getting to the
dinner so lame restaurant and dinner
plays while I can't
oh hey this place is so freakin cute
she's talking but we can't hear her I'm
so hungry
we've known each other for a while we've
blown up quite a bit she brought up this
photo on her phone and you guys are
gonna you're going to die with it it is
so rough oh my god oh my gosh what are
those can you send me that we look so
that 11 2011 i'ma that was robbed we
look so happy
I'm gonna go work out you really don't
want to good morning I'm being a good
sister and I'm driving yeah
you don't seem proud I'm so proud so
there was so much traffic we ended up
missing the soul class that we signed up
for so I'm a little sad about that so I
should never gonna go get a smoothie
instead smooth air just um so because
it's so hot yeah
we got the gun and they gave me a free
upgrade yes she is smoothly dance
it's like melting so fast they're like
hey we're at home we're home also guys
our cactus is dying and it's so sad we
need to get a new one oh this lighting
is not cute I straighten my hair day
actually I blow dried my hair and then I
straightened it and I feel like it looks
so good today because I actually
blow-dried it all so I finally frickin
plugged in my iMac it's finally up I'm
so excited oh hold on I love these
chairs but they're kind of a little
inconvenient sometimes so today has been
a very productive day I've done some
filming I have a lot of editing I'd like
to get done today two is currently 1251
p.m. Chloe come here or not we get
coffee oh I'd love to get coffee I'm
filling like an iced vanilla gonna
change it over now what if you're like I
feel like and it sounded like you were
gonna change that and I'm just gonna
surprise you and be like can I get an
Americano flick in general I'm the one
that normally tries the new drinks and
you'll stick with yours until you start
liking mine and then you switch no I was
the one who got you on Alfred's in the
first place and oat milk so I don't even
know what you're talking about yeah and
going off of Starbucks stuff maybe name
I was gonna say hungry but I'm not
hungry
and it's one company we should
definitely go grocery shopping too yeah
oh my god this is so freakin cute you
are not normal I dig that
thank you
yeah yeah the girl oh my god you guys we
literally just got princess parking
princess Park you know like Queen
parking literally the front and then
traders is right that like I'm sorry
Queen Queen freaking working grocery
shopping with Alicia
we definitely need Ezekiel bread we need
that we already got this the seasoning
oh I literally just said it this using
is amazing that everything but they
don't like season they're looking so
good
we just got it thank you rim for the for
the recommendation it's red lentil
noodles wouldn't free not like the
gluten matters I'm not allergic I feel
like I got a weird cart Oh sandwich
bread oh my god these are the things
that are sold at Starbucks yo those
things actually are so good update this
is what we got so far
we got spinach Ezekiel bread other no
key stuff oh that stuff was bomb
they said the cops are no keep at a stop
till the 20th okay do we want veggie
chips or do we want the corn puffs
genuine they can't decide
I think we're filling the veggie chips
we got stuck good okay for remembering
to use reusable bag the job ash grocery
huh we got spinach some beans some more
bean spaghetti sauce red lentil noodles
mango green tea crackers popcorn veggie
chips Ezekiel bread more chips lentil
wrap perfect more bread kombucha I think
that's everything we got
challah
hey guys update time it is a lot later
and I have been pretty much working /
editing all day so that happened I just
wanted to quickly end this vlog thank
you so much for watching and I will see
you guys tomorrow and bye
