hey guys what is up and welcome to this
vlog which is here right now yes I am in
a hotel room and guess that's probably
like so confused right now so basically
our next shows in Seattle but we have a
few days off so we are in Portland for a
few days and actually doesn't have
school so I was like hey ash you should
fly up and um hang out with me so I did
yeah we're here for three days
Portland we're here for three days and
be fun we've never been in a city and
I've heard so much good things about a
city so time good thing about coffee
yeah but yeah that's going on and once
I've seen you guys start a blog I'm
currently trying to edit yesterday's
vlog as well as the main channel video
that I'm hoping to get up later tonight
I know I'm just I've been off I'm just I
don't even know but it's okay fresh
start
yes okay suni hey that's good on and I'm
gonna start getting ready because I am
NOT ready we're all gonna go out to
lunch which I'm really excited for I
think they said Mexican food which helps
great
now let's find my makeup it's so pretty
here hello Portland oh I literally made
such a mess oh my gosh okay so right my
room I'm like I'm so used to having to
put my suitcases away from the bust
where I was just so excited to be able
to like leave it up everywhere I stopped
do my hair but I think it's time to go
so I'm just gonna like try to make it
look decent
maybe curl like the front piece is done
let me know if you the same because Fame
wears so after announcing
we are in Portland eating at this it's
like but usually are in Santeria if
everything on this menu and I'm so
excited so they're open till 2:00 a.m.
that is great to know and we just found
out Nikki accidentally took my blood
camera so you guys the same thing as
always we are shopping in Urban
Outfitters and they have the cutest like
apartment section I've ever seen so cute
such cute stuff so Nikki and I just got
some very light so we can put in our
bunk we're gonna get all cute and
whatnot we got some stuff now I think
we're gonna go to another boutique and
just in shopping and now we are going to
go to salt & straw just really big
thanks cream please I really just mostly
want coffee and I don't know we're gonna
do after to think though no I'm tired
that we need coffee I'm really tired but
I don't lunch that go in the hotel you
know I mean at least Duke our futures
yeah like at least one future this is so
cute I can't
we seriously love Portland so much it is
so nice here it's like cute little
street with so many boutiques and
shopping and stuff we love it we are
going to Blue Star town
it's like surprisingly really
so Nikki and I are here in the donut
shop and Ashley's not by taking pictures
of us and we're going there so place has
little knickknacks so Nikki and I are
gonna decorate our bunks we found these
like really cute poster things we're
gonna put them in our bunks I'm so
excited
I may get a little a little one of these
too
we got some stuff I'm really excited to
decorate my bunk now I already have my
bedding but I wanted to like add lights
and like all that stuff and now we're
going to do it so I'm really excited for
that I think we're gonna be heading back
to the tell tune hey guys update time so
as anytime unbelievably comfy at laying
in bed I did a face mask and we've been
having an editing party I edited and
uploaded a vlog oh my gosh you guys are
like freaking out that like I uploaded
fog it's been almost 10 days which is
unbelievable for me Nikki's here
Ashley's here just been editing and yeah
I'm working on the video I was hoping to
get up today but it didn't get upstate
so it will definitely go up tomorrow but
yeah I just want to make sure it's all
good we have a post mate coming um
dinner
hashtag MacLeish yeah this is for you
okay
