hey guys oh my God where have I been
what am I doing with my life I don't
even know
oh my gosh so I've been off to my
bonking game as we all know and I feel
like I'm just I'm having so much going
on and then of course like for me like I
always feel like I need to explain why
I've been gone if I ever take a break
from like a challenge like that so I got
like wanted a fresh start would say I'm
so sorry to have been uploading and I'm
on tour right now which is crazy if you
want to see the first two show check out
Nikki's log count cuz she's been
blogging so yeah we are currently in San
Francisco going all over the country so
you get excited for super exciting vlogs
and an adventurous person shows were
really really good so if you went to let
me know if you liked it it was so much
fun and yes it's not from San Francisco
we are currently in a bathroom trying to
get ready with a small mirror
we want to see cute in Pacific City
because I was just here in San Fran it's
like one of my favorite cities and we
want to just you know I'm right here
while I do my makeup that I left only
brushes can I still smile yeah our next
stop is Portland and we're there for
four days I'm gonna do is actually
coming actually is gonna come yeah
you're gonna do my makeup this is what
you call a bun that you sleep in one of
you guys that we are currently not
I would hear lots of members here to
really like it and feeling you so I'm
currently live streaming right now
yeah
we're gonna head back to venue right now
we are in San Francisco look at this it
sucks up this is the only time we'll be
outside
I know yeah literally like I I love
seeing fan and I haven't been here long
enough so this is tonight's venue and
there's a day school which is epic so it
looks like very excited very excited so
I just got my hair done and we're gonna
start a meet-and-greet soon but I'm on
the bus actually put myself right now so
I was like please I'm gonna give you
guys a bus tour
yeah I'm just editing some videos
actually editing tomorrow's video we're
gonna put this right here
I'm so excited okay like when you walk
in so we have seminars reclining chairs
right here a table window and we have
this huge like bench of a couch right
here and this is actually really really
wet it's awesome over here we have our
kitchen okay so we have some cabinets
you have a fridge we have a microwave we
have lots of candy and stuff up here
speaking of it you guys gave me some
gummy worms last night I have a
meet-and-greet and I was so excited and
do you see how many red and blue ones
are in here I may start eating this not
gonna lie I have lots of food and candy
I have some chips back here we have that
there some cereal and just more stuffs
sink coffeemaker nutribullets or ninja
thing over here is another table where I
was editing just sitting around here
editing and here's the bathroom okay
standard we have a Marilyn Monroe here a
really small room but yeah so there is
that's close this and then turn around
we have a shower right here which is
blocked that's what it looks like is
it's out of this showers would be nice
it in the shower I have in my apartment
yes you have to lock this because
otherwise when they're driving it'll uh
they'll move around but like when we're
driving and stuff anyway come in here
this is where all these bunks are so my
bunk is actually down here which looks
like this I just put in my bedding last
night so it's all blue and and yes so
that's my bedding I want to decorate it
and get some really cute like fairy
lights and put up all of your fan pics
and stuff so yeah there's that so here
we go here we go then we have a back
room here our tour manager sleeps right
here and then there's another like table
and stuff this is kind of more of a
storage room I guess I feel like none of
us really hang out here but we can but
yes that's what that's what it looks
like looks like yeah I really wanna wait
cuter and once I do maybe I'll do like a
bunk room tour if that makes sense your
people are looking for me like hey you
have a crate to do
right now we have TVs I think we have
three huge TVs in this whole place which
is awesome so there's lots of TVs I feel
like we never really use it though these
chairs are so comfortable and they like
lean back I usually sit here every
single morning editing or drinking
coffee right here it's like looking out
the window I think people are actually
already lined up oh my god yeah
there's people can they see me can you
see me guys literally see people right
now like that hello people you're in my
vlog say hi to my blood oh wait say hi
to my vlog I logged in what I when I
walked back in yeah
that's in funny just I've got a lot of
editing done which I'm really excited
about because make sure
ah drinking you gave me this letter and
she also gave me some gum even what do
we do yeah her first three or four days
we're days off
yes you have 40's off even literally
doing this tour and engineer about a
week yeah now we are headed to Portland
and
