good morning San Francisco good morning
world so it is both like afternoon ish
and we are exploring in the city we owe
it's so loud but we're gonna get some
food we're going to Donnie's it has
really good reviews on Yelp and you know
you'll never lie okay breakfast but it
definitely like lunchtime but luckily
the
hi guys and then I wanted to kind of
make my own little like tortillas salsa
thing I don't really know and then I was
like oh well I kinda want some fruit too
so I got a side of fruit and you know I
don't know how I'm gonna eat all this
but at all
I'm making my own little mini burritos
today we are currently on CBS and we
were getting some oh that was we are
getting some snack tonight is the
Bachelorette finale
I believe so we're gonna watch it and we
wanted to get some snacks gummy worms
aren't in how many booms you could pop
though a little sad about that but
that's cool again kind of a tradition
yeah yeah yeah I wanted to sleep and
this morning and then a Tiffany had to
leave her she had a flight she's
actually flying to Minneapolis or
something like that she had to leave
early but yeah with our last day San
Fran to do some fun touristy stuff
really oh and I get some pictures today
Jay is MIA the actual birthday so we're
gonna probably get some dinner have fun
so we got some goods heck yes yes heck
yeah so it is a little bit later we know
one day she's getting ready yeah and we
are going to invent your outs and it
allows you to paint a ladies get some
pictures hopefully
with the Lombard Street like this exact
line but dinner for me birthday happy
birthday thank you the Apple it's real
great it little buddy got some great
whiting green apple Dunston who else
loves these like doors the revolving
doors they're so legit we're here yeah
it's a little cold low windy in a
picture so we decided to walk around a
little bit and find maybe some cute boys
to take some pictures yes the hard thing
is under innovation so that's okay
pretty seem like in this city there fell
I look like an oompa loompa burns again
it was somewhere
hello I am taking over the vlog camera
so smooth hello I'm Remy by the way nice
nice to meet you you don't know me
I try and cover up the wind hopefully
you can hear better ooh we've got some
behind-the-scenes photo shoot going on I
don't think that was correct English but
work it work yes yes this is great we've
had some sweet Mac babies coming up
along the road here yelling at Alicia
now we've got some ticks over here okay
oh there's a beautiful Sun like shot
what does that look a lens Clarence what
about where's Raven ground too we just
went over and saw the pans ladies and
now we're about to go walk down that
windy road called Lombard Street
alright bye can this really like you I
don't know if it's kind of really big
for house we were taking pictures there
and right now we're actually on lombard
street and we're gonna go to the zig zag
saying it's literally like right there
oh it's so cute are cute I don't know
it's cool it's gorgeous
if we're walking I wonder like how this
came about you know yeah we made it to
the bottom it seriously so cool it's
love do
where to now guys do we want dinner yeah
we didn't believe this in your Italian
or a little bit and found it good
not angel hair pasta with marinara sauce
and this looks like the best pasta I
think I've ever had in my life
I'm so excited hey guys so we are back
at the hotel and we are currently about
to leave to go to the airport to catch
our flight yeah I'm sad to leave in
Oakland we're on our way to the airport
we don't want to leave
when there's no Starbucks and your
really nice place
we're stirrers on teamwork you're headed
on the flight let Sookie in here
because she had a live chatting to do so
she booked a flight later she's gonna
come over later but she's not here if
you're wondering the best part about
playing Bertram yovanna he
No
hey guys so we're back at Mia's
apartment cooling Mia our walking can
right now but I just wanted to say it
thank you guys so so so so freaking much
I got off the plane and I realized that
I had hit 4 million subscribers oh my
god like I am so mind blown I am it's
like I know you see this every single
like milestone and the you guys I don't
know take I'm sure it looks like it's
like redundant but like literally I
can't I literally I can't I can't fathom
those numbers like that that many people
care to subscribe to my channel I'm
about to get deep real quick but I just
think I've accidentally bring up in like
middle school in high school how I
literally felt invisible and how like no
one knew me to think that so many people
care about me like I don't like that
sounds so weird I don't know like you
guys really do mean the world to me and
I know a lot of youtubers say that but I
really really really really mean nothing
like I've grown so much and you guys
have to help me grow grow grow no but it
hasn't helped me grow so much and I just
wanna say thank you so much for 4
million subscribers think that 5 million
is next is even more insane and like
thanks guys Internet hug what are you
just thinking of so many videos like so
many old videos like pop in my head I
was like and it says love keep on it and
then I got these sweatpants my sister
and I moved out if you did not know I
recently hit a million subscribers fine
I'm gone yeah I know starting my youtube
channel I had no idea what would come
out of it seriously if any of you want
to have a youtube channel or if you want
to do anything in life like frickin do
it you can do it don't let anyone stop
you and this if you're looking for a
sign or a push maybe you need a push
like this is that for you like just do
it like no one is stopping you do it cuz
you love it and and yes and definitely
motivational deep speech right now okay
hey guys so it's fun to end in this vlog
of that thing it's great now we are
having a good night yeah
babies like ya and I'll be good and I'll
see you tomorrow
