good morning everyone today is July 1st
today is July 1st which is crazy because
honestly like July where does this year
go that's what I want to like yeah I
mean I always love when you're in your
Corgi shirt so today it's gonna be a
productive day I guess we are filming
heck yes and then we're gonna we're
gonna film hey yeah yeah it's probably
ready actually I just don't want to like
do my makeup and then like could have
been able to do it later
hi can I come say hi bud hi Ella beer oh
no he just looked at me yeah no I make
the Sun and I think I'm gonna straighten
my hair maybe later though when I get
like back home or something I don't know
and now I need to figure out what I want
to wear and I did buy some stuff at
brandy yesterday so I'm going to wait oh
yeah I bought a shirt from there I think
I'm aware that it can and I got this
light pink denim jackets then just a
plain blue t-shirt which looks a very
similar to what I'm currently wearing
I'm but we're gonna wear this and yes
but I got from Randy extremely mini
brandy Hall this is the jacket I got
we're gonna see if it's cute I kind of
feel like it could be either way you
know anyway so this is let's just let's
figure it out it's like a light light
light pink but it's like is it pink
it can you I need to find somewhere to
set this so you guys can actually see
but you're on a water bottle pray don't
fall oh my god balance balance balance
yeah I like it I feel like I had
something like this when I was like a
kid not gonna lie it's so funny how
Stiles come back no am i right cute I
totally picture this with like a crop
top you know I mean like I feel like I'd
be really cute
make it a Starbucks
got some Starbucks there means and me oh
no I was trying to find me had to
surprise here with coffee but she took
Kim out she's not here we're gonna take
me tell your have a surprise I tried I
tried
hey guys so we're back at the apartment
throw a while since I've logged but
we've been hardcore filming I'm very
proud very proud of us moves Karen was
over earlier she helps him when I meant
to vlog her and I work off I'm sorry but
we're getting hungry so we're gonna head
to Tamara and we're gonna film a scene
at Target so that's just going on um
thanks for helping me fill me up for
this II don't know
I see a lot of questions if you will
being like words Ashley so if you don't
know she's on a trip right now go out
your blog channel if you want to see
where who what went our way yeah she
comes back next week so so see I'm in my
bag get my keys so I feel like this
piece is not is it supposed to be right
here
okay here we go we are getting some
Panera
I love Panera I'm here way too often
still we got some food I got a salad out
of sandwich and then I purposely ordered
to go because for one of the scenes I
need like leftovers and it to go BOTS so
I got it to go but means get it here
because clearly we're eating here what
you can never corn chowder
decided to pop by Starbucks and I am
doing a taste test
don't don't door of the unbelievably
basic pink drink that's like been
trending all over everywhere of social
media is a strawberry refresher with
coconut milk I want to say yes as you
guys know I messed up a little time so
it's like I need to take this but I'm
gonna do it on camera at the first
quality pictures this is real cute here
we go here we go here we go
oh my god
it's so good okay
I was not expecting that it's sweet
though it's really sweet I thought it
wasn't gonna be sweet it's a lot better
than I imagined yeah I mean I definitely
could not drink all this but I literally
thought I was gonna cheese really bitter
yeah I thought you guys I'm literally so
mind blown so I literally asked the
briefs I was like I'm gonna be really
basic right now she was like the pink
drink and I was like the pink drink like
you literally it kind of like I cringed
a little bit of how basic I feel it's
not sure you're ordering it I was like
like I wanted to but then because it was
so trendy I was like I can't order that
not it is good it's just a lot I could
never drink all this by myself I don't
think I could drink at all ever I see Oh
strawberries strawberries and cream
those like candy mints do our those
little candies yeah the holes yeah okay
anyways we're currently at Target we
have one that's seen at fugu here and
yes actually might be back here later
cuz I have some groceries and like
random stuff that I mean we are in
Target what best friends do in Target
getting some makeup wipes I really need
that it makes you launder Turkey because
I really that means good this one it
what means about behind the scenes of
behind the song how is it mean it looks
real comfy it looks moto Rena Rick Wow
let's look in this aisle just because
they have the cutest stuff am i right oh
now they have this they have fairy
lights now for like super cheap white
stools are so cute the mint with their
soaps
oh that's cute okay Cuffy the struggle
is for you oh my gosh it lights up turn
off I got the white one the other day so
you should totally get that one oh my
camping I know I want this so bad
because it's so cute to point out like
oh yeah sure let's go so target haul we
got some lettuce makeup wipes detergent
and some Tomatoes then make them high I
mean hey guys a few minutes or two so it
is now 8 o'clock and our new 49er
liturgical you wanna be proposed to me
and I are gonna go get some dinner
um we filmed update we filmed the whole
video is really excited and then I found
out that one and a half of the clips
didn't have audio so now I have to be
somebody I also did you know so we are
75% done being filmed the Yahoo News
we're gonna go to Yard House get some
food really excited and yes oh did I
even show you things that we brought can
old so he wouldn't be home alone the
Chloe is not he or she is at my parents
house seems is so wearing some some
butchers because her pants got a poop on
them is you we're good we're good
dinner date candlelit dinner date again
hey guys so I'm a huge failure and
totally forgot to even you know show my
food or anything at your house I was
like hi were here and it was like boom
hi and back at my apartment
anyway I was rude anyways I found you to
end this vlog right now and yeah hey you
guys liked it and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new vlog and yes let me be
