good morning guys although it's
definitely not the morning it's
definitely the afternoon
probably more like evening that's cool
if you're in target it go boobies here
yo we are doing something very exciting
we are shopping for video like that hi
what's your name behind you in the vlog
oh it's happening right now is happening
whoops so currently getting some snacks
because I literally haven't no groceries
at all in my apartment and I feel bad
cuz people are like everyone's over
haha so we are currently shopping for
some some snacks and some some some more
snacks
I think it's successful to say that this
is a very full car what's is that
currently looking for Nikki Gabi and
gently trying to find them
oh damn them I found the view what
target squawk Jesse oh we're all like
fetus I was like what word what we're
doing is betting on groceries and
supplies we are maybe he gonna be
filming something really exciting this
it's kind of like a behind-the-scenes
blog actually tomorrow
we'll definitely be behind the scenes
box Hiddink we're filming para today's
Marv a get everything and get groceries
because something in my home does anyone
else get sucked in with like the last
minute like gum and stuff in the
checkout aisle because thing going on we
might get some coffee because Starbucks
is literally right there but it's been a
very good productive day so farm setting
does anyone have any guesses of what we
might sell hash tag Nick go please shirt
hey guys we are back home at the
apartment and I went to a grocery haul
but honestly I literally just put
everything away so I'm so sorry about
that we have been having such a
productive at night we have got some
food and we are planning out some very
exciting exciting exciting things
actually
well just instead revolving tour
if you're wondering and also a video
because we're obviously on video
tomorrow so yes that's what's going on I
think we're gonna have a chill night we
should have got basemap nice wait I
think Ashley got one more these are the
only masks
I could find no stop good morning we got
some Starbucks got some coffee for
everyone cuz like no one's outta bed
right now okay so today we are really
hoping to do a collab there have been a
little sex
kinda in the way but that's okay so yes
yes um like I said I'm getting Starbucks
and then I'm going to go into jumper
right now get Jessie a smoothie yeah
that's what's going on that's what's
going on
got an acai balls good what up guys
Ellie Sean here coming at you live from
Alicia's apartment not going on I'm so
excited and it's pretty obvious what
this videos gonna consume lit consistent
is Sean welcome welcome JP I mean what's
up guys this is JP coming at you part of
the squad I'm in sneeze 182 yeah
check it out check it out right now
we're about to hit the gym you know get
some gang
hashtag goons for where it is your squat
anyway so you're coming and let's let's
do this
because it's gonna be funny really that
we are headed to the gym not what you
think so
Ali's shot in the gym getting some games
you know how we do why are you not
focusing on my feet there we go so we're
in the gym getting some shots Nikki can
you demonstrate what we were just doing
I mean Nick can you demonstrate how we
do in the gym camera a lot why you
recording because we got see our hashtag
progress bro hashtag progress hashtag
games
hashtag meatheads hashtag Pittsburgh gym
rats trying to explode has she got gold
hash tags her bag this is JP and he's my
BAE BAE look at my name oh my god we
need a name we mo no mo
I'm email Alisha aka
even in Alicia and I don't know what's
my name guys guys what's my name comment
below anyways obviously we're filming
this is this vlog is like all over the
place I bet you never thought you'd see
me like this the video but it's gonna be
really cool okay check my makeup I did
it myself
miranda sings always does it so I'm
going emo anyways I'm so excited this
this clip isn't in my video so you're
gonna have to watch Jessie and Nikki and
Gabi's video for her to see me like this
fun fact about Alicia I definitely was a
punk emo stage rocker it's Leben seventh
grade eighth grade I was going for the
more Hollister yeah that was great I was
like seeing things yeah I feel like my
face I'll show you pictures officially
back to normal meme we're gonna get some
food because it's what time is it my
lips are still pink oh really good
currently three o'clock and we have half
of my video done which is exciting I
think we're like on schedule slash
slightly ahead but since we're slightly
ahead we're gonna go get some lunch by
the time I come back we'll be up you
know like a normal schedule my lips
though yeah but we're so hungry so we're
gonna get ready after we come back
welcome to the life of collabs yo mmm
working hard we have been working hard
hashtag good my swag squad Scott getting
some food
well not right now we're going to get
yes degrees it is 93 degrees oh my oh we
got some food I got two tacos and some
some ahi tuna I got to meet guys we have
a lunch date it's currently at mixer
and the good and be good
yeah guys I find these are like myself
oh my gosh it's been it's like five
o'clock and we're finally like
decent-looking
I was email today I was a guide today
right which is ratchet today
well normal finally oh my god we've been
like a million EUR not work it was an
egg I mean okay so half the video to
film let's do it
we got this I'm excited let's get flick
where we are we're back at the pool what
up guys it's like 8 o'clock now and it's
still pretty dang bright which is summer
hashtag summer we just took some
pictures some video we're done filming
which is really exciting and now we're
just gonna have like a fun night girls
night yeah do it
girls night girls lady I'm so jealous I
know cuz I didn't think of it ever but
you could what you doing I'm actually
kind of tired I'm tired and I'm like
really tired
we are currently shopping at react in a
store getting some supplies because we
decided have an impromptu photo shoot
and like my living room and we're really
excited Gabby's in the car cuz she was
wearing a swimsuit goes that's for sure
let's go get coffee we're gonna get some
car oh there's my time what do you think
with this look corny behind me with
cheesy now that I can't I can't I think
we got that one it's a big I'm so
excited that was very successful and I
have to say Michaels lighting is the
best ever it's amazing I'm done that is
my update what time is it photo shoot
time told you guys we were going all out
photos I think we're all about to get
some new profile pics you know got the
smoky eyes got some nude lips looks like
Jesse's turn yeah yeah yeah we're having
a photo shoot
so cool expectation versus reality Josh
this is all we got going on right now
okay Nikki you are up let's do it
out the change and um backdrop change I
changed it to white but I still have
glitter all over me so that was kind of
a mistake on our end yes I think I have
it in my mouth oh my gosh you guys so it
is currently like 3:00 a.m. what time
did again 3:30 right now and we're wide
awake Jessie went to bed which I totally
get
we had coffee she didn't and I was about
to take off my makeup and I was like I
should end its vlog but you can tell how
delirious we are because I'll show you
can you do a 360 for us just to see all
this yeah yes this is so bad
I'm gonna end this vlog thank you so so
so much for watching I'll see you guys
really soon with a new vlog and I'm
getting excited and yeah I'll think of
it
