good morning guys what coffee cup should
we have today I feel like I always use
this cup but that's cool
good morning guys what is up
welcome to today's vlog I swear I'm
wearing pants promise today is gonna be
such a chill home vlog which are my
favorite types of vlogs which means this
belt is gonna be amazing I'm currently
doing some editing for the vlogs so I
guess we should go finish doing that so
today is what's today what's today
what's today I never ever ever know what
data is um mmm nope still not coming to
me I so crazy cuz gene is almost over
which that just blows my mind honestly
when I really think about that not gonna
lie also guys not to brag gods brag but
I feel like I have started to get so
much better at my eyebrows like oh my
god I'm just like I'm sorry funny story
the other night I actually could not
sleep I was a wide awake and it was like
2 a.m. or something like that I decided
you know what I'm gonna watch some brow
tutorial because I've always felt like I
can just get better at my brows and then
I stayed up watching like a few
different browser toriel videos on
YouTube at 2:00 a.m. and then the next
morning I like gave it my all and this
is the second day literally only the
second day of me feelin like hey dang
that's all I just like it when I get
like really really really good then I'll
do like a tutorial for you guys but I'm
just like I had a moment cuz I got
really excited brows and winged liner
are the two things with makeup that I
still suck at wolfish know I don't know
I feel like I'm just getting better
making progress makes me so excited it's
still gonna work on the winged liner and
also update on the fireplace if you guys
have been wondering you notice that
there is some tile up again if you
didn't know my house almost burnt down
basically it was kind of a struggle
fireplace is a huge hazard the house
could have burnt down any time but all
that mess is bothering me can you not
know good news and bad news bad news is
it's not done still we actually have to
remove this entire tile good news is we
might actually still be able to pick out
a new one I'll show you our first choice
they're gonna hopefully you know what
I'm gonna wait I'm gonna wait only
because they're supposed to bring
samples in and remember when I painted
the room pink and I put up the samples
for you guys it's gonna be
same thing but we're gonna do it with
the tile hopefully we have those within
a week I'm not gonna lie that would be
amazing to have like samples with us so
we can figure it out so we can just get
it done so we can mount our TV back up
it's honestly been to three months of
not having our TV up it's been a big
struggle but anyways okay guys
random question loci I've had it so many
boxes this isn't even all of them but
I've had so many boxes to unbox so this
is me just asking like genuinely do you
guys like watch watching on boxes I
personally do unboxings Wow can talk do
you guys enjoy watching unboxings
because I personally do oh ever I feel
like I don't know some of you guys maybe
don't I don't know I don't know if it's
boring I have a few unboxings that I'd
love to do for you guys so we're gonna
do those real quick if I can carry them
all having them fall I just rhymed
package number one I can use the box so
you guys can be taller so this is from
Urban Decay oh wait oh my god I
literally open this and there was like
one eyeliner missing and I got so
confused and was like oh like maybe they
just forgot to put in it but I found it
I feel like I'm always on the hunt for
like the ultimate perfect eye shadow
palette for me this palette is basically
like a wanderlust type palette and I'm
not even kidding like I open it in the
first photo that I see is this one in
Greece like Oh honestly it love playing
with you makeup ooh
this I'm not sure how I like this ooh
I'm gonna like this one I mean later I
absolutely love colors like that I don't
know if I love this packaging look at
this is how this is why I don't always
have scissors time you really don't need
it
alright this is from heart what is this
this is like an oil oh my god look at
there's this oil it literally has gold
flakes in it real gold is gold good for
your skin okay oh this is from NARS
I actually think NARS is one of my
favorite makeup brands I really love
them I love the packaging the soft matte
is beautiful that's their blush okay so
it's a limited edition but they have one
of their like most popular blushes which
looks like that
a lipstick a lip balm oh my god if I
wasn't wearing lip stuff I would
literally put this on right now and then
a loose illuminating powder oh my god
this is gorgeous
I love their packaging honestly
packaging is everything for brands like
if I don't like the packaging I feel
like I'm less likely to use something
versus if I like the packaging you know
what I mean like isn't that weird how
there's so much into like marketing and
all that stuff like obviously there's a
whole career for like marketers and all
that stuff but like I think it's so
interesting how like I don't know
especially I don't it's just it's
interesting that was the unboxing with
Alisha so I really need to go to Target
cuz I was just there and I forgot to get
makeup wipes and I desperately need that
so I filmed I don't know if you guys
knew that I probably cut it out of the
actual vlog I ended up filming an
earlier outfit of the day I would give
you an outfit of the day but it's
honestly pretty chill sports bra fern is
from Victoria's Secret pink and leggings
but that was a fail two seconds later I
decided to change and now I feel like I
should do a real outfit of today so here
is the outfit of the day yes
it's kind of hot out honestly I probably
shouldn't be wearing this shock it I
didn't want to wear just this cropped
tops I feel like it was a lightly too
short so we're wearing the jacket jacket
is from Urban Outfitters it's my denim
Jack or not oh my god oh my god this is
Topshop jacket is from Topshop
I've had this for years it's my favorite
thing ever it's a crop top is from Urban
Outfitters I wear this in Bora Bora if
you remember that pants are from J Brand
I love these because they're so high
waisted and they're super super super
comfortable so we love those I feel the
need to slip straight because otherwise
it's gonna be like you know but like
okay my shoes I'm obsessed with these
these are Ashley's literally love them
so much they were limited edition at
revolve other Air Force Ones they're
Nike is they're amazing
low-key I was looking to
by some online and they were so much
more expensive than the how much they
were originally going for but I wear
Ashley's like knock it on I almost like
every single day so I feel like I should
buy my own hello babes hi pretty girl
how are you oh my god you are so cute I
can't go follow her on Instagram even
though she never posts guess where we
are we got to target also we got a
Starbucks are you kidding I stopped to
figure it out myself ash not one but two
of these because Ashley needs one too
but look at me I'm being strict good
sister what else do we need got some
creamer because the other day I went to
have coffee there was none and it was
really we need some tampons because it's
almost that time is that TMI I feel like
that's probably a little bit of TMI
onward oh my god also these are some of
my favorite protein bars we're
definitely gonna get not one but maybe
mmm
two of these cuz they're so good okay I
actually look you think this is pretty
much everything we needed
update time I realized that this vlog
ended so weird so I feel like I should
end it so I just want to say bye thanks
for watching I love you guys and I'll
see you later bye I have an end of the
vlog in so long
