good morning guys what is that so today
is Wednesday Shay's one day and if you
did not see yesterday's vlog then you
were definitely missing out because it
was Chloe's birthday party vlog it was
so cute you need to go watch that and if
you didn't see it you wouldn't know that
Ashley nice and close we decided
something I asked meme so um well he's
still living at the time of our lives
and I look so cute right now post
birthday party I'm really hoping I don't
spill this because it's kind of heavy
I mean yo yeah I got blueberry oatmeal
and I got some some coffee because you
guys know that was an obvious what to
get us I might sell a bike currently
planning out videos for this month
because we have a lot going on I don't
want to show you too much
yes that's what's been going on
currently 11:30 to June first time oh
you guys aren't you unfuck like in the
rowboat I go hey you may go home clock
doesn't look like it so I feel so
productive I planned out a whole bunch
of stuff to get excited I'm really
really excited for my upcoming videos I
think you guys are really gonna like
them like nope also I kind of did my
hair I just like brushed it out and I
don't really have time to do too much
else to it so I did my makeup Hey and
yawns I'm never getting ready to leave
because we want to beat traffic
going home of the abbey it's such a good
time here good fun party guys maybe
we'll get some lunch
I've only time for lunch it's like 120
right now 130 oh yeah yeah oh no no I
look oily awkward hey guys no I'm
finally home we were literally and like
the worst rush hour traffic of my life
actually just kidding not of my life but
it was pretty pretty up there
but I just a picture on Instagram and I
want to show you guys cuz I didn't dun
da dun dun dun
you get yesterday at Mia
let's see um it'll show you oh there it
is
so you totally go add me on Instagram
and go like it if you want but also you
notice hilarious max babies go so hard
you guys don't even know it you guys are
the best to the actual Beth and I have
to show you this cuz it's hilarious
every time I post a picture on Instagram
like the second I post it if I go to my
tagged photos of me pages and pages are
full of the picture that I just posted
like you guys are so awesome I'm gonna
show you because it's hilarious like I
love it and I try to like as many as I
can
I like the edits that you guys do
because I think it's hilarious and I
love it like I love you guys so much
okay so here's my Instagram okay Mac
baby oh my gosh we're so close to 2
million ok really go grab me go ahead
for the picture just post it yes yes and
I go to my tag oh my gosh do you see
this and it gets even better ready here
it is third is very but still going it's
still going still going that's when it
started right here my sweet leta you
were first that's crazy so crazy you
guys are awesome you guys are goals I
live for you hey guys welcome to the
second day of its vlogs because I edited
this vlog is running and I was like whoa
there's no footage whatsoever that kind
of sucks I'm so sorry today we are
filming
this week's video so your guys are gonna
get to see behind the scenes we are
going to target right now get some
supplies and yeah it's just a filming
day but that's is gonna Oh hair Chloe
baby everyone said happy birthday I'm
currently looking for a very specific
shampoo and I cannot explain it anywhere
that makes me kind of sad I spied Ashley
oh hi definitely need some buddies so I
really wanted pipe cleaners but tell me
why I can only find jump at once I can't
find little ones and newer other I like
except for the ones that are in a huge
cakes but I don't want dad
mer guess what I'm getting a new candle
that's bigger you want to get these
I'm having withdrawals I really really
want these but I probably shouldn't dad
buy gum so having a semi-successful
target trip I did get something so I'm
feeling a little bit better about it
didn't have everything I actually like
tweaked her neck this morning so she
can't move it I feel bad for laughing
but it's kind of funny we're getting the
Jumbos anyway oh yeah how's the neck
like better currently watching meme
vlogs having coffee and doing my makeup
and abia gonna be good time that means
blow money my beep funnies so doing my
hair straightening it and then we're
gonna film currently listening to okay
this is like this is like stupid so have
any of you guys heard of cereal it's
like a I don't new hope this is sound
sponsor because it's actually completely
not sponsored it's like a murder mystery
podcasting and I'm like obsessed it's
like really good and I like can get
scared really easily so I was like no no
I can't handle it and then she was like
no you can and then yesterday I like
started listening to it
I'm already on like the fifth episode
yeah yeah oh my gosh so it's like so
it's so intense side trip but not a J
supposedly take that afternoon after
he's been killed
Angie's whereabouts in between
intense right okay anyways hair is done
I think we're going to film let me
change my top and we got hit up the
comments section because it's gonna be a
party on there and I'm so curious to
hear what you guys have set three
suckers really what up guys currently
having a Tootsie Roll pop fun fact
actually hate tootsie rolls like the
actual candy that shit rolls but I like
the suckers oh I thought we were filming
I wish I could say it's going really
smooth but honestly today it's probably
been one of the harder days to film and
the pad like of this year I want to say
almost like it's been like I don't know
why it's been really hard down from not
being able to find all the supplies that
I needed for this video today I'm super
super tired super draggy the words are
not coming out of my mouth and then we
filmed like 30 minutes of the video and
then we realized that the mic wasn't
properly like on so we had to rebuild it
so but it's okay it'll be good do me a
favor and comment on the video if you
genuinely liked it because it'll make me
feel a lot better to know that it was
worth all of this effort
yes also you want some fake lashes for
the first time in a really long time and
I kind of like it hi as you Nick justice
you guys guess who got some so I think
this definitely calls for an unboxing of
both of them cuz I know it one is but I
don't know what this is and the box is
super cute oh why not
okay let's do it so first things first I
ordered this last week I want to say
before anyone says anything I do know
they are kind of a little bit a little
expensive Gabi has one and she said it's
like magical and I really wanted to try
it and I thought maybe I could even like
put it in a video or something and to
justify me buying it
and it is the artists brush or artist
brush whichever one you want to call it
everyone passes it but it's not a RT is
crazy brushes that everyone like the
reviews of these are insane everyone
says it's a works so good they make your
skin look flawless like your foundation
everything so it's a makeup brush that
looks like that that intense it looks
like a hair brush excited to use this
I'm gonna use this tomorrow morning get
excited for what I do my makeups raucous
I'm totally gonna try it out I'll let
you guys know my thoughts on it like if
I think it's if I think it's worth it
yeah I got the oval-8 brush is really
hard honestly to figure out this I see
online because there's so many brushes
wool from soap and gooey
they always have it such cute packaging
then men benefit always have a really
really cute packaging see if I can do
this
Oh body spray oh this is warm you can
tell it was like in the Sun before you
glow glow miss me up look at this they
always sound like cute so there's a
tinted body lotion and then there's
three body mist so there's been a
smoothie star sugar crush and this one
is original pink body spray there's such
cute packaging I can't get over it
that's cute that is cute we're on you
now right now so everyone say hi because
I'm vlogging yeah hey guys so we are
currently on you now I'm doing a
livestream and it's really cool you guys
should have been there if you weren't
there or if you were there let me know
in this vlog because that was really fun
or it is really fun cuz it's currently
going on 643 so I've been on for about
45 minutes almost 40 minutes really
awesome so if you guys missed it don't
worry I promise I will do a new one soon
but it looks like it's basically a live
chat and then you guys get a comment and
I get to talk to you guys it's really
cool it's like a live vlog like a vlog
of a vlog behind the scenes of a vlog
yeah also don't mind the fact that
there's like Tootsie Roll pops
everywhere on my desk right now
embarrassing okay been about an hour and
I was just wanting to say goodbye to
everyone in this vlog vlog I can't talk
I'm such a hot mess I thought I'd say
goodbye to everyone on you now so bye
guys thank you so much for watching and
being here and I'll definitely let you
know what I'm doing a next one on
because this is really fun hey boy
bye-bye hey guys so I just wanted to end
to this vlog I was currently just
editing it and um this was where the
light was and the air conditioners on
are morally certain buzz Yap is on to
edit thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys tomorrow up with new
vlog and bye guys love you want
