good morning world how are you doing say
I'm about to be great what cookie cookie
wants today we'll do this fun one that's
great yes yeah right now so don't mind
my hair all the hilarious ly funny that
I'm wearing um Ali Shaun's shirt as a PJ
shirt because it's comfy and yeah
sibling wolf thank you
so since I was traveling all of my
makeup from it my bloomers yeah I love
this thing put in here because I was
traveling and stopping to reorganize it
put it all back here because I really
really like this nail up house so many
of you have been tweeting me pictures of
this at Target and you're like thinking
of you even Mia in her vlog yet means
yes did you get it so we can be twinning
okay this young heaven whale shoots
powder with us sealer
hey guys so so sorry my battery died so
it was charging its this whole time but
did my makeup did my hair all didn't
really do my hair but I put dry shampoo
my hair so what did my hair yes this is
the makeup look that we went for I'm
loving my highlight oh my gosh
Jaclyn Hills champagne pop is perfection
actually like love it
and I'm Elise again so I was never one
to go for like shimmery highlights any
of my oily skin girl do you know I'm
talking about
I don't know but lately I just feel like
it looks way better I like it here's the
OTD very similar to last night jogger
pants wait I'll show you
so Jackie's Urban Outfitters shirt
versus that funny shirt is Urban
Outfitters dance our Abercrombie and
Fitch and then I'm wearing Ashley's
white Adidas yes yes yes he almost kills
all so today I'm hoping to return slash
or exchange at my adidas I bought
because I bought size too big if you
remember that Paul vlog so yes oh wait I
don't even tell you so today's Memorial
Day it is a holiday here in the United
States today we decided to have a
shopping day because Ashley has been
telling me for a month that she's in a
shopping mood so we decided to make a
day out of it we're gonna go to urban
spectrum I want to say slash Newport
area so it gave me a good excuse to
exchange of these shoes if we can get
some budget group or lunch cooks ghosts
and yes that's what's going on it's
gonna be fun gonna be chill just a
sister bonding day which should be fun
and I have to get some some supplies for
Chloe's birthday party tomorrow she
doesn't text me yet to make sure she's
still good for us to go over cuz we were
gonna go over and have a party with
Chloe Kenworth anyways let's go let's do
this I'm excited we are on our way to a
vine spectrum which is a mom in Irvine
yes ash how you feeling oh I'm feeling
pretty good you know how I'm doing
hungry I was just about sim feeling a
little hungry so I think we're gonna eat
first which kind of makes sense cuz I
really don't like shopping when I'm
hungry cuz I can't focus you know what I
mean
I start like buying whatever I'm like oh
whatever any no like I mean I'm sure
it's busy but it doesn't I feel like
everyone's out the beat tradition to go
to the beach on Memorial Day yes this is
multiple are doing that's as good we are
gonna get some gutter girl no real magic
grill yo veggie grill veggie veggies the
p2p which if you benefited between you
fun fact this is how the vlog camera
tripod works as you can see locked in
but it's upside down so when you edit it
you have to flip the image around so
that's how it works hands for you golfy
good I'm gonna return them I'm really
excited because there is hardly anyone
here oh it looks so beautiful but I just
tweeted that's my Twitter yes I'm
currently waiting for our food very
excited I got the huge what stories you
wanna go to I really want a new
felicia like every night so i want like
all day like every day jacket that's
mine
and I feel like I'm gonna be traveling a
lot this summer so I want a jacket that
can wear like in light weather that you
don't care to get that stuff yeah you
know kale and quinoa
I said kale and quinoa which was my
Pinner order now I'm sad quinoa power
salad and Buffalo way jewelry okay so
we're getting Chloe some Jay banners
which one should we get her with a gold
one or the balloon one we'd have to fill
it up though this one best day ever oh
that's cute that's cute
should we get her pinata so I found some
shirts just some like casual shirts and
some posters Chloe's birthday banner a
ship anything and I've done another pot
okay
hahaha they have like these shoes so
there's well Ashley I were just saying
that we should totally go on it because
we've never been on it or at least since
we were little right I'm sorry everyone
everything okay shout out like you've
answered anything about shout out angel
underscore Brown with two M's go follow
him but here guys it's favorite types of
videos Disney way so you really like
vernacular guys oh yeah yeah yeah well
thanks for saying hi guys we went
shopping look at you look at you car in
my car no I was my camera in my car but
we went to pressed juice to get some
juice then we stopped by target because
I wanted to get lowey's and stuff for
your birthday tomorrow yeah that's the
thing that happen for having a party as
you guys know is it excessive yes do I
care now but good shopping - yeah hey
happy but we'll find out
yeah this place is so cute it's like the
packing district place was really cool
at random you have a mini Anaheim
packing district if any because I've
been there it's like really cute all
hipster and whatnot hey guys so I'm
going to bed I spun to end this vlog
sorry it ended kind of abruptly I think
I'll see you guys tomorrow with a very
exciting Chloe birthday edition vlog but
yes I'll see you guys later and I love
you baby
