good morning guys what is up and welcome
to as if luck today
Loki just like chillin in the entryway
because like I forget about it sometimes
and that it's cute now and that I can
use it as a vlog background yeah
plan right now ash and I are gonna go
get some coffee because I'm not even
kidding it sounds so good just kidding
it sounds good every single day but like
you know what I mean you know what I'm
saying ah sorry uh also I'm not kidding
today is so freaking pretty it's so hot
though oh my gosh
oh the pool I feel like we should go
swimming today I'm not even kidding like
it's so hot that sounds so nice I've
been loving my hair and it points hey
lately I'm not gonna lie okay are you
kidding I have been ready I'm so jealous
cuz your car still smells new I worked
really hard so good I'm doing it too
nice oat milk wat amazing vanilla
service for being here
small sign-in
thank you oh my god so cute it says be
bold ash can take a photo me we got the
goods
I think ash wants a photo right here so
I think ash wants a photo right here
guess who's working in the new office
I'm really working so hard I'm actually
obsessed I'm not even kidding I'm so
excited I'm not even kidding like I'm
obsessed I've been so freaking freaking
a productive it's not even funny it's
been so hard because we had to keep this
a secret for like two weeks it's been so
hard not to vlog not to story not to
Instagram so I was gonna get some
editing done because um you know get
some editing done it's gonna get a
little messy only work which is a big
deal I think I mentioned to you guys
that we're like testing out different
prints to have here that we can like
change out but I like these I feel like
they're a little too bright though like
I think I wanted them a little more
muted just because I feel like the Navy
and the green kinda remind me of like a
little boy's room I don't know I could
be overthinking this and you guys could
be laughing at me but so might try to
get new ones but I'm just like I'm still
oh my god I love I love so much so I was
editing this vlog and then I realized
that I never showed you everything that
I got from urban I showed you guys what
I got from Free People and I showed you
what I got from lust but that's not all
we went to free people and I actually
found I just said free people read it we
went to Urban Outfitters and
I I'm not kidding I'm really excited um
let's see you're gonna change the
settings just a little bit so we did
some shopping
all right there's plane there's always a
point every time I'm trying to village
she's always on my level okay Urban
Outfitters so I got a few things from
here and there is a very common theme of
blue I don't know why I like not ever
since I went blonde but ever since I cut
my hair I've just been gravitating way
more towards blue things I think that's
kinda interesting first thing that I got
is this new hat do you have a lot of
baseball hats however there's only
probably one or two that I actually wear
a lot cuz up the other ones like fit
weird or whatever so I got a new one
this is adidas it's super cute love the
color for summer a new little baseball
cap it's always kind of important um
okay next thing that I got is just a
plain t-shirt it looks like this it's a
little crop thought it'd be cute yeah
then I got this bandana because the
fourth of July is coming up and I
thought this could be really cute to
style it somehow for that day or
whatever so I thought that'd be super
cute to like you know just like a little
blue bandanna being basic taking photos
I got two things of Calvin Klein
underwear but that's probably not that
interesting I also got this necklace
there's like two small choker really
dainty silver necklaces this was $18 for
two necklaces like nine each just not
too bad yes we love we love okay and
then the next thing that I got was the
one I showed you guys earlier like in
the vlog it's just like a Navy Cross
cropped jacket hoodie kind of similar to
the one I'm wearing but this one's a lot
thinner so I think it'll be perfect for
summer for like when it's just like
chilly out but you don't want like this
is honestly like I'm kind of really hot
in this right now I think it's so cute
and it's Tommy Hilfiger it was sixty
bucks I was kind of a lot but I
genuinely think I'm gonna wear this a
lot it's gonna be my new like green
Beverly Hills bun you know I wore that
in every single vlog I knew I was gonna
cry but I didn't think I would cry this
soon I feel like this is gonna be the
new sweatshirt that I wear 24/7
do you see all this blue so much oh
what's this oh okay
then I got a pair of sunglasses I oh I
have so many sunglasses very similar to
the Hat there's only a few that I
actually wear all the time but I just
got some super cute yellow small ones so
we're like all trendy and whatnot we got
those and then last but not least in
this bag I got this like texture spray
for my hair and you guys I'm not even
kidding
90% of the reason why I bought this was
for the packaging I'm not kidding like I
just kept staring at it I was like this
is such cute packaging because I have a
texture spray that I'd really like I
tried this one and the storks they had
like some try me ones and like you just
spray it and kind of like do you even
see that like it did so much and it
smells so good so we got that and that's
everything that I got from Urban
Outfitters freaking planes you hear them
yeah I forget our saying but I figured
but I figured you guys wanna see a haul
that's everything that I got look who's
here they just see like a little jumping
bean
hello what are we gonna do we gonna swim
and kick off summer I brought floaties
that I love that me to love it now yes I
love that song but first priorities we
have to blow these things up let's
okay I remember guys know this but
actually did a collaboration with fun
boy and I came up with the white
convertible floaty I literally like it's
the cutest thing ever
I'm gonna have a link to it in
description if you guys run by it it's
literally the cutest thing ever and it's
so massive and it's so cute it's all
retro link in the description but Randy
the the yacht one next this one's really
fun - yo how cute are these that's the
convertible this one's the yacht let's
go swimming up daytime we be chillin
what is this we're just having like the
best time like putting our keys in the
hot tub doesn't it feel so much more
like summer when you actually do summer
things I think when he said summer
things I thought of like chalk in a
driveway was like I wish you had chunk
does that remind you of like vlogmas
because like you would do Christmasy
things to feel like Christmas looks like
summer I could do that too um the smell
of curry
