good morning okay this actually looks
like neon on camera but I promise it's
not that great just contain ten is good
morning guys what's up miasma tea for
breakfast
actually I have been obsessed with these
lately for there's a bunch of random
stuff in here there's a banana cashew
milk finish date oats peanut butter ice
that's it tell them yep
so this morning I'm just spin it chillin
on it the couch I edited and uploaded
yesterday's vlog so what's up it's up
it's up its up go watch it I feel like I
said that every bug but seriously go
watch it May 14th which means today is
May 15 but can I help you or ear hold on
I got you oh my baby okay so I was
watching some YouTube videos just like
chillin it was like wait I should
totally take a lush back enjoy it
embrace it and then watch some YouTube
videos while I'm taking about that's
what I'm gonna do it's not a couple lush
products laughs I have the big blue bath
bomb which I think that's the last box
on my house I'm gonna have to use that
line and then I have to bubble bar I
have the like gold sparkly one and then
this flamingo one I'm filling like the
gold one I think maybe we'll do like
blue and gold that would be really
relaxing and then I like really really
quickly got ready I just did the same
thing that I did yesterday to my makeup
I put on foundation over the boy show
eyeshadow filled in my brows lightly and
just put mascara on and you know what
I'm kind of liking it I feel like I
definitely my hair is so crazy sorry
like I definitely got in the habit of
like wearing a full face of makeup every
every single day which is fine lately
I've been like wait why have I always
been doing that cuz I can get ready so
much faster if I just put on a little
bit of makeup I don't know like
especially like dude like today it's
like editing and uploading that's the
only thing and vlogging here um so
oh and I have homework to do too so
there's like that's like I'm not like no
one's home pressed even though there's
never anyone to impress also obsessed
with this candle obsessed that you guys
totally go get island midnight Ruby
cassis Valencia orange and sandalwood
yeah you should definitely go get it
because it smells seriously smells so so
good my hair is actually a hot mess
today
whoa yep mm-hmm anyways
that time time to edit video is mostly
done which is very exciting and however
I just spit X like four hours I'm just
gonna be like sitting so yeah but it'll
be so worth it I'm actually really
excited to get to this video I think
you're really gonna like it but I had
extra fun filming it the videos already
gonna be up by the time you see this
blog but I kept telling you guys in my
an epic surprise I was telling you to
look closely because it shows like what
this week's video was I literally showed
you guys my planner like my agenda and
it literally said upload Sunday testing
weird summer DIYs and uh so some of you
totally saw that and I thought that was
epic I was like dude print was so tiny
I'm surprised a lot of you saw hey I'm
currently exporting the video do you see
my face right here like what is the
sauce so I'm going to upload this do you
guys wanna see the thumbnail I was
working on it all day that's being weird
summer DIYs I didn't put testing because
I figured it'd just be like too
cluttered because there's like already
weird sub our DIY holding some exploding
chalk in my hand casual so really what
we do I'm so really we do all this so
I'm really excited to upload this video
so after you watch this vlog I want you
to stop what you do in and go watch this
video and say that the vlog channel sent
to you because blog babies you write
you'll see hey everyone are you going to
the gym yeah I think so my chunky monkey
they love her
is it Python Club currently taking Chloe
for a walk that's what we do multiple
times a day
come on guys with my video public like
literally just just just now like right
now so we're gonna go you know the
common oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god
okay actually really like that in some
videos I thought today video is up I've
been replying to a lot of comments and
stuff but I you guys I need coffee I
haven't had it at all and it's 3 o'clock
3:15 diamonds have it this morning but I
was like well if we go to a coffee shop
later like I don't want to have some
this morning and some lighters I'd
rather wait we're obviously staying home
Arnie Cox does a wrong one why did I do
that Adam okay which coffee mug do I
want to use I think I'm gonna use this
one Kurt today we're going with these
Starbucks blonde roast if you are
wondering life hack if you put all of
your sweetener and creamer and all that
stuff in before the coffee pours then
you don't need a spoon boom oh yeah see
it all just mixed up by itself
you don't need a dirty a spoon mind
blown right yeah oh my gosh that looks
so beautiful
just so excited right now outfit of the
day time so necklace is Ashley's it's
from Urban Outfitters or yes remember
Outfitters I wanna say I'm totally sold
say so yeah my dress is also from Urban
Outfitters I've had this for such a long
time I honestly like wore it out I
definitely like weren't too much so I
stopped wearing it do you have the
review that would close underneath I
have this bra less that's from a free
people I want to say I think it looks
really cute just like kind of peeking
out and stuff and yes it's just like a
t-shirt dress it's really weird angle
it's like a like t-shirt dress I think
it looks really cute with choker yeah
this model it was work oh okay so
sometime between last week and this week
my room became a mess again although
it's not that bad like this at my room
perfect this time my room is not perfect
so we are going to clean that up right
now
oh my gosh so much better okay so if you
saw yesterday's vlogs and you would know
that I went shopping at Target like I do
and I got this little like makeup patty
thing I think it was called a glamour
catty little like um makeup caddy it's
called the glamour caddy and you guys
know I do my makeup here at my desk all
the time and I usually just bring out my
makeup bags it's not like lay everything
out I could put all of my everyday
makeup stuff in here it has a little
handle so I can just pull it out of the
drawer bring it to my desk and then
bring it you know I mean I thought
that'd be cool so it's the moment of
truth to see if all of my everyday
makeup fits here and I like the idea if
it's gonna work we're gonna we're gonna
try it out there this is kind of fun how
do I want to do this eyeliner all that
fun stuff here I don't know how to put
everything I don't think I'm gonna put
makeup brushes in here just because
there's too many my gosh you guys I'm
liking this I already like the idea of
it mm okay so I think I have a good
start for now I'm we have foundation
concealer primer powders blush eye
shadow lipstick lip kits and then here
is like eyelashes and eyebrows so I have
eyebrows eyebrow pencil mascara eyeliner
and eyelash curler is that nice okay so
now did it do we're gonna find somewhere
to put you okay so it looks like it fits
perfectly in the deeper drawers yay oh
my gosh that makes me so happy okay so
every morning all I have to do is pull
this out school this out and then I can
do for the most part like all of my
makeup that makes me so so happy also a
lot of you guys have been wanting like a
makeup like collection tour or anything
like that so if you want that thumbs up
this video let me know in the comments
and I can definitely do that I might
need to clean this out a little bit
question do you guys remember to use a
flip camera my dad run over the other
day because he's like oh my gosh look
what I found this was the second camera
that I started filming my youtube videos
on literally so it's so long ago it's
been a year since I've even touched that
I'm going to see if it has any
memory on it if there's any videos on it
I'm so curious to see if what's on it
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh there's
so many videos oh my gosh okay so we
have ones from cheer obviously a whole
bunch of cheer ones
oh my gosh this is crazy oh my gosh so
many old videos is crazy
yeah there's some of cheer the usual I
missing tabbouleh salad and it looks
bomb some pita bread what'd you get same
thing it's good bread and I wanted to
end it thank you so so so much for
watching and I hope that you liked it I
will see you as tomorrow with another
vlog being and yeah probably go to bed
1250 and don't forget to watch my new
video today and yeah I love you guys bye
