Wow Wow we look real cute good morning
guys what is up I am currently doing my
makeup and you're probably like why are
you sitting here doing your makeup that
makes no sense your vanity is normally
over there but now I have it over here
sorry I deciding it's like coming step
few things one I'm currently getting
ready because I figured for midday we're
recording pretty basic and I have like
maybe like an hour till I have to leave
and then I have a hair appointment later
so I'm gonna be gone all day also
literally any second Ilana I hate this
lighting okay so much better literally
any second I'm having a delivery because
I may have ordered a new vanity desk I'm
so excited so that's why this one's over
here honestly after I got my new bed
frame I was just like oh my gosh let's
do it all just kidding I really there
really isn't too much more I did get a
plant like you guys saw in yesterday's
vlog so that I'm gonna end up putting
the fiddle leaf one here I'm really
really hoping that the desk looks good
they called and said that they're gonna
be here basically any minute to set it
up so I always loved the style of this
desk the only thing is I have so much
makeup you guys as you know it's kind of
a problem and these drawers don't hold
that much and they like always gets like
you can't open it with one hand so yes
that's what's going on my room feels so
empty it's written what feels even more
weird though is doing my makeup right
here like it's kind of crazy I am like
so excited to get new vanity this
lighting man oh that's a little better
except my face is just like life anyway
so yeah that's coming any second I need
to finish getting ready I look you might
scare the rancher delivery people if I
look like this so let me put on some
brows this is so weird also watching
Molly's vlogs best freaking creamer of
life yes
okay I'm realizing how rough that
lighting was makeup is done like in the
brows furniture people start but why
can't I talk the furniture people still
aren't here yet so I'm gonna run
downstairs and hopefully make some
breakfast real quick before they get
here because I'm hungry you know behind
the scenes I feel like they're gonna
want to see the face of it more No
yeah okay rescue good morning babe she
was a little snuggle bug last night
okay you know what it's almost time to
start using those Christmas cups yo
we're out of coffee
you stole it off okay I guess we're
gonna get coffee today also if you saw
yesterday's vlog I went to Urban
Outfitters and I actually bought this
hat which I've been wanting one for such
a long time and every time I go to buy
one they only have an extra small
apparently they do come in sizes but I
feel like it looks weird vlogging from
the front I kind of feel like toad toad
toad like toad Mario toad or like Luigi
or like anyway also what they're done
with the vanity and I'm so excited to
see it oh it looks so good oh my gosh it
looks so good I know I feel like I need
to put the new tree I'm gonna have so
much more room to do my makeup I feel
like it looks more basic
I loved how Kate did this one because I
feel like it kind of went better where
this kind of looks more just like a
bedroom set do you know what I mean I
feel like it's just a little more me and
we can totally like change out these
this corner so bad and then I'm gonna
have the new tree there but I have to go
guys I'm actually like running out of
time I have to go to the podcast thing
so maybe we'll have to do that later
tonight or tomorrow but yeah oh my god I
love it
do you probably need to get a new mirror
though because I don't feel like man
kind of goes I don't know I like the
circle though that is so I love it oh my
god okay I also recently got these shoes
I was with Remy when I ordered them
online and I showed her and she was like
oh my god I'm obsessed I need to try
this so I'm literally wearing these two
are recording for pretty basic just so
she can try them on oh thank you you
know I've never had white boots like
this and it's hard to get on we're good
we got this first of all do not mind the
massive mess behind me here is the OOTD
I'm loving it also I have this like mini
straightener thing we can put that down
okay so like I said hat some Urban
Outfitters if my shirt is actually from
my friend Eli's clothing line it's
called a collective X and when I had a
link in the description box you guys
should buy it it
super cute and the back is like really
cool but I got an extra large because I
wanted to wear oversized so then I have
a black belt
some black biker shorts and those are
from pretty little thing and then my
white boots which are from Sam Edelman
and they're so cute normally I don't
like just knee-high boots like usually I
like over the knee but um I actually
really like this look everyone's gonna
back why are you so dressed up today you
normally come in your PJs like I said I
have a hair appointment later and fill
me later I've like random stuff going on
so yeah hey am I gonna ice almond milk
latte with vanilla
oh my god guys I thought I wasn't gonna
have coffee today I'm really cutting it
close right now but it's okay we're good
so on top of getting coffee which was
probably gonna make me late I realize I
have no gas so again we're gonna get
there okay good enough I just need to
make sure I can get there and back in
one piece
does anyone else hate gassing up their
car I feel like this vlog is just
starting and we already have so much
going on let's go to the recording
studio I also don't have my car tripod I
get enough yay high five as penis
we love their idea we made it to the
recording studio hello are you planning
on the pretty basic podcast instrument
says tag you're pretty basic friend I
just tagged you okay I'm ready let's do
it
do it subscribe to pretty basic on an
Apple podcast Spotify Google or wherever
you listen to your podcast you I've
gotten so I used to suck at saying that
guys like I literally couldn't now I can
hallo
hey guys what's up right number ring
aren't girls supporting girls merch
don't forget to buy it link in the
description box was that very Adalind
maybe maybe not I love it yeah anyways
we are currently at lunch and I'm so
excited because I'm starving and she's
really good this is the Oh Trudy I
didn't want to do my hair so we're
wearing a hat and I do have that hair
appointment later bye figured we're just
chilling I'm with time DK okay guys I
literally got what was called a protein
and veggies and this is the furthest
thing from just protein and veggies that
I thought like this looks so good oh my
god I'm going to eat and I'm a hungry
update time it's a lot a lot later Isaac
I stand tall I got my hair done or maybe
you couldn't tell most likely honestly
90% of you guys couldn't even tell us
enough just kidding but I did get my
hair dyed and I didn't realize how much
I needed it done until now literally I
feel like it looks so much better
honestly we like barely did much it was
just like a touch-up so I'm not gonna be
like oh my god I got new hair cuz I
really didn't but yeah there's so much
traffic I finally came home and I did
some editing and yes also I got some
organization like things and I've been
trying to kind of organize these drawers
a little bit we got a long way to go so
maybe tomorrow we can like fully
organize stuff because we got a lot to
do also I need to take that off but
anyways I'm actually kind of tired so
I'm gonna start getting ready for bed I
can take off my makeup do all that fun
this dot I really need like a tripod or
somewhere to sit my camera or like a
shelf or just something so I can sit my
camera in my bathroom I feel like right
here would be perfect you know ya know
maybe I should get like a little shelf
or something on the walls so you guys
can just sit here that'd be perfect
much better anyways I think I'm gonna go
to bed because your girl is tired thank
you guys so much for watching and I will
see you guys turn off new vlog yeah I'll
talk to you then bye
