good morning guys what is up welcome to
the vlog I am currently gonna throw on
some makeup I don't feel like taking
forever to do no today's a lazy day it's
it's just it's just a lazy day today hi
I figured this be easier also I'm
vlogging real quick so just letting you
know why don't you meet me here and then
get coffee and then we can go to your
place yeah okay okay and then if you
want to either
uber yeah if you want to over here that
I can just drive us back to your place
afterwards okay but then come whenever
because I'm a little just getting ready
but I'm not gonna get like fully ready
I'm probably gonna be like defeatist
with what I'm wearing I feel like I'm
not doing my hair I throw on some makeup
yes like feet is cute
okay let me know when you're headed this
way okay bye okay so well I suck at
multitasking
through this way too later okay Nicki's
gonna head over soon we're gonna have a
girl's lazy Sunday we're gonna go
shopping get some coffee and then
probably just have like an editing movie
night honestly that sounds amazing
we just chill it we I think of weird
stuff like this all the time literally
we spend a good amount of time like
painting our face every single day do
you know what I mean it's kind of really
weird but it's so normal so normal for
someone to spend an hour like painting
their face sorry I just get thoughts
like this all the time and I'm like that
is crazy okay I need a hurry so I think
we should do a time up
oh no there's a smudge still for today's
makeup I kind of live with something a
little more just like actually didn't
put on any eyeshadow I really just did
like face and brows and let because you
know what like I just I just don't care
I don't care - don't care I feel like I
should probably change though because
rocking just some weird stuff yeah what
do we wear big question of the day um I
want to be really chill I got on so are
these shorts but like maybe yeah I feel
like it's hot outside
should I just wear this oh yo I think I
might I think I might just wear this oh
my god that's Tiffany maybe like a
flannel tie or mm-hmm okay I think I'm
gonna still a flannel from Ashley
because I have no flannels and she has a
million oh this could work that could
definitely work guys I am being so lazy
today if it wasn't hot outside I think I
would definitely just work anyways okay
question of the day what color shirt are
you wearing comment it below okay I need
to clean up all of this because it's
kind of a hot mess
and it's clean so let's get all situated
no we don't like this
we're just hold it do you guys have my
last vlog then you would know that we
had our office redone and I told you
guys in that video that in my but my
very next video I was gonna show you
guys the full tour and everything so
here it is and I am so excited to show
you guys like it made it it's so much
better one shoe oh my gosh I like I am
sorry I'm sorry this is not our office
like this is our new office I love it so
so so so so much like I love that we
have the same exact calendar well it's a
different one because the other one said
December for like six months but I love
that we have the same calendar it kept
our same desks these are from Ikea if
you remember Loki who remembers our
move-in vogs
where we like we're decorating the
office for the first time ok so right
now I'm about to tackle the desk
OMG that looks amazing so crazy and we
got to keep the sofa because I love this
thing so much just the book everything
about this I'm obsessed with it's so
different like so different oh my god I
love this so much so this is Ashley side
this is my side oh oh also Shara gave us
a few different options for picture
frames here let me know which one you
guys like better I'd like to screen one
better
do you like the pink one better I
honestly love both we have both up right
now to kind of decide which we like but
yes I'm obsessed
Nikki's coming over any second so I
gotta go but oh my god I am
luck is here
or so being us right now guess where we
are why are you gonna like call me out
like that like drinks this much god I
know it's a problem remember when I
didn't drink coffee I would be like
decaf I love like converting people to
drink coffee I feel like a problem my
coffee addiction starts with you we are
currently at Starbucks is the base place
and we're excited when you see green
awnings
I'm just figuring out my new camera
don't you love it though it's like so
much better it is and it's like
convenient cuz it's small
hey guys it's vlog section do you
remember I'm in a book I don't know if I
want like a pink drink type thing or if
I want um okay but they just came out
with this um Mingo one for summer and
that's like the new pink tree mango
refresher yeah yeah it's like a mango
change in my life right now
aha do you have one a new refresher okay
can we get um to venti
oh oh no it's okay can we get to a venti
pink drinks yeah that's all going to the
base place the joke is that I don't have
a base of this is my base place I
literally wanted a pink drink yesterday
never got it and then you mentioned
getting handsome ASMR ah oh my god
doesn't it like remind you of a time
period yeah nostalgia like taste
triggers nostalgia remember you're never
right it mm-hmm here we go oh my gosh
okay
you were outdoors and you're like let's
see how this is and probably their hog I
bought it like I got wooden it's the mom
we're gonna do some shopping I recently
started using these like scrubby things
from lush there so it's literally the
best thing ever and it's like I found it
well it's really the best thing ever
ever okay
you didn't convince somebody to get it
it's so cute
I swear I've got a few things didn't go
crazy but I got three things that I'm
really excited for not like I need
anymore sunglasses what we find
okay so we went to lush we got some
things should I just do a haul right now
oh my god I'm literally gonna do it I'm
literally gonna do an outdoor haul don't
judge me we got lush all right got one
of these least scrub bar so good scrub
it all out just ready to be hardcore
I got another scrubby which we already
know I talked about and said that I
freaking love it's amazing this is just
like another massage bar but it said it
was like it's like peach in something it
smells so so that's all that I got from
lush and then I literally only got a few
things from Free People
I got this shirt and this necklace I got
this necklace which is just like a layer
little thing which we love and then I
got this oversized like graphic tee I've
just been feeling fat lately and just
want big baggy t-shirts okay I'm on my
period okay TMI and that was my Audrey
Hall next up we are going to Urban
Outfitters we a be in urban literally
just here the other day so I'm not gonna
buy too much but Nicki wanted to come
did we find anything I need to get more
comfy shirts cuz I'm only getting dressy
stuff lately so my god I got two Bandos
cuz summer we got some goods guys I
found this sweatshirt and I am obsessed
with it it's like a Navy Cross
oh my god sorry this lighting is mom
busy Beth I should have turned but umm
yeah we got the goods
I'm not gonna lie I'm actually really
excited about everything that we got
that I got Hey
