good morning guys made at my breakfast
it's like this bomb smoothie banana
spinach dates cashew milk
oh gosh flaxseed is button but it's
about 8:30 in the morning and I was just
about to put yesterday's vlog public I
still have to do the thumbnail and then
that gets done oh my gosh it's actually
pouring outside right now
what is this okay this literally came
out of nowhere it's okay I actually
really like the rain because it hardly
rains here although I will say it kind
of sucks because I was supposed to get
some shots by the pool today swimming
don't know if that's gonna happen that
kind of sucks I really need those clips
boom what that oh my gosh so that's
daytime spin a little bit as you can
probably tell it's currently 1:45 p.m.
happy Friday guys I just have lazy
morning and I got ready beautiful cold
and yeah I just try makeup I would have
shown you guys but honestly the past two
logs I've showed you do my makeup I want
to change it up every now and then you
know are you gonna see me do my makeup
today
you don't know no also I have been
obsessed with doing a little bit less
eyeliner loving it loving it all so I
just put dry shampoo in my hair don't
really do it so anyways we are about to
currently film the intro for my new
video this weekend a little bit early
got dessert there so that is super
exciting going to do that right now I
have a little more filling to do today
and then just a lot a lot of editing
we're gonna try to go to my parents
house tonight and just we're not kidding
we're not going be out anyways I think
it's just gonna be a good chill editing
day oh the lighting got weird all the
sudden all of this dud
anyway supposed to yeah yeah Ashley
would you mind blogging for me just a
little bit but any other any of it
uh-hmm
um let me know if you've ever felt that
this works for you for you to see this
video I put a little extra effort into
it so if you it's not you know like
August I don't know what am I saying
so um so obviously you guys I feel like
all my folks have been so exciting
lately or what is going on with the
world no I the long story short I got a
present from maker today and I am so
ecstatic don't even know a guy came and
delivered it and it's like it was so
obvious like what they were from the box
dear Lisa so excited your friend part of
the family love maker studios that's all
oh my god oh my goodness this maker
loves Alicia oh my gosh oh my gosh I did
not thank you so much maker in the
platform I am probably going to eat all
of these and I'm gonna have no regrets
actually I'm not gonna have all of them
yes oh my gosh that was so sweet they
did not have to do this I feel like tank
guys for real though aren't you supposed
to eat a healthy when you have a
beautiful box of doughnuts with your
name your name maybe they just like
won't count you know ya know ya know my
arms are sore from the gym and I'm
really holding up my arm to hold up my
arm because it's lilies or don't shy out
first wait first I have to snapchat it
and I have to take a picture and post
this on Twitter once I feel like I
should be all fancy and like with this
like that's so first thing like I mean
this is so cute ready ready ready Square
or no square no square no square really
so now we have to make some coffee
because coffee and donuts are live oh
don't mind the like half of Oh anyone
try am oh wait no this one's okay so I'm
eating the eye of Alicia and it has
fruity pebbles on it hmm no I look like
a boy my happy place
oh we are filming literally so like
perfect lighting because it was raining
earlier it's like all overcast perfect
lighting makes me so happy
Oh what's happening get in oh good for
the video hey guys what is that
so we're currently um filming
we just finished filming I'm swimming
the pool totally lied I thought it was
cold at first but it's actually really
work I don't know how I did that also
don't worry false lashes in the pool I
didn't think that's true today
not my brightest moment who also I'm
obsessed with this bikini I got it from
forever 21 and I loved it
Sierra's battery I'm like a pear shape
it took me a long time I'd like to
accept my pear shape but now I think I
like it love my pear shape
oh we're gonna cut all this out anyway
now we have to go edit okay buddy hey
guys I feel so much better
I see the shower because after going
blonde I like gets paranoid about like
chlorine and damage and stuff
second we came home I took shower and
it's so random but because it was the
middle of the day like I didn't take my
makeup off I just like washed my hair I
didn't like scrub my face or anything
have you ever done that I do that a lot
and like cases like this that made no
sense kind of there's like a handful of
times right like and let's take off my
makeup when I'm showering probably just
should have taking it off because it
looks horrible I know I was just
thinking like oh it'll be a quick shower
like just just wash my hair then offers
it's like oh they're probably gonna be
like why is your makeup stuff also I'm
so comfy right now and I'm off the
rocking like gray I don't know why I
just just happen that way comfy outfit
of the day ready still can't put you
there that's an ugly background okay
this lovely cardigan thing is from Urban
Outfitters I love it I got it when I was
on tour and it's just big and baggy and
comfy and y'all see this I think this is
Nicky's she left it the last
time she was here it's a should have
been a unicorn should have been a
unicorn Oh should have been a unicorn oh
great my Urban Outfitters short what
oh this kidding this is Ashley Ashley
I'm wearing a shirt knee-high socks or
must I got these these are Heather
forever or urban I want to see their
forever though no no no no these were
targeted forever ago I know like my
favorite knee-high socks are in all time
but yeah clean and comfy how I like to
be dumped importing all this footage I
reheated my coffee from earlier
I didn't drink at all you know what's
funny actually really rare for me to
finish my coffee I feel like when you
guys see me get like two or sometimes
three a day you're like whoa girl you so
do but a lot of times I like barely
drink half I don't know like a comfort
thing like I just like having it with me
it's really bad it's probably like sign
of an addiction I'm like welcome you're
all migrated to my bedroom getting it
with it but it looks like it on the blog
goodness so yes editing right here
ashley is editing over there oh what's
your next video through the vlog babies
get a sneak peek oh my gosh really yeah
go watch it I'm going to be doing some
editing honestly all night right here
this spot this spot yeah also I got my
favorite comfy blanket because I figured
if I'm going all comfy like I gotta like
it embrace it you know you know oh my
gosh I'm so comfy
hey guys welcome to my room
today's episode on fun is black we're
gonna be having a special guest Ashley
everyone welcome Ashley thanks Ashley
any Big Bang Theory fans out there and
she like gue represents fun besides that
dude I visit so
hey what's up hello Ashton are gonna
meet Karen right now for dinner we were
getting ramen at our favorite ramen
place out here so soon it rains like all
you want is like soup with ramen or like
you know you know we're going right now
I'm excited I'm excited see Taryn - it's
been a while oh my goodness literally
like 40 minutes later we finally sat
down and we finally got a ramen and I'm
so excited
I'm at the vlog miss - you know what
you're looking kind of Harry Potter's
yeah it's the scarf with the glasses in
the red hair hey guys so it's been so
long since I've last long currently 138
am effing Lee did not realize how late
it got but we are still editing good
news this video is mostly done so I'm
really excited I think I don't know I'm
Way less stressed like I know for a fact
it'll be up Sunday really excited I'm
honestly really sorry for this video
it's something it's just really
different but I will totally understand
when you see it feeling proud of it
that's all I say anyways I just want to
end this vlog I love you guys so so so
much and I'll see you tomorrow with a
new vlog yo holla
okay bye yeah
