good morning I mean coffee realize how
much I'm not a morning person I kind of
am because I love waking up early my
ideal day would to be to be a morning
person wake up like 6:00 a.m. like today
what kind of like eight takes me forever
to actually wake up even if I wake up at
like 12 I don't wake up like wide awake
I wake up like you know then I take that
back sometimes I wake up and I'm like on
top of the world why hello world at 7:00
a.m. and I don't know let's get coffee
oh my gosh yeah oh my gosh Panera coffee
with a star how is that I was explaining
to them that I'm not a morning person
like sometimes I bet it just eats me
forever to wake up okay we are home and
I'm about to start getting ready because
today is a very big filming day and you
know she's probably do my hair and put
some makeup on
dun-dun-dun-dun standard I'm down - down
- down down down down that's - hello
room getting out the makeup I do it at
my desk again today
well make mastani
very exciting and now we are going to
work on the mess of the hair that is my
hair I'm just gonna curl it also I tried
out a new look brow product I normally
use the anastasia dipbrow i love this i
love it so so so much if you guys know
Jacqueline I'm obsessed with her for
like the longest time Jacqueline Hill
has been recommending the brow definer
the new one from Anastasia dasya or
Anastasia however you just however using
it the triangle one so it's a lot
thicker and I'm not even getting it's so
easy to apply normally I spend a good
amount of time on at my eyebrows just
because like with like the dip brow you
can be really precise so I could easily
spend like five minutes total putting on
I'm filling in my eyebrows but with this
it's literally so so quick so if you
have school or work or anything where
you have to get ready really fast in the
morning I definitely recommend this it's
so much better than the brow is I did to
get a lighter color because they were
out of the medium brown so I got the
soft brown honestly looks really good
it's really natural and I am obsessed
with it figured I would share the
obsession and you guys should go get it
if you're looking for newbs eyebrow
pencil and I like it and hair is finally
done it looks so much better
I haven't actually curled my hair and
the longest time it feels really good
actually like doing my hair okay guys so
one handsome thing today is Nikki and
Gabby's birthday oh my god happy
birthday it's currently 11:48 a.m. which
means in Pennsylvania has 3 hours ahead
there's almost 3 o'clock couple days ago
I ordered them's birthday presents to
get there on their birthday but I wanted
to surprise them like not say anything I
have their address because I was just
there the problem is they haven't text
me yet I don't know if it's there and it
says it was delivered some little
confused I don't know they just haven't
like gone outside seen it part of me is
worried like what if for some reason I
got like the address wrong what if it
didn't get to like their actual house
and I paid extra so we can get there on
their actual birthday like I thought
that'd be really cool know kind of like
patiently waiting for a text to come I'm
literally like any minute it should be
give you text book any minute my
situation right now I just should be
home CNN we're going to film all all all
day probably should clean up and you
know like make my bed and stuff Oh
bugging me oh my gosh I just want to
make sure it got there like I'm
like I don't know I something sure it
got there yeah so I'll keep you guys
updated but okay so I forgot to tell you
guys I recently got some more like fairy
lights and then these little like photo
clips from Urban Outfitters so I just
put those up and it was really easy
which was which was awesome as you guys
can see but right now I'm gonna try to
find some Polaroids so I can hang them
mats I think you guys even like this
video it's really different
and a lot more fun with like the
creativeness of it so why not like it do
I need to do oh alright I have a
Polaroid little like photo album stuff
with a whole bunch of Polaroids most of
them are from tour because I brought my
polaroid when we went on tour last year
and it was so much fun taking so many
pictures all look at Chloe
so money let's keep it we good this
one's like from San Francisco it's so
cute oh we don't have one - I have quite
a few so you can grab a lot whoa
no I'm gonna take these I'm going to
hang them on the little photo clips oh
my gosh that is so cute
I love it I'm honestly so surprised I
haven't done this like sooner new room -
coy huh oh my gosh I think it's like you
although now I want to like take more
Polaroids it's been a while since I have
so much film I just maybe like take
Polaroids take pictures here we go I
think it's time to start this currently
drinking one of my favorite juices in
the entire world is the press citrus 3
it's grapefruit and mint like literally
that's all it is and it is so so good oh
my gosh even if you don't like
grapefruit you should try it I couldn't
handle anymore so I just texted them and
I was like um hi darker shadows like um
a little birdie told me to tell you to
check your foot ports look an emoji face
I want them to open it on their birthday
but what if it doesn't get to that house
and I'd like to know you know what if
you're like there's nothing there I'll
be like oh we're currently filming
eating some copies like do they need to
be there no does it make
ughter yes am I happy that they're here
mom if you aren't gonna kill me
seriously still obsessed with this I
think it's so it doesn't add so much
like so much so we are currently filming
I'm kind of nervous for this video it
might be a little shorter like I said
but I think you're gonna like it on
though tonight when I like edit all the
footage that we get today but yeah let
me know if you have any ideas what it is
I will say there are some bikinis
involved but that's not like it's more
creative than what you think so it's not
like obvious yes I'm gonna leave it with
that showing them a bit cool money look
at the booty money I was just seeing for
like two minutes and realized that this
stop recording be there you have to go
see Nicky's blog if you want to see what
I got okay
mission accomplished they gotta present
you the black one but I was like no the
blue one cuz Nicky's play yeah you guys
oh my goodness where does that piece of
hair go I'm most likely going to hit a
million subscribers on this channel
today oh my gosh trying to film so I
don't want to talk too much right now
but oh my goodness ah I knew I was gonna
hit it and but I saw honestly thought
it'd be sometime next week it literally
just hit me I was looking at my channel
and everyone was tweeting me like
everyone was like oh my gosh you only
have 500 left to go and I was like wait
what
and then the next thing I know I have
400 left you like wait I probably
actually hit a million today I never
ever thought my main channel would hit a
million subscribers let alone my second
channel which is just me showing you my
day work
oh look at your knees you're a little Oh
mommy I love you
anyway just had to update you guys on
that Ashley staring at me like we got a
film I'm like I know yeah gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh so we got
nine nine nine nine nine six seven seven
seven five who went subscribe oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh what is
life what is life
oh my god we just hit a million
subscribers on my second till I didn't
think it would happen that bad I thought
I was gonna take a couple more days
oh my god I can't sappy moment I
remember hitting a million subscribers
on my main channel I recently hit a
million subscribers and now we have
second Channel I never thought people
who care about my day-to-day life that
much like that many people think hey
guys what's up so I'm still in a great
mood
I have an exciting announcement that I'm
going to and I wanted to do something
different to say thank you for a million
vlog babies on this channel I am going
to do my very very first you know aka a
live stream I'm going to be a huge party
it will not grow I'm going to be cute if
you actually decorated it like a party
but let's be real let's probably not
gonna be cute I might go all out we'll
see you're going to be at next Thursday
okay all the informations gonna be in
the description box and I'm gonna talk
about it and probably every vlog up
until then Thursday which is May 12th
I'm probably like the evening I'm gonna
like still figure out the exact date and
time and put a tear on the screen and in
the description box yeah I've never done
a live stream by myself I've done the
last one I did I think was like two or
three years ago with Sierra or Mia I've
really been wanting to do it one for the
longest time and um and yeah so I
figured that was like a perfect I don't
know it's like a live stream basically
it's like a live video feed of me
talking and then you guys can comment
and it's just like a live vlog you know
so I thought it'd be really cool I'm
excited I'm really excited oh my gosh
I am so hungry you guys don't even know
got the usual I know Mediterranean salad
with an F hole what you get Oh
I good the leashes usual okay they got
the suits cuz I'm actually the gun good
we think she has a cold babe we're
sitting maybe some great beautiful
windows so the Lighting's like deep set
which is nice
it's normally under and there are little
things that youtubers appreciate you
know that's Darrell dessert we went to a
coffee shop let's see it is now
951 p.m. literally my favorite coffee
shop like ever only downfall is I swear
there are only like two or three outlets
in the entire store and it's being right
next to a college and really popular
it's a very unlikely to get an outlet
and obviously like with editing like my
battery goes down so fast oh my gosh and
you guys I got a brulee latte so so good
obviously this was like a splurge it
would not have this like every single
day and they put sugar on top and then
they torch the top so it's like like
creme brulee but like just not creme
brulee but a latte version oh my gosh it
is so good usually don't drink all of my
lattes but I actually drink that entire
thing and it was so good I don't regret
it
yeah anyways we're back home and I'm
going to edit a little more of my main
channel video and then I think I'm going
to edit this vlog so I can get it up in
the morning for you guys or I'll wake up
early and edit it
but I probably should edit it tonight
yeah
