good morning guys and welcome to today's
bug today's sick one today yeah it's
Wednesday April 27 2016 also if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog then you
would not know that I'm currently in
Nicky's room what boy yeah I'm gonna be
in Pennsylvania for the next few days
and I'm still a couple don't like like
say six days pay I don't know Oh ever I
can't really go a week basically I'm so
excited to get excited for awesome vlogs
like I like I know I've known for a few
weeks now but I didn't want to tell you
guys until like it happened and it
happened and I was like no I'm here um
so yeah oh
little belly oh you make me miss Chloe
so much yeah I won in this he hang look
at the little no I can't you like I love
her okay Oh Lily my makeup you are so
cute
well can you give us a makeup tip
what'll be doing okay contouring and
using a highlight mm really weird spot
but it makes a huge difference right
your Cupid's bow right oh oh so anyways
I think we're going to go get some
breakfast and just chill it's a chill
day I'm so jealous cloudy oh yeah that's
going on I just show when you go to my
channel scroll all the way down to the
way over clapping Paris surprise trip
travel vlog what yeah go watch it go
watch it go watch it go watch it yes if
you like travelling vlogs I love
traveling along so for me I'm like yes
like this is a must you have to go watch
it I look like such a fetus when I wear
no makeup with that hat I mean my face
is red anyway but on top of it like the
pink cast like a red shadow so it looks
even cuter obviously I don't care enough
because I still vlog but still eat okay
yes yes yeah going on let's do it
this is like our video welcome to gonna
do food got some breakfast looks so good
I got an egg white omelet with some
fruits and a little orange slice and it
looks really good well actually it was
good because I took a goodbye so yeah
that is what
I just cute like a little like diner
looking thing we like so cute like been
did you looking I'm obsessed with
planning out a video to get excited
actually really like the theme of this
one I think it's really different and I
haven't really seen I'll be coming in
anyone maybe like a couple people do
something similar but like not like what
we're doing just been economical I don't
know why I chose them pull people over
complicate everything people thought it
was a look at your life you have no idea
I mean I guess it's obvious what we're
doing
get ready for a minute gap Alisha nicob
leash
- yeah so we just did our Duncan trance
so Duncan's a thing here everything on
Starbucks I'm cheating on Starbucks
there's Starbucks oh there's just
farther like this was like here it's
like I got a coffee and I'm so excited I
was so so excited
I do love Duncan I like it better than
Starbucks I mean although about that
once you get cookie dough flavored ice
coffee with a little bit of sugar and no
cream because you know yeah
dairy oh oh my gosh it's so cute here
it's actually Sun it's just like open
calling your Khloe on accident you have
a dog look at the dogs you have let me
know in the comments I'm so curious what
up guys update I'm currently 439 p.m. is
waiting for it to turn 40 Instagram
ready for it ready for it yeah yeah
aren't we cute guys you're so cute I can
edit picture so good you can you can do
it
ready ready ready ready I hit it
hey birthday budgets a posting Phil oh
yeah you're way too late you're way too
late wait wait tell me what number you
really are you're not this you must have
you're like three times I I wrote six
okay I put when you wish upon a star
Nathan okay PS tag your Disney squad
below also add me on snapchat is who
have it he I like um like laying down
which like chillin like what up guys
ready yeah yeah literally what am i
doing I like how like when I'm here
still feels like I'm vlogging at home
does that make sense like I personally
like vlog
people's like chill enough they're like
home and like stuff and I feel like I'm
just I like so what am I doing with my
life
my eyebrows are kind of dark I didn't I
should watch every single I got you I
got you let's do it let's keep it this
oh it looks so good on the team oh
because I've uploaded like two vlogs I
uploaded it I got you right right I'm a
hot mess so literally fast forward like
six or seven hours don't even know what
happened
currently a 1 a.m. and I just was
editing this fog in her eyes I haven't
vlogged for the longest time ever while
I was editing ed in the hood while I was
editing this vlog I realized Gaby is not
in this whatsoever and this always comes
up in vlogs especially when I hang out
with niki and gabi designer comments
that Gaby's left out or either comment
that Nikki left out or advice or
whatever totally not the case like
whatever like I honestly laugh and I see
comments like that like we all do don't
be starting rumors guys it's just funny
Gaby had a few things going on she had
to go to school for whatever reason and
then chant something else but she was
here and hang out but I didn't vlog it
like I don't blog like 24/7 oh yeah so I
thought I'd mention that cuz I'm sure
there's gonna be comments up until
people see this part of the vlog oh my
hair okay he's been a pretty pretty
chill day I feel like every other day
we're gonna be doing a lot more voices
still kind of gone and honestly I feel
like it was really good for today just
to like be chilling that so much better
but you can still hear my voice my voice
is like they're still so I think as
Goods kind of like relaxed especially
after Coachella and playlist just to
have like a few days to chill we'll
start doing more stuff like more fun
stuff later on but yes I'm gonna end
this vlog here I'm sorry it's kind of
short and just like a chill whatever
vlog but I'm gonna take off my makeup
and I'm honestly really tired I think
I'm just gonna go to bed early thing
we're gonna watch a movie and go to bed
like honestly that sounds amazing to me
because I'm kind of tired but yeah
anyways I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you tomorrow with a new
love love you guys mom
you
