what up you guys so today is Saturday
and we are current week well yeah we
apparently on the way to target right
now say is a filming day I have not
filmed all week which is really bad I'm
hoping to film the entire video today
although it is gonna be like a simple
type of video so yeah should be good but
I'm excited I think it's gonna go up
Monday only because sunday is Easter and
I feel like everyone's probably gonna
have plans and so it's most likely gonna
most likely gonna go up Monday good
morning now good morning cannolis so
yeah I'm looking up pretty ratchet right
now and I'm gonna head to target to get
any supply and all supplies study for
the video and cash is gonna come with me
and it should be fun should be fun
currently walking into target being
unbelievably ratchet eating oatmeal oh
yeah I look so cute
vlog camera takeover look at how that
dick yellow button
Oh awkward jacket every trade secure
pink shirts from you teasing me
really it's from
because I love my mother anyway there we
go
Joe so far everything has been a great
success we've got everything we need to
fight were just getting blasts and y'all
and young
if anything is like what nine something
it's not even Lincoln federally I'm good
oh my god you guys so you're just in the
cleaner aisle and it like it hit me I
was like this smells so bad what does it
remind me of literally reminds me of
anatomy and physiology when we would do
dissections and it's just like I had
like guys in Iowa look um and you guess
what the video is anyone anyone it's
kind of the most random stuff I think
I've ever bought that target before
Green would you get yeah still
absolutely obsessive a phone case which
I which I'm still looking ratchet is
better so that was a very successful
shopping trip
yeah now we're gonna run home I'm gonna
get ready you're going to film
believe me in two hours oh my gosh so I
added the geotag of like what city I'm
in so it's been a little bit later now
I'm back from Target and I'm obviously
already makeup and hair on film is done
in Sun you have to be so proud of me I
literally knocked out filming an entire
video I salsa intro to come but I think
I'm just gonna film that tomorrow yeah I
got like most of the video done today
and I'm behind the scenes but I kind of
wanted to be a surprise because I've
never done a video like this before and
I think it can be really cool and
exciting and I just want you guys to see
the actual video when it's up again it's
probably gonna be up Monday 100% sure
it's gonna be at Monday so yeah
currently working on the thumbnail right
now but yeah so Ashley went to church
because she is practicing well for
Easter Easter this weekend they have a
service today and then some tomorrow
he's drumming so that's exciting so
that's where she is so I'm just chilling
at home I figured I should clean I clean
up the living room because it was a mess
after filming you know I gotta clean my
bedroom because it's like way worse than
the love of your life
high beams are becomes fees literally
bombing it today so don't mind me yeah
so yeah here's the that's the dumb stuff
my room is a mad it is such a mess yeah
I still haven't even unpacked from taxes
if you're wondering and that's Allie
Sean's comforter and haven't even shown
you the closet you ready for this yes
bad and make it even better I have a
huge box spring in here because when my
bed got put together
I never said oh my god but yeah so I
don't have this under my bed anymore so
I have to move it to the garage but I
was gonna wait for Ashley to get home
yeah so I might just put it in the
living room for now like huge just yeah
it's so Matthew ha babe
Oh boss what's going on but chillin
chillin chillin here I really wanna
start editing my video however I feel
like I should do some cleaning first so
I'm going to I don't know maybe put some
music on and get in the mood and just
start cleaning my room cuz it's so bad
you've gone film up every time I wink I
always have a right one so I feel like I
need to like even it out and do my left
side okay woah there's like a gap right
here and my lashes my head looks like an
egg
no update been cleaning my room for a
while and we are gonna do more for real
though why haven't they had been
something tweaked just like snaps
fingers and your rooms clean you know
yeah nope--like smart house status do
you guys remember that movie from Disney
Channel oh my gosh smart house is like
my thing I love that movie
although now it's if you think about it
Siri is kind of like smart house in a
way but sadly like Siri can't clean my
room like legit
which really have been cleaning for so
long and it doesn't even look like my
bedroom clean I mean it looks a lot
better
mostly because that whole thing is gone
yeah holding some clothes it's doing
some laundry a little better
it's a little better this is all trash
so I can take this this is it look
better now oh I love when you look at me
like that she looks at you like a sir
she looks at you like like she does at
her look
we grind out like a it's like she tries
to look like she doesn't care about you
or like what you want but in reality
she's like a booty though you are the
cutest dog in the world
called me she's done we're gonna go get
dinner together I'm not sure where we're
going he's gonna go eat some dinner and
sister bonding time I feel like I
haven't seen her a lot lately so we
decided to get so much too pulled life I
had it like less oh I haven't had it and
long oh my gosh I can't remember the
lines I write you've been a hunter polo
I remember we came here I know but we
filmed that one video the single girl
probs over there with Ashley but we only
got chips
we didn't II maybe with mom and ono I
think with niki and gabi and they have
the best dressing like vinaigrette
bong-gun
what up guys so Ashley and I are
currently having an editing just party
right now editing this big video again
it's layup Monday
go check it or be excited to check it
out we are watching Walking Dead while
we were watching oh your watch while
we're editing um you guys should be so
proud of me I just edited this week's
video and all this blog right now so I
am so excited I feel like nothing else
is really gonna happen tonight so I just
wanted to end this vlog say goodnight
and Happy Easter anyways I love you guys
and I'll see you there bye
