you guys you guys you guys you guys
literally I'm not even kidding the most
exciting exciting delivery I just
happened well I don't know about like
ever in my life but I'm so excited don't
even know you don't even know got the
scissors oh my gosh oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god of course
yes when you see that on a box you know
it's gonna be something good minor DTEC
side is coming out I have needed a new
MacBook for so long oh my god I know I
have one I've actually had it for about
almost four years now which is crazy
I needed this I needed this computer
yesterday to be honest no no no I needed
it longer than that I needed this
forever
I always get the 15-inch MacBook because
I like a lot more screen display like
for editing and stuff but I do agree
that the smaller ones are a little nicer
for like just being compact and stuff so
excited you guys listen to this kind of
oh I got a like at that spot the chords
are all different and that really
bothers me because the main reason why I
didn't get it we got to change that
okay so literally almost two hours later
it's taken so long to take everything
from this computer put it on here so
many fonts music plugins so much stuff
that I use for editing and I believe
it's finally finally done oh man are we
ready
I'm so excited I'm going to the beach
and so long so today we are doing
something very very exciting it is our
first official beach trip of the summer
and like so excited probably gonna be a
little crowded we definitely we
definitely need to go to the store and
get some snacks we obviously need some
s'more stuff
I am vlogging today
marshmallows oh the big marshmallows
yeah where are those oh my gosh you got
the goods
Doritos some boom chicka I'm so excited
what else do we need um we want any
drinks great like peach tea
each sparkling water I've been trying to
do this the entire time but there's no
bar there officially feels like summer
and it makes me so happy
no we need to get that oh yeah that
should be right here oh my god wait we
should get like do any like an ice chest
or something do you think we're gonna
need one Wow oh yeah we need those oh
yes girl okay okay so this is this is
the actual exception we need right now
oh my god we got the good officially
ready for the beach man we're going to
the beach
yay green light
oh my god we made it let's do it
you need help let me hold something at
all yeah the options we found a fire pit
oh so we just got here it's just
lighting even good so we just got to
Huntington Beach we've got a fire pit
we're so excited we got some firewood we
got plenty of snacks don't we so
unflattering and I've never thrown
something up and caught it in my mouth
my dad would be so proud of me he taught
me how to make a fire can I just say
these are like about to make a fire only
problem is we didn't get a starter log
I'm like I can make a fire I just need a
starter Lock those like her ray
regular eyes I missed ya my birthday
vlog it's the golden hour and it's
called an hour I love that you step line
have a marshmallow what is going on okay
are you ready for this this s'mores
about to be so good life hack put a real
life life life hack put a Razi's instead
of a chocolate and I'm good it's so good
I put on a video
this is so fluffy
