good morning guys so I'm currently
driving chillin out a red light so if
you're gonna have an update my blog say
it's Saturday and I'm headed out to to
go to Nicki Gabi's apartment lit up
their apartment there likes just staying
there obviously they haven't liked the
movie and we're gonna film the collab
today so I'm so excited I'm actually
extremely excited for this video for a
different reason and you guys will be
too once you figure that reason out you
don't even know like I'm so excited but
yeah let's uh let's go and I'm guys at
like today
this video absolutely like so different
is just casually chilling there's so
much fun like I'm having a lot of fun
with this video so sorry I'm gonna fail
your order today blog blogger today yeah
I'm at things I kind of crazy as gets no
uncle of days because I was trying to
get shots down there you know that okay
everybody's like just do this we have
like a lot of shots cue the pool I do I
have like all of mine Starbucks no we're
not where are we man
meanwhile in the jacuzzi
it's on the pool head I'm no cold and we
are finally done getting shot by the
pool which makes me so happy so many
people so many peaceful friends casually
having a unicorn spa life of youtubers I
was gonna give it a shot but at least
talk me out of it wait we like watched
videos hey Nikki how's the secret we're
not I don't have one do you do I'm
wearing one piece boy did you want
another one
I have a secret began Alisha our
long-lost twin yeah really we're
triplets literally literally for the
same same same but different what up
guys so what
555 yeah it's 5:55 and he and I are
hungry please me crazy if I like as long
as all of other that's okay ever eating
Subway
we're getting stuff healthy
deadly
what do I want I want these but I'm not
going to get them
jalapenos cilantro and avocado excited
to eat here we both basically got a oven
roasted and chicken sandwich on wheat
thread weave does say
there's one right next to target program
so if those already is blowing it sensor
let kids up there sorry that these vlogs
are combined again I know some of you do
not like that I know some of you do like
that but today we're also filming um at
this video so I thought it'd be good
just to do like two days of like a
behind the scenes type of things
it is like 9 something and Nicki and I
are going downstairs to get starve got
some goodies and I got some extra stuff
for laters day
Misha we gotta be usable so we got a
protein box of course is my favorite I
always like get this and it's like so
fun then we got a coffee because yeah
this is breakfast can you not what do
you get it at a Mama's little bitch
I feel like I look even more watch it
and on top of it I'm a cup and a visit
right here
hello noticeable to me and I just have
some lights on the back of my bag which
I got for Christmas handle it's mango
margarita and it's not so good and then
I have an old Athena clock and ER I like
to edit and just relax and chill I have
another nightstand next to me yeah
voiceovers are actually the hardest
thing in life especially when people are
in the room like I know you're
comfortable with me but like still like
when someone else is there you're like
don't listen can we get a sneak peek
hey guys so I'm first gonna just give
you an older what up so I felt like you
know close so I'm wearing the same top
for mr. day so because don't one that
spent here meet the Sun everyone we
watch films see baby Carlo let's bring
it here even for myself I'm seeing this
amazing
elevator two hours I'm saying guess you
ordered Becky grill I'm so excited
I was starving something no you're
getting me a bite
we are going to go film our in Joe's all
right now okay here we go here we go
here filming intro and may and I are
struggling so my gosh Merritt literally
has the hook-up okay so marry shots
right now and it's so funny what is this
they don't see this often in my voice
for other me and I came to the grocery
store because she need some groceries I
was like yeah I'll come do you see this
I let's go touch it I'm wearing leggings
I bet I have the worst underwear lines
right now I didn't notice
yay so we're at Earth and I had my latte
before I showed it and now it does not
look cute but it did so look at my
snapchat yeah what did you order
comment salad by boyfriend
my friends my friends I'm seeing the
night out here but could you please drop
us off we went to church Hillsong which
is like fun and then we all win and now
Karen is dropped to tear and Ashley and
these are gonna drop Nikki and I are at
our place okay so I'm about to edit my
blog for the creepy lair but I sponge
and this mug right now I'm actually
gonna take a shower right now and finish
editing this vlog for you guys yeah I
love you so so so much and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
good bye Ben let's not focus but
whatever I eat
