hey guys what is up oh my gosh I'm back
at my apartment is just so crazy I feel
like I haven't been here in forever
probably because that's kind of true
I've been basically sadly Chloe is not
here but she's actually at the groomer
she's getting all cute for you guys so I
went just moves back you guys are gonna
be like oh my gosh she's I came back
home early this morning and then we went
to gym and now we are filming a video
for actually which is exciting and I'm
going to get ready
Noro you should get ready we should get
ready feel like it's very white right
now because my shirts why you think I'm
gonna scoot oh is this heavy this is
real heavy Dan and mikvahs on the like
right now this lighting sleek it looks
super super harsh but I promise it's not
that harsh like cogged were like too
much but I promise
give the green for st. Patty's Day no
anyways she is back with us and partying
already a big party
editing editing Laura do you want to go
somewhere get it what do you want edit
that home we can go somewhere something
I haven't done that forever let's do it
let's do it maybe like an hour to worth
of footage of editing do
she's loving that oh and it's a coffee
time definitely Jefferson coffee it's
just much news right now like much
needed right now today is literally get
flown by so much things don't like that
really don't like that so now we're
gonna have an editing party and you know
what you need for an editing party right
in my house there right now is on point
can I just talk about it ready outfit of
the day Paulette it's Aaron Outfitters
it's a halter one shirts asked to go
penis last year it's from three people
and I like it because it's so loud to
peed your pants are my favorite PJ pants
that I've ever had in my entire life I
got them in seventh grade when I was on
my way to a sleepover and I didn't have
any of my stuff with me so we stopped at
Ross
no Friday we stopped at riding and I got
some men's pants they're so comfy guys I
loved it and it's make it even better
there's like a rip in the butt I don't
even care it to you just like nothing
but like I still write them because
they're so comfy so plaid pants and some
patterned blue socks have the blue theme
going on right now see it's a blue blue
blue yeah yeah yeah I'm sorry really
excited for this I've not have coffee
today and you guys know me I love my
coffee
you haven't had coffee either really me
too
editing party barter for and situation
right now my hair is poofy cuz I
completely didn't just not do it today
am I wearing the Aggies with some jeans
and yeah change out at the comfy PJ's
because we're gonna go get some dinner
and
it's so loud in here so I got 18 in
comments salad bowl drilling boom the
light helps it looks really really good
but you get
chicken and field green salad with
walnut and bacon and she
we're at the mall now
do you like my butt actually I do it's
very lost no I like it it's like it's
like I don't care then you I found a
denim skirt and a tank top that I really
like shopping for some stuff for this
week um laughs yes I said cool love
although he pretty good already already
one oh you know I was looking for a
choker
hey it's my vest that I wore in the
Coachella video I love that the circular
currently in Nordstrom and I went to
throw two and I only got like a necklace
and shirt from there and then twisted
game got some goodies for there we're
looking at the brand new section in
Norwich right now there's some cute
stuff
they're just super cute but that I can
like the words I got you yeah that was
super successful which is awesome now we
are going because the mall is closed and
do homework you know it does sound good
apocalypse sound so this is such a
typical Alicia vlog - Starbucks today
literally if I went to Starbucks this
morning this would be the ultimate
glacial am i right am i right what is
wrong with this picture
like really did someone really do this
or did an earthquake happen part of me
really hopes an earthquake happened
because I cannot imagine someone
actually leaving this like this that's
actually horrible so obviously we're
internet like I said look - I'm mad
about and we actually met before so we
just like reunited and had a bonding
moment it was awesome no oh yeah a ton
you did yeah this place is um how do you
say dangerous very dangerous you go on
for one thing and they come out with
like 20 teams it's no bad bad so low-key
came here for some strawberries that's
why we came
that booted up can you tell us why you
chose those exact strawberries why are
they pristine
one there are more that back in that box
oh really we count we were a darker
shade of friend more right then like
pinky right oh my gosh you guys hockey's
here I can't thank you white crunchy do
everything we got them in Lebanon they
were heaven oh my gosh banana chocolate
Milano's Easter is the best I love
Easter because it means my birthday's
close and it's chocolate and I want the
P I walk oh my gosh I love peeps
I can't I can't I can't wearing Uggs
even though it's not that cold up
targets targets targets - what up guys
so it's currently 10:47 p.m. and i just
edited this vlog up until this point
currently that you're watching so on to
end this vlog I hope that you guys like
this and I will see you this about with
new luck and yeah love you
