morning guys how are you hi it's you I
feel like I have it in like I don't know
I'm just still ready to be back on my
blogging game it's not even funny today
is February 23rd and it is Tuesday
Tuesday don't mind my hair right now
it's literally a hot mess and I am in my
PJs chilling on my dining table and of
course we got some coffee
taste this morning has just been a great
morning you know know how you have this
morning's really that's the great one I
have been sitting here planning out this
week's video I'm actually really excited
for my blushes are so weird right now
for those of you wondering I actually
did get eyelash extensions a couple
weeks ago but the problem is is when
they fall out which it doesn't hurt at
all
they start looking really weird and if
you don't brush them out if they look
really weird so anytime eyelashes look
jink that's what's up and also they add
it so much when you don't wear makeup so
everyone's like you look so gorgeous
about makeup and I'm like thanks but I
can't take full credit definitely these
peanuts EXO is one they're kind of
expensive and two when they fall out I
feel like my lashes are gonna feel
really bald like I'm gonna like hate
them hate me without them
that means anyways I'm really excited up
for this week's video I think you guys
are going to like it probably not gonna
be up so Sunday I don't think it'll be
up Saturday cause I'm busy Saturday
unless I can film it all month Friday me
and edit it all Friday and Friday night
I don't know I don't know I don't know
we'll see you anyways um you guys gonna
like it it's new I haven't done a video
like it before and I don't think I've
even seen a video like it on YouTube I
mean it's a very common type of video
but it's a different style of it when
you see it you'll know exactly what I'm
talking about and then sitting here
watching some videos and planning that
out so good but yeah and then I was
actually glad I didn't vlog yesterday at
all what I do yesterday oh I got my
nails done yesterday which um yes it was
much needed still wait what okay love it
okay hmm still got white but I did them
a lot shorter and
and yeah you you were going to laugh at
me I had like a mini anxiety attack and
the nail salon because I was about to do
like a pink color but you know I haven't
done anything but white for like a year
over a year it's kind of embarrassing
not gonna lie so I was almost gonna do
it and then I like chickened out I can't
do it I can't get all do watch and like
I feel like they're like they've become
such a signature thing to me you guys
with my day and I hope that you liked
today's blog blog sometimes it's a seven
I'm like you're so weird
you were really weird look I literally
just said was I know
let's see who's uploaded I said let's
see who's uploaded I said Lupe's
see who's up with it literally this is
my favorite time of the day when I get
to watch youtube videos I get to drink
my coffee and just chill here it is
agreed okay so we are here at my desk
and we are best you at my makeup
but I could use some like lip balm or
something so let's find that quick I'm a
makeup of the day I guess we could go
with her foundation I use the Tarte
Amazonian clay foundation I actually got
this recently and I forgot how much I
liked this foundation I feel like it's
really like I don't know I just like
really really well I use the Urban Decay
Naked skin for my under eye concealer
which is Mike this is like my favorite
under-eye concealer
I've ever had it was the Revlon
Colorstay one that everyone uses I use
that one for like three or four years I
use it for so long
but then recently I got this and I'm
obsessed with it top bounty contour
palette is still my favorite makeup
product of like like ever oh my gosh I
love it so much and then I was a
decision dip brow not trying to brag in
any way shape or form but I feel really
good at eyebrows lately it's like that'd
be like yes hopefully
I think it's obvious that sometimes I
really miss having a makeup vanity is
likely I've really been just like and
just sitting here doing my makeup but I
used to have what I never used it and
then I just got like excited to like do
it my bathroom lately I've been out here
maybe I'll move I make about here I
could put like you know why I could
totally put like drawers under here or
you know I could even use these drawers
honestly I have like junk in here anyway
I like I don't really use these drawers
mm-hmm maybe we'll do that I don't know
that'd be a get always put like drawers
right there or I can suit my desk over
and put like such a drawer set right
here look who I'm talking to
I'm it yo yes they're coming up super
soon hmm
um eat of LA it's okay when you're out
here yo blog I'll make you bugs we have
been sitting here and we've been talking
because we tend to Skype and talk for a
really long time but we are planning out
some video planning custom videos which
is that very exciting so get excited let
me know some video requests like I want
you guys to like think outside the box
be very creative leave them in the
comments and just stuff you want to see
on my channel or if you can't think of
that leave me comments of stuff that you
the things that you like on my channel
like that you think we should do more of
like I really like the Coachella video
how it's different and I'm just pumped
right now and one
be pump making videos for you guys and
that's why we have these um Skype dates
because could be up every youtuber
should have Skype dates with their best
friend unless you like live in the same
state because hashtag coast-to-coast
prob is really shows real there's so
many instagrams there's like MacLeish
a-- completion completion time so it's
actually a lot later and making a nice
Skype course or I do not mean for it to
be that long we always Skype ring so
long yeah nothing happened anyways I'm
actually going to go to Target because I
have to symbaloo that kid oh I have
some supplies for this week's video that
I need to get so I'm going to do that
though Ashley it has class so I'm gonna
go by myself
target trips by yourself are not as fun
as target trips with your friends or
your sister yes but you guys get it come
with me so it's like it's like we're
together I'm not gonna lie I get crazy
looks when I like will work out a camera
by myself come with other people no
Shane by myself I'm like hey guys I'm
not even kidding
we got this or less the one it actually
I should change cuz I'm still my feature
that's cute
Oh welcome to the closet Alicia in case
you've never cease bow prick yeah
there's this there's a stool right there
you've never seen my closet this is what
it looks like nice and messy okay so I
left the sweatpants on although these
actually are Nicky's Nicky I told you I
wear these like all the time and I
wasn't like so I figured if I just
change my top and my jacket maybe it'll
look more like put together ya know
maybe so and we got a we got an edgy
ponytail going on not really just like a
regular ponytail
why is why did I just call this edgy and
like it's not even at all whatever any
choose she's a work paint we are here at
we are going to get both play I found
everything hopefully I don't spend too
much money because you guys know target
target can do that to you
targets like yo comes to me by
everything I don't like anything's it's
already everywhere I was like in brain
mesh over the door shoe organizer and I
cannot find a mesh one so that dude we
got some goodies and you guess is what
this video is because this is kind of a
weird video hey guys so it's currently
at 9:16 at p.m. obviously I'm back I
have been for a very long time I figured
I can do a really really really quick
haul for you guys although you kind of
saw everything is that I got already got
a st. Ives body scrub Opie line
Neutrogena oil-free cleanser kinsman's
shaving cream as I'm a shampoo and
conditioner shower curtain it's almost
super cute actually kind of really
needed a new one because I was just like
cool loofah and then I got like it's
like a wet brush although this Conair
but as for the shower and it has a
little hook so you can like hook it in
your shower you can brush out your hair
in the shower if you get tangles it's
actually really helpful and my
conditioner ultra-fast haul right right
so of course I'm like going through all
the aisles because love bureau that's
what you do at Target and just do that
stuff in the book section and I was
thinking I really wanted a new book to
read but I didn't I didn't I didn't know
what to get and then the next thing I
know I'm sitting there for like 20
minutes reading at khloe kardashian's
books now why don't you like the
Kardashians or not just hear me out I
love this book oh my gosh in the aisle
or reading it for like 20 minutes and
then I realized wait Alicia should just
buy it because obviously it's caught
your attention and you are interested in
it so I bought it and it literally the
past like hour I've been sitting here
reading this book you see this I've
already read all of this I read it so
fast so this whole book is basically her
like fitness journey and just it's so
motivating I can't even help I can't
even explain it but long story short if
you struggled or are struggling with
your fitness journey in any way shape or
form I definitely recommend like a
hundred percent recommend you to get
this book oh my gosh I
obsessed with it like I'm probably gonna
finish it like tomorrow at this right
let's be real
anyways I think I'm going to start
editing this vlog because I've just been
chillin here and why not literally in a
relationship with my dog because I love
her so much
let me love look shows me her hey hi
pretty girl
hi pretty girl I love I love you hey
guys so is now 12:30 a.m. and I'm fun to
end this vlog and say goodnight to you
anyways I will see you guys later and
yeah okay bye
