good morning guys oh my gosh I'm so I
just innocent a you been like a week I
feel like almost since I've last vlog
but it's so bad I'm so sorry you didn't
know if you don't follow me on Twitter
or of anything else I have been so sick
the past like six days and it's not even
funny like I just I don't even know what
happened but today's the first day I'm
actually feeling like a lot a lot better
yesterday I was feeling pretty better
but I'm still really sick I was even
planning on flogging yesterday but it
just like didn't happen that I was just
like really exhausted all day today I'm
like tired of not doing anything like
literally thirds like two or three days
where I just laid on the couch and
watching that books all day it was so
bad I'm currently doing my makeup here
at my desk I was actually just being um
Nikki for like an hour so that was fun
she had to go and I probably should go
get rid of my day because it's already a
lot of clock yep that's cool I'm know oh
my gosh you know I actually don't have
any plans today
like there's really no reason for me to
get ready but I've just been so not cute
to the past like a week from being sick
I just really wanted to get pretty today
is that sad that's probably really sad I
just wanna like get ready to change the
first day like did anything to my hair
in the longest time like actually curled
it yeah so let's finish getting ready
and then we can just I don't know I
found it to blog it's what I did yeah um
what else some months no no no I don't
know where to put go oh my gosh my
camera so the whole fun fact I've been
obsessed with this palette your contour
palette and I am obsessed with this like
literally watch this magic before your
eyes I've been like extra into makeup
lately eyes you guys know this palette
is freaking amazing I always felt like I
didn't know how to call it really well
but this palette is like actually have
it you know I totally should have done
like once I sixty like one side of the
other and then we're gonna do a little
move back here for the nose we're gonna
do some blush right there and then
this one and highlight the under eyes
hood I'm gonna take the widest line I
put that like under my eyes oh my gosh
oh my gosh it looks so good okay I don't
know if you can tell but this is like so
much more awake than this one and this
one has concealer and everything so
magic this one was like nothing oh my
gosh it's like oh oh now I'm gonna do
this add a little handbag Oh boom
goodbye under-eye circles oh so
literally you guys are sitting on my
mirror right now so that's why like I
keep ducking so I can see myself in the
mirror whole literally do you see like
my under eyes right now and do you see
like this like contour sans amazing
see you should get out of Oregon do you
ever wonder if like you finished your
makeup you're sitting you're like could
I do everything oh I just literally
touch my screen oh I'm gonna hate myself
what I'm editing this video because I'm
all over the place
oh my gosh so much better oh hi pretty
girl
hey boo what's that well I love me
actually she's been like so snuggly
lately and normally she's not and I like
love it she got a haircut
hey rejected look who got my package so
I was walking out the door to take Chloe
for a walk and there was a huge package
outside it from where from Urban
Outfitters and I just placed an order
from there the other day so do you guys
want to see what I got oh there's only a
couple things here because the other two
things are being shipped later so the
reason why I put order the first place
was because I really wanted a tapestry
I'm so excited for this week's video it
is the epic collapse that we filmed whoa
DejaVu blacks have it in unboxing i sat
right here and i unbox my gladiators
from Steve Madden I'm talking about the
epic clock that was gonna happen
now I'm here I'm not seeing something
else and I'm talking about a video again
but like we already felt it like us so
we really wanted a tapestry as a
background for a part of this video
actually I should film it today I said
it's supposed to look like huge I've
never had a stop to shoot
so anyways I got that also bought two
posters but those are coming later
because they weren't able to ship in two
days but the Hagar's for the posters um
okay so just like really needed this so
oh no I have to decide if I want to film
it that make up part today for this
video though still out of it but what if
I'm tired tomorrow like I have to film
it what do you think guys well still
you'll think I think I should film it
today but I really don't want to I'm
rambling I'm gonna edit this out later
so anyways okay yeah yep look good
okay so I set up the little like
background and stuff for me to film I
baked up part and I'm still like so
moving so slow
I literally have everything ready to go
but I'm still just like I feel so sick
so I don't know like I feel like I
really should something right now like
everything set up I guess we could start
I don't know uh I'm a battery finding no
it wasn't already so much sex so we'd
have to like have a makeup on you know
whatever I have this this vlog in
everywhere I'm so sorry currently 347
and I'm trying to be productive yeah
oh my gosh you guys okay it is like two
hours later currently 620 and don't mind
the dots on my face but my vlog camera
battery died okay for our vlog camera is
Ashley and I have three chargers and
four batteries which is crazy I know but
out of all of those we couldn't find I
couldn't find any of them
long story short finally found one with
the spare battery so now we're just
missing two Chargers still don't know
where they are I have no idea that's
looked everywhere but it's okay at least
at least we found one I was about to
like overnight a battery charger cuz
this is the best angle no this is the
best angle
okay so update time actually really
wants to go to the mall I think she like
walk there's something she wants to get
so I said I would go I think I would
like to stop by lush but other than that
I'm just going for the ride that's yes
look where we are okay
literally walk in and see the cutest
dress ever for free people and I'm
obsessed with it that is so that is so
cute
I shouldn't buy it but it's so cute I
think I'm gonna think about it while
we're walking around and if I want it
later I reckon oh that like something I
like shopping at night we should chop at
night more often - hey I have that now
that looks so comfy oh my gosh it's so
oh my gosh Easter already made herb so I
got a candle and a bralette that I'm
really excited about how she left me
never going alone
so did 17-inch antlers maybe I'll show
you guys a halter that can be fun
where to next
gym clothes oh that's why we can't I
told him we came here for a reason I
forgot why it's Joe
okay Justin to Sephora and I got there
you brought me here look at that so you
wish she does to me she's like look you
said it because I know year and I'm done
I will not let myself buy anything else
excited I got so many goodies I'm so
excited so like use those tonight I need
nine percent of everything I got sales
like skin care stuff I'm just so excited
I thought my skin's like not been cute
lately I'm excited to watch my face
hello hello okay actually what this
lighting is horrible I look disgusting
Ashley wanted some jeans so she's
modeling for pair number one do we like
to squat thoughts of number two it's
kinda hard to see every time we go over
railroad tracks we have we scream rail
row as in like railroad but like R a
rope over do like where and then we lift
our feet okay driver is a web guys do
you want a halt maybe let's do it we
went to urban we went to lush and we
would - at Sephora figured I'd show you
guys what I got
to make up for my lack of vlogs lately
and yes so first off we went to Urban
Outfitters on this and like three other
colors but it was my first time seeing a
light purple one and I love purple so I
really wanted to get this cute then I
and then I got this candle and wanting
this one for a really long time
that's everything and then I got so
nervous Arab and 150 no it's like that's
urban flush okay so I kind of I didn't
go crazy there's only four things but
for watch like that it can get really
expensive but I got to be comforters
shower cream this like smells heavenly
the reason why with collage because I
really wanted a face moisturizer that I
got the imperialist imperialist like
lavender in it so I'm excited for now I
forgot I got this this Turkish Delight
it's a shower smoothie which it's really
cool okay I think it was one of their
Valentine's Day one I'm not sure it was
like buy roses so I'm what they do it a
sample of the whole base and it's funny
because I act
think about getting this so then they
threw in a sample and I was like yo
that's actually really cool then I also
got dream clean a dream clean dope so
dream cream of Hand and Body Lotion
they're inside it so this is like their
best seller apparently yeah got that
also everything that I got so much last
but not least is Sephora I wanted to try
this out for so long I don't know I'm
gonna try it out if I don't like it I'm
gonna return it and the girl told me and
she was like you can totally return if
you don't like it okay it's to use with
your face in there a lot of people like
it better than the Clarisonic I really
want to try this one out so I got it
it's kind of expensive but I got it and
I'll let you guys know if I like it
hopefully you make my skin look flawless
and then it was time for new with Beauty
Blender so we got that and sanity Beauty
blender cleanser and I'm gonna shower
with all my showered goodies Oh YUM why
are you sitting up there ash we have a
beautiful time table that no one who
this time I will say it is kind of it's
kind of nice having your food raised
like this oh hey guys so I just edited
this video right now and I'm so proud of
myself because it's a long slog and it's
been a while since I've had a long vlog
it's currently 11:59 p.m. so it's almost
midnight and I will see you guys
tomorrow with the new vlog anyways I'll
see you around I love you buddy
yeah peace out yo
