hey guys what is up oh my gosh it's been
a few days since I've last vlog
different like three or four days maybe
8:40 Sunday with last day of August
really bad so sorry I haven't gone I
tried filming a couple days earlier this
week and then something with my
schedules like did not work out and then
on top of it yesterday I woke up with a
sore throat and I still feel horrible
actually still worse today so I think
I'm gonna be sick probably hear it my
nose is like me which sucks so bad I'm
trying my hardest today to film the last
few shots I need for this week's video
which speaking up I am so sorry about
that it was it was supposed to go up
last week and it just didn't and then it
was gonna go up like Tuesday or
Wednesday and then it didn't then and
then I was like I might as well just
wait till Friday
yeah so I'm like literally so mad at
myself and I couldn't get it up any
sooner it was my fault I'm so sorry
what's the good news today you're
watching this there is gonna be a vlog
up I can't talk to my gosh good news the
day you're watching this is gonna be a
main channel video up so be sure to
check that out if you haven't yet also I
haven't ever like announced my upload
schedule and I know like a lot of you
guys wonder when I upload but I kind of
settle on the weekends so every single
weekend a video will be up if there
isn't a video up I'll let you know on
this channel or on Twitter for sure so
follow me on there it's about floating
Alicia Marie yes oh my gosh even just
talking and all of that got me like out
of breath I'm so tired and exhausted I
feel like but I wanted to vlog today
because because I missed a week of
uploading and I haven't been blogging
recently if you guys have any like cold
remedy things let me know in the
comments like anything you swear by that
helps because I don't know right now
it's like on my head I feel like it's
the start of it being I don't know I'm
just exhausted I feel like like like oh
so we are filming and yes okay it's
Friday
totally Thursday duck bronze fried eggs
I'm uploading credit oh my gosh I'm so
sorry okay his vlogs gonna be weird just
save me a weird vlogger
guys wanna what a clean vlog from this
every every blogger like vlog at this
angle like this was just the norm like
hey guys what mmm oh did you much better
puffs are the best tissues ever pops
with lotion or the Pops of the Vics are
like hella good - yeah
anyways you know my nose a little red am
Rudolph
why are we so cute little one hey love
me love me oh love me she's like and
we're up to target they're so long like
not even kidding I think I haven't been
there since before our trip and like you
guys know me of their all times it's
like all the time oh the makeup I love
even though I don't think any make about
you see makeup wipes what do you need a
lip liner how to create oh I can't find
a mascara wand I was like a girl like
plain mascara wands I think I'm just
gonna go out just like what did you hear
that
I think I'm just gonna have to go to
Sephora or something or like old touch
just like grab stuff think you're good
by them I know that you feel like a
solid okay so far I got to makeup wipes
because I ran out and you guys know
Nana's like my favorite then we also got
to send up high demands of gummy ones
and they're like heaven love to them
they're so good I hope think I need that
much else
Oh tissues duh yeah threes my fame
yes oh my gosh oh my gosh yes we need
that and now we gotta find Ashley
because I kind of lost her found you I
got tissues just looking at the home
decor section even though I don't need
anything from the home to cross section
for just like those those are so cute I
really like that and that's cute just
kidding we have enough at home open open
the pups
oh yeah best friend for the next couple
days so it's currently 4:37 p.m. and I'm
going to try to finish editing this
video just for the next like hour - baby
I think I'm gonna have like a chiller I
ought to say might like take a bath and
it takes the medicine watch like Harry
Potter or something that sounds good but
speaking of who are that there's gonna
be a new book that's exciting that is
very exciting I wonder if it'll be a new
movie but yeah that's what I'm gonna do
oh crap mom me also my room is a wreck
that's fun I have a lot of cleaning to
do but I don't feel like it so I'm
probably not gonna clean today maybe
tomorrow I don't know if it's what I
feel like worth doing I don't know I
don't I don't know I don't I don't I
don't I don't know and waiting for all
my clips to end board so I can start
editing come on come on computer you can
do it my Carta is full I have a 64 gig
memory card and it's actually full what
is life apparently I need to delete
stuff Clemenceau delete stuff right
after I import all this
yeah a little you've been here for the
past like four hours
I think I'm Marshall excitable no
probably more than that I don't even
know didn't edit anything in my main
channel video but I did just edit this
vlog up until this point so that's
productive
oh yeah beautiful that's not true
there's stormtroopers Hey
I feel like this vlog shows the knots of
glamorous life of Alicia Marie just Mia
doing laundry how was this interesting I
don't know let me know woo yeah once
Terry Potter Deathly Hallows Part one
boat
