good morning world welcome back to the
vlog and what better way what better way
to start it off and with this looks
absolutely amazing so I've really missed
you guys and I know I don't really keep
talking about this Emma but if you
didn't know I went to Greece and it was
so much fun we need some more cream Oh
bless the sudden came out also I feel
like I'm trying to figure out a new vlog
style that I like no the pasty logs have
been like a little different than what
it's been I don't know I'm so like
figuring things out so let me know what
you do like about the vlogs let me know
you don't like about the vlog whatever I
would love your I'd love your feedback
but anyways let's go put some makeup on
guys I miss being home so much to to to
to oops
left my phone I lost you I always leave
my phone in like literally random places
I can't forget where I put it so that is
the thing anyone else Duke just me oh no
I just dropped it takes you good morning
ash hello the vlogs missed you I miss
you have yet I turn around and you guys
always being there is always a great
surprise there's new camera they new oh
yes fun fact about me I'm kind of a tech
nerd so I'm always trying new cameras
and stuff so let me know if you like
this if you even notice the difference I
feel like maybe you guys didn't even
notice any difference which is normally
the case which kind of sucks ready Mona
she's taking off the hat see what kind
of awful hat here we have whoo okay not
too bad Oh who else hates making their
bed yay was that Lane that was probably
really lame oh my god my hair what is it
 you
hey guys but that's too far let's go
like here-ish and let's put on we are
gonna do this so freaking quick
and makeup is done think of my straight
my hair today because I feel like
that'll be less work to be honest so
let's go do that
oh I think my straightener I think John
ring house my street there honestly
let's go so Ashley's hopefully she
doesn't know - oh no I make a mess Chloe
come on my babes happy birthday okay you
guys so I just food okay so I just
finished filming on the little bits that
I needed to film for my Greece vlog get
the first one I really want to get it up
hopefully like within a day or two I
know I keep telling you guys on
Instagram that it's coming soon I'm
really trying extra hard with this blog
and I just want it to be like really
good know you guys feel like it I like
so yes it's your birthday do you know is
your birthday do you know you're for
you're four years old babes I remember
when we got you oh my gosh you guys I'm
in love I'm gonna go get you a present
when I go to the mall okay
update time I should air currently at
the Americana are you excited
Oh what are we doing Oh press press one
more time for us we're about to get some
pressed freezes
what kind of getting
chocolate
that looks so good yeah we got our press
it looks hope freaking good it's a good
foundation
not like I need more structures that are
super cute and low-key that's on
releasing so I guess we go check out we
got the goods I think we're gonna go
head over to the other side of the wall
now
every girl in a makeup store justement
to mak every single time I go to mak it
literally gives me such a nostalgia of
my channel back in the day because my
user name is Mac baby 11 do you remember
that good a villain peepee
where'd you get three you first one or
the July's coming I got it but I'm a
borrowed us
i'ma borrow dad's event and we got them
good and so dark you want a cupcake
let's go some guys hitting on ass what
up you guys it's the next day I want to
do an unboxing for you I flick you're a
little short I need to raise you a
little bit we got our scissors I've
never done an unboxing from this brand
before and I am so excited because I am
not kidding I've always wanted to try
their products they've never sent me
stuff before oh my god there's so much
seven years I don't know if you've heard
of the brand hourglass before but
they're sold in Sephora and they just
sent me it so oh my god no I feel like
we should zoom just a little bit I don't
even know where to start with all this
oh my god we have a powder I'm so
excited to do my makeup tomorrow what is
it's a brush powder brush oh don't worry
about it
Abbi fine song is stuck in my lipstick
oh shut up this is a lipstick ah oh my
god this is actually a really pretty
color today I see this I feel like the
Lighting's kind of weird yo wait I'm
sorry I need to switch my angle up I'm
still complicated his lighting is so
much better this way Wow could I just
redo all this I feel like I should but
I'm really not gonna this lipstick is so
pretty the packaging is really crazy but
I love that ooh
oh my god please oh oh my god oh my god
okay I I'm not even kidding you guys
I've gone to Sephora so many times and
I've almost bought this palette if it's
what I think it is okay
it's the ambient like highlighting
palette I was always debating it but I
really want to try it so now I can
actually see if it's like worth the
money and I'll
you guys know because this thing I'm not
even kidding I've wanted to get it for
so long it's just like a really pretty
highlighting palette I was like a lip
crayon that's cool highlighting stick oh
right now though this packaging this is
beautiful
I guess he's okay oh my god this is
beautiful do you see that Bank you
hourglass there's so much stuff here I
don't know what I'm gonna do with it all
me trying to carry everything to make
room I got don't fall don't fall
boom I'm trying to get better at putting
away makeup the second that I get it
let's do this I swear the second I start
vlogging someone starts mowing through
yard okay please don't fall also like I
get it this is a freaking ton of makeup
I usually do donate a lot of it it's
been a bit since I have so I feel like
this week I should probably go through
and get rid of a ton because obviously
I'm one person and I cannot use all of
this makeup also REME I'm wearing your
jacket and I'm watching your vlog right
now so love ya
we have a foundation brush which I'm
gonna put in the foundation drawer boom
I'm kind of getting hot not gonna lie I
just got a lovely package Adeline you
are the absolute cutest person ever
that's all I have to say she came out
with her own merch and I'm so excited
wait can we just can we take em can we
take a moment this is so cute um not
like I need any more hoodies but girl
I'm going to support girls supporting
girls love it I love how I just said I'm
getting hot but I'm gonna put this on
anyways because we're all supporting
girls man this is hunky oh I love it
whoo so I'm being a little lazy right
now I have a lot of editing that I
should do what I really just don't want
to do it I will say I am actually like
okay my announcement video that I was
taking a break I said I was only gonna
vlog when I really wanted to I'm not
gonna vlog if I feel like I should or if
I have to you or if I think that you
guys like hate me because I haven't
longed for ever the past two days I
actually really really wanted I mean I
didn't grease too but like I knew it was
gonna in grease and like travel bones
are a little different for me I just
kind of really want to vlog right now
and that makes me really happy
oh my god I just literally just realized
I had a dream with like a whole bunch of
youtubers in it my phone is stuck this
is so nice update time it is currently
509 p.m. and I am just chilling here
he's gonna read for a little bit
are you awake this is the book I'm
currently reading right now drama
actually let me borrow it it's about
vulnerability and it's really really
really good I really really like it I
got so much work done though I got so
much editing done I actually have more I
could do and I just decided to take a
quick little break so he might go
swimming cuz it looks real nice oh my
god the water feels so freakin good it
actually feels like summer and it feels
so freakin nice where are we going up
canary
so we dropped off Chloe a few hours ago
to go get her hair done they said she
was delightful and they adore her and
she's so sweet and I said really
although we can be sassy but every time
we take her to the groomers throw it's
like she's such an angel and I'm like
where's that angel all the time then huh
sassy pants are you sassy pants she is
