good morning everybody I look real run
good morning
real quick can we talk about this view
this is one of the most beautiful views
I haven't ever seen literally about to
do my makeup just like chillin outside
it's casual yeah focusing me I miss you
how to do my makeup let's do it really
shined up like a tripod to put you guys
on I feel like putting you on them
jacuzzis a really bad idea and this is
pointless for me to lean over and do my
makeup this way oh maybe if I just get
like a chair this is pretty I'm not
gonna chair okay okay you're a little
crooked but like this oh okay so we're
still figuring out our plans for today
we might get a yacht today which is
really exciting
my hair is Roger right now my face looks
Roger I know I'm sorry what
I'm using the viewfinder as my mirror
right now and hopefully this turns out
good
I literally have you guys on the jacuzzi
and it's crooked there's just some Amal
percentage of me that's kind of scared
you're gonna fall in
oh my god oh my night
it's like misty time for some breakfast
yo this looks freaky this view is
beautiful but I'm not talking about the
sea update time we got ready my hair
still looking pretty good from yesterday
are you REM like are you red light so we
are in Santorini and it's freaking
beautiful and a room and I got ready
first so we're like let's go get some
content this is Blake Lively I am Asian
Alexis Bellino
goes sisterhood oh and we all got
matching like bracelets we all got them
it looks so good this is freaking
beautiful I hope you guys can see this
we're so excited it's stunning oh my god
I know so I'm gonna take some boomerangs
of DS 1 DS 1 I know this one
what do you want I want a story this is
so cool my snapchat started me too I'm
just gonna spin and beat you finger Anna
and then I'll do a boomerang now
boomerang realize you probably couldn't
see any oh you're Kara's so good I used
to watch things Network what is it I
think I'd show you didn't show me I did
it can you cut it bless I am the like
tack yeah guys I don't know if you can
see this but we got the boomerang
follow me on instagram alicia yo you
really can't see those can you can you
can you can you hear me now can you see
it up hey so this is outfit day one
today I feel like we're gonna change a
lot because I deftly want some pictures
we're literally here for two more days
I'm so sad this is what I am varying the
actual of this set is from boohoo so
cute it's actually really comfortable
this looks kind of really hard but it's
cool I mean
tutorial now I'm applying them if you
guys haven't watching me as a hotel room
tour from our very first hotel you need
to go watch it it's the absolute
funniest thing ever
I'm hungry guys this is freaking
beautiful
we are currently walking to lunch it's
kinda windy update still walking to
lunch after an hour walk we found food
oh this looks great food is there boba
yeah
let's go this looks great I think so
okay so french fries we made it just
kidding him as a bullet or like a
five-minute walk it was a litter like a
ten minute walk we came just like
rightly celebrate what do we want to
leave I love when there's pictures
because I'm a very visual person hello
do I got some chow mein it's amazing you
want to try some I mean the only time
hot chow mein is like Canada are you
kidding it's really good I would say
that's like one of the top
look up in gelato
this tastes so good it's so cute little
guy oh my God look at this place is so
cute we're at this is Lolita's gelato
look how cute this is
did you know blogging I think is
recording already yeah yeah she's
screaming for ice cream I go by school
girl are planted these seeds on these
bull walk time
look at this it's tarnished so I like
cats some of it don't know the person yo
they protect you that your family show
they came into this jewelry store and
it's actually so cute second outfit of
the day just bathing to have no idea
where it's from shorts for 11 lemons
shoes are Remy's but they from Steve
Madden I'm lying your pick
we went shopping and Mykonos and
actually but this spring you guys know I
love my rings I think we know I'll be
added a new into the collection I think
that we could be the girl now looks like
that Mia has the same one that's a
better update time it is currently 729 m
we are going to watch the sunset here in
iya they are known for there's like most
beautiful sunsets ever so third
opportunity today just made it to you at
Christmas week and driving us there by
the pool and watch the sunset and it is
so pretty it's like all these boats just
like chillin watching it this whole
place is my aesthetic I love it
definitely should brought my big camera
but oh my gosh look at this view
it's seriously so pretty look at them
like this genuinely does not do it
justice only what I do is dive into this
oh my god this is beautiful wait look
look like the blue what a beautiful view
guys I'm so excited dinner this place is
so cute
labor right here on the water and it's
beautiful thank you it smells
so this is the restaurant that we came
to and it's literally and I'm gonna say
wrong I'm Audi Bay that's the water and
it's beautiful I think lobster or the
spaghetti with seafood
I like Aurora dinner was amazing
like it's fried are we just talking
about how Alicia cuts me off I'm gonna
leave all this audio and I saw Alicia
notice herself do it and correct
yourself I don't think so I won't even
save you I'll be like good morning guys
we are currently headed to go on a boat
today so we're currently on our way and
I think it's gonna be amazing
there's our bow we also got matching
hats like this so we can be like a
little hot sailors
we're about to lay right there and this
little trampling thing
okay so we just got on our boat and I
literally like look down and I realize
one of my straps completely busy
so this is my current view right now
we're living our best live it's my
birthday
Lisa sweat I'm dressed like oh my god a
wave just came and my camera is so right
now that's so funny
so I'm so sad right now because I don't
know why but my camera is not working
it's not going on I literally just turn
right but the battery is charged and I
think it just died and I'm hoping it's
not the camera but I'm really sad
because we literally like I forgot
barely me put it too then so I'm kind of
rocking a lot it's not work yeah yeah
Alicia Marie you should subscribe this
is Paula and then run into the water
yeah amazing thank you
this looks thank you update time 5:31
p.m. oh wait dinner time no no yeah
gonna walk over and get dinner for our
last dinner here in Santa I show - Fuji
we have a really come out but at the day
I'm sure it's from revolve jackets from
Target shorts are from urban tennis
shoes are from Puma outfit of the day
okay if we're hungry look up I'm gonna
miss this view so much I feel like we
were not here long enough it makes me
really sad hello what
I can't believe 9 days went by so
quickly I know it feels like we were
here forever but at the same time it
feels like we just got here seriously
the first like four days are like slow
and then it just like
you
