morning guys and welcome to blogeee this
day 24 it's Christmas Eve and I'm so
excited oh my gosh I'm so so so excited
so I think it's like 9 something right
now I'm currently in my room wrapping
some Watson a present because hashtag
procrastination hashtag that's me
hashtag hashtag yeah so I'm wrapping a
couple more presents for Ashley before
we open presents if you don't watch my
bonds normally or if you didn't know
honestly for over the past like 10 years
we've always opened our Christmas
presents on Christmas Eve it's just like
part of our tradition it's just like as
if Christmas Eve was Christmas that's
just always been our tradition because
of my older sister Ashley's birthday is
on Christmas December 25th and that way
we have our Christmas and in the next
day we wake up and we have a huge
birthday breakfast for her and like the
whole day is for her like her birthday
you know any night but not even like
about presents I just like love the holy
atmosphere Christmas like our trees lit
we have Christmas music and and yes so
anyways I have a little something for
her I got her this really cute book and
then my parents got her some of these
low-key totally wearing my elf shirt
like yeah actually I think I'm gonna
change it to my onesie because I love I
wasn't I haven't really worn it yeah and
then my mom and dad got her some of
these smoothies for her a record player
and yeah love's dude hashtag Cresta
Nation that works for one
yay
boom got the records wrapped boom got
the book raft boom gots this jacket I
kind of need my tissue paper Doh - Oh
Merry Christmas Eve babe Merry Christmas
Ethan oh when you put your onesie on
guess who's in her Christmas onesie oh
okay forever 21 if you're wondering oh
my god should actually exploded in here
there's so many problems but you're all
for tweet heart aren't they that's toys
bones toys and more Chuy's and we need
some Christmas Eve coffee and since I'm
feeling festive we're gonna have to read
well it's not Christmas coverage it's a
red cup I'm really excited for Ashley's
death car had bought her new headboard
came in time oh yeah normally I upload
like super early but obviously it is
exciting it so it's gonna upload it
later
I'm waiting on Ashley and dad to get
back home so I think I'm going to start
editing it that's right now it's got
some chick for breakfast breakfast of
champions Hollow
come on can't fall Christmas Oh Chloe
gets to open the first present c'mere
you're gonna open the first present babe
three Chloe this is your present babe
- baby
oh I saw it supersoft
Thanks like this something like this I
would wear wearing you know I love my
blogging yeah you need new one what
could it be you're welcome open it up I
loved it thank you oh yeah I do need
I've never had any like this she's been
using some makeup brushes that Ashley
had when she was in middle school really
saw it's so pretty
I got stopped I need a new it's
beautiful did you get it right
so we just been chillin not too much has
happened it helps absolutely build a
whole bunch of her furniture for her
room and we put it together you guys
have to see it it is so pretty so
adorable here
yeah oh my gosh so mom and dad got her
the desk in the chair and then she got a
new headboard recently and then I got
heard this bedding of some of the
pillows oh my gosh it looks so good it
seriously looks amazing Oh
in the dreamcatcher I love the
dreamcatcher I'm obsessed with her room
it's so so cute and I Film Festival on
the phone Santa hat yeah I think it'll
go really good with my blue you know
let's do this so it's a little later now
and my mom wants to go get lunch and
actually have like an hour to free right
now so I think I'm gonna try really fast
to film my what I got for Christmas
video so that way tomorrow for Christmas
I could just like enjoy the day oh my
gosh I'm excited I'm like so excited um
oh my gosh okay first of all I'm here
new to my channel hello Ang's Alicia
Marie and I would love for you to hit
that subscribe button
uploading yesterday's vlog sorry it was
a little later today obviously my
morning was a little busy but it is
uploading it's actually processing right
now okay I so it is now or 41 p.m. guys
this is so comfy anyways I am just like
chillin in my onesie yeah Ashley is
drumming at church all day damn you guys
didn't know she's actually on the
worship team she plays drums extremely
well so every Christmas Eve she's
usually gone all day my mom is actually
with her right now cuz she just wanted
to go watch and so my dad's here he's
just showing he was watching some TV and
I was filming so I think I'm gonna do a
little editing also my vlog from
yesterday's up so that like helps a lot
I don't need to hang my stocking that's
such a fine a good time this morning is
so nice and obviously everything is not
about presents
whatsoever like obviously that's not
what Christmas is about I would much
rather edit most Today Tonight Show that
way tomorrow Christmas Day I can do like
nothing and just like chill and my PJs I
don't know if I'm gonna put makeup on
tomorrow let's see well so we're going
to do some editing let's do this yo is
now at 6:59 p.m.
I literally just edited this entire
video I haven't edited a video that fast
and so long I don't even know why I was
just really easy also I think it's cuz
my computer is being very happy today
and
have to choose a picture for the
thumbnail there's so many it's cute I
totally put Chloe in there oh my gosh
okay so I'm playing with a thumbnail and
I think oh oh okay guys so I've just
been chillin and we were talking and we
were sad that we haven't seen each other
yet we haven't even given each other I
love you this isn't the same anymore
I missed Christmas it's week I made
friends with you I quit shoot and it fit
2013 2013 oh no we are going to give
each other I guess we got Mimi's
presents right here this says to me me
fuzzy does like make sure she doesn't
give me anything huge because like you
know we decided that our big big big
present to each other
is going to be going on a trip we're
going here we don't know where next one
where we're going oh where should we go
International local several places
wherever country hop like let us know
comment one where should we go and the
entire world go boom go remember
you know kind of a theme I forgot it's
like it's like I've been wanting books
like this I have my gift more than
you'll ever know
finally grandma I love them update
so we are back from church it was really
good actually did amazing so did Harry
actually walked a little bit on her
camera so if I remember I'm gonna try to
put in some footage from that
it's almost 1 a.m. now and I think we're
gonna go to my parents house tonight
even though it's really late so that way
we can have more of a day there tomorrow
with a birthday and we want to celebrate
his birthday Tara is here we're gonna
give her our gift tonight because we
thought it was cool that it's Christmas
to turn the Aziz Shah oh yeah
it looks like you so I got it for ya
yeah
okay so I'm going to end the vlog right
here I hope that you liked today's vlog
we're actually gonna head out to my
parents house it's about like a 45
minutes to an hour drive and I saw some
packing to do and stuff so I'm just
gonna say goodnight now and I love you
anime Christmas can't believe loudness
is basically over which is so sad I'm
gonna miss this intro that's gonna lie
yeah I love you guys and I'll see you
guys later bye everyone go tweet Ashley
happy birthday
