okay question if you were given a free
ticket to go anywhere in the world where
would you go
weirdly enough that kind of happened to
me and I chose Greece actually worked
with an airline company a few years ago
they ended up giving me a huge amount of
gift vouchers to you so I get these gift
vouchers fast forward a year it is down
to the day the literal day they're going
to expire so I was faced with the
question if I had a free ticket to go
anywhere in the world where would I go
what makes it so much better is I get to
surprise Taryn and jean-marie because
they don't know that I was able to
upgrade our seats to a business class
what's up look at your ticket are we not
going to agree also side note Remi and
Mia were not sitting with us in business
class because they actually decided very
very last minute that they wanted to
even go on this trip so not only do I
have a free ticket degrees I get to
bring my friends with me to Greece and
it's business I get my clothes we just
got on our seat summary and best
surprise like of life all I wanted to do
is like five first-class like here we
are
unlike the longest flight of life
so the flight to Athens is about 15
hours I think
so bad we got some breath got some
french toast some croissants through
you couldn't get a nonstop flight so we
do have a layover in Paris create a
quick layover Paris
now it is Greece I am so unbelievably
excited for this
well that was okay
or theory
good morning you guys what is up so it's
our first official day here in Greece
and I'm so excited
today we're in Athens we're gonna be
here for one day so we have a lot we'd
like to do I'm so excited I'm so
freaking excited I love how I can find
me with your hair
anyway we got it hi friends how are you
so happy we did it happens we almost
didn't stay in Athens for a day coffee
coffee coffee got some coffee just got
to brunch and I'm so excited I
officially feel like we're in Greece now
the squad is here you guys we just got
some viewers this is Olympia amazing
meeting you guys okay guys so we just
got to the ruins dun da-dun we are at
the Acropolis so that we came here it's
super touristy right now but a school
cos we tours London right him this is so
freaking cool I'm so glad we can history
class yo my teachers would be so proud
this is so cool
so we're at the top and this thing is so
freaking amazing I literally I feel like
I'm in a movie like I literally feel
like I'm in a movie I this is so freakin
cool oh my god I never thought I'd be
here update time we are currently
leaving Athens and we are headed to
Mykonos
this is cool I've never done anything
like this before I thought my suitcase
is rolling away I'm very excited so
instead of eating a flight we opted for
the ferry should be very excited it's
pretty exciting oh my god oh my god wait
I'm freaking out you guys you guys you
guys I'm freaking out
