good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 23 oh my gosh so it is actually
currently 9:29 a.m. and i just put up
yesterday's vlog but up right now let's
let's check it out let's check it let's
check it out dun dun dun dun dun there
it is boom yeah Christmas shopping
last-minute Christmas shopping with my
mama I was actually trying really hard
to get that up because I have to leave
pretty soon at Fox babies as one's done
I'll have any makeup on I have an
appointment I don't love it out in LA
for my hair as most of you probably know
let's make it better I don't know if you
guys can see and you can't really tell
but it's raining outside so my guess is
traffic is gonna be even more horrible
than normal
ok it says an hour so if it's all eleven
I can be like maybe 15 minutes okay if I
leave in 15 and 20 minutes it should be
good I'm gonna hurry so fast
get my makeup done oh no where's my
concealer where are you oh they are
under there boom I need like a table out
here so I can I guess that you guys down
like if I make up this little big
nowhere I can put you here backwards
that's kind of that kind of work hit
those under-eye circles
boom make it was done I did it so fast I
don't even have eyeliner on I'm just
like gotta get out the door hey I'm
gonna change super fast and like go got
my coffee in my butt first coffee cup
okay so I just actually like to Albert's
to get some coffee but my hair is so
much better than it why is that I'm so
excited the roots look way way better
I'm like I can't hold everything
I got a snack hands I'm going food yes
oh my gosh
hey guys okay so I'm actually headed out
she's definitely you goes to my aunt's
house because my whole family is there
so I'm gonna meet up with them I'm not
sure who's gonna actually blow hog start
streamin down I'm not sure if I'm gonna
vlog too much there so I have been in
the car for like an hour and a half
already driving smell a scam committee
and sentiments long drive like it's
really pretty here and there's no
traffic anymore which is awesome but I
was just so pretty guess what see also
my battery at may die but I know you
guys can see you in my hair it seriously
looks so much better than it did and
some tweaks me so happy the roots are
like way way better like this is just
softer all the way around I'm like good
really fast don't listen
but yeah I just want to update you guys
that's why I'm driving so much better
now like the roots aren't really a
problem anymore like obviously there's a
little bit but I'm like a little bit oh
I'm so excited it looks so much better
you can still kind of tell the little
brassy like right here but honestly like
they did an amazing job so much better
whoa anyways I just not finished at my
aunt's house and I didn't vlog obviously
I wasn't even there for that one I was
just saying hi because everyone was
already like leaving by the time that I
go through anyways I'm gonna head home
now and I think I'm just gonna be
wrapping some presents oh you guys dude
this sunset is so gorgeous
wait wait for it it is so pretty oh my
gosh so pretty
huh hey guys I'm home now and I'm just
going to wrap some presents I actually
just went to Target and got a bunch of
gift bags and wrapping paper and stuff
we're gonna have the presents and with
the charge my battery so I can plug more
later and yes that's what's going on
literally I'm gonna be wrapping presents
all night because we're opening presents
tomorrow and yes so anyways let's go and
do it
some of the bags that I got I thought
this Santa one was so cute and then I
got a lot of the like paper ones with
the gold little detailing on it and then
it's really pretty it red sparkly line
which is nice movie are going to teach
it back I feel like I've been here every
day for like five days oh no what are we
doing so update time it's been such a
long time since I've vlog so I am so
sorry but I was happy to present and
then Astra was like yo I want to get
dinner do you want to come I was like yo
sure so me Ashley and Taryn went and got
some food and now we're at t.j.maxx
because my dad well it was you so cute
you wanted us to help them get mom a
present from him we are looking
at the purse section mm-hmm so now we're
looking at the wallet section the willit
you know they had a lot more the other
day makes sense
Christmas is in like two days wrapping
some presents we are wrapping ready then
I wrapped these one and there's a tree
that's not on should be on but it's not
on what time is it boring really though
like I'm so tired I'm gonna go bed but I
don't even know what footage I got today
I don't think I got like hardly any so
there's probably like a four minute
video I'm sorry yeah my mascara it's
like everywhere my makeup like not even
on anymore
we've been wrapping presents all night
don't if you weren't here the morning
and yeah anyways I'm so sorry
but anyways I will see you guys tomorrow
it was a very very very exciting a vlog
because it's our Christmas tomorrow
which is so exciting like I said earlier
yes anyways I will see you guys tomorrow
and yeah I love you bye bye bye okay
