hey guys welcome to vlogmas day fit Jean
Christmas is in ten days
the countdown officially starts that
makes me really happy so if you thought
yesterday's vlog then you would know I
actually just got back from Hawaii this
morning really really early our flight
landed at 5 a.m. it was a red-eye flight
so we were flying all night so after I
got home this morning I ended up falling
back asleep for three or four more hours
but those are cakes now I am like so
energized which is awesome um gosh what
else did I edited and then when I woke
up I had breakfast edited and uploaded
at yesterday's vlog that's up swimming
with sharks and it was the coolest thing
ever so definitely go watch that if you
haven't yet and then Ivan is mad I've
just been so excited to be home I was so
I loved Hawaii it was amazing but I
really missed the apartment like I just
missed like sitting here on this couch
talking to you guys it was seriously
such a fun trip I loved it it was
amazing and I'm definitely going back I
just I want to go back it was it was
amazing
it's just me here right now Ashley is
not here she's actually getting her
eyelashes done she's getting eyelashes
eyelash extensions so she's really
excited I'm excited to see them and then
Chloe is actually at my parents house
they've been watching her for the past
couple of days just because I was gone
and also Ashley has been studying for
finals and she's been her schedules been
weird because of finals week so anytime
Ashley and I aren't home for a long time
or something like that we usually bring
Chloe to my parents house because she
loves going there so I'm just having a
chill day at first I was like okay I got
to be protective I should film this
video I should do this I should do this
and then after I woke up for my nap I
was like no but just know have some
coffee this is leftover from this
morning definitely needed it to UM be
away cuz I was in that I've just been
cleaning unpacking doing laundry I'm
just one of those days that you know I
should grab my phone grab the phone my
room is a mess it wasn't a mess when I
came home but now it is just because
I've been unpacking and look what came
you guys Oh while I was gone at my you
dresser came at so I've been doing
laundry so I can like put all my clothes
and that's really young but I absolutely
love it I think it's perfect it fits
here perfectly I can't decide though if
I initially was planning on having it
here but then part of me is like well
maybe it'll look better there but I feel
like Lighting's better here so it'll
like look cooler and I don't know how
long that's gonna be there that was
actually from a DIY like
ergo if you guys remember that video
yeah anyway its dresser came excited
about that so my room is so nice and so
nice and clean if you can tell so
anyways I'm going to finish cleaning up
and doing some laundry while I watched
some vlogmas vlogs because why was gone
obviously like we were so busy I didn't
have time to watch all my favorite
bloggers so that's what we're gonna do
I'm really excited
okay so excited to make a little snap
and I was like yeah I should vlog this I
don't know let's do it okay so we're
having some Greek yogurt Greek yogurt is
bomb and some raspberries and some
strawberries cut up these strawberries
seriously this has been one of my
favorite snacks and ver so I was about
to have it then I was like Alicia no
wait till tonight when we cut the
pineapple because I brought back two
pineapples from Hawaii but then I was
like we I really want it now so I might
have it twice today we'll see in the end
fun facts strawberries are one of my
favorite things in the entire world
they're so amazing like ever since I was
at all they're my favorite I'm gonna
just eat that one then just sprinkle
that hunter we're like dry cereal
whatever you want to do then you can use
honey or agave and I'm using a got a
because that's just what we got drizzle
that on top but does that not look
heavenly except I'm missing blueberries
and some coconut whatever but this looks
amazing I'm really excited yay honey so
good oh my gosh I totally forgot about
this this is probably going to be the
most epic epic unboxing I've ever done
so if you watch me walk for a while you
will totally understand me and you'll
just like you'll know you guys know how
big of a fan I am of boom chicka pop the
popcorn yep mmm the kettle corn ones oh
do I really get this email from boom
chicka pop and they're like oh my face
is red and you're like hey girl we want
to send you a little something too busy
do you see how huge this is
this is literally like this is huge
alright so we're gonna open it hey there
Alicia Marie a little birdie told us you
like big bags of boom and we found
nothing could be more fantastical than
sending our biggest fan our biggest bag
yet we've included enough boom chicka
pop to hopefully get you through the
next couple weeks lots of love from our
boom chicka pop band ears oh my god
oh my gosh wait wait they said their
biggest bank I can't right now I
actually do see that thank you
boom chicka I'm gonna have the
nutrition back home I don't even want to
open it cuz this is so epic you're the
person I can't I can't
oh my gosh life-sized boom chicka and
it's the kettle corn which is my fave so
a huge thank you to a boom chicka pop
for sending me this yeah thanks guys and
you know if you ever need someone start
a national commercial
oh oh okay chill day what are we doing
oh that's my pineapple Alisha brought me
a pie apple from Hawaii but uh oh your
hair look it's kind of right in this
lighting but you don't
hello better yeah yeah we're gonna hack
I love the island like platinum blonde I
got my I got my lashes done for the oh
yeah your eyelashes and I told them oh
but you were giving it up they look so
good okay guys I'm so tired
so I edited this vlog and it's kind of
short and I feel bad because my vlogs
been kinda short lately so I'm so sorry
about that but I feel like now that I'm
home hopefully it shouldn't be I mean
like today wasn't exception to this
leptin so sorry I'm gonna try my hardest
to start working on that butter step up
logb is king but I will say I am very
proud that I haven't even missed a day
yet and I don't even think I'm gonna
miss a day like I'm planning on ending
this so strong it's gonna be epic also
don't mind the fact that I am breaking I
like crazy I think with traveling and
stuff to like Zack also um so yeah here
so it is now cruising 11 lines so I'm
gonna live in oh my gosh that's so cool
I'm gonna go to bed I'm so sorry that
this is really short again I promise
I'll get better I'll see you tomorrow
love you guys
