a14 yes it is 14 and it is currently
Monday and today we are leaving Hawaii
we're headed back home but this morning
was so much fun we got up really early
and we actually swam with some sharks
that was crazy it's a really glad we did
it was really fun they weren't like
attacking the cage or anything they're
just kind of like chill and swimming by
and we're sitting there like oh my gosh
look my heart was beating really fast
and I sometimes they keep really good
like obviously I blogged that so I'm
gonna put all that footage in here right
now I hope you guys like it
yeah um let me know in the comments if
you would totally swim with sharks or if
you have a fear of sharks or if you
don't like the ocean I don't know let me
know would you would you do that it was
really fun I recommend it if it that's
something that you think you'd be
interested in and then after that we
actually went and got some acai bowls
from where hello hello Eva Bowl and
those were so good it was actually like
I think the best acai bowl I've ever had
in my life and I've been craving that so
much lately so it was good I'm very
excited about them
so we got done with our shark tour thing
it was so much fun we are now getting
acai bowls and this looks so good that's
been talking about it the entire time
it's like this cute little like Hut
thing so weird seeing like Christmas
presents here like Christmas decoration
is so hot it just feels like summer I
need a picture of my bowl big but yeah
we were packing up we have all my stuff
we're actually gonna go drop it off at
the front desk and then go get some food
really quick and then head back to the
airport to catch our flight home I'm sad
to leave it but I'm really excited to
see Ashley and Chloe I miss you mom
so we have to say goodbye to where our
few fine it's five I know the Bellas by
people buy chairs that I never said in
it was really hot goodbye doc goodbye
until next time cuz I'm coming back I
know I am getting some lunch with a
gorgeous view we're at
and so I got a burger and it looks
really good 3:33 yeah we had to get a
new bike
so yeah we totally missed our flight and
to make it even better we are stuck at
the airport for seven hours wait yeah I
think I'm gonna upload yesterday's vlog
because that's not okay and I think I'm
gonna get I'm gonna do
I'm gonna get them starting like three
times anyway I'm going to upload there's
a bird okay so I just might vlog up and
now I'm going to make sure that like you
know working good watch it on my phone
once make sure it says he's in the
subscription bug but I charge my vlog
camera yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you go
watch it go watch it go watch it go
not a good update it's been an hour
I'm showing the Bay update we are moving
locations now 634 snapchatting Mia and
we're gonna move to our gate because
because they have announced what our
gate is today and we still have three
and a half hours going strong going
strong met some viewers shout out to you
guys and I look like a
pack mule do you ever wonder what the
life of a Starbucks cup is like where
does where does it go like this
Starbucks cup happened to get chosen to
me and it's going you know do you mean
like and I'm going to LA and I bet it's
telling all his friends like bye guys
I'm leaving I've been chosen
what is your Starbucks journey it could
be a thing
Starbucks pick that a Starbucks turning
I like it hashtag Starbucks journey is
never won tags their Starbucks and
different locations oh my gosh another
Starbucks my bays are everywhere we are
boarding in two minutes
goodbye
actually wasn't too bad this is so heavy
going home thank you Buddhist lighting
down
your plate is already in case we
and we get in at 5:00 and 5:30 a.m. we
shall see
really
Venson which were comfortable blogging
we have some wine airlines and you're
tired playthrough and it's been our
pleasure serving you guys I am she dyed
her hair it looks so good looks so like
I keep sending me pictures it was like
pictures anyways I'm in this now because
technically it is Tuesday obviously
because we had a red-eye flight um it's
the next day so I'm just gonna end this
because I'm gonna start today's for good
like couple hours I slept the entire
flight like I fell asleep probably like
probably during takeoff I think honestly
and then I woke up after four hours and
we had one hour left in the flight and I
was like dude yes so much and I will see
you tomorrow
actually I'll see in like three hours
but wool I'll see ya Hey
