hey guys and welcome to blogeee mistakes
hello oh my gosh hi disabilities we're
like about hat we're halfway we're
halfway through bonzes we're already
halfway done
it's crazy we're by really fast stuff
but anyways it is currently at 9:41 a.m.
and i'm chill near in the hotel room
actually working on yesterday's vlog
uploading right now buddy stop a
thumbnail to do 44 minutes so that's
gonna take 44 minutes to upload so this
morning I actually woke up pretty early
like 7:30 ish it's because the time
change is amazing because we're two
hours behind to California time I wake
up at 7 and it's really 9:00 so it feels
like to me like oh like oh my god enough
sleep but then it's really early here
which is awesome so anyways I got up and
I made a Starbucks run and got a protein
booster box in malate but can someone
tell me what's wrong with this picture
anyone they like gave me my drink and I
honestly stared at it for a few like
seconds
something's wrong like something's
something's no what is it
it's not in a red crop and then after I
figured it out I was like oh like
something looks different and yeah so
guys guys II currently editing Kat Mel
went to get some breakfast and I told
him love's like go ahead because I'm
just gonna get something small and do my
vlog because hashtag vlogmas got it
upload every day tomorrow I think we're
gonna do all of our like snorkeling and
that kind of stuff Pat really wants to
swim with sharks that's what she really
wants to do and I'm like we're here for
your birthday you guys can do it okay so
I'm sure you guys saw yesterday's vlog
but we um there was a cockroach incident
and I'm trying this is embarrassing but
I'm trying to put her up a cockroach in
the thumbnail because that just makes
sense but I'm legit having trouble
searching for one saving it and editing
it they're like I legit having trouble
it's just ugly and I don't want to look
at it and then I and then I even thought
of like asking Mia to edit it in for me
because maybe she could totally do it
and would do it for me Mia I was gonna
text you and then I look no Alicia you
can do this you can do this I can't I
can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I
can't I can't I can't
p.m. I can't it's just a picture
Alicia it's just a picture you can do it
you can do it you can do oh my gosh
never been diagnosed but I am at 99.999%
sure I have a some sort of degree of
associate of things with six legs
because leave it just do it do it I
can't do it I can't I can't I can't
Mia I'm gonna take you right now oh my
gosh Theory text Mia what do you want to
say to me hey can you do me a huge favor
they're like doughnuts cracked yes oh my
gosh doughnut so with powder or yeah
powder or no sugar and then different
fillings okay we go boxed up wait have
you had for you haven't I I'm trying the
chocolate one dough Bosh using and then
bomber why I don't get any chocolate but
dude this is no custard one them yeah
I'm a custard fan okay
oh my gosh it's so pretty okay so first
of all huge shout out to Remi aka Miss
Ramanujan cuz I touched this morning and
she literally text me like two huge
paragraphs of things to do out here
which is so sweet
and she didn't have to thank you and me
for watching this so we're going to one
of her stops good yeah a little deep
path which isn't too bad it's so blue
this is so gorgeous it's so blue Remi I
love you you're my best friend right now
oh my goodness I can't I would I can't
oh my goodness it literally it looks
like blue food coloring like it actually
looks like water it's becoming this is
gorgeous
oh I can't get over how pretty it is
here it's so pretty okay before my
makeup slips off let's try get oh my
gosh there's a ladder right there it is
so hot I put my hair up because I don't
want my curls to fall and now my shirt
is off because it is too high
wedding like I'm actually dripping sweat
as if I'm like working out jumping off
cliffs the only way I could ever jump
jump jump off a cliff like this as if it
was like a whole bunch of people and it
was like certified like yes you're
allowed to jump off from here other than
I think I'd be way too scared it's so
clear
we go down there where they are I don't
know how to good though oh yes you can
just uh can I live there that's what I
want to know can I just live there if
you ever see me being like hey guys I'm
moving to Hawaii just kidding I could
never put that ah I got it
so we're driving on the coast and this
is so okay so Beach whatever it's
anybody called so ready I think we're
gonna chill here for a little bit we
want to be back at the hotel like an
hour an half inch so I think we're just
gonna chill here for a little bit maybe
swim of it this is a beach right
yesterday where we took pictures that
was so pretty so we're back and I
remembered flip-flops this tub yeah okay
so back at the hotel
I'm here headed to you with somewhere
just like a little beach
euhh okay okay okay yeah I'm so jealous
that you live here and that's all I have
to say you guys oh my gosh
so we can enjoy I decide that the resort
here because it's snow it's so great I
also really want to go swimming in the
pool like before we leave
oh so pretty doesn't understand and I
think we're going to go swimming because
we haven't really gone swimming yet
we've been to beat this so we got like
wham-bam we're going some soup limit I
could literally smell like a week just
in this area you know let's go
so swimming was so so much fun we're
back in the room we showered because we
were all sandy and saltwater II but now
we're gonna go to dinner at hula grill
let's get some food what else guys so it
is currently 10:53 p.m. dinner was
really good and we're really tired so
we're going to do to bed long that
you're currently watching and that way
you can get tomorrow anyways okay so so
so much and I will see you tomorrow and
blog mistake 13
