hello and welcome to vlogmas day the
night is the nine or ten it guys is it
today's abundance' 10 and we're going to
who was
nice
a separate thing when you see Starbucks
from a mile away oh my gosh
currently 642 what are you getting
Loki set up everything so I could take a
picture of it I'm using cats passport
even though we don't technically need a
passport I mean she needs a variety it
just looks cute picture - so we're gone
and Airport essentials we have my skinny
vanilla latte as well as a span in Japan
wraps I'm so excited
eat this because I'm very hungry Sam the
case we are about to board
here we go
boom the cedar Hawaii Department of
Agriculture and excitement animals
expanding the contoured an eternal life
like getting me
naturally
at least you only just might be humble
ooh the International Airport local time
here
got our luggage we're ready do this
hopefully one of those work oh we're
getting our rental car the pictures
don't okay so we were able to get to the
convertible as a rental car which is
amazing and really wasn't even that
expensive and they gave us like a small
discount because there's like knives or
table sandwiched between all of our
luggage because I was the only way it
would fit in this tiny car and yes
literally this is Merida
we checked into the hotel and now we're
actually getting some food I'm so hungry
we are also hungry and one that wall
right here we're gonna edit realizes the
place we're going to use at the mall but
this isn't really keep my like how it's
like half outside half not also I
absolutely hate the fact that I screamed
tourist right now because not only am i
wearing a hat but I have my blown camera
what I'm currently blogging on and this
camera and I hate looking like a tourist
oh no I just got it embrace it we're
going to you a bread and butter it's
really a little cafe let's see what you
have to dig up
what do we
okay so I got this pulled pork loco moco
short short rib short rib loca loca
there's rice the short rib right now and
we got semi ready before this or my hair
and we got semi ready because the Sun is
going down and we're going to hopefully
go watch the sunset here's a quick
overview of our room it's just just a
basic little room and I like it it's
cute and it's quaint we have a corner
window which is our corner with it we
have a corner room which is great
because then we get like double the view
which is nice views courts it's so
pretty
gorgeous
and weather is like perfect
oh hi guys so we're doing behind the
scenes right now thank melody bang okay
so we went to the farmers market and got
some fruit
sorry foods papayas or each gonna try
one wait have you had all before oh okay
wait
but you know but he's good really
it doesn't remind you anything really
your turn my doom
like it's like a pear apple like a Asian
pear
I know like easily yeah yeah have you
ever tried some pie yet
good better better and we're getting
okay let's try it
so far I like I like the look of it
brilliant Urban Outfitters looking at
some sunglasses and I'm tempted to get
some I mean I don't really need
my childhood my gosh
it's all smart with
every time and is now currently 7:28
p.m. which means it's 9:30 at home right
now I was about to try spam musubi for
the first time apparently this is like a
thing and I need to try it see how it's
like a breakfast thing dude bacon egg
avocado a bomb we have three other
flavors but we got cat we have bacon egg
and spam cheese them and tradition
server its traditional spam musubi
sounds weird but it's really good okay
eating some checkmate editing my blog is
gonna end it now because I have a lot to
do I still have to edit a main Channel
video but the clips for me but anyways
I'm gonna say goodnight now so I can
start uploading at the blog so it can be
up by the morning go hiking in the
morning make sure this video can be done
but if it's not gonna download this is
literally my 6 x 6 or 7 time trying ok
hope you guys so so much and we will see
you tomorrow with another Hawaii vlog
and yeah Oh Doug my way 5
