good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
8 okay how come sometimes when you like
sleep and a messy bun it like it looks
like decent and sometimes it looks
horrible casually just you know I don't
know okay happy Tuesday and welcome to
the state like I said today Ashley and I
are giving a lot and lot a lot of
filming because I keep forgetting to
tell you guys this
I leave for Hawaii and like two days if
you watch one of my blogs a couple weeks
ago I think I mentioned it but I'm
actually going with Kat for her birthday
sadly Ashley can't come because she has
finals the next week
so she's being very responsible and
studying for her finals but we leave the
10 which is then to take I'm like going
to Hawaii today that's the casual and I
literally keep forgetting like I just
remembered this morning I was like wait
I have to pack tomorrow I have so much
to do so today is not a lazy day today
is a productive day it's gonna be
productive if it's not productive I'm
going to make it productive
MoBay I can just bust out this video
film basically all of it may be like no
I think I need to film like all of it
today if you guys have been we're going
to the main island let me know anything
you guys recommend to do any specific
restaurants any like activities or
anything like that any like a really
cool Instagram spot I'm just I'm really
excited oh yeah okay so it's gonna be
very funny having vlog missed in Hawaii
stereotypical idea of vlogmas is that
it's Christmas it's winter and cozy it's
snow and I'm gonna be like on the beach
like yo vlog man whatever also vlog
mystery 7 is up I just uploaded not too
long ago so you guys should go watch it
if you haven't yet it was a very cute
elf and I got a crazy huge makeup haul
which is it's right over there
hello me yesterday yeah go watch it go
watch it go watch it
whoo also you guys I'm changing life up
right now Ashley got these yesterday
from Target they're just like the
Starbucks iced coffees and they're
actually really good it has coffee and
milk in it I really like them so I'm
drinking that right now watching my vlog
drinking that whoa
coffee Ashley just got back from the gym
and she looks good another hurt would
Chloe walks on you
c'mon aha and I am an elf again my hair
is so ratchet
about to light one of our new candles a
nice frosted cranberry and it smells
like cranberries that are frosted let's
fill Chloe Chloe Chloe Chloe Chloe I
don't know perfect okay so I literally
just spent like ten minutes trying to
get a good selfie for snapchat just for
snapchat it nothing turned up good
whatever anyway
Chloe anyway the last thing you know for
this video and then after that the intro
which is so exciting
anyways let's get on into what whoa one
thing I love about these shelves is the
fact that I have every like level
okay now you're filming the intro for
this video this video I'm so annoying
lately I feel like I've never said in
vlogs like when I'm editing vlogs like
Alicia you're so annoying why do people
watch this dance ma'am my makeup system
pretty today and also if you're not
subscribe to this channel and totally
should be because I like to think I'm
cool sometimes
yeah with this video update update we
are done with the video are you're done
with the video and we filmed it in like
a day which is awesome we couldn't like
that'd be cool
I'm anyway I'm burnin burnin up for you
baby it is so hot right now I think it's
just cuz I've been running around and
this getup this lighting and the new
apartment is amazing and I love it oh my
gosh you guys this is kind of sad but we
saw cleaning like a maintenance people
going into our old apartment today to
clean it out and like make it good for
the next people it was my new bedding is
supposed to be delivered today it says
it's on its way like in transit like out
for delivery I always like track
packages like no other because I'm
impatient ordered hopefully comes today
it will I paid for today like express
shipping it's been like 40 whoa so I was
sitting editing in my room at my desk
and I saw UPS man walking with some
boxes and I was like this should be my
buddy
how often here but it did new bedding oh
I got a pillow got some sheets
I feel so oh I got some shams euro shams
and you may owe and the other euro sham
so I forget the last thing that I bought
I think it was Oh duh just kidding I
remember it was my bedding I came in and
I was about to see Africa Polly I'm gone
my pillows I'm gonna put the pillowcases
on this one pillow done let's do the
other one so what's new you good yay
I ready to see my bed Hey okay okay okay
are you ready
one two oh my gosh you guys okay first
off don't mind the fact that it's super
wrinkly I have to like I don't know I
guess I should iron it or do whatever I
need to do with it same with the
pillowcases but I was just so excited to
put them up so that is what my you
bedding looks like I'm probably gonna
get like maybe one or two more pillows
to go on it I don't know but then I kind
of also like just like the simplicity of
it like this and I am obsessed with the
detailing like the embroidery of the
sheets and the pillows and I just like
it I'm don't mind the pile of whatever
that is over there okay but yes it's
many bedding and I decided to go with a
lilac light purple but I figured I
should do like something a little
different and I just really really liked
this it's so wrinkly I don't know I am
just obsessed with it and then I just
put my throw blanket on there to kind of
make it look more cozy and stuff it
looks really good and I'm very happy
with how it turned out I guess I can
just start editing I have quite a bit to
do go ahead and don't know what I'm
uploading Ashley come and look what she
yeah
thanks for the surprise you're welcome
I have a surprise for you too but early
Christmas present
I love early I love crispy sweet yeah
well come open this one is it for my
room too I don't know
yeah Oh companies then it's like seeing
color oh they look so good all right
update time it's currently 649 p.m. not
6:15 yet not 650 yet nope it is 6:14 not
so I was actually supposed to go to
Tila's birthday party tonight happy
birthday to you if you're watching this
I love you but I have so much homework I
have to do so I don't think I can go
oh now at 6:50 happy birthday to that
you are amazing let's get dinner next
week and it's my treat because umm yeah
yeah okay actually edited this vlog up
until this point right now and I think
I'm going to do homework for the next
hour or two depending how long it takes
what up ash okay oh I added the lights
over there just because it was um
Christmassy and I wanted to add them
there Oh also we totally like rearrange
Ashley's room so that is so exciting
that's her headboard we're probably
gonna get rid of it and we just we were
going with the no headboard look and it
looks really good not gonna lie
update on it the shelves as you can see
we've been adding a few things here and
there of course it's still not like
completely finished I don't think it
ever will be I feel like we're always
gonna be moving stuff around but why did
the lighting just get ugly doing some
homework and watching Mia's new vlog I
mean II it's like you're so close hi
pretty girl
oh you're using your new bed that I got
you so it's the best time of the day
which is taking off your makeup no but
really like taking off your makeup it's
kind of the best part of the day look
you always get grossed out when I take
off false lashes because I'm always
scared I'm gonna rip out my own lashes
and it's just kind of gross looking you
know I'm gonna go to bed I'm actually
really tired and I'm gonna get up early
and go to the gym in the morning so um
so yes I'll see you guys tomorrow with
vlogmas day 9 I'm gonna be packing for
Hawaii cuz I'll leave the next day which
is cruisers I'll see you guys later
