good morning everyone know what is up
you guys are probably like Alicia you're
already already like what the heck I'm
just knees
dang it I know okay Loki the only reason
though I'm up early and I'm already
pretty much ready is because I have an
interview in like five minutes and
people are coming here so yeah I had to
be up early but yeah it's exciting
people think I'm cool enough to talk to
you which is just like but anyway so my
Loki didn't have enough time I slept it
a little too much I always choose sleep
over anything I was only able to like I
curled the front of my hair and I put
the rest in the ponytail because I have
literally had no time but anyways we're
gonna go do that I'm gonna go downstairs
I need to finish putting on mascara but
then other than that we are good and
it's currently 943 which means they're
gonna be here any minute so yes hey guys
what is up
so update we are currently filming an
interview and we're doing some b-roll
right now I figured I'd actually vlog so
that you guys can see me awkwardly just
talking to you while I'm we're getting
some footage fine fine I'm just gonna
keep talking so it's great okay
are you excited for Vologda this yeah
are you gonna do all this yeah I'm gonna
do blog nice I already have my intro
going you do I'm excited for I don't
spot some things you got your vanity
no there christmas-related no but we got
to open them we we got to open them but
read it probably would ordered something
it said it was fragile no no I dropped
it
it's like look so I got some fake plants
because I make everything die
I got a cactus they're from cb2 they're
like really nice ones and then I got
this guy did I break it I hope I'm so
excited
okay so here is plant number one we have
a fake cactus our other one was big and
then I think it like started rotting or
something so we had a replant it and it
has grown like a good four inches but
it's been like a month it's kind of like
a little nub right now I feel like we
might end up putting the fake one here
but for now we have it here I really
love it against the pink I think it's so
freakin cute and then this one is gonna
go in my room wow that's a mess don't
let's not look there this one I'm gonna
end up putting in my room because right
now I have the real palm in there but we
all know I'm gonna kill it
anyway I feel like it looks cute like
just being like hello anyways like we
shoot out for the day because I'm
standing right in front of the mirror
okay so you guys probably recognize this
if you've watched my vlogs for a while
this bomber jacket I've had for like
three years now I actually got it when
we were at our old apartment but I got
from Urban Outfitters forever ago but
it's by the brand of Members Only and
then this dress is actually a turtleneck
long-sleeve dress and this is actually
from Ava's it's all wild collection that
came out last year so love that super
soft and then I'm wearing Ashlee's
Adidas shoes yes we are yes TMI but
we're cramping really bad right now
it's just kidding I really do need a
film but I also I'm just kind of slow
today I also tweeted how me normally is
like oh I'm gonna eat healthy you know
I'll probably pass on the dessert and me
on my period is literally like I don't
care I'm already bloated I'm already a
potato so it doesn't matter if I eat
healthy or not I'm just gonna be bloated
so give me that cake by the response it
feels like a lot of people can relate to
that I'm trying to decide if I want to
go get coffee right now and then film or
if I should just suck it up and start
filming right now I don't know what can
I say guys like on a real note you guys
are going to be so excited like my next
main Channel video get it
sided I was just gonna vlog do an update
time for you guys but I forgot I look
like this and now I see how actually
ridiculous you look
anyways memorizing the Christmas in
Target and I want to cry I also got this
really cute jacket look I'm sorry but I
see you target this is so cute so I
literally walk in I see this on a
mannequin I wanted it it was only $40
it's so freaking cute I can't remember I
like really bought clothes from Target
and I'm obsessed and I love it and I
want five million more of these okay
guys it's Christmas I'm fine I'm fine
worked work she'll here we are - it
looks so good
all of this is cute oh they have a lot
of white ornaments we love I always love
having like all white ornaments and they
have some cute white ones so excited
update time it is currently 7:16 p.m. I
have a dinner date erection on a double
date we're really not but I'm gonna show
you yeah but you live
I'm a mime Amy don't we love LA oh my
god I know are you gonna pay for my meal
surrett cassia I think we're gonna do
some shopping all the Christmas
decorations are up and it's so freakin
pretty and we're gonna eat we've made it
to forever 21 we got some really cute
stuff wait these actually look really
cute guys also I'm wearing my $40 forget
jacket they were there when I bought it
I love it they need a long day the blog
the blog thank you
we're currently in forever 21 well yeah
that's cute you have to have it lower on
your forehead not that low okay so my
plaid skirt I got from here and I love
that so I'm hoping that they have some
other cute stuff and it looks like they
do okay yeah are those my leggings oh
they are so cozy guys I swear like you
see this is a LED thing for everyone is
really trying to be competitors with
Urban Outfitters they're killing it yeah
look at these cute it's so cute I'm Emma
stay forever connected why is that me
big surprise we came to urban we got
some Goods and I'm actually like really
excited about what I got I think I'm
gonna wear these a lot
Who am I talking to the viewers who else
good morning what I just said good
morning hey guys what up update time I
was just about to get ready for bed and
I figured I should end this vlog so I'm
actually gonna end the vlog and not just
leave you hanging but yeah I love you
guys so much and I'll see you really
soon with a new walk also get so excited
for vlogmas so like I'm gonna ease into
it I'm not gonna vlog every day until
vog miss but like you know so I'm almost
super fun didn't ever super fun I did
buy a few things I'm not sure if I'm
gonna do a haul but let me know in the
comments if you want me to show you guys
what I got yeah okay love you guys bye
