good morning no yeah that's so pretty
good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 3 I can leave at 33 I feel like
that's been pretty distant for third by
Jim Chloe's butt is just like in the
shot currently just chilling on the
couch with my coffee it was the only
reason why I got out of bed today and I
totally tweeted that just now
I mean it's currently 8:50 a.m. and I
just put yesterday's vlog to public so
that way you guys can see it so I'm
about to like share the link and
everything with you guys and yes thought
someone stole my phone yesterday and
target and I freaked out so if you
haven't seen that you should definitely
go watch it was just me being stupid and
leaving it on a shelf or half an hour oh
honey what are you doing okay there is
someone stomach them yeah yeah a bog
Missy two is up go watch it they put up
guys up daytime it is a little later I
did my makeup and I got ready curled my
hair threw on a sweatshirt and still
wearing my PJs shorts I always usually
film in PJ bottoms because it's so much
fur comfier than like uncomfy pair of
jeans or something so I'm currently
about to film for this week's video I
have to film a very exciting apart but
you guys already know today's if you've
been watching my last couple of blogs
the one with Ava so yes we are having a
huge giveaway it's really similar to our
video that we did together last year we
wanted to recreate it because last year
it's so much fun doing that one so yeah
so I'm going to explain all of the
giveaways how you can enter it all that
fun stuff really really excited for that
and this year is even more epic than
last year's to get ready get excited
honestly was pretty random
Ava text me one day was like hey do you
want to do it again I was like sure
let's do it and then we went shopping
like it was it was really funny we're
gonna film that right now and then
finish filming the rest of the video
tonight and yes what's going on and we
got a tree all ornamented
ornamented decorated with ornaments also
found out today that the couch probably
will not be here for 12 weeks shut
I just got a call it will be had to like
confirm that that's like the color and
size and everything that I wanted so
yeah that's kind of sucks and but
hopefully or it's like dining table and
everything else gets here pretty soon
I just want like all the furniture and
everything to be here now I'm like
waiting for it's gonna be a while same
with my bed I got new on headboard and
bed and stuff and that's probably not
gonna be here until like January or
what's been off this santahat you know
it's gonna be a good video when the
Santa hat comes out you should go with
your Polaroid I got you the Firefly clip
lights where you can hang cool rights
wrong and they're just like a door of
the cute and so urban II I know you guys
don't want to sit through like a 20
minute video so I'm just gonna keep
referencing that's description but um
prize number two it's for Instagram and
this is also for any of you who want or
have always wanted to be a blogger
I'm literally vlogging this right now
and you'll see it in my blog Channel
okay the Instagram giveaway all you have
to do is post this picture to Instagram
and that's all you're just made some
Greek yogurt and granola and fruit and
this looks so good this has been like my
favorite thing lately and I absolutely
did it you guys should try you guys I
totally forgot to show you this but I
got these from kits in the other day oh
my gosh they are some day socks and I
love them I'm gonna try to convince down
them cuz they're so cute
so yeah you'll always know which side is
what - I'll be looking on let's see that
small update they look good but it looks
not as good cuz it's like stretched out
you know no mean we're gonna try to take
a snapchat instead yeah I just snapped
out of them so you should totally go add
me on snapchat it's Li D a Lu one one
Rita Lou would live in new you in my
description around the couch and I saw
Ashley stone she's been gone for like at
least an hour and a half now almost two
hours ah she left your car we're
wandering this is so bright I'm living
how to turn the brightness on my camera
down because it's so bright in my room
which is crazy still like forever not
used to that so update on my room if
you've been wondering I haven't I said
too much about it lately my room is so
messy like I have so
okay so while we were moving any boxes
that we had that we just had no idea
where to put it somehow just ended up in
my room so we have so many like boxes
and right I'm stuff in here but super
exciting I just ordered all new bedding
as I'm so what are you from us to come
not gonna lie I paid for expressive
thing so it come sooner because I just
really really want it feel like once I
gets out I can start decorating my room
more but yeah no high school oh I'm not
even getting marry mr. such romantic fun
fact about me I absolutely hates making
my bed
update so I'm currently in Starbucks
drive-thru because I'm feeling like it
let's get a lot I get for you today
hey can I have a venti iced skinny soy
vanilla latte yeah no that's all okay
I'll look at the windows awesome thank
you you're starving is bad okay
also my battery is flashing so if it
dies I am so sorry but I'm gonna go to
home goods because there's some like
really like random bathroom stuff that I
need like a bath mat and some towels and
that kind of stuff so yeah um there's
almost like random stuff that I'm gonna
get and yes
and I have a free reward on my Starbucks
app so I get this so obviously my
battery died which really sucks didn't
even get to show you my Starbucks a lot
later it's almost 5:00 now then I went
to home guys and I got some goodies and
stuff so I'm so sorry yesterday's vlog
mess is a fail because I didn't have my
battery charger but a package came and I
am currently trying to put my book pills
because what I'm trying to put my book
shelves together I was gonna say
bookcases and bookshelves together and
it was a fail so this literally just
came like 10 minutes ago and Ashley's
not here but I decided I'm gonna try to
put this together myself anyways because
I think I can do it does not look that
complicated and yeah I actually ordered
two but they didn't give me the second
part to the other one so I don't know if
they forgot or if it's coming late okay
guys right there
I see the shelves are finished and I
have them right there and it looks
really good but I put them down so they
don't fall because I don't want them to
break hey guys bit later Ashley I have
just been doing laundry and cleaning and
all that fun stuff
my room is mostly clean show you guys
that a bit but since my battery died and
I wasn't able to vlog in HomeGoods I
figured I would show you guys a home
goods hall
you get to see little home decor such
things that I bought because yeah let's
see what's in here the main thing that I
went for is a bathroom unlike the
perfect one that I wanted like what I
was looking for exactly it's this really
cute like light ice blue type of color I
guess you can say so I got a box for
like cotton balls or something these
soap dispenser a soap bar little things
figured I could also put my rings on it
when I'm like washing my face or
something and in the toothbrush line and
they're all like pretty and expensive
and then I found these washcloths I
thought we're so cute I might just keep
them as like decoration like in a little
basket or something but they're so cute
one says soap one says bubbly one says
rinse one says clean so I got those and
it matches like perfectly I didn't find
any towels or anything so I think I'm
gonna go to Target soon and hopefully
find some but I totally have some until
then like then this is like one of the
cutest things I think I've ever seen as
you guys know I like photography and
stuff and what's funny is my dad used to
have a camera just like this it was like
that what was it canon a1 I forget but
it looks like this and I'm so excited to
put it on the bookshelves and stuff oh
speaking of I don't know if you notice
but we moved my dresser into the living
room I just hit Zoe's we're gonna have
the bookshelves on both sides of that I
think that's gonna look really really
cute and then I put my million
subscriber plaque thing above it and
then soon I want to look for new knobs
to put on it like white or silver I
think that'll really tie the whole room
so you
and then I ordered a dining table that's
the same wood as that so I think it's
gonna look really really good if
everything is just gonna take a couple
weeks to get here which sucks really bad
but that's okay so we got the bone Club
ready okay whoa go babe hey guys what's
up it's like 10 something now 11
definitely like 11:30 anyways I finished
editing this vlog so I figured I would
go to bed and say goodnight I hope that
you like to block mistake three and
you're excited for tomorrow this is
gonna be vlogs and stay for also really
quickly this is what the bookshelf looks
like if it's perfectly there and then
there's gonna be another one right here
and then all this will be totally
cleared off so it'll be pretty and stuff
but yeah I'm super excited
her face is all red don't mind that
anyways I love you so much about see
tomorrow and yeah bye please
