good morning guys good morning the
Saturday happy Saturday but it's finally
here we can finally announce our big
announcement which the title says it all
and it's true we are moving oh my gosh
so crazy I know it's like so spontaneity
Sunday - it was very spontaneous we have
been wanting to for a while but we
didn't want to last-minute like we
haven't asked if they had any bigger
units available in this complex and they
said yes like as of like a week before
we're like oh my gosh asleep meant to be
a crazy we toured it we fell in love
with it we're not moving like moving
cities or anything we're literally in
the same apartment complex we're just
moving upstairs across the way across
this different building upstairs we're
gonna give you guys a sneak peek of it
all empty yes we're gonna show you the
whole process the next couple vlogs are
definitely gonna be big moving vlogs the
good news is we have two weeks with both
apartments so it's not like we have to
get everything in in one day so that
means the next few vlogs are gonna be
all moving blog so I love moving blog
movie and exciting new and new
decorating oh my gosh blowing up so it
kind of you guys you know like
it's gonna be a different background
it's gonna be a new setup it's gonna be
a lot of new things it doesn't like seem
like it affects you guys but it really
affects you guys so I hope you're
excited as I am as you can tell the
background is a little more wolf doesn't
look that different you have been
packing all last night and today I have
so much stuff not even funny there's so
much clothes someone isn't that fun so
let's go let's go see the new please
yeah yeah yep yep nope who are you
excited to have a new home be are you
excited to have a new home
yeah you should because it's upstairs
there's a huge patio ready dun dun dun
dun - Oh beautifully lit I can't even
oh okay let's have a yeah the lighting
is so good in here
I just I'm actually kind of jealous
these closets you don't think you can do
you can get rid of the doors you have
like come down the hole to a closet and
become this
we have and here is my bedroom
you guys I'm so excited as you know and
all of you most of you know i eated my
bedroom and my old one I never filmed
there because the lighting was so bad
but now the lighting is good look at
this closet it's a little smaller than
the last one but that's okay because I
need to downsize my closets and stuff in
the bathroom
Oh leave it matter and last but
definitely not least we have a patio
that's okay but the other side of it my
hair is so cute right now
we're gonna look at we're gonna look
back and be like oh my gosh this is the
first thing we moved here and like we're
already feeling that way about our old
apartment it's a good move but it was
our first of our lives gonna be a little
sad to say bye sisters Oh forever in our
first place together we're saying
goodbye to it but it's okay cuz we're
upgrading the tiny news go do something
okay hey guys update so it is now maybe
like to some things we've been moving
boxes and boxes all day going back and
forth as you can tell a closet is like
as you can tell my closet is like almost
empty which is so exciting be hired
memories for a couple hours so they're
here moving all the big stuff and we
like can literally not like a move like
our beds and tables and stuff
and my mom is here she's helping eyes
tearing right stop by later cuz she said
she wanted to help to close with me
she's kind of freaking out we're cool
she doesn't like the strangers in the
house huh we we are not sure about it
she hasn't seen the new place yeah
you're not like what's going on you
confused it's okay the way so Keith I've
got some subway lines which is really
good okay I packed up most of my stuff
for the most part because it's so close
like we're not moving like actual
locations we don't need a box everything
I were just like filling up our cars and
like going back and forth and stuff we
do know like what's going oh yeah and
then since we have both apartments it's
not like you have to get everything out
say which is nice and third here's the
progress that we are making and well
here's my bedroom oh my gosh it looks so
weird it's all empty oh here we go
our living room um kitchen uh still
needs a lot work oh we're getting there
you're getting named
one of the most important things that we
cannot forget times like this isn't I'm
like I should do a moving a life hack
video but then like 500 because this is
not even updates we are making some
progress
it's super light I just moved up from
the other apartment yeah it's got ties
in the like so scoot that over I feel
like we just look like we've been moving
yeah bond was here and then she left he
forgot to vlog her here's an update on
my bedroom I honestly have no idea how
I'm gonna decorate it I have no idea
where my bed's gonna go I have no eggs
just no idea for this whole entire theme
we decided we're gonna keep our cubbies
here even here I know there's no other
spot and then this was the only like
decent spot for my computer even though
this is like a dining room area so we
moved at the table to this corner cuz
honestly like it's just me and Ashley so
I think I'm gonna get a smaller table
and have like a little Bistro area a
corner and I'll have my desk over here
and like now my chairs in the living
room which I actually really like
because I think you can appreciate it
better
there's our patio table
sittin drink coffee got all my like desk
sucks and whatnot so yeah and some
random like Chloe sucks you know you
know whatever and I have my million
plaque which is pretty heavy so we're
gonna grab that later I'm gonna have to
hands Chloe money so our neighbors are
barbecuing and it smells like bomb
cheeseburgers and actually we've been
talking about how we want one just
called Chloe cheap Haven make in
progress
funny come on moist
look my buck ratty bag is already
getting put to good use
oh my gosh you're finally done for the
night we got quite a bit of stuff done
today we have so much in here the
kitchen both of our rooms I mean
everything's a mess and a huge disaster
a lot done today shakes me up
look at that makes me so excited as you
can tell my hair started on the top of
my head today and then by the end of it
it's like this was a messy bun yeah
can't hear me I'm out of breath
we just brought some huge boxes upstairs
this was so heavy this now we had to be
nice a new place oh yeah oh my gosh I'm
so tired give you a little update
overview update you have our dishes
towels I have my panels and cubby mirror
we even like organize some furniture
around today and yes making so much
progress get it ash I'm a lot slower yay
although I'm like I'm so excited I
should help Ashley I'm a second we're
trying to figure out which cabinets to
do or like what things
yes so we have extra cabinets I thought
it'd be cute check all the cups in one
spot but then is like we don't have that
many because what the coffee cups above
the Keurig know I like the Keurig in the
corner I think that's cute way should we
put our waffle maker the Trumble that
came with his coffee or waffle maker
it's not fun but they make fun blog
that's a thing but it is of course I'm
doing a coffee because most important
thing other all right all right am i
right
we've done so much more and guess who
came to hell but my battery died so I'm
it's been charging that's that's what
happened thanks for coming thanks for
coming
daddy's here he's helping us cool buddy
look what I did
Vonda yeah going to totally redo and
redecorate the Cubbies but just for now
and we have our old stuff on there so I
look like right now ready look hold out
honestly and yes and I'm also gonna hang
up my panels I think we're gonna put
them in the entry doorway and I'm
excited to finally have a mirror where I
can talk to you guys that's not really
really really dark and this is like
nighttime but the lights on look good
okay we're gonna go get some food and
yes so I just edited this whole entire
vlog up until this point and I realize
it's kind of long I'm sorry about that
or I'm not sorry if you like vlogs your
choice blue and I are chilling here on
the couch move on boys you can tell I'm
really tired so I'm going to shower and
go to bed and then I can finish
unpacking in the morning and all that
fun stuff you have a little more to do
I'm actually with a lot more to do but
that's okay hope that you liked today's
surprising announcements and I've been
excited to share with you guys I love
you guys so so so much and I can't wait
to make new memories in this apartment
with you guys and yes okay bye
those word bye um and yeah bye bye bye
bye
