hey guys so T is Thursday I believe and
can I say this week
flew by like more than normal which like
I don't know just like flew by so if you
couldn't tell I met me as apartment
right now but Mia is not here her and
her mom actually went to run do an
errand so I I'm just chilling here again
would be like ultimate friendship goals
when you let your French like chill your
apartment when you're not even there and
eat your food sleep run chuckles yes I
made some oatmeal for breakfast
so that's yummy last night we went to
the premiere of secret in our eyes and
it was such a good mood or secret in
their eyes anyways it was such a good
movie it's definitely like it's like a
murder case type of thing so if you're
not into that I don't recommend it but
if you are it was really really good and
it was way better than I thought it was
gonna be we went to the premiere of the
best and that was really fun so
interesting night because it was late
afterwards and yeah today I really want
to take Mia to Alford's that coffee
place that I went to with Sierra so when
she gets back I think we're gonna go and
do that because it was usually such a
cute place
come on together and yeah here's my
outfits for today George is from where's
is from the shirt is from Lulu's I want
to say skirt is forever 21 this cardigan
sweater is Mia's so I have no idea
Mia I borrowed a sweater so and yeah I
choose our Dolce Vita they're from
Nordstrom and socks are from Free People
yeah yeah that is Manos fit for today a
want today can is getting a costume fool
I seen so many vines with this oh you
didn't like a nugget with kids look at
it bow okay can you just love me
yay noggin with tennis this is my Chloe
gets mad at me I come home and I smell
like n she's like
American
it's an American Miss America
I got me normal vanilla latte was so
what'd you get
okay Tiffany's here what up that's what
I'm drinking what are you drinking
oh I'm trying to go up see we are now
like a bakery getting some food because
after that I'll be really wait we're
actually going on great for dinner I'm
not dinner yeah we ordered some cafe
corner break a break ha ha mac and
cheese oh wait but it looks to see if it
looks always we doodle for this thing
yeah so I got a spinach salad this is
actually like my favorite salad from
here it's purty it dang good so you guys
should try it that's my update for now I
really didn't talk much today I'm
falling asleep and taking a nap what up
guys
so I'm so sorry I feel like I haven't
walked too much today and I feel like
yesterday's vlog was a little shorter
than normal - it was like seven minutes
and lately I've been like killing it
with like 10 minute long sleep stays
pretty short - I'm sorry nicely I
haven't done much today I had a migraine
earlier so I took a nap and I watched
some YouTube videos and so we've been
doing why I think we're gonna have an
editing date although I don't have too
much to edit other than this vlog I
think I might just like brainstorm on
videos and whatnot and then drive home
tonight
go see khlo Monday Tiffany and I are
chillin chillin um jeito of me is I'm
least favorite word is kicking it so
Alicia and I are kickin it I've never
said that are we see children for
challenge update apparently planning out
some future videos but I want to show
you what they are because I want them to
be a suprise oh but maybe I'll play
yours later cuz
I hear popular then you get a little
more insights in life about my life
bzz and I am here let's be productive
like a planning so it's currently 11 and
17 feel productive got some stuff done
to speaking on between a favor and leave
requests on videos that you guys want to
see for winter let me show cuz it's
happening planning for that I know it's
like ahead of time but like whatever
kind of orderly so we know what kind of
videos and exciting feeling to small get
stuff right okay so I'm going to go
drive home goodbye
Tiffany goodbye Mimi you guys
Chloe smells catch she's been sniffing
my suitcase my bags my short like
everything however since I got home
because she smells Ken they haven't seen
each other in such a long time look at
canners huh club you miss Khanna's you
miss Kiner you guys miss each other bit
soon and you can ballet hey guys today
is Friday and I know it broke my streak
of uploading like every single day for
it was like a week or a week or two I
don't know it's a long time I was
uploading everything all day but
yesterday's footage was just not long
enough and I knew like today I'm
probably not gonna get that much footage
also because it's such a busy day so I
was like you know what I'm just gonna
combine the two so I'll upload all this
tomorrow
nobody gets can see it on Saturday so
I'm 7 or even some of you are mad about
that I was a little disappointed but I
honestly think it's just gonna be better
that way went to the gym this morning
this way I look oh like this and you
guys I am dead I don't know if you can
tell but my arm is like shaking like I
just like cameras all day shaking
because my arm is shaking at my legs are
shaking like I can't walk I'm walking
like a penguin
literally walking like a penguin I'm
still super sore from Wednesday when I
worked out so today I'm just like it's
it's so bad okay oh man but we did
boxing today which was fun that was
really
I literally can't walk it hurts about Oh
anyways I just want to edit you I'm
gonna hop in the shower and get ready
for today we have so much filming to do
I'm filming it everything literally all
day and night so I'm really hoping the
upload tomorrow or Sunday sorry like
things like kind of weird in here but
I'm getting ready Ash's bathroom just
because it's a lot cleaner than my
button got me my bathroom is like always
dirty
I'm currently listening to Justin's new
album I had it pre-ordered so every time
a new song came out I was like freaking
out but you guys my favorite song right
now at the moment is the feeling with
Hall D oh my gosh you guys it's so
amazing like it's been on repeat not
going so good I'm is amazing and one
Direction's came out twos I've been
listening to that if you guys have all
those albums let me know your favorite
songs so I can go and I don't know so I
can like find some you of my favorites
you know how when you listen to an album
for the first time and it's a little
overwhelming because like you know
you're gonna love all of the songs but
it's like your first time listening to
it so you don't know yet and Justin and
one Direction's album so there's like 40
songs that I need to go through and I'm
just like oh my gosh so let me know your
favorites so much wedding with our venti
coffee
we are twinning
you're not contouring whoa that's nice
Oh could we not
we're not compared to at least right now
why is your lighting so much better and
then they came it's I quit I quit we're
ready
finally thank the Lord
I'm getting my cinnamon rolls right now
I'm good guys excited I'm so excited you
guys I was looking at comments my last
video and no one guessed the video that
I'm doing no it's exciting
not exactly what you think it is
everyone thought it was treats not
theirs couple treats in there not a
treats video you guys I finally have
ever made for my channel mom I'm happy
my tummy is that the a my heart is happy
I am at the outfit of the day hat is
from Target sleeping shirt is from
Target I'm waiting some workout shorts
from Victoria's Secret and some high
socks on a cigarette maybe target no
after service sneak peek of the video
he's so cute oh my gosh I'm in love
Chloe is filling the festive Christmas
mood to a bit boring eye cream is wine a
little one
oh we got Bed Head I always forget how
much I love red lips I just never really
wear them so I need to start wearing
them more I'm always like mega paranoid
that I'm gonna get it like all over my
teeth though and smile like a cute guy
then then be like well you got something
you know yeah but what do you want to
sell maybe like three things for thing I
see almost done no mood fill me and then
I get it all night actually I'm not
excited I'm a little excited so like
everything but like not when you got
that much to do I'm so excited for this
weekend we're going to Palm Springs
tomorrow so that should be fun so so I'm
trying really hard to get this video
completely done and edited so I can
actually enjoy the weekend cuz I love
your knives so Leah like Miranda sings
no red lips and like a blue Joey Joey
don't you work on my accent
don't be you're done with filming which
makes me so happy so now I'm just going
I'm starting to edit everything so we'll
see the time
it's 634 p.m. so I'm Ashley and
and not gonna lie I think I like it so
much because I think it's so so true I
think there's so many times when people
think they're in love with the really
dots and they're just like in love with
the idea or like feeling like the song
says thanks in fact you have your makeup
is literally the best feeling in the
world so I'm obviously just took a
shower beam all I have left to do for
this video is do the voice over which
makes me really happy since 1:27 am
pleased currently using the voice of her
mic for her video so I was thinking I
should edit this vlog so I figured I
should say goodbye I love you guys and
yeah
