we're running guys what is that so we
were starving so we're about to get some
food and most definitely some coffee oh
my god I'm so hungry I'm sorry
so good so right now we're currently
planning out the video that we're
filming today I think is looking good I
think you're gonna like it
we only have sex as my hair is like
drastically different you'll have to see
what it's lumpy also it's loud can you
hear me you probably I mean you should I
hope you would hear me with this monkey
No
oh thank you Tallulah is insane if
you're not following me on instagram you
totally should because um I'd like to
think that my feets pretty cool and yeah
we're getting close to four million
followers whoops go follow me
Chloe May hello hi why were we doing
what are we doing what are we doing it's
beautiful mornin yo I just want to swim
like that's all I would love to do today
but we can't we got a film honk low we
got a film why is she so cute well this
is embarrassing okay guys so I feel like
I have a little bit of a predicament
let's talk about it while I put on my
makeup also REME I'm definitely wearing
your sweatshirt thank you
so here's the thing I really am not
liking my makeup setup anymore like when
I got that tripod I put you guys on like
I really really loved it and I don't
know if it's just the time change that
happened but lately I've really been not
liking those clips like ah oh I used to
love those clips and now I'm just like
really not liking wrong and I feel like
it's just because the way that this room
is I have a huge window over here and I
have a window here when the cameras like
come on I'll show you
okay so when I have my camera here at
this angle I swear like the past few
days I just feel like the like lighting
hasn't looked really good at all which
is so frustrating because obviously
being a youtuber like good lighting is
just important hmm yeah so I don't know
I kind of like I'll okay I think it's
the time change because what was it
spring forward yeah like maybe I have to
wait an extra hour to start getting
ready I don't know I just like every
time I get ready like No so my
predicament is should I move my vanity
around I don't know I really would love
just to have like a good setup for you
guys like right now I low-key have you
guys just like on this tripod chilling
here but the problem is is like I'm
facing this way and I keep having to
turn around be like grab stuff we're
like if I had everything here I'd be so
nice so I don't know if I should do that
like maybe I should just like rearrange
my room a little bit oh I don't know man
I don't know I can always like move my
vanity back there or I could also just
flip my vanity around like I know that
won't look that good as far as like in
my room but I feel like the lighting
would be a lot better or I could always
like put my vanity in the studio please
help me out what do you guys think I
should do you guys probably don't even
know I I don't know like
you do you feel like am I going crazy do
you know what I mean do you see what I
mean just won't good lighting like I'm
literally just like facing this tripod
right now it's kind of been a Khloe
follow Chloe on and stuff you haven't oh
my god she's like my child I love you
don't poke my eye don't poke my I'm
using the viewfinder of the camera to
like do my makeup right now oh my god I
think I did it Oh just kidding there's a
oh okay so long story short what should
I do with my vanity what should I do
with my makeup setup I don't know I'm
being so lazy right now and I just don't
want to film I really need to film I'm
gonna film it's gonna be good and it's
gonna be great but I just like I'm
feeling so lazy right now mm-hmm but I
do need you guys gonna like this video
go be good I've literally been here for
like ten minutes
if you're ready we're gonna get up we're
gonna work did it get stuff done major
mood right now like can I just like stay
here all day
yo filming is going good we just wrapped
one part of it what is going on the cool
thing about being a youtuber is you
never know what is gonna happen that day
like you just never know maybe you would
go to the beach and film something cool
maybe you're just chilling vlogging or
maybe you go and find your old cheer
uniform and you wear that and and you
cry happy tears because it don't fit
like yeah it's dumb this is so weird
this is so weird this is crazy
also I put a little few teasers on
snapchat showing you guys like kind of
things that I'm filming or what I'm
doing today and no one has guessed it so
far but if you're an OG Mak baby you'll
totally get it I feel like like og
yeah this is crazy I miss cheer so much
I feel like actually remember a lot of
stuff see there's off stuff I don't
remember there's a lot of it doing
alright memories go
tires we were Tigers you don't know okay
okay I'm gonna shut up now like sorry I
don't mean tilt you sideways there this
is just so weird oh my god I don't want
to take it off oh there you go an
exclusive Alicia Marie cheerleading even
though she hasn't cheered in years
I made the cheer team there should be a
YouTube University I would totally cheer
okay
update time so it's currently let's see
it's currently 503 p.m. we have been
working all freakin day very excited I
finally got done filming for today so
I'm just gonna stay here and import all
the footage and hope that it looks good
hombre that it sounds good we're having
a little bit of audio issues in the
beginning yeah I'm so excited for this
video I'm not kidding like the more that
we were filming it I was thinking how
like it's a really good video I think
you guys are gonna like it
I've only seen it one person so far
guess what it might be I don't know if
they they didn't like say but I think
they might have an idea
mom said it we got the goods you guys do
not even know how excited I am for this
I have been craving veggie grill all day
and I got some and I'm just like Ashlee
we got dinner so I got you a salad I got
us buffalo wings and then I got a
sandwich with some frizzy fries oh my
god so web so good mmm huh mother for a
second I thought we didn't have ketchup
and I was about to ask or EEMA but it's
okay we got ketchup you didn't know I
love ketchup hey guys what's up so it's
a lot later and I just figured I would
end this vlog for you guys thank you so
so so so much watching and I will see
guys it really something
