or am i good update on our fireplace
it's um looking real good right now
yeah oh good morning hello my room is
such a mess mayor was such a mess I
don't even want like a guy who just like
it's that bad I really don't want to
show you guys no I just want to grab my
makeup in it all this is so sad
okay okay you guys come
I feel like you would want to see okay
sure you do her makeup I just actually
got back this morning from Coachella it
was so much fun
Remy jhumri and I ended up going for
weekend two also which I know is crazy
but we did and it was so much fun I
uploaded like a little montage type
video on my in serum so you guys should
definitely go watch that for copyright I
can't put the original song in this you
should go hear it on my Instagram
because that has the song that I like I
did it too and it would really really
like it anyways though let's put on some
film this shield you guys I missed you
he must have been a little crazy lately
I'm honestly like real excited right now
because I'm actually home for a week
which sounds like not a long time but
it's kind of a long time I leave next
week for New York which I'm so freaking
excited for because like the YouTube
summit thing which like I remember last
year it was amazing I had so much fun
and it was like really beneficial and I
learned a lot so I'm really excited for
this year's but yeah so I'm home for a
week I just feel like I've been
traveling a lot lately oh my god just
the past two months I think I've been
traveling just a lot but it's really not
slowing down anytime soon which is not a
problem
I'm just rambling and I'm probably gonna
cut most of this out so I'm just gonna
shut up now make is done also hair is
done although I kind of really just
straightened it it's nothing crazy but
we put it together and we're dressed so
today is actually kind of a chill day
like I had mentioned came home this
morning I just feel like usually when I
come back from trips I usually kind of
chill like for that day but Ashley's
free today I'm free today so we figured
you know what why don't we like just
have a sister day go ahead some coffee
maybe some lunch get some photos just
kind of hang out that's what's going on
I was putting together a few outfits in
case we want some like instagrams you
know what I mean mm-hmm
yes I'll show you what I'm wearing
maybe I won't only because my room is is
that messy too really you would see it
in the mirror so we'll do downstairs
that's it data in quick hey and you cut
there's like a tag on my dress
it's like massive yes bless ya Thank You
universe okay there we go come on you
got it
hey okay outfit of the day at least the
first one this jacket is Ashley's it's
from Urban Outfitters it's just a
cropped puddi and then I'm wearing this
dress that I actually got from the
pretty little liar
festival gifting if you guys remember
that from my birthday vlog I think it
was my birthday or the one after my
birthday vlog don't appeal LIRR Frick
pretty little thing pretty little thing
showcase it's more like an event type of
dress but I really like it paired with
like the hoodie
and then just like I have some white
Pumas that I thought were really cute
with it do you see it yeah cute so
that's what I'm wearing right now
yes also I mentioned this earlier this
oh hello so long story short we are in
the process of choosing tile because
they said if they did the exact same one
that's here like because the Sun the
color of the towels are gonna be
slightly different so it's looking like
I actually really do need to pick out a
different tile which means actually that
this week and I really don't I'm time to
do that this week but we've got it yes
so that's what's up with that if you are
curious why our house is a disaster and
our TV's gone in it really really sucks
because if we won't watch TV like we
can't watch TV down here I watch it it's
really it's not a Clow hi pretty girl
did we get our hair done the other day
huh
why are we sad Chlo are you sad are you
mad at me because I haven't posted on
your Instagram and like forever yeah I
think that's what's up
but I'm Peppa Peppa bin - yeah yeah are
you hungry are you getting hungry
should we get sushi or something sushi
sushi
I mean maybe or sweet green we can get
speaking Ashley was like why don't we go
to McDonald's and get some pics I was
like oh my god that's really cute let's
do that so we found literally drive past
McDonald's we're like well love to do
that well that worked I was like a
little better and it not could be cute I
don't I honestly like have no
expectations so I think those are
usually go and you get the best photos
hairs like let's go shoot shall we yes
this is how you have photo shoots like
you just put everything in a bag and you
change in the back of the car and yeah
that's how you do it
so the McDonald's stuff ended up being a
complete fail but ash and I are now
getting some food we are at the butcher
the baker the cappuccino maker and I
don't know what I want but I did order a
latte let's see like a salad kind of
sounds good but then I was also thinking
like breakfast like avocado toast sounds
really good but we hear we chilling soon
butternut squash
there's a beautiful day so we're gonna
eat and we'll see we'll see what I end
up getting it ended up getting this
grain bowl thing and it looks amazing so
I'm gonna eat that okay okay are we
ready are we ready what is up you guys
and welcome to the two of Z's blog so I
am so mad because this morning I went
and got pedicures with ash Lauren and
Mia and I left my freaking vlog camera
and I'm really sad it was really fun and
we got lunch after we've been some great
blog content and I really failed so I'm
like so sorry but I will say I am
extremely excited to just kind of be
back on my vlog game I feel like so you
guys have probably noticed that I just
like haven't been uploading as much on
my vlog I have been busy which like I
feel like that's a kind of a lame excuse
he is obviously like it just wasn't as
much of a priority but we're good like
I'm genuinely excited to make some
awesome content for you guys so but I
think we actually are gonna go to the
movies tonight so that can be fun and
then yeah Ashton are kind of just
chillin I think we're gonna watch some
TV or something even though there's no
TV we have to go up in the guest room
but that's okay that's why we have that
TV like we need to use it you know so
yes this is my second time changing
today because I actually really could
wait too long to get a photo for a DI G
yes shush for letting me wear your shoes
speaking of ash hello hello ha ha ha we
should get a photo over for her because
she got her hair done I got banned up a
change again yo this is this is bad
that's so cool blue this house just has
like free little like pictures that's so
cheap
shout out to ash for letting me use her
she's again go mission get Ashley a
photo hmm she wants to sit on the Curt
or this wall or this wall there's bird
food right there I don't wanna set this
down don't I get my white switch
oh these are so cute oh my girl look
like Tinkerbell
so cute I really like I like it too Wow
these are Damon okay snaps for Lina we
did it we did it we did it we did it
yeah yeah we did it yo got so many
photos today makes me so happy I've
really been in need of some pics lately
so although it PO doesn't seem like it
to you guys but like for real anyway
absolutely doing now should we go after
some TV or something I want to write I
should I should edit my photos but I can
do that while we watch the show
multitasking at its finest update time
it is currently 841 genera headed out
the door because we are going to go at
pickup Lauren and we're gonna meet Mia
and I'm assuming Kyl axe is in movie
theatres guys guys guys for real talk
okay we're gonna see scary movie I
cannot do scary movies I can't do
anything scary like for real I could
barely do pretty little liars
like when Ashley was watching it with me
at the end when it'd be all suspense
like that would freak me out like no
other okay we're gonna be good
we're gonna be good I figured you know
we're going with Peter that like has
reclining seats so this is what this is
my plan okay already if it's too hard
for me to handle I'm just gonna sleep
the whole time and I'm gonna put in
headphones and put my hood on and just
like curl up in a ball and then that way
it's quiet
apparently anyway so I wouldn't be able
to hear or sing the quiet place does
that make sense I wouldn't be able to
hear what's going on which is perfect
that's perfect anyways I am definitely
gonna get popcorn though that sounds
amazing
it's literally like my fifth time
changing today but here's what we got I
literally thought you just dropped into
the splits for whatever reason like I
don't and I know you ki I know you don't
do the split yeah
we got a hoodie some leggings were super
come let's go get Laurie
Maiden's to city wok and okay so lord i
really nervous because if you don't do
scary movies and like we're probably
gonna cry i'm video done' so yeah yo
they have the best vegan doughnut we got
some popcorn i am very very excited for
this hey you guys what does that mean
literally just got back from the movie
it was actually not as scary they
thought it was gonna be I thought it was
gonna be a completely different type of
movie it was still scary I jumped so
many times at one point the middle Laura
and I were literally like holding on to
each other for like a good solid like
five minutes will I be able to sleep
tonight
I think I will so there you go it wasn't
as bad as I thought was gonna be but I
will say that I still jumped a freaking
line
Oh freaking lot not a lot but yes did
you like the movie ash you loved it and
loved it I thought was really good and
emotional and and and and unexpected oh
oh I was about to say a little
unrealistic
I mean hey guys what is up so I just
wanted to quickly end this vlog that way
I can get it up for you guys and yeah I
love you so much thank you for watching
and I'll see you guys really soon with
new book and yeah bye
