freaking add water i open water good
morning guys what is up and welcome to
the vlog your might you may be like
alicia where are you guys what's going
on because like you know you're not in
your normal place so we like dough
freaking excited first of all so long
story short yesterday you had a road
trip we're going to Palm Springs gotta
finish packing room is a mess roadtrip
necessities done we came out to Palm
Springs we're here for crow television
we decided to come a few days early I
actually booked this air baby I'm not
even kidding months ago because I was
like I know we did this last year where
we came to an air B&B
the week before it was so nice cuz we
can kind of relax like before the crazy
weekend it was so nice so we end up
doing the same thing and this Airbnb is
a literally the cutest freakin thing
ever or so excited I'm so excited to
take pictures and stuff like it is so
cute I'll give you a whole little house
tour later right now I'm going to put on
some makeup and drink some coffee cuz
that just sounds amazing hey pretty much
for a new video
I literally sounded Canadian hey oh this
is so cute okay anyways I need to sit oh
wait also oh wait I didn't show you guys
my nails look at my nails I got these
done for Coachella obviously and like I
am obsessed with them one the blue nail
polish is gone oh how cute oh my god
trying to find good lighting for you
guys oh there we go oh my gosh that's my
right hand and then this is my left hand
oh oh oh my god I'm obsessed like I'm
actually obsessed these are so freakin
cute it literally took them like two and
a half hours to do
they're so cute yeah I'll show you
anyways what I was gonna tell you was I
uploaded a new vlog or you go shopping
for Coachella yay so go watch it if you
haven't watched it yet so now we're
gonna put on some makeup okay another
nude TMI I don't know guys I still feel
like and then looking back at my older
pictures I was like ah you know what's
gonna grow and probably like two weeks
um who I brought some new remember I was
obsessed with this old screen you don't
want I can do ten
and makeup is done I don't know why I
feel like I just haven't done my makeup
I haven't done I makeup since I think my
birthday yeah I'm sure really like my
makeup today I like actually spent my
time on it how long was I here like 30
minutes I like like I like to poke my
time as of now really like the fenty
primer really like this I definitely
want to use a setting spray right now to
see if this like makes the foundation
better Urban Decay all nighter yes yes
ready fun too hey okay so I'm gonna show
you guys the quickest little house tour
you ever did see it is so freaking cute
like okay so when you walk in this is
what you see how many times have I said
this with like any room tour when you
first walked into my room this is what
you see is kitchen oh I have so many
Smeg appliances but like I don't have a
fridge I wouldn't get one I think
they're so cute maybe if I have like an
office one day I would totally own for
an office but you know it's just it's so
cute we love the kitchen we have a John
matter you have a table which turned
into a makeup counter this is the living
room right backyard is so pretty oh my
god I cannot wait we're definitely going
swimming later like definitely we have
one bedroom in bedroom number two did
you do one of the cutest bathrooms you
ever did see
yeah and then and this is the master
bedroom clearly we've already made our
way into but look I love the wallpaper
it's so cute
yeah we also love some mirrors that
little OOTD Oh Judy outfit of the day
I've got some glasses shirt is from
revolve it's like a graphic tee kiss
shirt with like a rainbow tongue and
it's from revolt backpack is from and
other stories shorts are Ashley's
they're from Urban Outfitters and then
I'm wearing just my Nikes we're actually
gonna go do some shopping day because
Ashley Marie still needs some clothes
for this weekend are we ready I can't
hear you
also you guys I posted a new Instagram
do-do-do-do-do there it is ah good like
it go like it go like I look like I'm
concentrating this redder and it's
actually really funny it looks like I'm
really concentrating let's go
so where are we going she got it we do
where are we going good good good going
to the base place I said the baby's
place
whoa whoa this is thank you look what
you get I saw one it's hot
oh my god hey one two three we got the
good ha ha there is something about
Mahal's like this I will forever love
cuz it just reminds me of just a home
Windsor okay go are we finding anything
no not really
Denton I'm I know my battery's gonna die
got some goodies from Mac also T's
almost gone I definitely go to
Victoria's Secret we just chilling oh my
god okay why is this forever21
say red it's literally called forever 21
red this is so interesting maybe like
for sale hey guys so my battery
obviously died the problem is is I'm
pretty dang sure that's my battery
charger for my multi camera is at home
and I left it so that Bailey really
really sucks
I asked Tamra me if she might be able to
get one for me and bring it but Jabra
was amazing and she's letting me users
walk ever right now it's a boy thank you
I'm so not used to this I haven't used
as Cameron so long but it kind of makes
it easier to vlog which I'm like not mad
at so I'm kind of excited that I have an
excuse to come play with it again yes
Ohia Graham just replied a blast let's
see what she says yo
we have been taking photos all morning
so Joe Murray and I are the first letter
tables they're still ordering I've been
getting in so much stuff done
don't weird foggy on this camera but I
kind of like it I just wish she was
whiter but I like how like easy it is
yeah like the fact I don't to deal with
a mic game changing where the food I
wear does rule that we got some food
hello stealing my migraine when you're
sighs fine we're back home stopped at
Starbucks so I got some tea what hello
feel really tall mmm
how do you pick a hey guys what's up so
I just wanted to end this vlog thank you
so much for watching and I will see you
guys really soon with a new vlog and
yeah love you guys
