hey guys so how are you good morning
today is Monday and as you can see I am
currently I'm getting ready actually I
was trying to like organize my makeup
too because it's kind of messy
Oh my hair to do but honestly I think
I'm just gonna see if I can get away
today was like not really doing because
it was curled yesterday and I really
didn't do too much yesterday maybe we
can get away yeah yeah I think it's
doable I have to have some dry shampoo
in here because my roots I kind of
greasy play with it and see if I can
figure something out maybe I can sleep
anyways I think I'm actually gonna go to
Starbucks right now because school is
officially started and I have homework
to do which sucks so bad and my battery
on my speaker died so I have to charge
that definitely need to finish
organizing this later it's kinda messy
kinda messy I need your guy's help so
bad I have no idea what to upload this
week and I'm kind of stressing a little
bit because I'm actually gonna be at
playlist live PC this weekend so I have
to have it like done ahead of time
because I'm traveling and stuff
what up guys okay so as you saw I was
here doing some studying video planning
and I'm really excited now I know the
video I'm doing anyways as you know and
I think we're gonna get lunch a Panera a
lot of shopping to do today for some
DIYs I'm excited so I got a
Mediterranean chicken and quinoa salad
myself red and look for money
oh you are the cutest I know you oMG
you're so cute you're so cute oh my gosh
as like oh you just puppy or whatever oh
that's you Chloe why are you so cute oh
my gosh
anyway let's film this let's do this I'm
excited are you doing I missed you I
hope your last week was amazing and yeah
first of all if you are new to my
channel and you've never seen at my face
before then hello my name is Alicia and
you should totally subscribe because
it's free and you can be notified at the
time that upload a video that's cool now
you won't miss out
anyways Ashley I just got our nails done
I knew it so bad I actually broke a nail
yesterday and it was very bad and
embarrassing again and they did a really
good job I have gone to so many nail
salons well I have gone through so many
nail salons and this girl just like knew
exactly what I wanted and I didn't even
have to tell her the shape that I wanted
and it was just perfect so I'm really
excited
everyone's like your nails look the same
no they don't that's like the shape is
perfect I love it perfect you know that
I'm going to buy rings back on t other
forgots and put them in here we have a
meeting for on girls night and artwork
so if you haven't heard of that or I
bought tickets yeah I'm gonna have to
link in the downbar you invite tickets
or to the you can buy tickets before the
tour
I'm so excited for it we have a meeting
like all day tomorrow so I'm bummed
because I actually like free all day and
I'm Donald water just like Linda
darling-hammond I know anybody have this
water bottle I have haven't bought about
off for like six months and I can't
figure out how the cap is supposed to
click in here it's just like click in
there and it's a big and then I saw the
girl's name there I wasn't had the same
bottle true that her heard Liz's click
should've asked her how she did it but
hers was clicked back so she could you
know and this is just always in the way
I feel normal now it's a rings on it it
feels right don't have them on
is a beautiful sight yeah it's beautiful
day so this is not morning it's actually
like evening we be in tardes get so
we're in target I need some supplies for
a video or for this week's video
Ashley a sidetrack and kind of loopy
right now it looks like you were
twerking go go pretty quick don't work
and you just torque the target you're
getting the shoes yes getting some good
okay so I need a folder I'm trying to
pick the code word on there's purple
blue would look cool
oh this tea wine list life is begin so
we're here and I got Nordstrom kind of
look at urban rights no because we're
right by it
so we found nothing in urban
it looks super cute and you look really
good in foil like that's adorable
I'm debating getting this skirt I think
it's you it's like old but I'm gonna get
it and it's dinner time so we're having
some pizza and like a veggie salad bits
of tomatoes and cucumbers and onions
avocado and we got our magical tea it's
my favorite in the world it's so good
that's what we eat so I was just looking
at some of the things that I bought
today right now but if you guys want to
haul of everything and I mean
technically it is like a back to school
haul I'm also really doing in tomorrow's
vlog if you want to see when I'm
actually getting pretty tired right now
it's finally hitting me that I'm really
tired they made you clean up because
it's kind of very meth do it now and get
ready for bed and stuff so let's take
you guys in a bit so I obviously took
shower I got ready for bed and I was
realizing that I am extremely tired to
kind of forget what I did today so I
hope it was interesting but yeah I love
you guys I'll see you hopefully tomorrow
and yeah bye
