good morning everyone welcome today's
vlog today's log has a special box so
excited and because today is my birthday
I'm all so before the Earth Day
festivities began first off Ashley
bought me coffee this morning and it
says happy birthday birthday so happy
birthday so good - I'm at a red light so
I'm not driving three I'm currently
headed to get a hair trim today my
hair's grown so much I hate traffic ah
Thank You ash so good do you remember
when I first got my hair done and how
short it was like it's grown a bit like
I'm literally just getting a trim it's
like nothing crazy I just got to my
appointment let's go next time you see
me my hair will be a little shorter and
done in a lot cuter because this is like
not cute right now okay oh my gosh my
hair you guys the hair is short I love
it we actually went a little shorter
than it initially was I am loving it I
didn't realize how much my hair grew
until now like that was crazy it was
like hitting my shoulder we got off a
lot
anyways bout to head home and uh yeah we
can start the birthday birthday
celebration
oh my god the colors and everyone he
looks so good oh my god oh my god
LG oh my god what the Frick they like
watch my videos look at cool this is
just so cute not to say that none of
this is Q because this is really cute
too but oh my god
shout out to LG for sending this cake
I'm dead I am dead that is me and this
is khlo my Starbucks they like what but
oh my god that's the best cake I've ever
seen oh my gosh you guys I'm thank you
guys so much this is so nice like it's
beautiful
the annual birthday song
I just bought a cheap one for myself for
Coachella I was gonna buy them like
Saturday really this cake looks so good
I actually really want to get after that
strawberry and I love yeah it matches
your hair your hair my hair after her
peak it looks so good her eyes are like
me so blue with it so good it looks so
good
I have to do my my annual birthday
Instagram so I got the whole family
helping me out right now
mom's gonna take a boomerang dad's gonna
vlog and ask this is so extra oh my god
oh there's no one to read you guys this
is so sweet I hear the doorbell ring and
I was like what this edible arrangement
is just there and then it says it's from
Tila and I thought that was the sweetest
thing ever like thank you fun fact
chocolate-covered strawberries are my
favorite thing ever like of life and I
love chocolate pineapple you did not
have to this this is so sweet update
time it is currently 3:45 p.m.
huh Murray's here wait I was vlogging
with Ashlyn was like wait they haven't
seen her pink hair and then I'm bought
you with you I'm like they haven't
so we are currently actually headed to a
showroom kept a remember route I told
you guys remember it was about whitefox
boutique thing and there out of all my
sizes well they were so sweet and they
were like come down we got a whole bunch
of stuff for you so that's where we're
headed right now what are we doing now
it's dinner time dinner time
I don't know where we're going but
apparently we're going to dinner I was
told to dress up you look cash iswhat is
that I'm wearing heels you're wearing
booty I look she's wearing booty I'm
wearing heels
we are headed to dinner good morning you
guys welcome to day two I think of this
vlog also my hair show sure I do I like
it's it's so short I'm not used to it
like I didn't I I don't know like yeah
I'm just like whoo oh it's real short I
hope it goes quick but I do love it so
we ended up having a fun little trip to
the Beverly Hills Hotel we are here but
we're actually headed out the doors and
let's get some food yeah we're going to
toes actually I'm been here in a long
time it's a really pretty day
I always get seven right now and they're
like do you ever talk to cat so we ended
up sitting at these couches like they
had a suit in here I'm not kidding all
the times I've come to toes I have
seriously like always wanted to sit
every single times my first time so also
what do we want to get hash browns are
so good here what do we want
okay I think I definitely want some
coffee or should we get coffee after
coffee here both let's just do both um
the waffle dough so huge surprising I'm
gonna do the avocado toast maybe some
hashbrowns I'm not sure they're so good
here I feel like I shouldn't but they're
so good
you know what oh my god this looks so
good I got a tofu scramble with a whole
bunch of veggie fruit some toast this
looks bomb I am so excited that looks
like heaven thank you so much you guys
guess why it's 11:11 they go away so
make a wish right now at this very
moment I know but whatever I don't know
what if someone's watching us right now
it is that 11:11 and they look at the
clock right now oh it's Wendy
okay so we just got to be pretty little
thing as n is so freaking cute I want to
show you guys it's literally so cute so
they said we got to pick out three
things she's exciting still don't know
it I'm wearing for Coachella yet so I
guess I could look for that white pants
bodysuit can LA sorry this is so
freaking cute it looks like bubbles
is it like teepees oh hey guys what is
that I just wanted to end this vlog all
right my books are a little behind right
now I'm honestly just trying to kind of
like get them up so that's why I like
this Benz a lot of like to day ones but
yeah I hope that you enjoyed my birthday
vlog please no I wasn't trying to pry or
anything but thanks for watching and I
love you and I'll see you guys all DC
with a new book
