good morning guys what is up and welcome
to as if loud first of all can I just
say like mmm so I am so freaking excited
right now because I probably don't care
but I care because I love all things
like this I got a new ball camera can
you tell the difference do you see a
difference I don't know if you can see a
difference I don't know if you like it I
don't know if you hate it and I just say
i pre-ordered this camera literally I
think almost now two months ago and I
finally got it yesterday and I'm so
excited like I'm so excited so much
lighter
I'm gonna be playing with it a little
bit I hope you guys like it I love it I
really like it I like it I like it I
like it I like it I like it I don't like
how close the business Lin is don't have
a hair that's like kind of just I swear
I don't know what it is but I feel like
every single time I make coffee I'm the
one that has to refill the water huh
okay take two so just waiting for the
coffee and then yeah bless we got the
goods doo doo Chooch guys I'm still not
used to my blue nails like I honestly
I'm just like I don't think it's me like
I feel like this vlog isn't me so I
ended up switching to a different lens
but so far we do I'm liking I'm liking
the camera like but now it's heavier
with this lens dang it mmm it's okay
I'll just get a workout it I wonder if
one of my arms is bigger because of
vlogging hi hello hey ash are we good to
film ready we're ready are you wearing
shorts you are wearing shorts really
still in my pajamas hey no judgment I'm
actually gonna come a video right now
and this guys this video that I'm
filming is something that I don't think
anyone's expecting that's all I got to
say I really haven't kind of ever done a
video like this like I have but I
haven't really and you'll know what I
mean when it goes up on this Sunday
April 8th ash would you mind getting a
little BTS for us little behind the
scenes I don't think I've ever really
done a video like this shout out to any
of you guys who have watched me since
then because that was probably like five
years six years ago guys
filming is done thanks for getting some
behind the scenes out anytime really
right now but he didn't really look like
I'm doing I don't know my circle oh
you're beautiful welcome to my closet
need a change and I don't know what I
want to wear today I'm gonna actually
maybe you like a dress because I'm gonna
go shopping revolve actually invited me
to come by their store and just pick out
a whole bunch of stuff for Coachella and
like festival season so I'm so excited
for that actually did something like
that last year if you remember that vlog
but I know I'm gonna be trying on a ton
of clothes and low-key I hate trying on
clothes or maybe I'll do more of a come
flock with some like leggings and stuffs
yeah I mean I guess I'm wearing leggings
so maybe I'll just wear what I'm wearing
or maybe I'll just change my jacket the
struggles man
update
so it's currently 227 the MA and I just
got to revolve in other news it's a
beautiful day today here we are so so
far these are all the yeses they look
just so cute we got the goods
hi claw hello oh my god hi did you miss
me did you miss me yeah oh my god I
can't you're so cute you guys I just got
home from revolve sorry I didn't vlog
too much honestly I was like kind of on
a time crunch but we got some crazy
goodies I really want to show you guys
what I got but I might have to wait
until tomorrow only because I have to
quickly shower and get ready because I
have a premiere to go to not to tonight
this is all basically like for Coachella
so they wanted me to just to kind of
come in like this is so nice they did
not they gave me so much yeah it's like
Coachella shopping like per year before
and all this Nike stuff there's like
these shoes that are amazing there's
this jacket which is so cute and so me
it's like a light blue and then this is
adorable they gave me this fanny pack
that has a whole bunch of essentials for
Coachella there's a Mophie in here
there's like a fan chapstick they have
so much cute stuff like and obviously
it's a little fanny pack I'm obsessed
thank you evolve this is amazing good
morning guys what is up and welcome to I
think this is part 2 of this vlog today
I'm actually filming a exciting video
that I'm kind of nervous for really feel
like I need to make this video I've
never in my life did a video like this
and I know I said that about yesterday's
video cuz I'm filming a whole different
video today and the one I thought
yesterday oh I'm already nervous I hope
you guys are excited for this and I hope
I end up putting it up because I told
myself it was like you know what worst
case just film it and if you don't like
it you don't have to upload it I'm
nervous that's all I have to say okay
but I'm excited also because tomorrow's
my birthday and I'm like real excited
for that I don't know it was I'm really
excited that's my motivation to like
make today like a very hard work day so
I can enjoy the next few days because
we're going on a surprising little
staycation trip and I'm stoked for this
video is gonna be really interesting and
I hope you guys like it you won't see it
for like two weeks though so sorry sorry
don't hate me just finished my makeup
still got my hair to do I was literally
like I ate like this entire bag of
plantain chips yesterday so that's us
chilling there update time we are about
to fill
we got a Manman guys it's like it's like
a little crew we got and we got close so
hi khlo she's like what is going on mom
just got my coffee yeah we gotta close
the I bye oh we're so cute we're also
currently getting some b-roll for a
video so that's what all of this last
clip was if you guys are wondering um
but yes so we're just chilling right now
most in filming and I'm really excited
so should be good yeah hey guys what is
up so I quickly just wanted to end this
vlog thank you so much for watching and
I will see you guys tomorrow with new
one I was just editing it right now and
I was like I never I said that and
they're gonna eat me if I don't end this
so so yes thank you for watching and
I'll see you guys later
