good morning guys though on sales Monday
I was about to say Tuesday day one day
I'll get it right and I knew Ashley Oh
like normal cuz the and Ashley just
dominated her first two fine Paula how
do you this morning I was productive I
edited and uploaded yesterday's vlog so
I'm excited about that and what else
what else what else what up and then I
was planning out my next video I'm not
sure if it's my next video or in the
next week's video because we have our
Emile Alicia clock but up soon I'm just
not sure when we're putting that Mila
Risha gallery hashtag Manresa because
hashtag me Alicia Mia Lauren I love you
yeah it's pretty epic it's epic so yeah
it's coming up soon so we're gonna be in
that house currently about to get some
lunch sure hungry
and oh my gosh just get out a pizza Rev
opened up right now
so many topping hey I like your bag just
got that yesterday I was gonna get today
gonna be my travel bag I gave it a test
drive
and we're splitting a house I mean you
have looks good looks good
get these croutons on public got um
balsamic vinegar it together
oh yeah so I got an epic pizza pepperoni
we got a whole bunch of veggies looks uh
looks pretty good good
you look cute today really I didn't do
my hair I feel like I always said you
look cute today when you don't do your
hair i never any at all
Starbuck
hey I'll be right with ya what's up with
that
everybody RB I was shocked I didn't get
anything from Starbucks I don't know why
I was just like China Open Sesame
looking for some shirts okay so like I
told you guys in yesterday's vlog I
really need concealer and foundation so
that's before doing it bomb lighting
have a girl classic ivory one left
ha one luck Maybelline I guess the light
one because there's no fair
that should work though age rewind start
concealer eraser thing Oh dry shampoo
and now at the Travel section because
why we be true yeah got some shaving
cream got a toothbrush thing got some
makeup wipes and these things ear
shopping Oh target you should get a
color imagine if I actually like just no
but I would drink someone who's just
like chillin well if you thought it was
mine and it wasn't and I got like
something some monkeys thanks for
letting me know at yeah it would have
helped like 20 minutes ago
hmm something in here doesn't belong I'm
bullying so weird
oh wait Clorox bleach pen any of that
boom I found it
Jack Paar we're gonna be different
London ten you're blowing me walking
everyone go look at the Sun now speaking
of Taylor Swift who saw a bad blood
music video thought I thought it was
really good I kind of wanted it to be
longer though I'm not gonna lie to you
good thought what are you thoughts
comment below let me know so much stuff
and they're still solve everything that
I got yesterday and a lot of you who
wanted to see what I got at the mall
yesterday and then I'm gonna show you a
few things that I got at Target today
but get into it so it's foreign exchange
and I got this top which i think is so
cute I was like a little turtleneck type
thing looks like that it's like a crop
top and stuff so I thought that was
super cute can you see it can you
picture it I like so I got it Mike
strand I got the white top that I showed
you guys while I was in Nordstrom Randy
Melville and just a white crop top it
kind of like loose does it's more cash
more cash and then thanks for your
secret I got any iPhone case I got an
iPhone case as you can see I'm just
feeling a little more like bright like
summery and colorful I got this one then
I got a bag like this because I've been
wanting that for a really long time but
London and everything coming up I was
like I could use like a nice bag for
like random stuff so I got that then I
got a bra and some underwear but that's
irrelevant and then I think I'm gonna
return this it's just an inflatable neck
travel pillow honestly I think I was
just really excited for a trip I was
like yes I really didn't think about it
like it's not come it's inflatable like
that's not that comfy I think I'm gonna
return it cuz it was a little more
expensive and then I would have likes to
pay and then that we went to Target as
you just saw got some t-shirts which are
for a video so I don't want to like
spoil them I don't spoil it quite yet
and so I got those I got a book for the
I got Paper Towns which this is becoming
a movie sale I'm kind of to read it
before the movie comes out because I'm
feeling it's gonna be really good so yes
ha ha you have a good high yesterday I
guess I just coming up some like Oh
Scott my vision which I'm really excited
for gosh my shaving cream I got the wet
brush Mia has this and it is amazing
perfect for when you actually have like
wet hair like for tangles and stuff this
is actually amazing so I finally got one
of my own I am so excited my appraisers
dry shampoo concealer bargain soda like
things for shampoo and conditioner yeah
a toothbrush thing cuz why not
that's kind of basically yes that I got
so the problem still is here that I
don't know what to wear for the actual
beautycon event yes although last night
I did order a shirt off of nasty ow
so hopefully that I liked it overnight
shipping so I think it's gonna be here
tomorrow so hopefully I get that soon so
we'll see we'll see I'm not stressing
them well I'm gonna go naked you know
you know she's been loving her peep toe
lately huh khlo
ah so much stuff I think you have a
shopping problem not gonna lie
hey khlo hi what are we doing are we
getting ready to film do you want to be
in two videos she doesn't all the time
oh my gosh it's so cute shoulders like
children I do want to be in the video
moment V dad ah ah
so we're filming a DIY right now and can
we talk about oh my gosh finding love
they're officially the cutest things I
think this is about to be my favorite
DIY ever just simply because of these
are little starbucks Frappuccino I'm
kind of happy right now I'm kind of
really happy right now
oh right three like hello guys so update
time it is now 9 46 and I'm currently
editing just a fetish that we got today
looking really good however I wish I
just had like 10 times more footage
because yeah this video is going up
Friday or Saturday most likely Friday
and in an but so much to do so I'm
really hoping tomorrow and Wednesday I
can just like knock it out but it's
exciting actually tomorrow Mia and I are
gonna be filming for our meal arisia
collab challah also like when I say it
me la Brisa you can't just say it
meal arisha like no anyways anyways I've
have two full videos completely filmed
and edited by Thursday because actually
the voice overs here and stuff so that
that's great but is that was great yeah
it's a little stressful don't feel life
but I can do it I believe in myself and
other back babies support me and I'm
rambling this is me procrastinating
editing right now so I'm gonna go oh
comment below what you think this video
is going to be later this week I'm sure
all eventually say what it's gonna be
but I'm curious what you think this
week's video is let me know in the
comments and yes currently rocking my
favorite PJ's in the entire world
fun fact I got these in seventh grade in
the men's section one night because I
was spitting the night at my friend's
house and I didn't have like stuff so I
just went and bought it or my mom was
with me and we went bottom pair my
favorite anyways I don't think about I
love you guys so so so so so much and
I'll see you tomorrow hopefully
oh yes tomorrow because I'm filming with
me on some definitely gonna be walking
anyway okay
