morning guys I am so excited right now
if you didn't see my last vlog you would
know why what I'm here at Mia and Alex's
I'm crashing because that's what I feel
it's really bright one sec cool and my
vlog camera is charged because I came
and stole me as a charger because we
have the same one which is pretty
awesome helps repor this this
circumstance although I do think I do
think I'm just going to buy a new one
because like I need that need a I
already missed you guys I was I didn't
plug for one day yesterday and I was
like I don't like it like literally and
I really don't like blogging on my phone
so yeah anyways yeah George Hardy better
or heard about ya perch camera and
battery yay currently trying to update
to my computer because it was being
extremely slow and I was like wait I
haven't updated it in like a year that
would be probably really good to do
having some breakfast damn a coffee
because coffee is BAE it's actually
extra good what you have what you make
what you make I meant wait bagels but
they're not really bagels bagels in hey
I'm leaving and we be filming we be
filming oh we be filming filming filming
um yeah I know really okay as you guys
know this week's video is my lazy day
routine although it's like a little
different I think it's kind of cool cuz
ice kind of more of like here are things
you should do if you're gonna have a
lazy day opposed to like this is my
everyday lazy day routine cuz I admit it
is like no one really went lazy today I
don't really plan stuff so it's kind of
more like just kind of more just like
ideas and stuff like that anyways what
is my hair doing so you want to see the
setup that we got we got all the goods
you could need for for a lazy day
watching for rosin because frozen is
amazing and yeah so here we go haha
circle me not and amazing news the place
where I left my blog camera charger
found it and they're gonna hand it back
to us I'm so excited hopefully I can get
it like soon tuned I'd be amazed enough
mmm-hmm update currently yet chillin
here watching The Big Bang Theory I miss
this show so much I watch it all the
time I haven't seen any of the new
season yet so we'll have to wait for
that to come out because we don't have
cable well Chloe come here oh my baby my
heart is melting is cutie and that's you
said of you and we are currently editing
the video which should have been done
like three days ago probably and now I'm
just like barely even starting hey guys
it is currently 6:30 p.m. and I'm gonna
go to the gym
Ashley's actually already there I was
editing and I was like in my mode so I
was like you go ahead and I'll meet you
there
I'm gonna go Jim do a little cardio in
it up because I should and yeah I will
see you when I get back
oh good evening guys yes khlo
we'd be chillin we be chill update so
sorry if today didn't have that much
footage I was trying to like think in my
head how much footage I have I was like
oh yeah I'll see if ie will combine this
with tomorrow if not then it just might
be a short live what this might be a
shorter vlog um yeah I think I might
just start editing it right now
it's like 11:45 it's like almost
midnight it's not like too late but it's
doable kinda like the only thing is I
would really love to be like productive
and wake up early tomorrow so I'm like
maybe I should just go to bed now where
I was a busy busy day I have so much
filming and so much editing to do it's
like not even funny you should totally
start something that's like question of
the day or like night like that end of
the vlog I always like ask you guys a
question are you guys asking me a
question maybe you could be like Q&A
like a mini Q&A like every night before
I end of vlog answer one of your
questions and you guys can tweet me
questions or like leave them in the
comments and they'll be like ooh whose
question did I choose it'll be like a
Q&A and but only like one question does
that make sense but it'll be every
single vlog that could be cool I don't
know or if you didn't think of anything
similar what do you think do we like
should we do that that could be cool
actually fine I love how there's always
studio lights just chillin it's so
funny YouTube Prague's Zoe boy mmm
that's an IQ I'm here Walden - he's
still here he's still alive like a
little kid but I totally love it and
don't care at all hey guys so today is
Friday I don't know why I never know
what day it is like ever it's currently
12 o'clock this morning I edited the
clips from yesterday
they already you just saw I was like
just uh-huh did that and then I've been
editing all morning because I have a
video clip tomorrow and I have so much
to do today it was not even funny
right now I'm actually about to leave
because Chloe's gonna go to the groomers
because she needs a bath so bad she's a
haircut really bad - but I feel bad
because she doesn't know what's about to
happen
she like choose a mind going just get
sassy and barks at them and stuff like
like Chloe whoa it's where we're going
we go into groomers yeah we are we're we
go in cause
you know we are she knows where we are
she's like Oh mom you are so dirty busy
showdown pause we gonna fix it we gonna
fix it fire I hate leaving her she
always looks at me like don't leave me
it's totally like raining today it never
rang into the head I feel like recently
it's raining a little more
yo yo vlogs takeover Alicia's eating
lunch and that's boring so I decided to
take you along with me on my Starbucks
run and ever obviously I never really
vlog we shahboz I don't this is really
weird Starbucks right now I'm gonna get
us some energy for the rest of the day
guilty pleasure of mine is one direction
we got good we got the good yeah so
super funny story I'm going into
Starbucks and I'm wearing this YouTube
is my cardio sweatshirt it's Alicia's
and it was a gift to her by laurdiy and
Lauren every barista there was like oh
my god where'd you get your sweatshirt
they're like oh my gosh we have to get
it learned anyway a little bit we like
to have things to do now I'm gonna knock
it out get it done
halt Chloe is done getting her hair done
so I'm gonna go pick her up I am
currently taking a leash scar the
birthday riding is still there one of
our neighbors pulled up next to me and
was like happy birthday and I was like
oh thank you sit sit
hi babies hey sit hey sit Chloe Chloe
Chloe you hate fresh from the groomers
it's me ah you smell good hi monkey
Hey you look so cute I know you're super
ready babe you are so pretty
she has an underbite really bad can be a
face
yay their little headphones of so cute
is extra good can you tell I'm doing
this so fast mmm
just like the right amount of sweet what
is that my Mac babies actually you guys
are more like my blog babies I am here
comfy as can be holla with a blanket and
we we are about to film what am I saying
no I'm not about to edit this entire
video I am like I've been stressed all
day about this video oh my gosh
that's Ashley for a really long time
even now like it didn't slow whatsoever
in my head I knew what I wanted it to be
but we still had just so much to film
left so I think we got it
although no I don't know I really don't
know apologize now ahead of time if
after you watched this video you're
gonna be like that was like okay like I
apologize it was my fault because I just
got a way too late and start to start a
minute so wait to the last minute Thomas
Lee normally like well you guys know you
watched my blog normally I work on a
video from like Monday through Friday
all the time and I like just started
this video like yesterday basically here
we go update you guys it is now 12:50
a.m. we are still editing literally have
not moved just kidding I moved to get
food
we basically been here like watching
friends for the longest time and I'm
just editing nice of my youtube like yo
this hood makes me feel like yeah and
what's funny is my phone died around I
don't know seven or eight I'm bothered
to charted cuz I know no one's gonna
text to me I don't know why the lighting
is like decent right now and I feel like
it's never decent late at night mmm I
look so dead right now
but the video is coming along I think I
just want to finish a couple more things
before I go to bed so that way when I
wake up I don't have like that much to
do obviously like the voiceover and
stuff tomorrow
yeah edit this vlog and get this vlog up
tomorrow should the time trying to side
show I edit the vlog tonight or try out
the video set I feel like I should edit
the vlog tonight because then in the
morning I'll actually literally do is
just upload this I might do that oh my
gosh you guys won't see how ridiculous I
look right now okay so we were filming
earlier like I told you I was wearing
this I like just put these over so I'm
literally like this is I've been like
this all night with the hood on - like
this is this is gonna thank ya oh and
you can't forget so fuzzy socks by these
sucks for the wind I'm so tired
I was just telling Ashley I'm just like
Ashley how delusional I get when it's
really late and I've been editing all
day I don't even look like me right now
it looks like a turtle actually I do
look like a turtle like I feel like I
should put the camera down before or I
don't know so what I am when I am with
what I am and I that or spin a notch air
holla I think um I think I'm gonna go
take a shower and start editing this
vlog cuz that way I should stop
recording so I have less footage to edit
right now huh yeah anyways let's do that
let's do that let's do
