hey guys so today is April 6 day after
my birthday that's how I remembered it
yeah thank you guys again for all the
birthday wishes honestly it was it was
really really really good and special
and I love you guys anyways we are
currently here filming I think it's
probably guess because this is my
filming spot it sit on pillows because
I'm too short well I'm not too sure
myself but like the way that I like the
background I'm too short I always sit on
pillows very awkwardly as you can tell
I'm just like straddling these pillows
what up
yeah today we were filming for the most
part all day so let's uh let's do this
yeah I have had so so many requests to
do an update or updated I have had are
you ready for this I hope you are I'm
excited I hope you ready today's video
is going to be a night routine that /how
girls get ready for bed so unbelievably
requested if you didn't see which I'm
hoping you did but if you didn't I did
do a morning routine /how girls get
ready in the morning honestly I had it
the best feedback from that video you
guys love to have it changed I can't
actually like singing to Chloe on camera
we are wearing forever tuna wind jet air
coastal vest and some Nordstrom booties
this is me coming home little sneak peek
of this video it's actually the night
version of the morning routine of I just
did where it's like how girls get ready
for bed so we're just now starting a
already on the intro as you guys saw
were filming like the walking home I'm
just coming home from school or work or
wherever I was yeah so that's what we
doing what are you doing clothes what
are you doing babies you look tired
so it is currently 230 outfit change
nipple to now we're doing like company
loungy stuff I'm sorry I didn't vlog
like earlier what we were filming well
today right now it's going on I am so
tired I slept in to like 10:30 why am I
tired this is what I want to know it's
like I need like a day just like birth
just wait for it wait for it bout to
post an Instagram why is it so bright
come on
bout to post on Instagram holla ready we
go 5 4 3 2
you didn't call up dude we have a damn
man oh my gosh guys also I don't know if
you know this but Instagram like changed
their settings a bit you can now put
notifications on for someone so when
they upload a picture you can be
notified when they upload it honestly
any time any of my friends upload a
picture I feel like I never see their
pictures I don't know why it bugs me but
now I have notifications on for everyone
so I'm like super super happy so if you
didn't know that and you would like to
put notifications on for my Instagram
you totally can it's under like settings
and stuff but it makes me so excited I
figured I would share the information
with you guys because I was so ecstatic
to find out ecstatic ecstatic to find
out that that happened you know what I'm
saying but yeah it's just posted on
Instagram it made my speed like
perfection like it added a lot
definitely added a lot to the the
Instagram theme as you can see oh yes
yes yes yes please follow me on
instagram mac maybe lemon holla
yes meeting chocolate and i are cheap
MIT let's redo that shall we locked our
easter candy
it was a bunny but we we just did our
fourth clip oh we nailed it
that's good and we got intro outro intro
after the drop so now we have to put on
the hoodie and be like yo comfy clothes
that's a lipstick camera oh I'm a
stewardess from Saul's or wall sit
without the wall what the what's it
called let that make sense
oh you're not too tall number six
killed it excuse me Alicia's not here
babe you have rich deletions recording
message what we have to work I don't
know we have to work what's next with
all that energy past two hours to get
those top six shots plus intro plays
outro 6 plus and ripest after Andrews
option intro outro plus 6 rocking and
shoes down the hallway change open
drawer closed drawer know what we got
here
so um so what am I really good friends
or on my birthday gave me assorted
Belgian chocolates and of my oh let's
have some but we're basically just
taking a bite of each one and like
testing lot they're completely retry the
Magic Flute Mozart Perrin mango ganache
cappuccino cream we tried crunchy
biscuit and vanilla cream and make the
pyramid with the speaks yes Ben i'ma try
the soft caramel Thank You Julie your
bomb Zoe
so it has been a while ball oh my gosh
is currently 1111 favorite number make a
wish ready set go
okay I got it done Oh anyways I'm
currently uploading yesterday's vlog
which is my birthday vlog I finally
edited it edited that I could never say
that word I finally got it completely
edited and um I went to upload it
earlier tonight and YouTube is like nope
basically it was just that like 0% in
the entire time for like over an hour so
I tried two times and I switched
browsers try it again that's an it work
so finally I'm just like I'm just gonna
wait it out we're also watching Harry
Potter yeah that's what we be doing I
took a shower because I knew that so bad
like no no no and yeah so that's what
I've been doing hey guys so it is now
currently it's exactly 12 o'clock
midnight right now and I'm going to go
to bed I am so so those those Oh tired
oh good oh you guys soon and I love you
bye
