good morning guys so I'm sorry I'm sorry
there was not a vlog yesterday I have
been so busy this week is crazy but
today I was like you know what I'm a
vlog today
no look it's helped me no I'm gonna find
a way to make this get up so I'm
drinking the coffee this morning I went
to the gym I got vodka or introductive
thing I'm done no I did some emails I
had some calls so currently I'm here on
the couch that's team Omega as I'm weird
and I do my makeup here all the time now
I don't know why but I do and it's weird
but you know what's that's ok and yeah
so let's get my face on yo yeah let's do
it
what you the makeup is done the hair is
not done it's just air dried so far I
think I might go blow-dry it or
something but it's not done yet but it
will be done cooking in the kitchen yeah
okay I see was rap why am I just now
finding out about this boot at zucchini
dough the balm balm we got some uh some
decoration just ahead got some confetti
got some door curtain got another door
curtain basically we are going to
totally turn the living room haha this
should be fun but I think we're gonna
get some lunch
and then we're gonna decorate this whole
wall right here and it's gonna be happy
I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited
what whoo-hoo we got a prom background
got a prom background also currently
using super state 14 hours lipstick
Maybelline New York and perpetual peony
peony I still never know how to say that
whatever yeah it's very bright fun pink
so I totally recommend it if you guys
are looking for this color in the best
part it's from the drugstore it's like
super super cheap and I love it this is
like my second one so I highly recommend
that you guys try it out okay
pretty good Epic's prom glad that you
have all been waiting for
and now for an episode of what not to do
at proms Apollo
so much confetti and a balloon what yo
finally popped out the glasses of the
glasses finally popped out the lenses of
my old fake glasses so if you guys are
curious these are my fake ones and I
popped them out so that way there won't
be like the reflective like thing it's
really distracting on camera so I still
might roll bosses these are the fake
ones lenses are popped out so that way
there's no ugliness yo do we like the
background to be long okay I have to go
finish filming goodbye what is this what
is this fight fight bye BAM you look
like a little Easter Egg you want treat
yea show everyone our bows we look like
a little Easter Egg oh he's like so
ready give me a high five we need to
have a photo shoot boy y'all Instagram
Bevis darby's I'm so excited I tweeted
earlier today that I really wanted
Starbucks like I just found it so long
so we got some oh yeah Thank You Ashley
yes now it's a party in here good
morning is around 8 o'clock try and
reproductive Ashley and I are gonna go
to Starbucks and edit well she does home
some homework I'm gonna edit and then I
actually have two things to edit so it
should be good but yeah that's what's
going online really tired
which is gonna be flogged that's why
it's like not a punch but I had all that
another video which is like mostly done
not so I'm gonna couple more like
footage seems like today did I'm
planning out a video that's going up
into oh next week that's way up next
week
yeah watch as she does your homework and
it's i'ma let you in that water a panic
on coffee is that a shocker or what I
know you got
many infinite and Nazi is my favorite
right like what is a vlog without
Starbucks it's a very boring alright
okay so we are going to Michaels because
I have some supplies that I need to get
for videos and yeah by the jar
okay so I need like accessories because
I'm making so I'm making like DIY
accessories for prom like hair like like
hair accessories and stuff so I have to
find all those materials and yeah and
yeah okay let's see what we got got some
bedazzle we got some bedazzle nasty like
that's pretty that's really pretty I
can't decide between B's or D this might
you're right I think these might blue
better I feel like that one would go
really easy going with the pearls cute
too yeah let's put that one back
seriously have such cute decor here like
no one would guess that you know what I
mean like it's not all just DIY stuff
like being and everything was like
always on sale okay so now we are target
bands are arrested and supplies for DIYs
and Michael didn't have everything so
now we are headed there with the Bay the
dollar section is always so much fun
yeah we never get news I know I guess
but I'm getting yeah Paula I'm almost
out my gosh literally so tempting
oh my gosh you found it I was excited we
have been looking for that comfort than
the longest time I am so excited right
now okay we have to do a spicy
aftertaste us
Betty cakepop seasonal Edition which
means that this is bomb we need to stock
up if it sucks then that sucks because
we got those gel no hard okay so I like
actually good flavor
he's like cake looks like cake take cake
batter cake batter frozen yogurt better
mm-hmm like it's good good job extra
they always say would you buy that's
real good
extra seasonal Edition good Betty cake
pop you guys have to get it try it let
me know your thoughts something's really
good it just tastes exactly like cake
like vanilla cake cake pop kick better
okay so does now lunch time about and
we're still filming the bran video as
you can see that you got some essentials
right here then we have I did a DIY and
actually just got pretty cute I'll give
you guys a sneak peek don't judge me
though I'm using a watermelon because I
need this to dry so it's like a headband
I think it looks super super super cute
like we added all the like the jewels
and stuff we were like what can we use
like where it can dry you know I was
like you use a watermelon there we go
so we go so I am currently editing
everything no lie I will beat your all
night although I will say I think you
guys like get how much now it takes to
edit like I have literally be here all
night but that's okay myself a couple
other things to film but we're waiting
until the Sun Goes Down and yeah but
yeah I cut out super super cute you guys
I feel like you Tim is it focus boom
there you go no do my hair accessories
for prom but honestly it was so easy to
make it's like super nice I would
totally wear this prom actually like I'm
gonna wear this like I'm actually going
to wear this I think it's super super
cute and I love it um but yeah I just
want to show you guys here's a better
close up for you so those are the things
that we got at Michaels and then I just
had the headband so I am
Ashley we have to tell them that we're
going to the gym so now we are going to
the gym that's opposite what's up at
5:52 almost six so we'll try to be good
maybe beautiful like to our isn't be
like yeah
oh it sprayed my pink bunny spam yeah
yeah anyways I need to find my workout
shoes doo doo doo doo doo fun fact I
hate putting shoes on Oprah much you
okay yeah what video should Ashley film
guess we're back from the gym help them
Ashley's filming well you're gonna be
filming favorites video or us bring get
ready I think spring get ready I'm just
like procrastinating I'm like I need to
edit but I don't want to edit also I
love how it's nighttime
but because the studio lights are on
like it doesn't well every night shot is
always like orange of ugly this is an
orange ugly okay I'm tired a little bit
hold her so update I am currently still
he currently still editing what else is
new oh yeah this video I submit mostly
mostly mostly mostly done I just have to
you the voice-over but I you think I'm
just gonna do that in the morning
getting paradis it's what I am and but
then I was thinking I really really
should edit this vlog before I go to bed
at least majority of it I mean like a
lot of it is edited way just don't have
to worry about it in the morning and I'm
tired right now but I think I will be
really happy if I at least get some a
little bit more done and yeah but
anyways look out for are you ready watch
this video if you're watching us I'm in
here to Russia so yeah so if you like
this video be sure to like it give it a
thumbs up and be sure to watch out for
my from collab which is going up
tomorrow I'm pretty happy with that
overall I think it's gonna turn out well
turn out turn out good and do well
anyways I love you guys I will see you
really soon and yeah bye
