morning guys Ashley Kat tonight right
here we are watching yeah we are
watching my video that's going to cook
today just make sure that it's all good
so today we are having an adventure I'm
not gonna tell you what yet cuz doesn't
know we're a surprise Thank You Sun so
bright no money
ha mom here I got some protein boxes one
for me ash and cat we're ready we
surprised hey I'm sorry I haven't
blogged much too much today
I'm so sorry it's so relaxing luckily
this time in a way it was like burning
earlier but like no we're like in the
shade which is super super my triangle
bikini
you're wondering and I was tweeting my
Seventeen magazine how do you pronounce
his name counsel Telugu boy it's good
though we've been here for a while I
think oh and I put my video on public so
that way you guys Cynthia everyone's
liking it which makes me so so excited
we're gonna go get some food right now
because I'm starving
I like fairly eating all day getting
some yeah so we got a salmon salad it's
a lad sunrise new spongebob Salah
very refreshing shame no shame Lucy just
take a picture like Oh yours looks so
much prettier than mine hey it was
really good and I'm currently reading
some of you guys's comments on my new
video and lighten them and replying to
as many as I can on your phone watch it
watch it watch it oh I think I like
yours better mine yeah I think yours is
gonna give us
I almost got the winner we're now
leaving and I am fetus face do not mind
that we're leaving no we're doing that
we're gonna get some food which is
preparing decide where we want to go so
I walk into the car we're and do my
makeup in the car although I'm not gonna
brag I'm pretty good at it
know why because in high school I used
to do my makeup in the car every single
day to school so I'll just open for
adventure okay
put you on hey yeah yeah yo so our
adventure has led us to this really cute
shopping center I mean it's just like an
outdoor mall with the cold you know it's
cool - the shops and chino hills' I
think that's what it is
I'm not sure but it's super super cute
we are here we're going to get some
dinner and he's not just dinners this
one has ever had crabs I mean I crab but
I've never had like actual like me an
entree of you guys know that it's like
my store actually have like three
coupons I have a birthday one I have
like $15 off sports bras and free
underwear Paula I don't have them with
me though so I can't go right now okay
so we went to hmm but I didn't get
anything no no got anything just kidding
got anything and now you're heading to
what's it called chicken crap bizarre
the chicken crab it was gotta be good
I'm gonna be able to vlog while eating
relax
it was so nice it doesn't look like it
right now I know you did you did
circular
I'll get a beer
Oh
the aftermath
what you - why not or you only or you
only can step on why would you step on a
lot of this I felt lighter again I'm a
heel
the fountain so pretty near where are we
going ice cream huge look at this line
it goes there and then there and that's
the story there we're having a who's
taller discussion Alicia thinks she's
taller she's casting she's taller
because Billy
we're gonna do a showdown right now
back-to-back that's what I'm saying got
a little more fruit here here but yeah
like you guys do the same finally front
going out the front the front of the
outside of the line there you go after
his ice cream leave your day here
thank you thank you
there's so many flavors I got I got the
almond almond cookie ice cream oh my
gosh oh this looks so bomb
I though this is actually one of the
best things I think I've ever had what
is it I'm basically a doughnut a milky
bun and then they press it and replace
the ice cubes in two and then they press
it like a panini press maybe yeah I
don't know how they do it but they like
basically and it's like yeah
buh-buh-buh-buh
so we are now back at our apartment
and I'm so tired I guess my hot time
I miss the funny
