hello people of the Internet
I'm in such a good mood today I think
it's cuz it's - no way as a timer it's
almost one a little better although it's
still like almost 1 into that yeah it's
tough yeah so we're getting ready to
film but yeah but Ashley is helping me
right now I'm trying to figure out like
the last couple of clips that we need
because I sell most of it but they're
still like a couple like fun clips that
I want to get or figuring that out I
just uploaded my blog one Jeff actually
upload it pretty early to go off early
today
but like early when I was like I woke up
and I uploaded it so so yeah PG dub yoga
didn't happen if you saw yesterday's
vlog I tried I really did try I tried
actually I didn't try that hard but I
did try also random everyone always asks
what's nice is good I use I use the
benefits they're real pretty pretty lot
like I've been loving it lately you not
so easy and yeah - look don't know when
that's what's going on that's what that
is going on what else is going on what
up what up what up shopping ok wait film
I'm in shopping later because I still
haven't started my Christmas shopping
baking some quest bars because quest
bars are dabei as you can probably tell
oops I burnt it hey what are we gonna
wear today what are we gonna wear today
by the way believe it or not I actually
totally like cleaned out my closet even
though it doesn't look like it this is
it clean I'm pretty proud of myself
Paula Oh what do I want to wear today
you know I kind of feel like looking
cute but I also kind of feel like
looking really comfy I cleaned it out
but it's definitely not like organized
by clothes it's all just kind of like
randomly there so we still gotta fix
that I love this sweater I made people
wear that operation figure out what to
wear literally I'll be here for like an
hour at full I wish there was someone
who could like pick out my outfits for
me not even gonna be comfy or to be cute
or to be cute comfy
I don't wear this through yet Oh Oh it
pick up my okay how about this skirt
this is cute I have not worn it yet you
know it's bad when you have clothes in
your closet with the tags still on it
like well you know it's funny as I
purposely do that one you can always
like return it because you don't you
didn't like it and two it shows you how
long it really takes you to wear
something that way the next time I'm
shopping I can remember wait it took me
a month to wear that one dress so I
shouldn't get this thing that I'm want
about right now you know I mean it
doesn't make any sense me not justify
things too anyways point is let's wear
this skirt with what that is the
question that is the question okay home
how about this is this cute oh no I
can't
I think we'll see we'll see I mean or I
could just wear this what I'm wearing
right now
that's super cute okay so for the video
one part is like talking about Netflix
I'm like how binge sessions are the best
and stuff so Ashley's totally ordering a
pizza right I'm having a prop for the
video look at that - ready go so why are
you with him
you tell us
Ashley and I are to the mall BAM I'm
kind of scared it's gonna be crazy like
I like it but I really need coffee right
now like I'm just going dragging like
the past two hours I think I've done
nothing yeah Christmas shopping done mom
and dad if you're watching this stop
watching this okay stop stop stop turn
it off
like so tight hey skinny you know
it and like all of us like 50% off I
want to buy it
what if you can get the kid I think it's
only one but you've never tracked
I have Pacifica can you imagine getting
a card that had that many gift cards in
it I want to instruct for life this
thing records like winning Starbucks for
life I want to win Starbucks like what
would I do
I would die happy happy yes are you
register your card there we go
hey guys we are now as you can probably
all right new Belle please please don't
please how the Christmas like movie
night going up
so because it's funny is actually got my
parent something from there oh and then
we got my dad fix the hair fix the hair
redo that update so we went to Nordstrom
Rack yeah my mom - sweater like us
jacket and a cardigan thing which is
super cute I think she'll like come on
then we were really hungry and we were
like let's get sushi we were spontaneous
bon nuit e at its finest my noob life
motto I decided to come to downtown and
get sugar fish I've never been I have
never been but I've heard it's amazement
I'm so excited to officially try it
because I feel like connected to it
although I'm not but I feel oh this is a
good spot exciting in the parking garage
the reverb in here is amazing
hey guys so update time we ended up
watching elf I don't know I never blog
that I literally didn't I think to vlog
it basically that's all and then I was
gonna get ready for bed I didn't I'll
have my makeup office and I just like
take off all this nastiness then I was
like wait I have to end my vlog I will
see you guys in tomorrow's vlog I have
some more Christmas shopping to do
tomorrow and yeah I'll see you isn't
fine hola so today's parts of a new blog
is not going to be much of one basically
I'm gonna tell you what happened today
and why I did not vlog yeah face okay so
I actually did get a couple clips but I
like it I feel like it's so pointless to
even include them because they're like
irrelevant to life basically Ashley and
I each went shopping for each other so
we went to different malls it was good
but I didn't even vlog while I was
shopping honestly I really didn't want
to show you guys what I got her because
I know there's someone out there who
would show her on Twitter or something
and I would be so sad even if I told
Ashley not to watch the vlog there is a
big chance of her like finding out what
I got her and I do not want that to
happen at all so I got her a couple of
things and then I got Kat some things I
got my mom a couple of things too and
then while I was shopping I'm literally
literally literally carrying about five
or six bags I was exhausted hadn't eaten
all day I was like headed I was too
hydrated I was just like I need to get
home finally make it to my car to find
that I don't have my phone my phone was
not with me I searched every single bag
and I searched my purse like 10 times it
is just a phone you know what I mean but
it's still like I was so tired so it
made sense why I like left it somewhere
then I was like dang that means I have
to go and Ashley never supposed to meet
up for lunch and I was already late so
like dang like I'm gonna have to ask
someone to use their phone so I can let
her know cuz I didn't even know where
the place was long
I'm sorry sure I found my way back to a
store where I bought something so that's
why I'm not gonna say what store it was
but but the point is that I found my
phone so that was very relieving anyways
I'm gonna go I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and I'll see you guys it's
super soon it tomorrow but
