good morning YouTube so it's 11:20 to
Tuesday I'm in January was the day the
eight to seven days seven anyways um
today what do we have going on today Mia
is actually coming over to super
exciting so she's gonna see the
apartment and then we're gonna head out
to LA and have a lunch with some of the
girls from style Hall so that will be
really fun um I'm not really sure what
else is going on today but you guys are
definitely coming along with me I made
my bed this isn't learning I want to get
more pillows still but this is what it
looks like when it's all like kind of
put together and stuff I really love it
this blanket kind of needs to come a
little lower so cute right the headboard
and the duvet and a bed skirt is all
from Target and om that pillow a lot of
this is from Target I mean this is from
Marshalls I'll do a whole room tour once
my room is completely done on my main
channel but until then you guys can kind
of see all this little stuff that I'm
adding here and there and guess what
came midday in it so cute we got that
from Macy's on Black Friday to had a
really good deal so they delivered that
today which is super exciting we want to
get two more black pillows to go there
the color scheme is in the living room
is gonna be black gray and cream so we
have the great couch and then we put up
the black curtains last night and then
we rearranged Ashley's room yesterday
she won't care if I show you guys so we
just moved it from the side it was like
against that wall coming this way and
now it's this way we've been rearranging
a lot of furniture lately just kind of
seeing what we like but I think I think
everything's pretty sad now we still
need to get a coffee table and like
little stuff like that for the living
room but other than that I feel like
we've pretty much bought everything like
really all right dude
I have gotten so much progress done in
my bathroom in closet you guys have to
see this I'm quite proud this money had
probably had about five boxes all
together in here and now I'm down to two
and
like step when you walk in you can
actually see the floor so I have this
box which is all my makeup and beauty
stuff so have to go through all of that
but eventually I want this drawer to
just be like my makeup you know on like
different compartments and stuff so I
can easily do I make it varies in the
morning um but I have to go through all
that's what's funny is when I was home I
actually got rid of so much makeup I
gave away a lot to my friend and Ashley
and my mom and I saw it like so much
what does my hair do and then it might
analyze it have most of my clothes up
and then I got my shoes all done because
those were like two boxes full of shoes
so all of those and then I have the ones
up there and then I have left this box
of clothes but I kind of need more
hangers I think I'm gonna need a lot
more hangers so I have these so I can
still technically put a few more up but
I get them from like Marshalls or
HomeGoods or Ross they have them really
cheap I love these hangers um and so I
think I need like one or two more packs
of those yeah
oh okay so you went to lunch with
Bridget and camp and satellite
evolutional clockman they actually
completely dry outside so it's ten
degrees it was amazing and I was just
there yesterday so I got a pretty much
got the same thing I got them baby
yeah the phone
that's signal I want to map excuses
it really wasn't good
mine is okay just like water even though
I'm more excited yeah I'm more excited
just to hold it because it's really warm
and my hands are freezing
we did not plan to match today Brandis
leaders and I almost wore that exact
same one but I was like so back in the
apartment now you should do that in your
vlog Channel and just act like it's your
Eric's you know just be like so I know
yours have been wanting a new ring and
then we're gonna go get no actually
technically say it is it or
 Vietnamese Stan
so this is what we got meeow meeow are
splitting so don't worry that's not all
for me but I'm quite excited I haven't
had this in a while hey say hi Jules
No so Mia just left and now I'm going to
edit this vlog and go to bed because I'm
tired
and yeah so I'm just gonna say goodbye I
hope you guys liked this vlog as always
thumbs up for more vlogs like this and I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow or the
next time I'm gonna put belongs fine
