no I'm just putting your face up so it's
what time is it or it's something almost
far it's all time it's almost 5:00 a.m.
I did not know that
daddy's so daddy we're gonna go wait in
line they said we can't be in line till
6:00 a.m. we gonna break the rules no
we're not I thought a little breaker
yeah you guys see how crazy it is and
how got oh girls get
to sales but you better like rabbit like
take it what's that happened to me last
time
no way I was like oh this is what girls
like nope and I was like oh you can have
it like it's only five bucks you have
made progress in the line it's not I for
30 and it was almost sick sick 11707 and
we are literally like right up front of
her so we're next in line and here it is
we're waiting so we bring you guys a I
need to tell the chaos I heard a lot of
stuff is gone what else would reduce our
loss
we shall see hopefully we can get some
extra support give away what I just give
where's we're gonna call together we
have my final policy so here's what I
got I'm not gonna actually like Shiva
Hall I'll show Hall my actual channel so
I won't go through anything here but we
got quite a bit of stuff it's good stuff
in there
Mia did some damage I don't think but
how much did you count how many items
you like actually how are you like 30
maybe thank you guys so much stuff
probably 30 as you can't I'm curious now
we are officially starved so we're good
I'm gonna change
but I think this is my third time like
teaching outfits never done that before
okay
yeah I think even more money I don't
know I almost got that I got one like it
cute it's like look at all of us and
then you got Julie for free those like
here sweetie you can have is so good I
got blood orange eliminate which is
really good I like the original and I
said this and I really like it um and
then I got barbecue beef brisket I think
it's what's called a zombies and then I
got this tomato thing which has
mozzarella and basil on it I don't
really like the basil that much but I
love the tomato in the mozzarella I mean
like pine nuts and then just I don't
even know if this is called she's like
do you want something something rice and
I was like huh she's like you want
something something right I was like I'm
sorry what I was like what's it like
she's like it's kind of like a mix I was
like oh sure and that's really good so
yeah that's what I got to eat yay me is
fine some dogs show me what you've got
she likes smiley just kidding I would
totally get those notes on the back of
cute so we left fashion and eyelid and
we got some more goodies I haven't had
this like this much of a successful
shopping trip in a really long time and
usually would have good friends I don't
find that much stuff I don't know woman
like when I'm by myself I tend to find
more things I like everything that I got
today I love that really excited for so
you guys would say that a phone call
coming up to do my super suit and then a
brandy Hall that we're gonna fill
together so that way it sound like too
much at once and now we're on our way to
get boba because that's what we do
together and I haven't had Bobo since we
left for Japan which was over mostly
forever ago oh we made up a rap and the
brandy line ready
yeah and we lookin so fine mama me mama
mia makeup looking good baby you guys I
have the craziest story to tell you as
you can probably tell I've been crying
it it's kind of funny now that I look
back on it like going through it I was
one of the scariest things like ever so
basically um Mia drops me off at home
and I'm gonna try to do this fast
Mia drops me off at home I let I go
outside to play with u2 or my dog for a
second to let him run cuz he was really
hyper I come in and I'm about to use the
bathroom and I close the door behind me
and I hear static and I'm like that's so
weird we don't have like a radio or
anything that would make that type of
noise and then I hear a woman's voice
saying hello three times and then the
static starts again and the first thing
that kind of comes to my head is like
like I wasn't with like a walkie-talkie
and I'm like we don't have any
walkie-talkies like what the heck it was
like that kind of noise with the beep
and stuff and I started freaking out I
was like maybe that was my phone
cuz I thought I was on the counter so
like I look at my phone and it like I
didn't call anyone or anything so I'm
starting to like really get freaked out
now I'm home alone by myself
it's um later at night and the Oh is in
the backyard so I'm like great like he
can't like he's not here to help me in
any way like you know I mean then I had
just gotten home so of course like in my
mind I'm like is someone like here like
I sounded right outside the door or the
bathroom door like where I was it
sounded like it was right outside cuz
I'm standing there and the bathroom with
my phone like thinking of maybe I called
someone but I hear it like right outside
the door I'm freaking out so I call my
mom because they were about an hour away
and they're on their way home and I was
buying one exactly they're gonna be home
cuz I thought maybe they came home maybe
I heard her on the phone or something
like that
so I call her like hey where are you
guys she's like oh we just got on this
freeway we'll be home at about an hour
I'm like great so obviously that means
you're not home to make that noise and
everything okay cuz obviously like I'm
like where are you hello do I like I
swear I just heard like some noises like
I don't know like I couldn't really
explain it then I'm talking my mom on
the phone while I'm explaining this I
hear static again that's what I really
started freaking out I'm like okay I'm
not hearing things it's so loud is so
crisp like I could hear it it's right
there
and I started like freaking out I start
bawling my eyes out like oh like oh my
gosh I don't know what's going on
I'm freaking out like no other and like
oh my god I just like it was so bad and
she's like you know what call your
sister's boyfriend because he lives like
right around the corner um and he can
like come over and make sure
everything's good and stuff so like okay
so we called him he's like I'm on my way
I'll be there like 10 minutes George
finally comes over he opens the door I'm
like bawling my eyes out and he gives me
the biggest hug I'm like I have no idea
I was like oh my gosh like I feel like I
can't breathe I started freaking out I'm
like I have no idea like I was like but
I swear like I know what I heard it
wasn't like maybe I heard this it kind
of was like this you know like I knew
exactly what I heard but then I started
thinking like oh great am I going crazy
or something like am i hearing things
you know my sister's boyfriend and my
mom also hear static dude I'm like you
guys just hear it because I told you I
heard it you know I wasn't sure if they
actually heard it no no we heard
something this is like okay that makes
me feel a little better I think I start
like going through all my stuff I
thought I got shopping that day so I was
like great I can't even enjoy this
anymore because I was so like like uh
worked up over what just happened and
I'm going through my brandy bag at the
sale and like with showing um my mom
like kind of some things that I got and
I looked down and there's a
walkie-talkie in the bag that's on and
then it goes off and like you know I can
scan a walkie-talkie and like find other
people's like stuff and like talk to
them you know I mean if you know I'm
talking about well that's what happened
so the whole time that's what was my
just doctor looking at it like are you
kidding me like that's what this is
about this whole time and it was funny
because I knew it was a walkie talkie
like that's the first thing that pops
into my head but I was like that like
literally can't be it like we don't have
walkie-talkies you know I mean so there
was a walkie-talkie and I'm guessing the
person who bagged my bag at the checkout
the cashier girl all the workers had
walkie-talkies at Brandi at the sale
today so I'm guessing she had it in her
like when she grabbed all my clothes to
put in my trash bag because they like
give you trash bags she just left it in
there or like dumped it in there and
then they zip tie it so you can't like
reopen it unless you like tear the bag
so I had just like tear torn the bag to
like look at all that stuff and it was
right there and there was a
walkie-talkie in the bag that was going
off and I'm just like are you kidding me
like that's what that was the entire
time I felt chemisty but afterwards but
I felt relieved knowing like that I knew
what it was now because I knew I heard a
walkie-talkie and I thought I was going
insane because I was like it was a
walkie-talkie I heard a voice like it
was so freaky so I had to tell you guys
that story just because I've never had
anything like that happen to me before
and I thought it was kind of funny I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and I
will see you guys soon I'm gonna start
vlogging a lot more I promise
love you guys bye
