good morning everyone Wow my piece is
looking great look you come up here to
get my laptop so let's grab that this is
very I'm looking at rough I need to put
on my makeup and I really don't want to
mmm air okay guys I need to upload a
vlog so do I go downstairs and edit or
do I start my makeup I'm kind of filling
makeup I bet everyone was like edit and
makeup is done I like my brows are like
not too hot today but that's okay
there's a little darker than normal I
also did this pretty dang quick not
gonna live anyways first I realized that
whole clip of me doing my makeup like
you couldn't even see anything which
like that really that's it but it's okay
also if you guys haven't seen it yet I
uploaded two videos that I really really
really want you to watch the first one
is the pretty basic reality show one
it's one of my favorite videos I've ever
done it really showed you guys like a
behind the scenes of like working on a
project and stuff and I love that one
it's so much I'm gonna have that link
down below and then yesterday I uploaded
the switching houses with Lauren that
video I also loved it so much because I
feel like it's a different way for you
to see like my house and stuff so we
collab we each lived a day at each
others house so go watch it or go watch
it again if you already have it serious
like one of my favorite videos it means
so much bye I realize in Lauren's video
that she uploaded on her channel she
comes into my room and I have been so
crazy busy lately that I realized I
haven't uploaded a vlog yet showing you
guys my new bed and she showed it in her
video and I saw a lot of comments people
being like yo Alicia when did you get a
new bed I got a new bed and I loved it
so much
honestly the day that I got this I
vlogged and I was just gonna upload it
and then I forget what happened and I
think I just never blogged again that
day so I ended up not uploading that
footage but yeah I got a new bed and I
loved it so much I feel like it's a lot
more me I got from West Elm it was on
sale and I got an extra 20% off so Halle
snaps for Lita but it's just like this
platform mid-century modern white bed
and we love it the only thing is without
having a footboard which I love it so
much easier to make my bed as you can
tell I made it well it's kind of Jane
right here but well just um pretend it's
not anyways there's so much more room
right here so I kind of don't know what
to do I think I need a rug for one but
to maybe like a new bench or something I
don't really
yes here's my new bedroom I love it so
much so you guys are gonna see this
background from now on I really should
do my hair but we're gonna wait to do
the hair because I did the makeup really
need to go edit a vlog to put it up
because you guys have been coming at me
sorry also I found out very very last
minute that I'm leaving for a trip
tomorrow
I'll tell you where later but let me
just say I've never been there and it's
a bucket-list destination for me it was
so last-minute so that's happening -
okay guys so I've literally been sitting
here for what feels like forever but the
vlog is I don't know why I just took
forever but it's at ready ready ready
there it is handcuffing myself to my
sister Ashley who filmed a video for my
main channel actually we're collabing on
it but we're both being handcuffed to
each other for 24 hours that's the
behind-the-scenes of it it still has to
go up on my main channel but I'm not
sure when that videos going up but it's
going up yeah so get excited for that
video I have a feeling this vlog
actually no I want this vlog to be up
before that because I feel like that's
gonna go up next week your girl really
needs to stop uploading these walks so
freaking late because not only is that
annoying one but two vlogmas is coming
and i can't do that then which I'm so
excited for vlogmas guys have actually
been rainstorm some intro ideas which
I'm so excited for and yes I am gonna be
doing vlogmas putting that out there I
feel like it was assumed I talked about
it in like live streams and stuff before
definitely doing that I'm getting really
excited for it but I'm genuinely like
Alicia you need to figure out your vlog
game right now cuz it's kind of sucking
and I'm letting a lot of people down but
anyways vlog is up we're excited also we
have a package let's do it like I'm
always very unsafe when it comes to this
one-handed high chunk hello
are we sleepy oh hello did you love when
Lauren babysat you did you love it again
you need to go watch the house off video
with Lauren it's hilarious Chloe
definitely I think she did okay oh my
god wait you guys I'm getting so excited
because I see Christmas I think it's
their holiday stuff oh my god lush is
the freakin best oh my god oh my god oh
my god um okay I'm up
with this I feel like if I was to come
out with any holiday collection ish like
this would literally be the colors I'm
just obsessed with this like I love how
it's not just like red and green which
like we love that but this is so cute oh
my god it smells amazing so thank you so
much lush I'm gonna literally gonna take
a boomerang right now so I can post this
okay I'm gonna try to do this one-handed
while vlogging yo is this not inception
or what is it good let's see oh I should
add a Christmas song to it we got some
Justin Bieber Christmas music that makes
me so freakin happy so here's the really
chill outfit of the day we have a shirt
which is from Target I think it's Hanes
is a literally like a white t-shirt
there we have a skirt which is for
everyone
my shoes are converse and my purse that
day my clothes I'm gonna see you later
I'm gonna go get food cuz your mom is
hungry okay buddy no that's amazing dude
ooh
my hair is crazy we made it's tender
greens gonna get some food because I'm
so hungry I was gonna post meat it and I
was like no I'm gonna go get out of the
house are you gonna go I don't know
everything looks so good
the salad is
I love the happy things like that look
at that I usually have the salmon on top
which Oh literally about the good option
except they said maybe a BB gun but no
yeah we got some good I got the salt and
pepper chicken some tomato soup a salad
and some veggies young cool okay we'll
update later bye hey guys don't hate me
I forgot to in this vlog again I know
wow that was beautiful
anyways um yeah thanks much for watching
and I'll see you guys in the next vlog
