good morning guys what is up one more
detail pretty bad fire actually by the
time you guys see this is probably up
which is so freaking exciting my room
and I started a podcast which you guys
probably know it's just out it's amazing
it's called pretty basic it's so good
the first episodes up I'm gonna have it
linked below oh my god that's so
exciting
okay compose myself so we're about to
film this week's not this week's video
I'm not sure when this is going up or
about to film a video and Ashley has no
idea what it is she's excited are you
excited yeah I'm super excited yay so a
battery died switched cameras but I
surprised ash with the video that we're
filming today we're handcuffs for 24
straight hours and I haven't unboxing to
do so I'm one oh yeah you go to any come
closer yeah scissor oh we don't really
use scissors in my unboxing they know
hey guys what is up with my head your
head yeah weird there you go
got some unboxings to do because we got
some I'm actually I'm so freaking
excited for this person on the first one
it's from a low yoga hardison me stop so
a low there amazing I buy so much stuff
from them and they asked if I wanted to
pick out some stuff they send all my
brain stuff gave you this yeah they gave
me all this I know I meant we go to
class yesterday
uh-uh no oh in general I don't really
use it to work out I just use it's like
so we have a car oh my gosh you I have
this and I wear all the time
Oh oh my god we love oh my god oh my god
do you know the black the black ones I
have maybe their peen that's cute that's
super cute
that's so Tanya like high-waisted you
have your hand on my leg it's been a
weird it's like kind of I mean like
around family so yeah they look like
this you guys have probably seen them
like all over but they have like the
Moto ripped look to it and then I love
that color
this short they're sure I've been loving
the light once and feels I'm very like
thick we love it we love yeah I'm very
interested I need these somewhere I love
I think these are new they're so
cute so I got gray then okay okay so we
have more leggings and they have like a
cool like design on them that's reminds
me of Tron I'm just gonna see some like
Disney and I got wrong like that you're
gonna help me hold on though it's not
too they look like that
oh my god okay this is what I'm like
really excited for it's like a sports
bra like how do you work out but like
think about it like loungewear it like
this is a really cute outfit with like
an open like this jacket over it unzip
so cute or even like this does an outfit
that's really cute too I'm saying I've
also always always always always wanted
to try the white leggings but I feel
like I look like a whale whale do you
want like white leggings or just really
good no I feel like it looks good on
everyone who like wears them so I really
wanted to try them and I got the Moto
ones again because I know I like the
Moto ones
oh that's backwards so these ones look
like this they look just like the pink
ones but they're white they're like
crisp white and then oh my god I got a
lot of these moto ones okay they're
almost there Oh moto but this one this
is extreme high waist I like Jim sure
I love because it's so high waisted and
this is its extreme high waist okay I
feel like I'm gonna look cool now you
know yeah I'm like cool like loungewear
stuff and you just like so cool oh my
God thank you so much allo you did not
have to send me all this I wrote it on a
tip but you really didn't have to but
thank you so much my next box I have is
from NARS that's a lie you'll never need
scissors I feel like every time I think
I need them this is how I always break
my nails yeah okay
oh my gosh oh my god it's their holiday
collection and some lipstick and a
really nice palette all this is
available October 4th so go get you some
what's up there who says that go get you
some there's a youtuber oh my god wait
oh that's cute that is cute they come a
little packet
oh my god oh that's cool Oh cute don't
eat it
I said don't eat it
hi hey my so that's my unboxing thank
you it's so much to NARS yes are my turn
you wanna do your walk you know what you
get I got something from Garnier I was
laughing at ash because she had her hand
on my leg and now it's her turn to do
the unboxing and like I look it down in
my arms just like this like it's so easy
just like don't work out like your arms
people always think in were a couple
we're not helping we're not helping
welcome to Ashley's unboxing where we
use dessert it was nice see what we got
today I love their micellar water I've
ever had ever
it's a big one one two and travel-size
thank you for watching Ashley's unboxing
tune in next time yeah and pitch coffee
cup do we want to use today
how about excessive this one hello
gorgeous we made it to target my all my
arm is hurting so bad yeah I'm so tired
that's what's really going on you think
of it it is harder than I thought
all these 24 hour challengers are
actually so hard but I feel like it
doesn't seem hard at all
cuz it's everyone's like oh you're just
gonna hang out with your sister all day
no yes or at Target I really really
really want Starbucks and coffee because
I need like I need a caffeine yes she
just kidding I usually get like
embarrassed by this stuff so we'll see
how good I do I miss Liam it's okay ours
was so much better guys it is Taylor's
first time trying to talkie
sir my favorite similar to hot cheetos
similar but better in my opinion
they're limey oh I like your mouth like
salivating Oh God so good so dangerous
they taste like taco shells but with
their fork here good morning everyone
what is up happy halloween by the way it
says Halloween also I just want to say
I'm so sorry that the vlogs have just
been all over the place I think this is
combined with the last slog that I had
as I figured it's better than nothing
but things have just been crazy I swear
I looked at my footage and I realized a
week ago it was lost my vlog I
accidentally left my ball camera at
Remy's for probably like five days which
that sucks - yeah that happened but
anyways I'm actually on my way to go
meet her because we are going to meet up
before we record for pretty basic
because we want to go over some things
and yes so also Halloween got a onesie
shop laurdiy yeah he Lauren's onesie
anyway okay so first of all it's so
hungry second of all so Remy and I had
talked about wearing Halloween costumes
to our recording session tape because
it's Halloween and I brought the onesie
but I'm not sure if she's actually
dressing up to go to lunch right now no
idea so
she might be mad at me so if she's not
just up cool I'm not sure if we were
just talking about lunch or dressing up
just for the recording studio so I'm not
wearing my onesie right now and she's
either gonna be pissed at me if she's
wearing one and I'm not or I really
don't know where to find out
oh my god literally like was just saying
I was like I brought a one seats in the
car I was like I'm not sure if he's
everywhere it's a lunch or just to the
recording so I was like awkward sorry to
lunch and a full-on two to nice t-shirt
I started to eat and I was like no cuz
we're I'm starving and I was like dang
it so this is why if you're a youtuber
you need to hang out with other
youtubers because they remind you to
vlog it's great anyways I got the power
plate so we got some eggs chicken
broccoli we are at toast it's great a
new episode of pretty basic went up
today so I'm gonna have that linked
below and then we're going into the
studio and a little bit to record our
new episode and actually put on makeup
today I was like I should like I wasn't
gonna but like we did it so update time
it's currently 303 p.m. and the
recording session actually got canceled
today so that worked out good going to
my car right now hopefully you don't
have a ticket cuz you know why LA is
just crazy and you never know yeah we're
good bless gotta go home I have a phone
call I need to edit I need a pack I
don't really know what we're doing
tonight for Halloween but I know we're
gonna do something I literally don't
know like I feel like I should put
together costume but I probably just
gonna do is like something basic you
know I mean also never wear the onesie
sorry rim please don't hate me
guys I left my vodka hammer in the car
but I just kind of wanted to end the
vlog here we are a basic school girl a
pretty basic school girl
anyways and REM is Cinderella zoom le
mur mur rescue business risky business
right hey remedy bar camera but I joined
in the blog and I may be why are you so
kind of nobody's gonna in the book here
I hope you guys have a fun and safe
Halloween and I'll see you guys
