good morning guys good morning everyone
this is my second cup of coffee so you
know it's gonna be a good day
sometimes I splurge and I'll put creamer
in my coffee okay anyways TK's here we
are currently filming and I'm gonna try
not to spill my coffee on my bed because
white bed not fun cool so we're about to
film and I think it's kind of obvious
what we're about to film I mean I don't
really know if you guys super last fall
I went shopping with Nicki and then I
was thinking I was like I should do a
haul and I was gonna do one for my blog
channel but then I thought about it and
I look II really miss halls on at
people's main channels so that's what
we're gonna do yeah and actually like
wasn't planning on this but I actually
bought like a good amount of stuff
khlomoney hi yeah oh my god also wait
did you see me tweet oh yeah so funny I
forget who I saw do it but it's on my
Twitter and it was this thread of saying
my dog's name is blank and I call them
blink blink blink blink blink but the
fact that like there's 20 things that
you call your dog that's not its actual
name so I put my dog's name is Chloe
we call her Chloe may khlomoney cloak no
peanut monkey babes bib is panda panda
bear little ho I feel like I never say
it on camera if I always colored little
ho cuz she's like when she she'll bark
at someone but then while she's doing it
she'll like stretch on their leg and I'm
just like okay we see you she's a little
ho but she knows that like she knows it
anyways lets them
I'm currently filming and I think he is
gonna be really excited comment below
your favorite stores that you shop at
don't judge we love okay guys if you've
been following me on my socials and all
that fun stuff you have definitely seen
hash tag pretty basic out there all I'm
gonna say is that there's gonna be a
huge announcement this Wednesday if
you're watching this it's October 24th
something bigs coming and I'm really
really really excited filming is done it
went really well I was actually telling
Taylor how the happier music video like
I tweeted out litter I was sobbing and I
was doing my makeup while I was doing it
so so like it's rambling it's so sad but
you have to watch it as a cry no you
have to watch it I'll wait til the end
I'm emotional not even on my period
anymore I'm sobbing I've already seen it
I'm pulling a graveyard girl this is the
best life hack I've ever used in my life
by the way literally the saddest thing
ever I think I'm just hormonal low-key
it's my mom watch that she would be
sobbing right now I just cry anything
like the words I need a little raise
your spirits it means I have to leave
okay I love how this was gonna be
getting your reaction and then I create
anything that I will say but if it's
dogs Oh meow we're getting food so
excited oh I haven't been to lemonade in
so long oh my gosh
lemonade always reminds me of LA lunch
cafeteria sick school I'll take that and
I'll take that yeah we're going get
other thing
examine it worker everywhere
the soba noodles who loves you further
on mo right here where the
okay I literally got so much freaking
food I got hold on I got so much I
haven't got a cookie cookie mom
oh my god is it my finger my thumb I'm
icing muck oh there's like poured in her
weight his head video he said both like
he even corrected me yesterday mother
won and I was like I think there's
different ways to say it we're gonna
show Bow Wow okay ready we are about to
do a taste test of this amazing cookie
I've never had oh my god
every time I come here it looks so good
oh I've never got something at least
should be healthy I was like oh look it
look it look it
that might be one of the best cookies
I've ever had oh my gosh oh my gosh it's
because the chocolate chips are massive
cookies it's very important Wow mimin it
wow so good so Ashton are currently
filming a video for her channel and I
think it's really funny we're doing a
Halloween costume video challenge right
now
you guys probably like Alicia you were
changing so many times in this video but
that's why we changed again we should
have done it where we both didn't see
each other's like now she knows what my
level is you know they mean look I think
she is more like an animal or like a
character something like not so much
like like how I'm like a profession I
feel like she's like a thing you know
oh my god nervous every time I close my
eyes or something like this I get
nervous I don't know why like I don't
need to be nervous
oh we have heels she's in heels I
thought they're my heels
wait when can I look oh yeah are they my
heels oh my gosh Kia thank you hi I'm
stressful look good sweaty scrunchies
thank you we got the good glow of how
this whole bloggers just meat eating hey
guys what's up as you can probably guess
I forgot to end the vlog in this vlog
and it's so behind I'm so sorry but it
really is just because everything was
pretty basic so thank you everyone who's
been loving it I'm gonna have link in
the description box but thank you so
much and thanks for watching swag and
I'll have a new one up super soon I
promise okay
