hi what's up what's hanging more
scoochie guys I have to be quick cuz i'm
about to freeze to death but a few hours
ago
i told my boyfriend Morgan that I was
going home on a two-hour train journey
because they left let me go home that
was super bored and I had to go get it
and they told him that I just stay home
the night and come back in the morning
so I've left all of my things I left the
house I went out of the gate and now I'm
back thank you so much for sponsoring
this video and giving me something to
play with while I've been waiting to
break into the house I wanted to tell
you guys what I've been doing for the
two hours I've been waiting outside and
it's an awesome game I've talked about
literally so many times on my channel
already called best fiends
best fiends is a free puzzle adventure
game where you collect cute fiends and
match same colored objects to defeat the
slugs no need to choose between
trick-or-treat this Halloween you can
get both by playing best fiends and get
some awesome in-game reward download the
app best fiends it's like best friends
but without the are download the game
for free using my link below to get five
dollars worth of gold and diamonds on
the game for free let's go in the house
because I feel like I'm gonna get
hypothermia and die he's distracted
right now in that room down there
filming a video as his mom and I reckon
I've got about a 20 minute period to
break in I literally left in my slippers
last time I left without shoes on I
don't know how we didn't notice that
nasty jail is in honor she lives next
door in that house now she doesn't live
with him in this house so that's
probably not gonna be much use but she
texts me when they started filming like
an hour ago they're probably about
finished now I need to figure out where
they are so I can let myself in she said
that she's left me a key on the ground
oh my god oh my god
oh my god they're gonna see this
she said chefs accountant Matt um I see
a key under there check the other side
what the hell oh my gosh she's still got
the key to my heart
dude always look you have to find
another way in I don't actually know the
house well enough yet to know if there's
novel yet the lights keep coming on a
cake Oh Jack's in there Jack's Morgan's
manager okay let's go Jack
let me please let me in Shh you're gonna
have to open the window that's the key
just open the window
I can't go in it you have to press the
button in you press it and then push out
at any time
I am a confucian like you have to push
it up come on Jack you know okay take
tried number two come on Jack you can do
it you do it job you can do it it's not
gonna break that failed I need to find a
new way in I'm kind of freaking out
right now
can I come back this way the lights get
on yeah you do need to get me loads of
subscribers Jim I can't compare this
front door because the front door beep
when you see the end before Morgan
finishes filming
she's done it manager hi
yeah I'm just Mennonite here again okay
you're here all the time yeah but you
think I've gone alright don't have some
respect by I might want to add that
earlier today I had a conversation with
Morgan and I may have convinced him that
his new house was built on a graveyard
and is haunted young Morgan I was just
googling now they are I heard something
upstairs in my room nice feeling really
like weird about it
I felt like I like it was so weird I
felt like there was someone behind me
like in years and one and so I just I
was I kind of just interested on like
the history and everything so I do
caught up it turns out like this road
used to be like a massive like graveyard
and you're that big scary building next
door
actually used to be like the church but
yeah but like 400 years ago people used
to get executed here dude people were
literally like you literally be starting
us on this day 40 right now that's
probably what God destroy anything is
just the heat and the corpse is rising
up and possessing your soul look at her
it's like really bad you know that all
the people that moved out here what they
were ghosts no because they thought it
was haunted but old people used to live
in here
they moves out and told it because
before it was all dead the only good
feels like a month I saw the house is so
like clean
I have my snaps it's good I should
probably go and see if he's seen of his
was my pasta it's just gone I don't know
where is a stir Morgan it's really nice
that Morgan I said fonox actually no
this time my rooms through there it's
basically like an apartment but in a
house it's insane okay if you ate all of
it tonight when I look for so much sleep
how are they cleaned myself today
everyone's downstairs they're not gonna
go to bed till quite late I don't think
so
I'd like to think I'm safe to have a
bath storytime see this like gaping hole
in my fingers yeah must be so far
threatened me Promotions oh it was just
kind of having like the seizure and
chopped my finger up
it also chopped up movements thought and
he has just like a chunk out this bar
and two bars has been filled with water
ever since yesterday when it took my
finger because me and Morgan were both
too scared to go back down to the club
and let her out by some miracle
I feel like jail might have come let
loser up maybe Morgan does a community
event often see he might not have
noticed so if I have a bath he's not
gonna know any different and at least I
mean if he does come in then I can just
stop on the water
nothing wrong with my life's I didn't
even take a little fish chamber that was
just videos very aesthetically pleasing
person I mind anyway
the trucks going crazy oh my god you so
ready to like comment and let the ones
around probably wear out my leg but then
just right on time we probably treated
nothing where sauce they see during
going crazy I know what the 2012 is
doing wrong if you touch that kind of
acid for me document but I want to die
anyway so I mean who stinks in it if you
just put I don't know how on earth you
didn't just see me but it's time to step
this up her level guys I'm going to put
full force of this wanted thing I was
literally make him feel like there were
demon following him around the house and
stealing his food I make him feel like
he's going crazy
that's a nice girlfriend I love me good
wouldn't you buy that's good guys I just
realized that my laptop was on the
spider player and my clothes welcome to
my humble abode
this is my new room sat bathroom and I
guess that you may be taking your spider
okay that's not a spider but that is
kind of wanna call Morgan to squish it
but I'll kind of ranch are also kind of
a spider know Carol is fit past it I
guess lastly I'll show you my bathroom
this is where I pee but not really
whatever we have here this is mine this
is where I pee this is the ceiling very
nice shower so I have never once uses
shower or peed on this toilet because in
the daytime these windows are completely
see-through and a lot of the neighbors
can see your situation this is my mirror
and this is my tour where I keep my
toilet paper I'm missing this is my
favorite feature probably the whole
house and it stopped working and this is
the room here is my pile because even
though I have a full-on
empty walk-in wardrobe I still prefer
poodles I'm living out of my suitcase
this was my very expensive bean baggages
purchased and having a great time being
on her and this is my very special
little
it looks like a rock this is my cactus
collection I don't know I just love this
room so much I was thinking of maybe
having like a little TV yeah yeah did
the lights have them like a timer or if
you been in the house tonight Gary lives
of their own and i 100% turn them all
off to go to bed yeah I mean it's
probably nothing but kind of creepy
isn't it what one related but Kara told
me earlier the house was built on a
graveyard I don't know that if it's
haunted a Swagelok I'm good and I'm
moving I can't take this
yeah yeah maybe we should just stay the
night tonight okay okay oh my god
while walking you have come a long way
from saying that you don't believe in
ghosts from earlier places to be I hope
people to see
yeah forget the people part I don't have
friends but I just had a peek I'm
walking this asleep in his bedroom
around there I've decided it's time to
reveal myself before we go in banks the
best fiends for sponsoring this video
make sure you click the link in the
description to download the game play it
while hiding in your boyfriend's house
about him know me use my name to get
photos of free calls over when you sign
up
oh okay yep I know what's going on let
me guess
there's been a time when you have this
rate camera I'm gonna have to stop walk
around my own house naked because 9 out
of 10 days there's somebody filming me I
will not learn more gonna actually have
to leave so goodbye peace out oh good
night sleep tight
bye subscribe to Kiera Bridget
or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
