very attractive as already 17 both gay
marriage hi what's up how's the hanging
or scoochie for the hoodie on awesome
welcome to day don't care immersive
thermos if this isn't gonna work my
skier is very stressed out most of this
needs to be up in a few hours most
disgusting this parrot solo energy is
generally also quite low caffeine this
morning anything getting me through it
now and today I fall that's our video
for youtube channel like I do every
single day let's do that I guess I don't
really know what to say so I guess like
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already YouTube showing this finger
recently where it's like not telling
people when I upload a video every time
make no money and it makes me sad but it
also makes me sad because like you guys
don't get to watch my videos I'm just
assuming you don't have very active
social life so if you're subscribe to me
so if you need a lot of content to keep
you entertained just like the video
leave a comment us get right before I
play a game making here isn't too
thrilled about that
he doesn't want to play this game but
that's fine because I do and what I say
happens we're gonna be playing a game
previously called marry kill I can't say
that I'm gonna be cooling it Frick frack
marry kill and yeah so I tweeted out and
I was like hey guys give me people for a
Frick frack marry kill for me and me
we're going to ask together now I guess
you guys came through only through this
like four minutes ago a proper you know
a lot of people really fast that's one
I'm very optimistic about this I'm not I
hope you feel entertain this is gonna be
really entertaining like 10 out of 10
solid high quality video it's not gonna
be entertaining for the poor people that
I say I have to freight that we're gonna
start off with a bang Jacobs warriors
Justin Bieber or Shrek some
I was married Jacob satorious so we
could you know like reproduce and keep
the little going yeah my didn't me and
Jacobs like I mean I don't really you
know Jacob having a child would just
look like you or Jacob Jacob let's get
married
and then I would kill Shrike some
because I watched the film and didn't
like it
come on me guys I'm actually saying in a
video party so me I ain't going on
subscribe means I would flip who was
either one Justin Bieber
oh wait that's cool what about you or do
you not I mean
um yeah can I drink on your channel what
the hell guys I don't do drinks on my
channel so like I went to drink and what
was like no this isn't your channel I
can't drink on you you can't drink on my
channel it's not like yours
and I was like why is like it's rude to
the fans don't care they don't want me
to die of dehydration well your fans
don't care about you because they want
you to die I would kill James's chorus
because like been there done that I
would freak Justin Bieber just the cloud
will you get more cloud line marry
Justin Bieber doesn't even probably
cheat love sure doesn't mean check in
love me and share cut in love yeah
somebody won Tom okay next one ooh
shaking things up Jake pool Nick
Crompton and is my CD even Martinez I
don't know what one even is never kind
of Spoony so let's take a big person I
was a Mario Nick so that we could have
promised and tea together I would I
think I would probably kill Yvonne
because like if you take one away
there's still one there's no that don't
call me win that that's good logic right
so like yeah if you take away like Jake
you know like you said that Logan oh
yeah yeah yeah okay so that means I
would flip flop Jake Paul this is on the
Internet forever I would kill Nick
because these days
I don't mean I'm gonna kill her because
he's gay
it's not gonna be my like cuz he's not
watching used to my female productive
Hogan's you know what I mean
and we're gonna kill him because he's
gay he's not offense to gay oh my gosh
this game was you know I mean I'm gonna
Frick frack Jake you pull the same
reason is Justin Bieber let me just get
it there for the cut and I'm gonna
probably gonna marry Eva Rachel
so Tammy Mongoose me tea or poker I
probably am Loki I probably I'm probably
married poor girl because I don't want
to flip him but then again I don't want
to kill him because if Pogo goes
laughing stupid life match yeah I'm
saying yeah and then that means that
probably two people that I'm friends of
you either have to hear you over Frick
frack out do you and Hannah have really
similar sub-clans yeah so there would
feed the most like mutual gain from that
it's like Thebes they're an option for
like both not necessarily stop assuming
things surely that's what do you think's
more attractive them yeah I really don't
know I mean the thing is the business
side of me is saying go for the most
more subscribed one so it's like how I
went for you instead of some vessel do
you know what it would be nice to
finally you know Peter King office yeah
yeah like the first time ever so that's
my answer
I think she's worse ability she don't
couldn't you as well more experience
okay moving on who would you did I would
break fact Pogo no oh God Hitler back oh
I don't want to kill a dog I'm married
Pogo it's quite sad but like I'm saying
decision same decision you've got to
flop one of them marry Pogo mili
ant a amongst both have more sub sneak
however well who doesn't have Muslims
than you
me it's hard I'm gonna freak frack
Mongoose because me and many tried to
kiss once as a dare and I just like
couldn't do it because we're just like
too tight so I tricked rack Mongoose and
and I'm have to carry many sorry fish a
dog Oh Morgan Freeman I'm still marrying
Morgan Freeman killing a fish doing the
other thing to a dog my sirens Selena
Gomez Demi Lovato I've never seen Demi
Lovato Zoo if you don't seem Caprock
what's that you serious yeah this is
real is me I'm exactly where I'm
supposed to be now that light shine on
me I don't well the Jonas Brothers the
Jonas for this I only know the Paul
brothers it's not the part yeah okay so
we'll get rid of her I probably I feel
like I probably marry Selena Gomez
because I don't know shake for my sires
I'd marry Miley because she seems quite
loving I freak francelina wait she's had
a kidney transplant can you track after
that whatever a knight or Demi okay
J max PMX okay si oh okay who's it gonna
be who's gonna go Jack Big Jim Rex quite
hence give him that it's a little bit
too little nickel - oh I'll freak first
Jam like someone's no more I'll kill
p.m. I fucked rest of my family killed
cuz I know I won't care sorry the same
reason I want you can't sighs Moses
soaked
I mean America side because you know
that will you you can yeah but like also
you could like live for life on care
site you know I mean II can't make you
love so that your soul is like a lot
less changes over you
I don't want so long how about Caspar
Lee deviling grayson dolan i'm logan
paul i kill custody I would freak frack
I don't know what one of the Dolan twins
it is I don't rinse but they like
somebody else friends they both like the
same person so like but that would be
very attractive
I've already 17 but they look like 30
it's a good thing for like a one time
yeah but not like for a long lasting
okay and then obviously I'm very
Liverpool who are you know not my bro
Anastasia Spencer or call me beefy how
was she anastasiya how was she I would
but is hard they do I would marry
Anastasia go home because she seems
sweet and then I would i trick Frank
Spencer and kill call me even though let
me inside to have V for like a confer
coffee probably like get bad what about
you know let me know where you fall by
that in the like comment section bellow
it was kind of weird subscribe to me
though subscribe to him is enough
already
yeah I mean cool what would I mean by
you
