hi you may be thinking Cara why are you
whispering that's because it's Who I am
you may also be thinking again dear why
are you talking it's 4 a.m. go to sleep
and stop being you back and well I
regret to inform you that my 7 a.m. to 3
p.m. sleeping schedule has not been
fixed which is a problem because I need
to leave my house at 7 a.m.
there's bad sleeping patterns and then
there's this I don't how I messed up
this badly but I did but back to the
original question Kyra why you fell
being up for Hannah I'm gonna get right
into that but before that I'm gonna show
you something else
so I'm dubbing someone just see someone
however is for him I'm leaving at 7 I
haven't packed is it for you I don't
even know let me go on it I'm actually
leaving 3 hours so there is no point in
you going to sleep I haven't packed
anything my case is down there yeah
empty
I've had all day to do it yeah how they
actually take they had a week to do this
because I've been planning this all week
yeah I have you know what hi I'm Kyra I
don't know what I'm doing with my life I
messed up I messed up real good so I
thought boy I'm gonna take you on my
packing process before I continue with
today's adventure and tell you why I'm
doing because it's it's kind of crazy
and cute really cute you're gonna like
it
I have made business I have a lot of
tampons more than I know what to do with
and they wouldn't be fit inside of this
zoella calendar tampon pouch like I
judge they would so this has been deemed
useless but I have that many because one
day I left my house and I realized oh
boy I don't have any sanitary products
on me and I am on my bleed this is so T
my like I hate will he mother's stuff so
I found someone and I thought ok I'll
buy something I'll get this
I picked up this these are the kind I
like these are the really long weird
ones like you must have a wide-set
vagina to need these no offense your
vagina's I like this kind you know just
like the tiny little ones no hassle we
just I would feel bad like farini's away
like a whole box bearing mine have this
in public because partly like I keep
seeing videos on Twitter of like close
people would have like no template so it
makes me really sad so I feel I have to
do that if
I don't want them so I'm like keeping
them so if you want to end on my tampon
giveaway please subscribe I don't need
all of those applicators so I'm gonna
currently pack my makeup thing because I
mean I'm quite hideous I need it right
now I know it sounds really weird but
I'm a full-grown adult in 11 months let
that thinking like I can legally pretty
much do anything in 11 months isn't that
terrifying I look 14 and they act 14 you
should have to complete some kind of IQ
test before you're allowed to turn it in
anyway I'm getting off topic this is
only I shove I ever wear this one orange
shade in here I always have to end up
like carrying this whole big thing with
me just this one color so I think I
should attempted Bereza I can't let's do
it then if I remove it why don't I put
it this is just about okay let's not be
extra today why am i packing my makeup
and have you been done my makeup lit
date I'm so stupid
put me down like a dog but like an old
sick dog not like a puppy jeez I'd be
sad
dropped out right before I graduate I
don't think it's worth bringing this
with me because there's only that much
left of it another camera focuses
actually gonna bring this frizzies hair
thing because if you didn't know if I
had an incredibly pushing Carly yes got
mad I'm also bringing some things for
applications this is legendary this
brush I really like that I attached a I
broke thing yet because like I don't
have much space in there it's not that
great eyebrow pencil the Rimmel good for
quickies if you know what I mean I bring
in my favorite more second favorite
candy Kylie lip pencil in the shade
ginger I'm not gonna need lipstick my
favorite mascara for the top my favorite
mascara for the bottom you may think
Carol I saw what it feels like this back
like half side of my head you can zip up
pierce attested Harry we almost did it
update to the vlog and I'm almost packed
not quite that's gonna be a problem but
you know I'm getting that it is 631 my
train isn't exactly an hour which means
I need to leave in like 45 minutes
current mood stressed out I want to
fight someone I don't know how I'm I'm
just really stressed I just want to like
take a nap or something I don't know how
to save me all right Pete here oh my
gosh best out of my life
BRB do you ever find like something that
you thought you lost and then find it
again and then get really happy tired
you'll be playing me and the morgue we
are going what I'm here actually I
didn't really explain what happened in
between
she wouldn't surprise me happy yeah yeah
no I'm really tired okay I haven't slept
in like 30 hours now so I want to die
okay - same video but it's like how many
days later I think - oh my god extracted
so for two days yesterday that doesn't
happen in December I think we should
have it but it's 15 days of care half
that again seven and a half days yeah
how about we just do two days of care in
December let's aim for two days of
camera one video on like the 25th and
one on like the first or just a video on
the first and the second and there no
more anyway
what's up um it's it's two days later
I'm here I'm in the morgue script with
ryan toysreview
I mean walks yeah my channel in a while
no I haven't I've been away doing toy
reviews and stuff yeah some of those are
family-friendly PG clean - you know - on
the side but with Kira you know it's
kind of not going on book here we've got
like a we got some like it over there
and stuff so you know I'm always in the
sale for my toy reviews yeah you're
wondering what we're wearing
well wonder no more kids the match that
it's mine and you can buy it right here
it's only available till Christmas this
edition you guys are buying in a lot in
December I suppose you like one where
it's like Christmas dinner or something
and have to explain what the weird words
means your family that's kind of funny
you should do that because if ever
uploading I'm not going
much money two days of care will make
like 100 pound I need to get rich
girlfriend so you guys can actually buy
it's about like leave a MV of since you
can be me it's about your personally my
manner hey Kara you know how you just
plugged your minute yeah I'm about to
plug my merch it's how this side a
that's my joke oh yeah another thing I
made a passing joke in one of my videos
recently and I said how the iconic
yellow push-up bra will make boys cheat
on you and so everyone thought that you
did something so I saw on comment no I
did that Jacob Satori is looking at she
on her ok well it's just when me and you
know the Bridget spinners developed a
strong relationship Kerry goes and says
I changed she and I go so you know I
didn't mean it like and I'll leave funds
hate me again so I didn't she guys I was
just playing with LEGOs
I'm the wool the wool videos on my
channel soon it's a I didn't cheat yeah
I guess I already have much to say apart
from I haven't really done anything yeah
we just kind of Netflix and chill oh we
went out wise to the same restaurant in
two days
hmm we went to the exact same restaurant
twice in two days and got the exact same
food weird that's mad it kind of is
actually we're surrounded by so many
restaurants which is the same one twice
in two days it was really good though
yeah well really good let's go get today
make it hot change yeah I don't know how
you're gonna feel about this I don't
really think you care because generally
you don't really care what happens to me
we're gonna be here for a while
mostly because can't really be bothered
to go home mostly because your room is
just more attractive
mindful a true you know you've got like
cool lights and stuff you can change of
your phone sure I do have some cool eyes
which you can't change where the other
one yeah you'll hear as well yeah you're
right I'm great I like you a little bit
that's why I'm going to be here I don't
really know what else to say because I
live a very underwhelming life I think
people would have thought my life was a
bit more exciting oh you didn't mean it
was the person's eyes what is the other
one said how like depressing am I ever
to be around only about 7 no seriously
how depressing you to be around
God well I mean nice you can wear my
sweater out of this Saturday at Zoe Zoe
yo you don't tease bring calm Sasha -
Sasha Kira - Bridget / door / Kara's
like Bridget so you've got teespring
calm / thought / keyring bridges kara /
bridges could you say that bad word okay
you
