hi what's up what's get you in the hood
how's it hanging so today I'm gonna be
doing a type of video that you guys seem
to really like it when I do I don't
really know why it's really weird it's
not the kind of video that I'd think I
want to watch that but that's mainly
because I hate myself I don't know I've
been having a lot of self-esteem issues
recently I don't know I guess it could
be interesting to some of you I mean
yeah my videos are so interesting over
so myself I don't know I guess I feel
kind of weird about this but I'm also
excited about this um I mean whatever
sure cool I have been through a lot of
phases and I mean like a lot of phases
like boy I have been through every faith
in Mashable I've been through the whole
phase I've been through like the cash me
out side girl phase I've been through
the emo phase I've been through like the
semi emo phase but not trying to be an
emo trying to convince people that I'm
not an emo but I'm really actually an
emo and quite dark on the inside phase
I've been through they're trying to be
funny on the internet phase and funnily
enough interested in that I have been
through every phase imaginable like
usually people pick one phase go through
it and then just like find themselves
and become a normal person I had a
harder time doing that than most people
I went through literally everyone I have
been every type of person I have had
literally every personality imaginable
and it's just weird mostly I think
that's because I have for some reason I
don't know why I'm very indecisive and I
had a very hard time finding myself
still haven't so I thought why not just
try out everything and try and fit in
and then when it don't fit in just move
along and I was thinking back to like my
school days and I realized boy I went
through a lot of friends like I went
through a lot of friendship groups I had
a lot of different friends I know
everyone not because I'm like a popular
socialite but because I literally went
through every friendship group trying to
find someone I liked enough to settle
down with
if you won't know the results of that
experiment was you know find anyone kind
of have no friends I mean you could be
my friends if you hit that subscribe
button down below
fulfill my childhood dream of feeling
wanted by someone and society and I had
so many different like groups of friends
because I went through so many different
groups of people trying to find like the
social scene that I fit into and I could
never find one I just like slowly start
hating the people I was friends with
until I couldn't take it anymore and
jump to someone else and then those
people hated me because I like betrayed
them I don't know
so pretty much only dead people use
Facebook in 20 what's the 2017 so don't
judge me but I was on Facebook I was I'm
looking for something from ages ago and
I came across these selfies I took in
late 2013 when I was going for my cafes
and if you're like from American land
you don't know which have is it's
basically they catch me outside girl but
with a South London accent so in my
action but like what I don't know just
google it but I never like reached peak
chav because I was like trying and that
was like one of my phases so I was just
kind of a failed attempt so today I
thought why not go back to that horrible
time when I was having identity problems
even though I still AM so it's not gonna
make that much difference and try and
recreate my old look one of my many many
many old looks I could make a lot of
these videos and while I do that before
I'd share some stories with you because
I haven't told a story in a while and
you can sit back and try not to judge me
too much I promise I'm trying but if you
haven't already hit that subscribe
button down below
just use your trackpad or your finger or
your whatever you're using and just like
press it and then it fulfils me because
I'm still not fulfilled or content with
who I am
give this video thumbs up if you want to
see more of my weird phases that I went
through and you think that I should have
been what's the word aborted as a fetus
that's the 131 days of care is coming up
which is way too much me I shove in my
last video that if you leave an idea
below the video that you want me to do
for 31 days of carry you could be
entered to win a merch giveaway where
you can win my merch so do that leave
your outs and go follow me on all my
social media so I can make check it and
then I'll pick a winner at some point in
December and and sell it to you and then
you can have it for Christmas and they
give it to a friend because you're like
poor or something I don't know I don't
have a life I'm gonna make any
assumptions we have these Christmas
variations available as well in red and
green so you can wear it to a family
dinner and have to explain what the hell
those words mean thanks to this person
for buying my March yeah I guess you
came here to watch a video so
and we get into that I'm gonna be
creating the collection of like these
pictures so I'm not going to be really
creating like one I'm just gonna be
recreating like the general look I was
going for because I never really like
did the same thing every day I just kind
of had like it a couple of things wrong
with me mentally hmm
cleaning my face real quick so I'm not
like cheating or whatever I don't know
can I cheat I mean most of youtubers
like fake so like this is real this is
me I'm really ugly that's a sight okay
so where do I start I wanted to make
this video for a really long time but I
didn't really know where to start with
that because I never really like
actually wore much makeup apart from
what I realized that yeah yeah I tried I
didn't wear makeup like outside but I
wore it and then like took a selfie and
post it onto Facebook to my 13 friends
got like lit when it got more than five
likes and then took off I didn't really
know what foundation was at that point I
didn't really like own anything like
that but I always used to steal my mum's
BB cream which is basically just a
moisturizer that's slightly colored and
doesn't really do anything by always
used to steal it and just get really
angry at me about it but she still wears
the same one to this day and they still
steal it because I stopped wearing like
heavy makeup because it just ruins my
skin and um I don't think beauty
blenders existed back then and even if
they did I was poor so I would use my
hands yeah this feels really high genic
but the phase of this is because it's
like mostly your moisturizer it's like
pretty oil-based so it makes your face
kind of just look like someone's licked
you after eating chocolate so it's like
moist we're slightly stained um not
really achieving anything here oh you
bet it was in my eyebrows oh yay I'm so
young like if you think about it I've
just 10:17 but I've been through every
stage imaginable and I find that so
weird because I don't even look my age
like I look like a 14 year old boy like
this looks horrific and it's got like
hand marks in it and you can just still
see everything if this wasn't effective
at all if there's you've gotten to the
point in my life I don't even understand
makeup like if you're gonna be crusty if
you look crusty just embrace it someone
else crusty will love you and you can
live happily crush Lily after crust
early ever off have low standards and
you can't be disappointed as you can see
with concealer I weren't very
Leon it hmm but I didn't like the whole
triangle thing wasn't in back then so I
would literally just and to make it
worse I used to use those more like
crayon like cheap stick instead of like
liquid ones so it just it just looked
like like my under eye area just look
like dry bread would I tap no would I it
was more of like it although I know it's
really bad for you I still kind of do
this because I'm really impatient I went
through this like phase while I was
going through like my little miniature
chaps phase ways to try and fight people
which is really weird because I've only
like punch like one person ever I know
it's like one more than the average
person this when I like had no subs I
made a storytime about it and I think I
should retell it cuz honestly that was
an iconic video the way I just
instinctively did that
no Kyra we're back in 2013 people didn't
do that then okay well people did you
didn't skills and I remember like there
was just like one particular girl and I
used to be friends of her for a while
but she was like you known to be like
the school weirdo not because she was
like weird like nerdy but just because
she was just like there was nothing in
there and she always used to like leave
school like half an hour early and
everyone had their theories as to why
and I think apparently was because like
someone tried to beat her up on the bus
one time so she had to get like the
earlier bus so she wouldn't get like
jumped or something and the school
agreed to it I don't know it was like 12
here and they used to be friends of her
and I can't remember why this is how
irrelevant it was one time I don't know
I feel like we beefed or something and
she like tried to punch me or something
like that she like wound me up I used to
have like severe anger pop I got them
under control I think it inherited it
from my mom or something like that I
don't know I went crazy on her I tried
to attack her like and she lived near me
she was just one of those friends I had
because she lived near me I didn't have
that many friends at school so I made
friends of people that lived near me and
I don't live in a great place so I'll
let the quality of people speak for
itself
she kept trying to fight me so I kind of
lost it and I tried to fight her back
and then I was trans these two voices
higher like you know it's not worth it
and one of them dropped off that bike
and like helped me back was a Kiera
don't fight oh come on
her mom's a crazy bitch you'll come out
and she'll kill you I was like yeah true
so then it got really bad and this girl
was like so concerned
safety that someone like called my mom
was like Ichiro's on one that she lost
it this got pushed shutter edge I didn't
do anything
this girl just like she was just known
for being late wax like out of there and
she flipped on me and she just tried to
find teachers tried to find me I can
take a law like when people push me I
get personal and I start like for
impersonal shade of them and I guess bad
or I like try fighting them but I don't
tend to do that anymore I stopped doing
that when I was like 12 and it's really
bad my mom had to come and late only to
not do it but she also said good for
sticking up for yourself Kara really
crazy bitch not allowed to be friends of
her anymore it just brings that bad side
in you see yeah that's not I used to
fight people so I had a bit of a mascara
problem where it would just kind of be
like this I can't even say I'll just
demonstrate three hours later what I
clean that up no I wouldn't
eyebrows would I do anything to them no
they just stayed like this but worse
oh and boy you bet I tried to make my
lips lighter than my natural skin color
so I'm gonna be using this ugly Kylie
lip gloss I'm still really angry about
this they sent me this lip gloss is like
a free sample I for lipsticks and get
like your free lip gloss all the time I
spent way too much money on lipstick and
I don't know why I never got to choose
the shade of lipstick like the shade of
lip gloss I got for free it's like the
perk but no matter what color your skin
is I really can't imagine this being
flattering
absolutely anyone mainly because it
looks like this okay now whip out a few
of these bad boys and well I hate this
so much I Club me if I do this I'd grab
this I can't believe I'm doing this
I call you a fool this was cute low-key
though this was like a thing so I'm not
too mad at myself but yeah like this was
a look
I was glowing sister I mean this is
hideous I should have been euthanized so
now what I'm gonna try and do is I'm
gonna try and recreate some selfies
Wow oh my gosh I can't believe my mother
let me walk around the house like this
you didn't let me go outside like if I
call they she even like let me exist
like this I just opened it snapped out
four million her nipples out if you
don't know I made another video like
this way recreated my makeup when I was
going for my home phase you guys really
like that don't really know why so you
should go and watch it click subscribe
as well while you're clicking it
that's linked in description make sure
you cop some of my Christmas dish much
while you can before it starts out I
love plugging like don't it's really try
ring subscribe my channel live this
video like and I don't know and if
you're 12 just some advice you don't go
through this phase is it's not worth it
unless you want to capitalize off it
later
okay goodbye
