ABB's two cups per shot bro how crazy
this is crazy this is wild hi what's up
what's due to you in the hood how's it
hanging oh if I seem a little bit off in
this video that is because my sleeping
pattern got so bad they yesterday I woke
up at 3 p.m. so last night I couldn't
sleep and it's currently 9 a.m.
exactly I'm still not asleep so I've
already been awake for 18 hours and I
feel like I'm gonna throw up because
I've taken in so much caffeine
so I'm actually productive so you know
if I suddenly have an outfit change or
this video just isn't uploaded it's
because I threw up everywhere ok cool
glad we got that one out of the way also
secondly I don't know what's not for the
lighting because I don't even I don't
ever remember a day when I was up this
early I don't think I've ever filmed a
video like before 12 a.m. so I don't
know what it's like to have natural
daylight I didn't know how to adjust a
natural daylight so I've literally just
closed my blinds and blacked out my
bedroom so I can pretend at that time if
you're new you probably didn't get a
great first impression hi I'm here I
don't have my life together today's
video is gonna be a really cool video I
got blessed of the opportunity to do
something really damp like next-level on
another planet dank for you guys I think
you're gonna appreciate it YouTube hates
me so I don't know why I've got this
opportunity but I love YouTube thank you
very much for feeding me we're about to
hit 31 days of Kira all throughout
December that's way too much me way too
much and I'm nervous so I thought what
better way to start off 31 days of
December just to break you in slowly at
the end of November before we go full
you know abusing you with the upload
button let's just do a festive Christmas
introductory video nothing too harsh for
them revolutionary it's just gonna be
really done so yeah I should probably
stop talking um let's let's get started
you're not going to believe it but
YouTube has come out with their
first-ever advent calendar
I think they saw how popular and how
controversial is Olo one was today for
boy
let's one-up that let's do one ourselves
as a youtuber they sent me one to review
for you guys how crazy I feel really
blessed I'd just like to thank Suzanne
Washakie it means a lot it's such a
great opportunity I am finally glad that
I'm being recognized by YouTube and that
my channel is verified so yeah I'm gonna
show you the box now I'm really excited
can't wait to get into the festive
spirit here it is oh my god it's so
pretty
oh I'm moist daddy daddy kind of hollow
for we get into the box let's just
review it real quick now as you can see
is made from 100% recycled paper
I heard they took the paper from MIT
Zarrella calendars and recycled them put
the logo on here it's really great as
you can see it is a hundred percent
handcrafted and done with what looks and
am I gonna get high what looks and
smells like sharpies someone didn't
quite finish the job here as you can see
let's just swatch that for you but you
know that's fine don't want to waste the
sharpies a malnourished kid in Africa
could've ate that this is a hundred
percent vegan so you can eat it if
you're stupid get it cuz vegans are
stupid it is been reduced down from 50
pounds to 25 pounds which I think's
quite a bargain considering the sheer
amount of brilliant handcrafted goods
you get in here I can really ask for
much more has a lot of doors not much
behind numbers still a lot of doors
thank you youtube very impressed okay so
let's get into the actual calendar and
take a look at what's inside so it's
open up day one oh my god this is a
authentic YouTube 100k plaque so
essentially they're starting off with a
bang you get a hundred thousand
subscribers for free in this advent
calendar for just twenty-five pounds you
get one hundred thousand subscribers for
a channel of your choice and a plaque to
go with it wowser like literally all you
have to news by the advent calendar and
automatically you get a hundred thousand
subscribe like water bargain that's
really great
gonna hang that on my wall I think that
was really high-quality I think that was
such a great gift for day one just
starting off with a bang
you never disappointed often when you
can monitor the videos you know
something wrong with them huh now we're
gonna open up day number two are we good
some money some pennies how do I not get
this I know this is this is my ad
revenue from last month yeah it seems
about right
oh my god facts YouTube's giving me an
advance that means a lot yeah this this
looks like the right amount to be fair
you know D monetization really happy
about that
great can't wait to pay my taxes so next
we're gonna open up day number three
what's this oh my god wow this is a big
gift TARDIS
it's maverick match wowza why go to
Logan Porter come to a shop when you
could just get it for free you know 25
pound youtube app that color this is
crazy this is wild look at YouTube
pushing Logan Paul at every opportunity
they can get and literally no one else
it means a lot that I have this great
item of clothing I'm not even mad Logan
so hot okay
you are my hero day for good just take
out that oh my god a youtube subscriber
oh my gosh you know this is really great
I get what YouTube's trying to stay here
like put this in your backdrop just some
nice subliminal messaging if you're
underage impressionable fans like get
them to subscribe so they stay on our
website make it lots of money so I
liminal advertising is what's in
nowadays it's what the kids are down
with it's what we're all down with I
think this is really great I think it
would be a great tool to grow my channel
while you're at it hit a subscribe
button down below and subscribe to my
channel if you haven't fallen in love
with my plasma as he already you
probably never will but it's fine I
don't think anyone else has I think
they're all just pity subscribers but
you can do that go in the movement yeah
yeah oh my gosh stay number five what's
this oh my gosh do you get your very own
censored sign probably just remind us
that freedom of speech isn't okay
anymore unless you want to be poor
that's really great thank you so much
just reminding me to not say any bad
words or anything that could be deemed
not advertiser friendly because I want
to be able to feed my five children it
genuinely really means a lot to me I
love basic human right
day number six oh my god that I love
that they're really good to get out as
well I think it really adds as a
convenience at the admin come with him
Thank You YouTube thank you for this
brilliant add two cups per shot bra this
is really great you really know how to
help me get fused everyone knows boobs
is a quickest easiest most effective way
to get views and subs and money and a
boyfriend who's gonna cheat on you
yeah we test oh my gosh Wow let's just
see the watch time for this video saw
thanks YouTube for this good thing I
haven't taken my phone now yeah really
genuinely appreciative this so in that
box so far you get 100,000 subscribers
you get a free views you get a lot of
interesting tools to help grow your
channel promote Logan Paul I think this
is a great investment Wow and the next
day of the calendar you know you go
what's this oh my gosh is that my March
tends to be shocked Wow
is this cinema edition skirt skirt pink
hoodie that I love firstly and insisted
edition inside outside just wore oh my
gosh it was so embarrassing dad in nude
because nude is like the color right now
the kids are wearing t-shirt it is oh my
god you can literally buy this right
here right now this is only available to
Christmas it's limited edition but so
many of you like Kyra really wanted for
Christmas please give it to Christmas
and I was like the Kay fan but after
Christmas this is gone forever and this
is the best much ever buy it I think
it's great and it comes in the YouTube
advent calendar buy yours today
they don't exist and if you want to win
some merge because I'm doing a
competition right now for 31 days of
Kira that means I need 31 fresh ideas so
if you have the dankest freshest idea
leave it in the comments right now along
with your apps go follow me on all of my
social media and you could be in for a
chance to win some merch for Christmas
for you or power you are too broke to
buy a present for literally me and
everyone I know just leave a comment go
follow me on all my social media
themes Christmas was cut short this year
I don't know yeah by year that just
seems to be less and less days on these
idling calendars so for some reason
there's only 7 days of Christmas this
year you know that's fine because I
think we got some really high-quality
great gifts you can share your family
and loved ones and it's just gonna be
all around a great ested season Thank
You Tube for sending me your first ever
advent calendar I feel truly blessed
just some constructive criticism maybe
like you know you can maybe aim for I
don't know I don't know what to say
about this okay have a great day
subscriber challenge we have them sort
of guys already living in D for ten
years of good luck and leave a like okay
good night this is weird it's daytime
and I'm filming video at daytime never
done that before so I have no idea what
to do with my lighting why is the light
here what I've never seen this oh my god
I'm awake before 5 p.m. porn I don't
know what to do let's make it nighttime
in here doing anything stressing out
you
