what's the beef I what's up cloudy
Bridget here bringing you your daily
dose of clout oh my god before I get
into this video these are the most
beautiful things I have ever tried in my
whole life I am obsessed with them I
found myself sleeping with them I went
to sleep I was in bed last night like
this just thinking about money and I was
asleep with these on it's like a
security blanket I promise this isn't
sponsored I wish it was I would let them
sponsor me for free which is essentially
what this is but you should get them on
the subject of that I have a 21 buttons
page where you can shop the things I
wear you should follow me that I can't
cool by in addition to that I woke up a
3 p.m. today bit of a problem but I'm
not lazy because I did get the same
amount of sleep as a regular person
because I didn't go to bed until like 7
a.m. it's that justifiable I don't know
so then I woke up I procrastinators for
about 10 hours and I was like Kari
you're a daily uploaded you're a daily
vlogger I'm not you can't miss your
upload today so I procrastinated forever
and this is being filmed about two
seconds before it get goes up so if I'm
talking really fast that's why okay
before I get into it I also don't notice
enough I know all the comments gonna be
cured you actually wear anything else
the answer is no this is the best merch
in the game and it's only gonna be
available until Christmas that is when
the limited edition cutoff is and so
many of you here today shout outs by the
way so many of you have bought the merch
and said that you like really liked it a
lot and it makes me feel really win so
other people like things that I did
because I'm generally not good at being
likeable or doing things so that makes
me really happy
Kopp it while you can I live in this now
I'm a mess
someone euthanized me I also don't do
this enough but basically I have three
different social medias I have Instagram
I have Twitter and I have snapchat and
you can go in for me all of them but
mostly Instagram I'm nearly about to hit
a hundred thousand people in surround
which is really weird I feel like I've
had like 21,000 followers and instagrams
forever I just got stuck in that phase
and then I got more followers it's
really weird like I go on Instagram I
see that I have like 85,000 followers
right now and I feel like didn't have
20k yesterday I don't know it's really
weird you guys are so cool and I'm
really interactive
of you I'm quite proud of the fact that
I always like your comments I do my
hardest to let you like them and
actually reply didn't actually
interactive you because you make me feel
a warm on the inside sometimes when you
do things like buy my merch and click my
abs and make me rich just to give back
so you can go and follow me on all of
those if you want to my snapchats also
open did I mention that ok let's get
into the video so I asked you on Twitter
to ask me questions about behind the
scenes things on YouTube that you've
always wanted to know the answers to I
can kick back this quite well but also
generally I was a viewer of YouTube more
than I've been an actual maker of videos
and then finding out how things work
behind the scenes and being like
completely shook on my dreams to being
crushed was the worst feeling ever and I
still don't consider myself a youtuber
which is really strange so I just like
chillin here with my camera and just
late you know talking how many people do
you have to screw to get a green social
blade and subscribers asking for a
friend
in my experience generally just one just
make it the right one I probably if I
just said that I can't believe I just
said that I don't mean that oh my god
next question how unprofessional is your
setup well this isn't my room but let me
take you on a setup tour this is my
camera on a tripod this is my light
behind the camera the light is broken if
I touch this is gonna fall off and the
only reason I have a light is because
I'm too lazy to wake up early enough in
the morning to use natural daylight so
I'd say pretty unprofessional how much
money do you make not enough I don't get
paid enough for this Oh YouTube is
actually nice lush down-to-earth / how
they act in their videos oh this has
shipped me so much there's so many
youtubers I'd watch their videos before
oh you seem like such a sweet genuine
person I've met them in person and for
hell no Satan not today stay away from
me most people on YouTube are fake most
people on YouTube don't want to see you
do well I don't know it's weird there's
just like a lot of bitchiness
backstabbing petty drama people get
upset over the tiniest things but I
generally have this rule of like don't
trust the people that act the nicest on
camera because they're usually the
really evil how do you stay amazing I'm
not really sure I can't really help
being perfect I guess it just kind of
happened
does anyone actually like each other
because
my experience they don't lmao um not
really I don't really know what to say
like no I don't think so not from my
experience what does your family have to
say about your YouTube career much
really I think generally people around
me are quite supportive of what I do a
few people I guess probably feel weird
about it I guess like a lot of people
talk about me behind my back and do some
generally just shady like stuff I don't
care I'm perfectly content with my life
and I feel like if people just want to
say bad stuff about other people for
doing what they want then like they have
a problem like I don't really think
about know I don't know but yeah I guess
people are being supportive I'd like to
think that they kind of have faith in me
when you're filming does it ever feel
forced what you always enjoy it
sometimes when you like have to get a
video up that day it's not it's not
necessarily like you don't want to film
or you don't want to film that video
it's like you have to do it at a time to
get it off at a certain time sometimes
I'd have to get a video up by like seven
but I've been busy so I've had to film
like 10 a.m. in that morning and I've
just like not been in the mood at all
and I've had like take ten coffees to
get me excitable enough but it's like a
sport this is an extreme sport talking
oh my gosh it's so tiring
any like a nap after this what do you
initially think when you see a fan don't
talk to me I'm famous it wigs me out
sometimes it wigs me out if I'm like
with friends and everything and then
with other youtubers and I found comes
up to me I'll just always assume that
the fan is for like one of my other
friends or something like that and when
it's for me that's like it's just it's
really weird every YouTube will say this
but when you're in London found such
stopyou that much because people are
generally more awkward in London and I
get a lot of tweets after I've been in
London like oh I saw you today here but
I've got to never to say anything
because most people who live in London
are just like very good contact
communication that's terrifying
how tiring can it be it is really tiring
but when you like with anything when you
put like a lot of work into something
and it actually pays off it doesn't
really matter that you only got like two
seconds of sleeping right before because
then you're on like such a high from
like you know being a baller and stuff
did you drop out oh I've been getting
this question a lot and the answer is no
I haven't been at school generally for a
bunch of reasons recently but then I'm
using the time that I
I've been at school to focus on YouTube
because they can't be doing anything
else but do I see myself dropping out
yeah but don't say anything what's your
overall goal for YouTube and when do you
want to get it by it man this is a heavy
question I never had a goal for you to
but then I liked I step back I took a
look and I fought the old generation of
like og youtubers are kind of dying out
and there's a bunch of new people coming
up but in a different way to how the
other people were before you know I mean
I think it's so cool I get the chance to
be part of the new generation of people
like making their way up I just think
that's like the coolest thing in the
whole world there hasn't been a big
breakthrough female funny youtuber in
such a long time like since like jenna
Marbles
I like to make people laugh I'm not that
a great it I'm not using that well like
I'm not being funny right now I mean my
life's a joke I'm not being funny you
know I mean so I don't know to be able
to make that many people Peters sounds
so cringe oh I don't even want to say it
but to be able to do that one day man
that would be crazy
how do you build up your channel as fast
as possible from zero subscribers to an
okay amount social-climbing just kidding
you want to go through the morph antic
group just consistent uploading just
like feel selfie funny it's like so
cliche but just like give it a go if it
doesn't work out keep trying but then if
it really doesn't work out you'll
probably be a doctor or something boring
I don't know just the world needs
doctors oh my god kids go to school on a
scale of one to ten how fake you i'd say
like six nine a fake way but just in a
same way as like I'm not this energetic
ever like off camera you'll get free
words out of me and whatever is like
okay cool yeah I can't just sit here and
not say anything so I have to speak
fakeness wise some youtubers talk about
themselves and pretend that they're
perfect don't do that I wouldn't like
sit here and be like I'm perfect bow
down to me bitches like I never do
anything wrong I never do something
that's like a little bit shady or a
little bit bad because I do and I'll
open the admit to that but the
difference between like a fake person
and a not fake person it's like a not
fake person will admit that sometimes
you do things that aren't great you do
things wrong and they try and rectify
that a fake person or just carry on
being fake I'd like to think other than
the not fake category because I've tried
just always been nice what do you think
of clickbait titles boy I love it I'm
probably gonna click by this video have
you a Morgan ever kissed behind the
camera no we just like hold hands like
we're just friends how long does it take
you to edit I guess we'll see it's 644
right now and however long it took me to
edit from when I spin --is-- filming
this too when it goes up is how long it
takes me to edit you have your spots
about something you don't like some
people do but no not really
sponsorships are generally how people
make money on YouTube nowadays I don't
get that many Bandos because I'm not the
most PG person in the world but I
wouldn't promote something like don't
write because I get deals in my emails
like all the time of just awful things I
hope for like not even bad money but I
wouldn't do that because it's just like
blatantly obvious when you dislike
something I mean you don't have to like
being total love with something to
promote it but it just can't be awful
and it can't be a scam and you can't be
ripping off your viewers I generally
have that wrong what do you do when you
don't upload on a normal day um about
one can upload when it's not loading day
I don't really do anything what's the
beef isn't people like to have beef with
me and I don't really have beef
backwards with them I don't know
I'm generally quieter let it go kind of
person a lot of people like to hold
grudges for no particular reason
YouTube's a weird man so this has been a
video it's been a video which is now
over now this is my merch you should
really actually genuinely get some if
you want to if you want to ask your
parents for it for Christmas but
remember they have to order it before
Christmas because that's when it's going
away on Christmas let me know what you
think of youtube leave a comment down
below leave a like down below tell me
what you think of my Klout goggles and
make sure you follow me on all of my
social medias I'm hella active of all of
you like all the time on Twitter
snapchat and Instagram so now I'm gonna
go ahead in this video think of a click
base height or not vote a few guys to
watch it
