am I going to break up with my boyfriend
I'm so puny like hi what's up what's
hanging will scoot you guys how are you
doing I'm not doing too good feeling
kind of asthmatic actually today I
wanted to play a little game with you I
don't know I feel like I need us to
bonding a few guys and do some like
fondling of each other but not like that
yeah I hate boring people and I wanted
to bond with you guys in the most non
boring way possible so I thought why
don't I do a spin the wheel challenge
and run the most of anything up here
bands on one of these I have to answer
the question on here but I don't know
these aren't just ordinary questions
these are some very controversial
questions for example how much money do
I make
is my relationship fee untouched by the
hands of man bra size or just you know
some kind of tame ones like yeah none of
them a time do I do YouTube just for
views interesting question you know what
yeah I'm kidding there are a lot of
things that go into it I'm really
blending in with this bean bag right now
all the other pretty girls me anyway
there are a lot of things that go into
it views to me quantify how many people
like watching what I'm doing and I put a
lot of effort into my videos so if
something gets a few million views
actually Wow a few million people have
appreciated what I've done and then
subscribe and then want to watch more
when a video gets like demonetized for
example the little yellow ball of doom
it makes me sad not really because I'm
losing money for it but because youtube
doesn't push videos they get demoralized
and then they don't get views for
example they just died this series
called spooked over is a sneak preview
Oh gotcha
kissing YouTube would recommend that you
can it's Mindy monitor I hope that was a
good answer I'm not good at this
but I also really love like meeting you
guys and stuff and it kind of makes me
feel like I have friends even though I
don't have friends I'm never going to
have friends but have you guys you're my
friends I know you didn't sign up for
that you just subscribed to laugh at me
please laugh with me ooh who do I hate a
lot of people at this moment in time I
don't hate anyone I know it's such a
traditional answer and like a lot of
people would say that but I don't think
I'd go outside enough and socialize with
people for me to like get to know
someone enough to actually hate them I
can that's a lot of people that hate me
though I obviously dislike some people
quite a lot of people actually like
99.9% people come in contact with these
people I don't know I'm just very easily
irritated person I'm sure a lot of
people hate me you know like a geek
sailor Iggy Azalea etc etc members have
you tried to sue me and I'm sure half of
you guys I hate subscribing to me do I
think I'm famous no I was thinking about
this other day when I went on my channel
and I saw that how close we are to
millions million subscribers even though
I was on like 500k two months ago we hit
a million probably like a month ago
today I'm about to hit two that's insane
either I need to be fed but in my head I
still feel like I'm making videos for
like 50k people to watch even though
still like loads of people and then I
upload it and then it's like oh
definitely views them at work and then
I'm really overwhelmed actually I don't
really think of myself like that because
I don't know I don't really think of
myself if I'm gonna be really honest
with you when it comes to the point
where you've got people like turning up
at your house all of the time knocking
on your door like actually finding out
like where you live like following you
around like seeing where you are on a
story and then hunting you down and
making you outside and when that happens
quite a lot very frequently in real life
and not on the Internet then I guess
yeah
little bit so have I been touched by the
hands of male virgin me trying to figure
out whether anyone important to me is
watching this video also I'm 18 and like
15 days it would be kind of sad if I
you're moving on I've already done that
one this is gonna get boring fuck fake
relationship it really like confuses me
when people think that my relationships
are fake I don't know if it's down to
the person in the relationship with
Morgan do I really seem like the kind of
person you can put up with someone just
for like some short-term views I'm quite
a lonely person I really like being by
myself living in my own space by myself
unless I really really like someone
actually totally being around them all
of the time yeah it's not it's not fate
it's a real relationship and it's quite
a nice relationship okay Kira being with
and stuff and aware that I have a
relationship I don't like saying that
makes me feel like an adult I have
friend it was a boys I don't even know
how to prove to you that it's not fake I
don't know you don't have to believe me
I'm still gonna give you Z boy from that
movie on am I gonna quit YouTube why the
hell would I do that
no joke this is like definitely the best
thing that's ever happened to me in my
whole entire life not gonna lie not that
many great fingers happened to me in my
whole entire life so I got hearts to be
up there with the best things that have
happened to me but this is the best
thing this allowed me to drop out of
school at 16 and many people are gonna
be like well that's such a stupid idea
you know what if YouTube guys YouTube's
not gonna die it keeps getting better no
one sees that apart from youtubers but
say by some crazy coincidence YouTube
just did happen to die people are just
gonna stop using social media one day
people are gonna like roll up and be
like hey
I don't like this whole phone thing
we're doing anymore let's go back to
writing by that point humans would have
evolved without the ability to write or
ability to read or speak it's all just
gonna be telepathic Siri implanted in
our brain but you know what I mean like
find I for example Jake Paul went from
vine to YouTube and became one of the
biggest youtubers it's all about
diversity diversity fication
diversification kids I just gave you a
lesson
business with Kara or if something does
happen with YouTube or if you don't want
to do it anymore by that point you could
have saved up enough Brandel coins to
take that money and then invest it set
up your own business etc I don't know
I'm literally five years old don't ask
me this is why just hear other people
talk about ok moving on this pinwheel
bra size you know what I don't even know
why bra size is such like a
controversial taboo on firstly I don't
know my bra size I would say they are a
nice handful like one handful each I
have small hands I have baby I don't
know what that tells you I have quite a
small package you could probably fit
like a nice one orange in each really
losing my train of thought here I have
breasts moving on
what's my sexuality boy there might be
turtle sexual that's illegal
yeah I mean boy honestly unless Blake
Lively wants to slide into my name's
probably just boy favorite fan you know
how most parents say when that you
asking their favorite kid is oh I don't
have a favorite kid I love them all
equally yeah will I to be a really
freakin bad parent firstly that's wrong
called Sherlock Togo Bruno Simon it
posts pictures off my dog star
explanatory and then on Twitter there's
at Lotus Cara purely because the profile
picture is the best picture of me and
the whole world okay how many people
have I kiss to my dogs cow I kissed my
dogs actually a disturbing amount I
probably kiss my dogs more than kiss
people actually of course I have I guess
any dog
literally any dog it can have any kind
of rabies now kiss it to really profess
it oh my god
it's cogs going to break up I mean if he
does something that makes me wanna break
up with him I guess but not right now
that was a really cynical answer no I
don't think so
as long as Morgan keeps being a nice
client boy and getting me lots of views
and as long as I keep being a nice kind
female and getting him lots of views
I'm sure this relationship will work out
perfectly very real relationship I'm
making something it's fake fake
relationship yeah my relationships so
fake and we're actually broken up so
screw you I'm with that I keep spinning
it like a hundred times is that we don't
landing on anything new so I think we're
done I hope you learned something new
about me today this was a really fun
video and I did a spinny thing I might
have a control of my life for 24 hours
next though that would be very
interesting leave a like if you want
that leave a comment if you want more
videos like this where I just kind of
speak to you I haven't done one of these
in so long and it actually feels kind of
weird and I actually I don't think I
like it
I feel really strange how do I even
outros I'm Way too far away from the
camera
goodbye
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
