hi guys it's Oana here back with another
makeup tutorial review haul and guide
today you're in for a special one I'm
gonna be doing its special makeup
tutorial for the holiday see also
actually what'd you say oh we're not
filming that today
what do you mean calendar I have a
calendar oh I wouldn't know just kidding
guys sorry about that today I'm going to
be reviewing my very own heavily
criticized over price advent calendar
let's do some swatches up close quickly
wow it really complements my hand shape
it's just what you want this Christmas
it's perfect for your loved ones it's
expensive and it's made out of paper
Wow oh my god I can't do this
Cobb is such a bitch this isn't coming
off is it if you haven't seen already
which I'm sure you probably have if you
have an internet connection so a popular
female youtuber here in the UK has
released an advent calendar for
Christmas and everyone hates it like you
don't even need to watch this video just
hop on Twitter just type the type zoella
just type Christmas I'm sure you just
type baby Jesus into Google and you will
get a bad review of this calendar
popping up somewhere
now I'm impartial people are complaining
that it's expensive it's child
exploitation the kids in Africa didn't
sign up for this it is a little bit sad
that the authenticity of I care about my
subscribers attitude that youtubers used
to have has now long gone however we all
want to be eating good and if you have
the platform to oversell Gbagbo cookie
cutters
then you're gonna over sell bought
bought cookie cutters and make as much
money as you possibly can the thing is
the Internet's gonna forget that this
ever happened her bank account won't and
I respect her however I've had the
booster doing 50% I want it now if
you're interested I promises and
sponsored I wish it was if it's
retailing for 50 pounds that would have
been one hell of a brand deal so today
I'm gonna be doing a comprehensive
review of this
advent calendar and then I figured hmm
that wouldn't be fair just to review it
on its own I'm gonna compare it to
another advent calendar this one retails
at 3 pounds this one retails at 3 pounds
subscribe and this way you can see which
one is worth your money which one you
get more for your buck and which one you
should be splurging on this Christmas I
literally spent all of my Adsense on
this let's do a little bit of an
unboxing first Wow it has this great
protective plastic cover on it
I'm sure this ads literally like 20
pounds to the value of the whole thing
wowza now I think this is one of the
better gifts in the whole set it makes a
great sound
it does what you'd expect plastic to do
it's not misleading in any way it is
clear and it problems couple of
scratches on it might have to send this
back get a full refund
apart from that it's going well so far
gonna keep this this is definitely going
to be useful this holiday season really
festive here is the box wow it actually
smells quite nice ok please bear in mind
that I'm not going into this trying to
hate this I'm a very sarcastic person
but I'm not about to tear down a
flourishing businesswoman for just doing
her job if I genuinely think this is
awful I'll tell you however if there are
a couple of things that surprised me I
also tell you if I don't like much
should I really take my word for it I
hate everything later okay so we're
gonna start on day one it's down here
let's open it up I have no idea what
this is is it a cup holder quite small
wait no it's a Christmas tree decoration
okay let's review the quality of this
item not getting off to a great start
usually like to start things with a bang
this is quite dull kind of feels like it
was painted by four year old the silver
in the writing isn't even reflective I
don't really see anything of value in
this like I hate to be that person but
I'm being that person right now there
are 12 days in this box 50 divided by 12
is 50 divided by 12
generally for each item I know some are
gonna be less and some is gonna be more
we're expecting around four pounds of
value in each pouch I would say this was
made for about 2p by now
kid in Palestine in a factory that
doesn't have stairs just a ladder
we've only free rails the kid that made
it also doesn't have fingers because his
sewing machine doesn't have like a stop
button it just goes forever
it's a Christmas tree decoration like we
cannot open day 1 on this calendar and
see how it compares
oops looks like I already did it oh my
gosh I'm so fat I need to learn how to
control myself from what I can remember
this tasted great
this doesn't so imma go with this one
thank you whoo I was really excited
about this bit it's a confetti
I mean it's some stars in a pouch what
more do you want from Christmas I
genuinely don't have anything to say
it's almost like instead of this being
manufactured to people who create the
products just went round after every
wedding birthday celebration and just
scraped all the confetti off the floor
and put them individually into pouches
that is how low the budget has been that
is calendar so far so day two on the
calendar whoopsie guess I already ate
that one too there's nothing in here
however if this confetti was to have
been given to me in this free pound
advent calendar as opposed to chocolate
I would have been heavily disappointed I
probably would have robbed an empty box
because this is just gonna take up space
who is going to use this in any
environment I'm not very feminine and in
touch with like home and lifestyle so it
may be this does serve a purpose it's
gonna have to give this to the free
pound advent calendar this is just an
excuse me tea day free oh my god it's a
cookie cutter Wow
Heike too lazy to even consider baking
anything at any point of my life I'd
rather just buy a cookie however not
everyone is the same way inclined as me
I'm finding it really hard to say things
they free on the kinder calendar of
Michael's just chocolate ooh this is
like the same consistency as cookie
dough isn't that this is such a great
cookie cutter oh my gosh
chocolate is practically melted and it
couldn't okay
whatever maybe on this chakra is
basically liquid hmm sex we got so much
pleasure of that that one has got to go
to the free pound
in the calendar day for what always
wanted for Christmas
stickers Loki I really kind of do like
stickers so this sticker pack includes
one two three four five six seven
stickers and the purpose of them seems
to be to put them on gifts you have
wrapped for other people now this
probably cost about 0.5 P to print
nowhere near the four pound budget I
don't think all of our items in total
have even reached the allotted amount
one box should be filling which is fine
you know because packaging like tax or
whatever adults do
I kind of like this because she's only
given seven which isn't that many so why
here she's assuming that there is only
seven people in her fans lives that they
didn't want to be giving gifts to if
this was tailored for me I'd only need I
don't even need one that would honestly
be for myself because I don't have any
friends we don't need these you can
probably relate though Ella has gone
above and beyond here to provide us with
extra stickers maybe to say for next 7
years worth of Christmas it's open day
four on the kinder calendar oh my god
chocolate I really love chocolate my
unhealthy lifestyle was probably one of
the reasons why I don't have that many
friends so I'm gonna have to give this
one too so Ella and her sticker
collection first point for you Zoey Zoey
poo what a five this is interesting it's
big I like things that are big I'm not
blessed of than that often I thank Zoey
oh my god it's okay I think oh no it's
not it's just the pouch oh it's given
you some poison you can't eat it it's
toxic so feed this to your enemies
that's quite valuable actually thanks
for the Amtrak Zoey you can definitely
fit a lot in here you can fit your phone
in it you can fit your inhalers in it
you can fit your insecurities in it I'm
probably gonna use this as a tampon
pouch thanks Zoey sadly so this one I'm
gonna have to give it to the kinder
surprise calendar
kids why because first you get delicious
chocolate and this is multi-purpose
there is just about I'd say more space
in this empty pouch here than this
tampon case that's all I'm gonna say
this
a two-in-one this was a 0.5 day six
there has been nothing exciting yeah I
would have given up by now if I wasn't
opening this all in one go this high key
smells great it's a festive cookie
candle kind of melted probably my fault
it smells really good
and I'm not gonna degrade Zoi but
overselling its handle just because her
name slapped on it because that's
basically what every other candle
company does anyway I really like
candles I have a lot of candles however
I never liked them because I don't trust
myself not to burn the house down
this isn't gonna come in much use to me
it might come in a lot of use to you so
I'm gonna be doing a giveaway I just
came up with that on the spot I'm gonna
be doing a giveaway of this festive
handle so just leave a comment down in
the comment section of why you deserve
the candle oh it's good as the day six
chocolate taste well I give this ones
Owen it tastes like food even though you
can't eat over two kind of disappointing
and it's bowing to a good cause
helping my impoverished fans subscribe
subscribe up a little you take seven
things are getting more spicy Christmas
Clementine and I already smell it I'm
currently wearing Gucci perfume so this
was about 70 pounds this was probably
about 6p
I'm gonna go with this one because it
has bubbles in it and I find that really
fun I think this is more value for money
than this who needs this who needs
long-lasting scent not me
this is really thoughtful of Zoe you
know why it's getting their Christmas
it's getting dark it's getting gloomy we
may not all be getting our vitamin C
it's Clementine scent mmm it's exactly
what you need this Christmas is very
fair in Tokyo tasted better we're gonna
have to give day 7 to kindda calendar
hey always needed I've never had one of
these before
guys it's a pen and it's right in with
the Christmas spirit because it feels
like it was made for an elf I have
really tiny hands okay I don't know how
to describe to you how thin I've just
never felt a pen so thin in my life
let's see how well it writes
so to Zoey I don't even have to eat they
ate to know it wins
just kidding I'm definitely gonna eat
that knowing kind of coming to you know
guys record it's rap weight just kidding
it's uh it's a keyring a multi-purpose
key ring such rap I don't know my mom
doesn't trust me with the keys so I'm
not allowed those it could work as a
good earring though or not but you need
to buy two calendars if you wanted to
make the serves and earring because you
obviously only get one I'm sure this is
gonna serve a lot of purpose in my day
to day life and it looks like a rat I
don't really have anything else to say
about it chocolate one wins a ten oh my
god I've always wanted one of these I
can finally complete my collection oh my
god shaking happy such as touched
automatically choosing this one because
this is gonna get me t monetized and I
don't need so ready to take more money
from me day 11 I love a good notebook
this still has the cheap glue from the
back of the advent calendar stuck on it
oh my gosh it's all I've ever wanted in
a notebook you know what it doesn't open
for that fine now I have a small tiny
elven notebook to go along with my pen
souvenirs from the North Pole
Heike starting to feel a little bit for
now so let's don't we have that one I
haven't let her have one in a while you
won't being her lips oh my gosh I love a
good summer design on a Christmas gift
Christmas Clementine so we've been given
free things so far from the actual range
free actual develop UT products not just
amazonbasics gifts with a name printed
on it I would say this accounts for
maybe 20% of what the overall thing
should be worth oh that was day 12 that
means it's over that was anticlimactic
well there's still 12 more of these to
eat so I think we know who in here what
can I say so Ella I really feel like I
got my money's worth today I don't feel
scammed no it can't be just me who
thinks that this is all just a fad
publicity stunt right I don't know if
I'm just like an extreme cynic but if it
is I respect you if this had been so
looked down upon by the community people
like me wouldn't have even thought to
have bought it we would have been
they happy with all kinder egg throw to
diabetes at Macallan this time it's free
and you just make 50 pounds of me good
business move I guess I'm probably
overthinking it definitely overthinking
it this has been a comprehensive review
of so Ellis advent calendar subscribe in
all seriousness these two candles they
smell really great yeah even I can feel
that it's not like the same thing or
whatever this I'll probably use to spare
my dog when he is moist and smells kind
of damp just kidding that would be
really mean to him I'll definitely use
these when I never BAE my tampons are
gonna have a great time hiding in here
from now on
I can't wait to pull of these stickers
on the gifts that all the friends I
don't have I'm excited to never sprinkle
this on anything I'm excited for my mom
to not let me hang this on the Christmas
tree I'm gonna use this notepad to pull
out the death of all of my haters I'll
forget boycotted after this video if you
haven't subscribed to my channel make
sure you subscribe for more content
definitely never more content like this
I don't really know what else to say
apart from I'm not about to tell you
what not to spend your money on so if
this is something you need in your life
go for it props to zoella for being a
millionaire this is a video made out of
jealousy just kidding I'm gonna be hella
rich goodbye guys
