hi what's up what's good you have that
hanging dogs I have a question for you
do you have an internet connection are
you a female or James Charles then yes
you definitely know what facetune is no
doubt about it
it's 2017 the year of being crippling
the insecure and self-deprecating to be
relatable to an audience to increase
your popularity and to make you more
likeable by hating yourself how ironic
now I am no stranger to a little bit of
touching up here and there but unlike
some people I don't just molest my face
with God but you know if you do that if
that's your thing I'm not gonna hate you
it's possible to be crippling lee and
secure and happy I've done it before so
Canada you know so today I thought I
would face tuned some of my selfies to
the max and see if it makes me more
attractive it will I don't know why I'm
doing this it's just obvious isn't it
okay if you haven't subscribed to my
channel then you can do that right now
right here before the video starts
because you'll probably forget as it
progresses because you'll be so
interested by its interesting content
you can also give this video a like if
you liked it that would be really great
gives me clout and that's all the kids
want these days that's all I want it's a
little bit of clout so just hit that or
just tap it very lightly or just
completely obliterate the like button
that would be really great he wouldn't
like me realize so anything a foundation
from the internet what and it's like
that leave a comment down below because
I'm generally interested about how the
general public feels about this I know
youtubers and social media people do
love to you know make themselves look
better so they feel superior however I'm
not sure just how everyday Instagram
users who are trying to become
internationally cloudy feel about this
so let me know why the hell am i wearing
this let's get naked this is my limited
edition map jank all of you seem to be
really obsessive after I wore in a
videos I was gonna wear up a pink
background and it's not even Wednesday
dank let's go
so before I go back into my camera and
look for my on touch selfies don't know
why I'm gonna expose myself like that I
am going to try and take a selfie if you
haven't seen I did this to my phone
little bit of a problem
so my selfies as of now we're looking a
little bit like this have a ring light
on
here and it's really bright so hopefully
that will like counteracts it I don't
know I'm saying let's go let's try and
take a selfie oh I don't even look good
okay that was fun okay so now I'm gonna
go for all of those selfies I took and
pick my favorite one the one that
sneezed openly all of them are pretty
ugly to be honest I ain't my said this
is my selfie process is so bad I make
the same face in every freaking picture
if you really go with this one we're
gonna go with this one which is
ironically the first one I took great
waste of time
okay so now I have it up on face tune I
guess let's make myself more attractive
that's very possible
actually no that's not possible in
perfect oh I have such a mixture of
self-deprecation and narcissism as a
weird thing ever okay so what to do
first
oh you can see in looks like it goes
like real ghost footage found in my room
not clickbait nope not Ken although no
he do have a story I can make about that
give this video a thumbs up if you want
to see it moving on so firstly I'm gonna
work with the background I'm gonna
vibrance it a little bit just to make it
sound out and just make my camera
quality seem a little bit better I can
afford the iPhone X what great and then
I'm just gonna go show you for the eyes
I guess let's sharpen them up make it
look like I have way more eyelashes and
I actually do know I don't wear a
contact these are just my eyes it's wow
so I guess I mean I think you're gonna
need like a professional to like
actually improve me but okay now let's
see if I can give myself bigger lips one
thing I really dislike about myself is
it I have quite like voluptuous lips I
guess however I have a small mouth like
yeah I can't take much yeah you'll get
you monetize again ah so I feel like
that might look a little bit better now
I also don't like the bump in my nose
and sometimes I will edit it down if I
might taking a picture from this side
and that's about the only reshaping I
ever do this one was from straight on so
you can't see that my nose looks quite
cute there so I think I just genuinely
compliment myself on it you think you're
really pretty
okay this looks weird this is new let's
really go crazy
should we make my eyebrows more defined
oh Jesus let's do makeup on face Jun
let's see what happens when you do that
wowzer hold on oh no I messed up oh no
boy okay less eyebrow my eyebrow okay
that's good Micucci Wow
okay this is quite crazy
ooh I have a little cut in my nose
because I have like you're kind of a
cold right now I don't know if you can
see that you probably can't like that
fix that I would use for that mmm he'll
maybe oh okay that was easy
um next ooh my jaw that looks very um
not sharpened let's see what we can do
about this uh uh hum that's ridiculous
okay that's not too bad that's subtle
okay Matt should I make my eyes a bit
bigger while I'm at it you crossed a
line at work this is crazy and then
finally I'm gonna make myself more
tanned actually not finally tips go this
is quite mad I look animated I look like
a different person
let's do focus the background just a
tiny bit more touching up and make my
lips just circle a little bit bigger
crazy it looks like me but like not me I
don't know let's save that okay so wait
screen recording okay so now we're gonna
try it again with another selfie that I
took yesterday
this is unedited version that is what my
face looks like unedited I know it's
hideous look away and we're gonna face
you the hell out of it
so let go so firstly I'm gonna white in
the background I like to do that
sometimes in my pictures just to make it
like stand out more and stuff a lot the
pack up our boys like only I'm so fast
of it you just love fat shaming myself
it's not my fault I can't control myself
and then straight away we're gonna go in
and we're going to get rid of those
eyebags a good size hideous ooh ooh dirt
on me noise you know since I've been
like almost daily uploading on YouTube
my skin has been horrific
I always credited myself and having like
all right skin but I've been wearing
makeup every single day and it's really
been messing me up so huh maybe I kind
of needed this I don't like how my
hair's parted here so should I play with
my forehead that's weird magic
girlfriend forehead is Mac low-key I do
have an above average sized forehead
like it will be it's just above average
sized I don't like it but that looks
ridiculous so I think I'll
with having a large forehead yeah let's
just put that back Omo I don't know what
to do let's leave that is it bad I can't
find any I'm just kidding
I'm so perfect you can like me low heat
either bump in my note says so I'll just
get rid of that and that was a bad idea
and now we've edited my lips figure
great let's make my eyes pop just a tiny
bit more you know face shoot is great
for someone like me because I really I
don't know how to do makeup so every
little helps and just before I finish
that's give myself a little fake time
great safety camera okay you may be
thinking Cara what are you gonna do
these pictures now what was the purpose
of this video I'm gonna post them onto
Twitter right now and find out what ones
you guys liked more the foot fetish guy
just replied I should insert the screen
Johnson this is hilarious so I'm going
to eat it right now left or right
pics which ones do you prefer oh that
looks like a Donald Trump tweet all my
tweets recently looking like Donald
Trump tweets just keep writing them
really weird original versus edited
which ones do you prefer is for a video
go go go let's see what you guys say I
hope no one's like soft on me because I
feel like saying that there does
everyone looks better like yeah I know
the edited one looks better the answers
are coming in someone said boat someone
said I prefer natural ones someone said
original Wow I find that weird because I
disagree Matt first picked on Anna's
head second pick edited yeah I'll agree
with that someone just said whoa down
someone said I look glycin both the raw
images look better that's crazy
Wow you bite as being kind I'm not sure
of you guys are being kind because you
don't want to help my feelings or
because like you want to be body
positive or whatever it's called but Wow
okay if my phone wasn't broken enough
that was a very strange interesting
video I learned a lot no I didn't I
already knew how to do all of that if
you learn anything from this video
because I assume I should probably teach
you something let it be the passes are
people like you for how you just look as
a human being and not how the blur
effect makes you look you're not gonna
get anywhere being a catfish because all
its gonna do is gonna make people wonder
wow where did that unibrow grow from
since you uploaded
around 36 minutes ago crazy you need to
take some hormone pills because you have
a hair growth problem I'm just gonna
confuse everyone and everyone's gonna
think you're a snake even though you're
not I don't care I'm still gonna reddit
the bomb part of my nerves I think it's
ugly even though everyone already knows
it's there I feel like I gave you an
inspirational message for once tell your
mom that I'm good and she should buy you
my merch
because I thought you have to love
yourself even though I hate myself what
a great role model subscribe we can
overtake PewDiePie make sure you
subscribe do all of that stuff leave a
comment letting me know what you think
about the meaning of life I don't know
I'm over it by my match okay my name is
Keira and I am ending this
you
