yo Lukey can we get like a nice bum shot
okay so shoes hi what's good you know
dogs general gang signs today's video is
just something else it's just on another
level it takes place in multiple
different places across the country
I don't know venture I get fake rich
I think flex on all of you hoes and it's
just a little bit messy and you probably
see my butt at some point
what can I say just rolling in the out
sense however this is hands-down
probably the funniest video I've ever
made you didn't ask for it
you didn't want it but it's what I
wanted to make today so guess what I did
it boy and before I get into the video I
just wanted to say one thing so I'm
gonna say it I hate to be the kind of
person to like plox before the video
starts because you know not a sellout
however let me just sell out for like 30
seconds I invented some birch yes that's
right my name is Cara and I invented
merch now I'll give it to myself pink
really isn't my color I don't know let
me know down below if you think pink is
my color maybe it should just die in
help I released a limited edition which
is only available so you guessed it a
limited amount of time I haven't decided
how long that time is yet but it's
limited so once it's gone I'm gonna take
it away and it's gonna be gone and it's
not coming back like me I just came back
to need tops some of it looks like this
is really comfy and stuff and some of it
looks like wait no that's my boobs and
some of it looks like this oh I ready to
start running or something cuz that was
hard you guys seem to be loving it so
far
therefore I'm going to shout out these
people who purchased it with their
hard-earned money or their parent stolen
credit card I don't really care thanks
for making me a baller and you can go
and get some literally right now because
it's not gonna be available for very
long if you want to be next videos
little shout-out or if you want me to
add you back on snapchat want me to
follow you back on Twitter that wasn't
I need hats next I'm really bad hairline
ah let's get right into the video
myself if you're either 12 or a peasant
you may be thinking hmm kara what is a
white piece um I'm about to tell you I
only really learnt what hypebeast was
very recently when I saw submerged into
the YouTube scene the one thing about
YouTube behind the scenes is like a
constant battle on who can flex on you
the most literally that's all it is
I don't even care about the fashion
however it does look pretty cool I tend
not to really buy into trends so I'm
kind of out of the loop and I've just
been watching it and getting secondhand
embarrassment for everyone in the circle
but I beast is essentially someone who
just was really generic very expensive
clothing would rather like have that
then pay their rent or like feed their
six kids or like pay their child support
so me and YouTube it's full of them so
popular names may include rice gone
Faye's banks I even see some Jay Paul
reppin the off Y recently man every one
of those guys are boiling and good for
them there is like a miniature community
of youtubers with less substance the
bigger youtubers with lots of subs who
like to pretend that they make an awful
lot more money than they actually do
they will literally go and bite the
cheapest design of thing just so you can
flex the name and in every single
picture you see of them they'll be like
this with their 500-pound water up to
their face in every single one and
that's the only one they own and that
sir it's called the fake flexor so you
have like varying levels of hypebeast
you have actual height beasts then you
have that you want to be high fees so
literally everyone would below like 500k
sobs on YouTube who Fichtner celebrity
and are really not it's not enough
backstory I'm sure it is but today me
feminine Kiera in the pink much I am
going to transform into a legitimate
hyped beast because bang I've got
connections it's gonna be a weird one
get right into the video so we are here
at the Kiera closet and we're gonna go
and find a very Keira outfit just
something generally quite feminine now
bear in mind I've been away for like a
week so most of my clothes are really
dirty and in this case I can't be
bothered to open do results maybe
slightly skewed oh my my favourite
colour
black so that means I'm gonna wear black
literally all of the time all of my
outfits are just generally slightly
black and slutty so that's what we're
gonna go for I own precisely like 69
pairs of black jeans are all exactly the
same with different rips in very
employers and slightly different shades
of black and funny laughs they're all
dirty
i'ma be wearing leggings today which I
never do but we're just gonna pretend
they're jeans and then generally
something very basic yay let me give you
an outfit talk here we have something we
rope soon here we have something black
and slightly hookerish with a taco where
you can vary the sluttiness of it yay
I'm a ghost mildly modest imma go for
I'm going to church but I have a crush
on the pastor and then I'm gonna go for
covering up my fat I'm inside my mother
says I'm not allowed to wear shoes
inside the house and wear my socks
because rules are here to keep her safe
I hope you like teleport to the
hypebeast cave was Gucci you get it cuz
the video of tipping so I am here
currently in the hypebeast cave with the
the boy himself I was gonna say man but
like boy what's gonna happen is I'm
going to have a dramatic transformation
and turn into a hype beat I'm gonna go
from Kyra to rice gun and you know it
would be great if I could have this like
something I do but it's fine I'm not saw
to you what let's talk fashion what kind
of vibes are you thinking for me I'm
thinking like a when you go start a
charity shop and just pull some stuff
off the rails of like the fuck oh like
how when rich people dress like how
those people yeah I know I've never
understood that yeah like being rich is
I actually might leave not much no I say
we get you in some nice Gucci and some
nice white off and maybe some soup run
on yellow some soup really good brand we
got you in like some nice Tesco clothes
even skate by yes don't take fan no but
I'm thinking basically what we need to
do right with the kara we need to target
like these areas here because these are
like the bits you need to shows
obviously I don't have them so we need
to like get something that looks good on
the chest
the chest but just a chesticles and also
we need to get something which is gonna
really show her curves and her nice
features and show her body in general
though should be proud of their body
females 2017 you'll be part of the body
look is - I'm proud of Manipur it may be
a bit chilly but I'm fine I'm proud of
my nipples it may be a love of my life
we'll see let's go so I'm soaking funny
this is where the magic happens I guess
true let's just give us an imprint we
have the Wardrobe here we are the
various outfits that the mobs wears out
and about when he wants to look a bit
cool we've got the crazy stuff we've got
lots of different tapas and bottoms and
loads of other stuff so why do we start
Cara get something expensive out okay
crazy okay so much value so much
expensive clothing so it's all of this
right here so this is probably the most
high-quality item I've got no I'm doing
a crazy limited edition of my trolleys
is limited which means you can't get it
forever and there isn't that much of it
so you should probably buy it it looks
like this and it looks like this and it
looks like I've been crazy things for
the people that buy it if you send me a
picture of your confirmation show you're
in the March onto itself turns around
rubber boots on snapchat and I'll send
you a typic yo so the first thing we're
gonna go with is aware of course these
are my Versace boxers you know when you
haven't got much going down there you've
got to kind of make do somewhere else so
I got these expensive boxers they're
your first thing in the outfit let's
start somewhere
you guys can yo Loki can we get like a
nice bum shot next thing we're gonna go
with is these camo off-white joggers as
you can see they've got stripes on the
back
second thing let's put them on there
Cara come on cover those legs blue sweet
you want to make money off this video
right aren't you
okay next thing we're gonna go with is
this old facade you know this ain't even
proper visage it's like the other brand
of it but yeah
look it's got jammed I think it's
something yeah it's a solid start but
you know you added to the art first next
thing we're going to go with is this
right here this is an off white shirt
thing it's not printed on the back so
yeah that is out of tune which means
it's more expensive true that's how it
works and then coming to an end now but
there's one thing that you cannot forget
is the big but iconic of white denim
jacket Kara's told me many times she
likes me in this so now let's see if I
like her in this there's one thing you
can't forget camera the Gucci
it covers my face y'all okay you carry
this went from a zero to a ten real
quick oh I love being Chrissy oh there
we go like you get more ridiculous in my
life these kids need to be stopped
you know when youtubers start looking
homeless that's when you know they've
ran out of things to spend their money
on Loki though I'm in a house with all
this and I still go out where the
pranking merge we just got back from a
date as soon as I went out with this not
that this came up from nothing little
bit just wife sex a lot walked and the
word sounds it's all I want Easy's aunts
shoes I think again supreme story for
that get oh please no loser supreme
story would I get up you can get it get
it
Limited Edition supreme over that
Limited Edition supreme look Cara
I told me a long time to stand out like
you know I bought something that was too
small because it's ten pound heipiess
expose you just said you like something
isn't expensive and branded that's for
250 all right no more how much is okay
so shoes or a grunge what yellow key or
750 joggers are 400 751
50 feet stupid boxers 150 top core 250
necklace 100 that thing was 400 and that
thing was 500 150 that was one point
five that was 500 point six four point 6
K yeah I just technically I just spent
my whole rent on some shoes so even if
if your mum will you live your mum I
don't just bought a house you didn't
know cutting it out
meanwhile madam madam mrs. work I miss
the high peace dear mrs. of supreme okay
mrs. Arthur mrs. M off supreme is
everything okay at the office yes mr.
cutie easy I thought your name is mrs.
supreme up don't question me I'm and do
you know that you're wearing shoes
inside yes because I also Yui rapini
we're inside a room because I'm sorry
okay I'm just gonna leave you Joe that's
no way to make 20 K right and I didn't
make that much you said okay I'm gonna
leave so basically yeah I've got a lot
of full of sin it on the internet um
yeah so I also my followers because they
for me some rich yeah and I was like yo
ask me some questions they asked him
some questions about being a bullet in
it and let it be in don't wanna kids
found do you see these shoes no I don't
think you do mint some more okay do back
on my face
look at that foot what you guys have
some Russians for me and I'm going to
answer them for you right now how did I
become such a height beast or basically
yeah I just got rich in it like I've
just got like a soundcloud and I started
uploading that my rap beats yeah
where does I'm copyrighted tunes in the
background Ju you can start small you
can start small you don't need like and
it world you free us a way to go yeah
yeah and you said that you rap about
pussy
let's money like you bitches like all
that stuff you don't have you rap about
it and you'll get it
basically that's probably did it and
then I bought nice stuff can't pay my
rent them cut out and what's good Chi
well it's hanging very good in my hood
but this is good Chi what trainers are
you getting next or basically yeah I've
got way more where this came from
I'm getting some of these and I'm
getting some more of these one like the
peasants are trickling in the peasants
start buying these and I get a new thing
and I guess a new thing that costs too
much money you know what because I can
and then you know I'm gonna do after
that
i'ma go to Louboutins i'ma go to good
snappy and you know sorry first I'm just
have to go get my upper hat
well boys I hide this down what's your
debit card details I won't tell you
because you know man's charitable in it
however we one can cash these days
that's some of that if you can get it
you probably can't cuz you're poor won't
115 shall bbm him you know come in the
fuckin vintage stuff you know like yeah
well they called the blueberries the
phone yeah I've got a few of those well
they're from that 2013
yeah I got it fight Thank You Kate I
don't even use them I just sit them in
the drawer language so um bbm pin on the
screen right now give me up oh this is a
great one
do you have an education what's that
mean you get the bit on here video well
it's only 20 pound yeah so what you poor
shaming no I'll just point out that I
was only how much money have you got too
much but like not enough so like
subscribe visit
the right word subscribe yeah okay one
outfit I'm gonna find my phone cuz I
don't care Mike I'm not my bunny 100 G
in this hood with me hanging so I've
done my daily dose of charity have fun
being poor I guess cuz I work for them
so I guess that's fair
wait what kind of YouTube it doesn't vet
that on much subscribe this is a limited
edition much if you haven't seen it
already you should go and buy it so then
maybe one day I can afford to be cool
just maybe it's really great and it
shows off your curves if you alter it a
lot if you really wants you to make sure
you follow me on all of my social media
I do lots of crazy fun things in my
day-to-day life and I'm like mildly
entertaining so you know you could do
that I'm not gonna force you we're
growing so fast I find it so crazy that
I've literally only be on YouTube flaky
gear and there are so many of you
already somehow I have the best little
collection of people that like following
me and they show me affection even it
makes me uncomfortable show their back
and I'm ever so grateful for that it's
like a mutual relationship but not
really because I'm superior by default
I'm just kidding I hate myself I think
here oh you don't care goodbye I
remember oh it's wrong I couldn't trust
a lot came over another little bitch I
swear I flex a lot
