so I found something out recently there
is something wrong with me
hi and what's up so oh god this video is
kind of last-minute it's kind of
unplanned and it's really spontaneous
I'm supposed to have a different video
going up but you kind of have to deal
with this one because there's something
I kind of need to get off my chest I
really need to talk about it so I found
something out recently
well actually I've known it for a while
and I haven't really talked about it on
camera before it's pretty deep it it
affects my life quite a lot and it comes
in between me and a lot of things that I
really love and it's pretty bad I
promised myself I wasn't gonna cry in
this video so I'm not gonna cry in this
video I don't really cry it in general
but it's just like one of those rare
occurrences where I like my cry it's not
bad um okay so yeah where do I stop I
guess like every video I should start by
saying if you haven't subscribed to me
hi I'm Kara you could subscribe there's
probably a button down there somewhere I
think it it would be really great for my
self-esteem I need some right now
because I'm in a bit of a predicament
leave a comment down below of a sad face
because this is very sad okay let's get
into it subscribe goodbye cool so there
is something wrong with me I have known
this for a really long time it's
something that has affected me almost my
whole life and it's not great like it's
really not great I guess I found out
when I was probably like before I could
speak meaning I didn't find out I mother
found out and then she told me about it
when I could understand faith and I mean
it wasn't great news to hear it was
actually pretty bad and good I'm getting
Hannah awk wouldn't story because that's
how we get when things are kind of sad I
don't even like know how to talk about
it without like making myself sad and I
don't want to be sad on camera because
this is like a happy place so let me
take you back to my childhood this used
to affect me really really bad to the
point where my whole body would come out
in like hives and rashes and it was just
really gross and quite disgusting like
the aftermath is like an acid attack
yeah
stay away from me London kids or stay
away from the problem might have good it
went away for a little while I got some
medicine to keep her under control it
was fine you know it suppressed it I
didn't have problems for many many years
and it was great I can live my life
normally I could live amongst this
normally I can even like live in close
contact with my problem and it was like
completely fine
and I had nothing to worry about but
then I guess recently got worse so let
me show you what I have to take these
fat pills here I've been taking one a
day for as many years as I can remember
the dosage just kept getting bigger and
bigger as the problem got worse and
worse a pretty fat right now they
started off really tiny now there of
fact yeah as you probably saw their back
I guess I took my good luck for granted
I guess I took the fact that I could be
treated for this for granted and I
stopped taking them I stopped taking
them for a few reasons
the first being god this is so
embarrassing I don't even know if I
should talk about this on camera I can't
handle alcohol so when I'm late out with
my friends and we're getting there yeah
I know I'm like you know 11 months
underage but Shh I couldn't take this
medicine and may get a little cause a
really bad reaction and I just end up
falling asleep and they passing out and
it just wasn't a good time I guess like
you know peer pressure and stuff and it
was just a really bad mistake it's a
really bad time in my life and I regret
it a lot
the second reasons being I miss sadly I
mean I just fell off I couldn't be
bothered to be swallowing the fat pill
every single day just so I could be a
normal person like why can't I just be a
normal person like why do I have to take
something to just be like everyone else
it's not there oh I'm getting had a
heated sorry I keep my channel fun and
this just this really isn't fun and so
yeah I stopped taking them and then I
began to be affected again - the first
time in a really really long time and it
sucks it's kind of gone down now but I
had this pain my arm
Oh insert a picture of it here I took
earlier and it's like it is bad it was
pretty bad that wasn't bad but like and
I mean why have a problem if you can't
use
clickbait like I've been dealt these
cards these awful cards in life like
someone in the sky hates me Jesus wasn't
having a good day when he made me in the
creation Factory and gave me this
problem however when life gives you
lemons and make YouTube video about it
so I'm gonna tell you about my problem I
guess hey he's just going to get it well
this is really hard for me because it
becomes in between me and something that
I love more than anything in the world
okay so I guess I have to tell you now I
don't know if any of you may have
guessed by now but I'm allergic to dogs
they give me rashes and they make my
lungs swell up and they make my nose
really sad I love them so much I'd do
anything for you I'd take all the pills
in the world just one more time yeah
that that yeah I was being serious
actually I am allergic to dogs and it is
something that has affected me my whole
life and if you watch my channel you
know I love dogs oh my god I love you so
much like more than anything like ever
like more than people and so it's made
me really sad I have a dog he is hyper
allergenic so his fur doesn't come out
tacos does taco is a shedding boy who
sheds you shared Pavo you shed shed and
it makes me a magic to him and it's
really sad and it really affects my life
a lot because I just want a cute little
pug but no I have to have a sheep
looking dog because his hair doesn't
fall out it's a problem I guess like
poker how do you feel about it you gave
me a rash earlier you did yeah you did I
might just call this hot girl plays a
puppy I almost died I'm back on my meds
because of you I'm back on my meds
because of you I owe you so much you
like you that's how much you like yeah
you take my meds for you yeah I have to
take my crazy pills oh no it happened no
nobody Pogo I don't really know what
else to say about that honestly I guess
I thought I just tell you that I'm
allergic to dogs and I'm sad about it
have a great day
I have a great video I'm gonna be
uploading tomorrow I may never speak to
another male again after I upload my
video tomorrow I'm not coming out or am
I am i gay am i allergic to dogs and gay
I guess you'll have to wait for
tomorrow's video keep being a Bridget
spinner
take your medicine if you're allergic to
dogs because they are great oh my god
stay lit
you
