hi it's officially spooky fever
my favorite time of the year and with
that today I'm announcing my first ever
series usually my videos are just a
collection of a yeah they don't
correlate but I have somehow pulled
myself together enough to pull together
spooked over and all of these are going
to be like horror movies in real life
nothing like you would ever expect from
me or on YouTube so with that welcome to
episode 1 you may want to spooked over
and chill if you're a pussy like me but
remember it is only gonna get darker
from here today I'm going to be getting
possessed that sounds insane and it is
more will make sense as you watch so
this is gonna be one hell of a video no
pun intended yet at home I have a
notebook here and in this book I have a
list of things that I need to pull this
off correctly blood a human sacrifice
and someone to haunt me let's get
started
you're single
come on Kim
kara
is it
yeah
Moomba something's up with you mom
so he's out together hey Marvin what's
wrong
why are you screaming charisa so some
reason some visit what do you mean what
do you move what's wrong why are you
screaming why are you buying all the
thoughts go back to sleep in your room
editing something didn't mean wait wait
Morgan where's the handle gone on the
door it's gonna match it's not Lee
something y'all say - yeah what are you
a mother so it's going on my side sorry
I can't get home
okay please this isn't funny just do
something
what's wrong I don't know I don't I
don't wanna look at it so it's protein
are you sure it's not just I don't know
so please come forward in the room I
mean what the fuck
okay then we go get y'all gonna go get
Joe
well then yeah where's Joe where's your
mom where's Martin here we'll screw it
on I don't know where they are
did they go out why would they be out
it's like 4:00 a.m. well as my phone is
it in there no no I can't see if the
song is sung around with us or messing
around Laveau's what do you mean
something's going on but everyone's
going on don't think I thought I was
good
pull the police or something I don't
notice what's happening if you didn't do
this in subin's happened or something
someone's supposed to get it now I don't
know I don't know what this thing is
text it yourself
I've got my laptop hold on the Wi-Fi has
been down I've been trying to call you
what I've been texting you for hours
oh I've been texting you hold on where
my phone is
you should be there what are you doing
looks like some pins ha I got the video
what do I do um try and a drop it try
and adapt it to your Mac in the other
room and I'll oh please get in here just
do something
the handle is goddamn Walkerton I feel
like me kick the door down or something
there me you want me to kick the door
down
I don't know how to kick your job to
stop sort of a job dear
moment what the hell is that
I don't know team into the lights are
coming on by himself and there's
blooming music that's why I felt like I
was in a fully powered on like Timmy
could you steady the other okay Kim I
don't just switched off
what are you doing is that thing
well stay away from now what do you mean
what's happening dude this is just where
I keep my wigs and my dressing gown
and oh and a pillow
you should so what I was just doing for
you me panic eyes well whose blood is
the ha9 notice mom it's that time in a
month Morgan oh I thought I was having
am i sleep paralysis I've had that
before I felt literally in my sleep
paralysis it was light uh so what he
thought was happening yes I was crying
in oh wow sorry it's a price so what is
the kind of happy spook Toba it's in
with
dressing-gowns wait flu all that note
guys make sure you tune in to the next
three episodes of spook Toba coming to
you this Halloween I really hope you
enjoyed this because I put more effort
into this then I did into probably
pushing myself out of the womb to start
living
so I'm actually suspended a pillow and
paw dressing down on it okay well it
felt like more than that my head so my
Christmas
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore be sad
