hi what's up for scoochie in your hood
you may be thinking Guerra why are you
not exploiting the spookie season of
Halloween for views and to that I reply
this video is awful enough you don't
need me to scare you anymore just have
this try not to be traumatized and walk
away and don't say anything thank you
now I've been through some really
strange phases I'm still kind of going
through one where I thought things were
cute and they like really one really one
subscribe so I can drop out give this
video a thumbs up bye my match
yay on a serious note this like little
collection of subscribers I have you're
all like the best people ever for some
reason I seem to have landed a group of
really nice people that subscribe to me
and it's really strange because I've not
used to having nice people surrounding
me my friends are awful yeah I
appreciate you a lot leave a nice
comment saying something humbling thank
you goodbye ok moving on so yeah you
might be wondering why I have titled
this video the way I've titled it well
firstly I didn't know what else to
tighten it we're working with a bit of a
mess today yeah I don't get this I'm not
really sure how to handle this or deal
with this bear with me well I'm having a
mental breakdown and I'm gonna try and
create a combination of these pictures
because when I first started YouTube
this is what I thought was cute for some
reason I don't know why so let's go
let's get into it I don't know that's
what the kids are doing getting into it
oh god use protection
ok firstly I'm gonna put my hair up
because I mean oh but this is kind of
fitting mostly because I used to think
this was acceptable to have my hair like
this in videos like I've literally
filmed videos with my hair in a ponytail
like this before
hideous it's not the fact that it's like
a hideous hairstyle because you know
it's kind of average like it's fine it's
the fact I have elf is like my ace time
particular stick how much don't what
like big they're pretty small but
they're pointed it's a problem which is
why I kind of thought I'd address it
first because if I see one more comment
pointing out my ears I'm a swing don't
you dare comment about my ears now the
most of your car in comment used to be
that my neck was a different colors in
my face and yes you are right I really
liked fake tan I still do how
I've got increasingly lazy recently so I
really just can't be bothered
but today again this is meant for your
legs so I'm gonna get rash oh my god I'm
gonna regret this tomorrow this was a
terrible idea this is like so bad it's
like Loki nearing blackface and I don't
need a scandal context matters question
mark yeah we're gonna stop that next the
foundation is it where they still have
the exact same foundation that you use
that made me Orange everyone hate it
yeah it's probably weird I'm a hoarder
deal with it I love it when things come
out of the bottle
the next day okay guess we're just gonna
have to yeah you know you've been doing
your makeup wrong when your daily
everyday white girl foundation matches
ten layers of fake tan okay Donald I
literally look like The Annoying Orange
with a personality to match isn't it's
just great this is possibly the worst
thing I've ever done in my life okay yes
and then don't forget the concealers ten
shades to light for you I find it funny
that in day-to-day life I literally wear
so little makeup but I whip out the
camera and all of a sudden I'm like
Geoffrey star like if I didn't have a
YouTube channel I'd probably only free
makeup products one of them being makeup
remover wow really getting into
character meaning myself this isn't good
for my ego back then I didn't know what
any of the professional things were like
for example you know that stuff that
goes on your cheekbones any general
color so this was my canvas and in the
iconic finger-banged and pregnant video
you must have seen it everyone seen it
it's a it's um something else I went for
a phase of like concealing out my
eyelids and I don't know why so this is
what I would do before I started filming
I'm to be honest I don't know why I went
so out of my way to make my skin orange
because I tell my exposure up so much
look like your ghost anyway kids if
you're watching this please learn from
my mistakes
to be honest I'm probably gonna be
making one of these videos in a month
time bursting me now look at this dude
and then I would powder those lids like
if I didn't powder them anymore the
world would die forever that made no
sense and I remember specifically over a
little I reduce this one particular
shade from this thing which is like the
only thing I use ever and I don't know
why I thought this looked nice on me
because it doesn't but I did it anyway
and I pretty much just did that and that
was it and to be honest I don't even
think I'd bothered with my eyebrows I
may have put like some eyeshadow in them
that was ten shades to light or
something so that was it
hello old friend the next lip lingerie
in the shade exotic
oh we have we've had some interesting
times together I used to have been
designed my lips I don't know why
they're quite obnoxious anyway I don't
really wear lipstick anymore because my
it just makes my lips I look like
Miranda sings I don't know let's just go
for it oh wow it looks like when your
dog's pee comes out of the little thing
what I can't believe I just said that I
remember around the same time I used to
wear this I spent around like 200 pounds
and Kylie Jenner's lipsticks and I would
still just use this this and this are
literally the same color I hate myself
okay that's good actually cringing at
how much I did this my lip ends here
this is saying that's good leave a
comment down below letting me know
whether I should bring this back or not
who told me this was acceptable oh wait
no one just me everyone told me this was
unacceptable and did I listen no oh did
I forget the eyelashes I guess I must
have done okay
flashback for a back Thursday someone
buy me a new phone
hi okay wait hold on I'm filming your
video right this is very good actually
oh don't look at me I need just three
passes so basically I'm making a video
recreating how I used to look back when
I first started my channel well I
thought looked cute and it just like
really didn't I want you to look at my
face and react to it you don't have to
but it would be good content I'm going
to show you my face right now only
nineties kids all night she got old and
shallow
what would old Kara be without the
yellow bra I hate myself in such a fort
you know you even love the bra you hate
the bra but it makes my Tatas look great
so it's not going anywhere anything
unless you want to buy me a new one
here's my dress just kidding
happy birthday this has been a good
video from me it's not even clickbait
great cool I've already filmed an outro
job here oh don't leave this in I'm a
mess okay that was mean
this was me here I don't know how I feel
about this you know you feel about this
please let me know in the comments how
you feel about this to this person for
feeling my ego or making me more
crippling the insecure I don't know I
haven't edited it yet so I don't know
who it is giving the video a thumbs up
and if you want me to make more videos
like this try and get it to like a light
let's start just do it like go off like
I don't know eight to nine million
thumbs up I tried to do realistic ones
but then we never hit them because no
one likes me that much yeah
six nine million funds open I'll
recreate this I don't know subscribe to
channel bye oh look it's Kara from the
future from the past from the future hi
so I'm here you know making a bit of an
outro this is weird only like two of you
are actually watching us right now but
we're about to hear 200,000 subscribers
you know not really a big deal but like
also kind of a big deal because I'm
doing something like low-key special for
me for my bank account also for you guys
once we get 2,000 subscribers I'm doing
something really dance like you know
keep looking out like follow me on all
my social media say out here
I don't promote them enough so you
should really follow them like right
here and do it this is so weird this is
a weirdest thing I've ever done like
what it's all the way that's never done
like let's be real but like follow them
like follow them and stay updated
because there's something like II don't
coming late look II don't dank
a hint that you might like yeah no one
has any idea what I'm doing right now
today okay I'm just gonna insert this
I'm not gonna add a tip or the enjoy
okay bye
you
