you're flat
boy hey hi sisters hey what's up you
guys yes this was just what I wanted to
do today so this is what I'm doing
what's that you say what's that you're
wearing Kara in her own match for once
it's almost like she never wears it and
only promotes a war this is my match
today's special shout-out goes to me for
wearing my own match as a thank you for
wearing it look you have some writing on
it it's really fashionable and trendy
you should go and buy some there's a
link in the description Hey
so you may be thinking hey Kira what is
this ugly green background i'mma tell
you well since my channel seems to be
merging into a beauty channel I thought
you know what I need a professional
Beauty setup to go with it so here it is
welcome to Kira
Sarang you can get your nails done here
you can get eyebrows here you can get
your bleach in here what more do
you need from a Sarang a professional
one what we don't sell coke well we're
no crack if you haven't subscribe to my
channel you can press that button down
there that makes you subscribe to my
channel although you can probably press
the notification button as well because
sometimes a subscribe button apparently
doesn't work anymore
that's YouTube I'm fine you can also
follow my social medias they are oh
let's go I feel like the beauty guru
it's another breed as it is but then the
male beauty guru that's just like a
whole nother type of like alien Lee I
just can't relate I don't really know
how to write makeup or judge it or
whatever the internet loves to hate this
so I guess don't come for me for doing
it I'm literally just doing this for
views and because I guess I just wanted
to so I thought today I would try and
recreate a professional beauty guru
image so I guess I'm just gonna do that
to my face cool Wow
I get paid to do this thank you for
subscribing to me I'm living the dream
right now I'm gonna prime my face I
guess it ran out I don't know why I have
used it like a total of one time I'll be
honest I haven't watched the video
tutorial of this because I thought what
if I just watch the picture and see if I
can recreate it judge on that and then
you can judge my beauty guru skills in
this this face looks extremely white and
pale and pasty and generally just dry
and gone and deathly I'm gonna use this
concealer which I literally
only ever use in parody makeup tutorials
and I must have done a lot because this
is this is really wearing down now you
can just tell how down hill my channel
is going based on all of the weird
makeup things I use like oh the dildo
lipstick is running out oh God must have
had a bad out revenue month yeah I'm not
really sure what I'm doing I feel like
he's gone for a more glamorous approach
I love having talent and possessing it
you know I've come to realize recently
if I ever like wanted to like apply for
a real job or like a university or
something I have nothing to offer like I
have GCSEs but no one cares about that
like I didn't even dude mandatory work
experience key word being mandatory you
know I might be dead in a couple years
more reason to buy my merch and take
some ads make me rich oh I didn't put
any on that side long view I hate that
when I'm watching YouTube video and then
they like do something wrong and I'm
saying that like please fix it please
fix it please fix it please fix and then
when I do fix it it's like the best
feeling in the world but when they don't
fix it it's like boy what you do and
it's almost like I wanted this like the
video because you didn't fix the mistake
you made because everyone has to be
perfect oh no no you feel like this is
as good as it's gonna get not low key
high key says this lip liner and it's
red and I bought it for a video put on
someone else's face and literally
haven't touched it since okay is it
gonna be Hollow I don't know where to
start with this I'm really nervous oh my
god
hold my hand it kind of like okay nope
just know maybe I'll draw a line yeah
that's not okay god this is oh this
thing I've seen in my whole life I look
like I'm crying blood I don't know can
you even it review if you see no I feel
like everyone has seen it but can you
leave a review of it like in the
comments and tell me what you for but
because I think it could have been a lot
better they try to go in the direction
of this is really creepy then they like
over where desserts at a point where it
just like wasn't weird anymore it's just
like you're trying too hard
that doesn't look terrible I mean it
looks terrible I didn't realize that I
have to do the rest of my makeup too
he's got really fat eyebrows
just gonna go for them tweet this video
at him I have absolutely zero experience
with makeup apart from the trashy parody
videos I've made so there you go wow
this is low-key alert never going to be
seen dead in sometimes I feel like
makeup does a reverse effect like when
people go overboard unlike that
overlining lips or overboard on their
eyebrows it's kind of like bitch if you
have to go that overboard like if you
have to overcompensate that much we know
you probably have some across the Asda
can eyebrows hiding underneath that I
don't have great eyebrows I don't
pretend that I do either there's a real
winner here
honesty prevails what's next ooh I know
this is called this is called a cut
crease and that's when you draw a lion
god I bet someone with like a makeup
degree out there wants to just impale me
with a fan brush I'll try a different
approach of this one
okay that's why your mom said you wanted
to get you diagnosed as a kid Bishop
wanted to a sacrifice for life hmm it's
gone kind of pinkish I like that I don't
have a clue what I'm doing probably put
so much time and effort into creating
this great look people can recreate the
Halloween and like you know and then
I've just come and molested his whole
idea and they free seconds sister is not
working right now
okay sister calm down I guess the next
step is to add some black where it makes
shadow and dimension I want to say spice
you just kind of do something like this
I don't know I guess so many people want
me to die right now
I don't feel like I'm doing anything
wrong so I feel like I should be
achieving the same result issues no
nothing okay to be honest this I'm doing
right now don't hate it now let's make
it look a little bit more like what he
did
hmm I should just stop wandering right
now yeah that was a bad idea
backtrack you know this isn't too bad I
don't hate it too much well this is
really intense
pigmentation very unreal right now
there's some reason I get the feeling
that this isn't how he did it
hi sisters my videos just getting too
spooky to handle some local child lion-o
800 1 1 1 1 1 1 I messed up I don't know
how but I just did sorry integrate the
red back into this because that just
sisters wig flew out of here oh that's
why ok cool we're just gonna have to
stick with this however we can revive it
on the lips very bad at this I used to
horribly overlined my lips back in the
YouTube days and going back and looking
at it makes me cringe so heavily but so
many people went out and bought this one
NYX lip lingerie in the shade exotic
because of me those words days and
people actually liked me before I
changed and I'm just wondering when
someone's gonna tell these hoes a fat
line above your lip is not fooling
anyone
oh no sisters foolin I just don't
understand and now there's like some
gradient effect around I understand that
no one go I just said ok I guess the
next step is to glamorize this a little
bit because it's not looking too great
enough so let's do the thing that is
called die cut crease that's what the
beauty guru is cooler and boy I'm going
straight in and more hesitating any
I've accepted defeat and I've accepted
no matter what I do is going to be wrong
so do it anyway
you're gonna die one day to my so
curious oh god it really is Halloween
now I'm a Christian girl so it's
probably very bad that Halloween is my
favorite holiday - Jesus I'm really
sorry but it's all a day closest to my
birthday and I love myself and I love
being a center of attention I'm just
gonna cover it in white stuff because
that's what I seem to know how to do oh
it looks like I've been smoking cocaine
through my dear dog all the holes in
your face go to the same place right I
feel like you would be shook to find out
that I am actually trying and I'm
actually really disappointed that this
is going terribly oh you wasn't
surprised okay does have a winged
eyeliner on this is gonna be wow I feel
like this winged eyeliner it's gonna
turn out more horrific than everything
combined because I just don't know how I
also think it's really ugly oh my sister
didn't disappoint too much sister like
Loki came through now I don't have any
fake eyelashes because I'm not fake oh
no I just done so I'm just gonna have to
work with the ones that growl of my head
I'm sorry if that's not good nothing I
think I look really good and then the
final step I feel like it's 2013 again
in the Dan and Phil found and bought
from this time it's red look he feel
like this is gonna be the only bit I'm
actually good at I'm getting some major
clown cow right now you know just to
finish it off just highlight the tip and
there you go mom I'm just a little
bit shocking for right now um I don't
really know how to process this or
handle this so I guess coming to a movie
theater near you you are so off this
video I have come to a few conclusions
one I don't really like clowns anymore
to just take away my makeup honestly
just take it somewhere far away take a
whole barrier and set it and me if you
get the chance on fire and then finally
subscribe to my channel cuz I don't know
it just makes me feel better inside I
don't know what else to say to you okay
you
