oh boy you notice about to be good hi
how's it hanging what's good new her
dogs is you getting lick cuz I'm sure a
lot I have no friends look I've been
getting judged a lot recently
not for this surprisingly don't know
where that came from but for this people
don't seem to like my hair in its
natural form I agree
me neither but I have one increasingly
lazy recently straighteners just aren't
really doing what they used to for me or
my face or my general physical
appearance I guess you're just gonna
have to get used to this it's not what
anyone wanted it's not what I wanted
it's not what you wanted but pupa did
kara is in her element right now and
we're just gonna pretend that it's not
happening today I was at school not
paying attention
and and I discovered something that is
like really well-known however I don't
know why I just never really dipped my
toes into this I guess I wanted to share
it with you so here you go it might get
a bit deep before I do anything I just
want to say if you haven't subscribe to
my channel you can press that button
down there and you can subscribe to me
Kara and you can leave a comment saying
if you want to come to my meetups I'd
really like if you come to my meetup but
don't do that you know I'm not gonna
tell you what to do if your life please
give this video a like or a dislike I
don't really care what one they're both
kind of do the same thing for me and if
we can get this video to 10,000 thumbs
up I'll delete my channel I'm sure a lot
of people would like that thank you this
person's watching and if you want to be
next video shout all we have to do is
leave a comment in the comment place
where people leave comments and thank
you to this person to buy my merch you
can buy that down there it's really dang
good stuff I wear it all the time
looking for comps a shop let's go
so anyone who has been on the internet
since prehistoric ages knows about this
thing called read it nicely I'd never
really like looked into it before like
konai I don't really know why I just
guess I just kind of didn't which is
weird because I've literally been to
every single corner of the internet
every corner cut from black dildo porn
when I was in school not participating
because I rarely do that anymore I don't
think
anyone else does eva i decided to take a
look alright let no sleep and see if i
can find some really scary stories had
nothing better to do quite literally I
was in school I'm gonna succeed in life
and I got like halfway for a story and I
thought wait boy this could make a great
video we could have like a mutual scare
session I'm such a pussy I hate watching
same things you know the movie it that
came out James Charles said it was bad
yeah James Charles I'm on your side it
was terrible I didn't like it I mean
granted I was with a boy when I was
watching it so I didn't really watch
much of it but it still scared me
because things like that scare me
because I get scared of everything I'm
scared of the dark I'm seventeen in ten
days I'm almost a big girl I can legally
consume alcohol in one year and ten days
not and I still sleep with the lights on
you just have to say that you're fine
yeah I'm gonna read some of them and I'm
gonna try and read some really creepy
weird dark deep ones and we can be
scared together boy this is just what I
wanted to do today so I did it okay so
I'm here let's look for something weird
don't take his pamphlet that looks good
I'm going to read this one says very
long it was Sunday morning and although
that doesn't mean it was my weekend far
from it I feel like I read that wrong
already
why he expected me in at 4 p.m. and I've
gotten way too drunk last night for my
own good if they ain't me around midday
I first like my puffy white duvets
embrace the cold October morning this is
so descriptive it's kind of boring the
wood floor was freezing despite the
heating key here now before still
feeling drunk I stood up me everyday
I call the bed son whack would have
finger telling it to stay like a good
doggy the taste of beer and pizza coated
my mouth when I could feel the wet draw
in my beard so basically this person is
intoxicated I heard a rap at the door ok
someone knocks at the door a rap was not
at the door hello chance is that you
chance the rapper at the door no it's
good knocking say that's my mom a lot as
well and the person at the job was a
Dark Stranger we've established this the
Dark Stranger had a pamphlet in his
I didn't need to see the text to know
what it was he tipped his wide-brimmed
hat with a grizzly tan hand and stepped
back in a bow okay he is polite good
evening young sir the birds are calling
and the folks are jumping through the
gospel his good graces it would be among
the most auspicious
these are such big words I don't pay
attention at school anymore
so there are no birds and no frogs the
guys from out of town because there are
no birds and folks apparently he has no
teeth and he is sad he has cowboy boots
and a pipe he likes his job I knew I dug
whose guy's just me he's not letting the
joy of a witness in his house okay some
dialog good morning I said and wipe the
sleep from my eyes he noticed my girl
he's dating frowned a little is it he
asked annoyed okay I mustered up what
kind do for you the preacher brought
forth the Panther in his hand did you
know that he died for your sins he also
died to give you something more
important ah
see they lied to you too and then he
laughed because Jesus what they don't
tell you is that he died in save mankind
have you read the scriptures no I have
not I'm starting to get a little baffled
by what he was saying of course some
stuff about Jesus when I was well just
get murdered already oh my god just
molest him already it's a native of a
dog the dog barked at man preacher has
black clothes they 12 the dog began to
foam at the mouth reminded me of does
Amba don't you see on TV right so now
this woman's dog who is nowhere near or
involved in this situation he was
somewhere very far away's dog is foaming
at the mouth and potentially has rabies
good its persons in a very good writer
my boy we are looking forward Kreutz
recruits to join in the eternal struggle
that God has given us look I'm sorry to
waste your time but I don't believe in
God and the devil person running late
and have to get ready for work okay
me apart from I don't work and also
Jesus's I love this grave
joyful joyful Lord we adore thee god of
glory Lord of love I love Jesus the guy
is sad because there's no Jesus he's sad
that he won't let him in the house
godson touch and save you apparently
Sundaya to give you the freedom to live
how you see fit come join us
thanks devil I guess we're giving me
free will oh the power support is hat
off and strings of clumpy white gray
hair salt his shoulders patches of skin
sunk into his decrypted skull as if his
head had been beaten with a rock he
reached for his glasses and I cringed
away two voids stared back at me
blood-red gouges were bulging black not
the only thing that's poking him that's
so inappropriate and bits of sake
working flesh dangles uselessly leaders
uselessly from above ok
his skin is dry his teeth all green the
guy locks the door and then gets inside
his house turns out he hasn't locked his
windows that a crazy zombie past a guy
is going to try and get inside he has
tentacle arms and we have come to the
conclusion that if this guy knocks on
your door whatever you do don't let him
in and don't take his pamphlet well to
avoid that problem you can get one of
those stickers that old ladies get for
their door which my mother actually did
get for our door on our house it says no
religious bodies no cold callers and no
dogs it doesn't say that I have a dog
what doesn't make sense I think it says
beware of the dog not that my dog is
anything to be wearable you can
volunteer Instagram right here
EB hey that was kind of boring let's
look for another one I think my dreams
might be real wow that's crazy it's not
like a dream to implement a real life or
anything science I'm hoping somewhere
else has experienced this and can give
me some pointers I'll start by saying
I've always had incredibly vivid dreams
but I've always known that they were
dreams even during them I'm always aware
that whatever happens isn't real life
and though sometimes they still startle
me I've never been properly frightened
by a dream until last night what
happened last night
hey I've gone to bed fairly early and
fallen asleep around 10 around 11 I woke
up startled I couldn't put my finger on
why it's unusual for me to wake up at
the start but usually I don't remember
doing it as I fall asleep again
immediately after the first I usually
knows that my other half is groggy in
and morning because I've working here
mark such a pet peeve of mine when
someone calls their like boyfriend or
husband or family my other half like no
shut up you are two separate entities
who like each other for your genitals
NASA
of a half I hate love anyway last night
I woke with a start and after a few
seconds I adjusted to a dog who couldn't
see anything I had this overwhelming
sense of dread me every single day when
I wake up in the morning my heart starts
beating so fast I am certain I was wide
awake anyway by reflex I pulled two
covers up over my head and waited to
fall back to sleep
everyone knows nothing can hurt you and
you are under the covers apart from the
covers himself you know they get too
close your face and they get kind of
trapped because someone hates you and
tries to smother you and then you die a
few panic seconds passed before I felt
soft like plop on the duvet like a tiny
creature about half cat sided jumped on
the bed then I felt the unmistakable
gradual creeping of the cat off the bed
towards my head I'm allergic to cats
weave cotton in my head in a bed someone
get out the inhaler
I could hear the duvet Kringle of every
step I can feel the extra wet and it's
progeny on my arms and shoulder I don't
have a cat cool story bro this is really
boring her heart beats fast because of
the cat she's convinced it's not a dream
but it felt real etc there is no catch
eventually it fell back asleep and woke
this morning as normal but if felt the
same feeling of dread when alone in our
bedroom or up says since I think I'm
spooked now but I'm sure I had fabric
moving one Foss bedroom to see it new -
now that I think back I found harmful
experiences before services in the past
where they feel someone banging mattress
and had phantom dog sniffing in my room
always cast the memories aside after a
few days assuming I was overtired and
starting to think maybe not get out of
that boy that is dangerous situation 10
out of 10 do not recommend unless you
can get a free dog out of it ghost or
not a dog oh is a dog oh just reminder
my birthday's in 10 days and I really
want a puppy this one is called I'm
never dingdong ditching again basically
they ring the doorbell someone's house
crazy guy chases and with the card the
police get called they're not dead
basically clickbait story time cool am i
a bad person you know I've been
questioning whether I'm a bad person
for quite a long time and I've come to
the conclusion that yeah I have my
faults yeah I do
very stupid immature irresponsible
annoying mean cringy horrible evil
things sometimes that doesn't make me a
bad person
I
come to the conclusion that if you do
something really bad but then you try
and correct yourself and better yourself
and you know try and make it right then
no you are a good person because bad
people don't see their own flaws and I
see my flaws I have a lot of no sure but
1 mil tbh that was really boring and not
scary at all however I think I gave some
decent commentary that you may enjoy
give this video a thumbs up and comment
down below if you want me to do that
again and if you want a chance to be
next video special shout out you can
leave a comment below
maybe linking me to your favorite scary
reddit no-sleep form so I can do this
again that would be hella dank and cool
and lit broth I don't know how I felt
about that I guess they just kill the
tone of every situation nothing can
really have a mood with me around she's
missing back into my cave I hope you add
a dank day and I hope you watch this and
escape from some real life problems like
your girlfriend airing you because
you're on freak you post about your
problems online or something that I'd
and I really hope not much is its
interests kill me y'all sound like
Psychopaths I love you subscribers sound
good boy
