hi how's it hanging than the hood it's
not really like a fat secret that I am
as continuous user of memes not cat not
cocaine not crack memes I take them in
daily I review them daily like I'm a pro
and I think the P in my youtube career
you can say that so far was probably at
that time that I was a meme it was great
like it was great I know that everyone
was making fun of me I get that I was
the butt of the joke no one was laughing
with me everyone was laughing at me that
video has like 15,000 this but it's
thanks I've got to be a meme I got to
live my dream yeah thanks for tweeting
it's my pool so when you're kind of
alone and you have no friends for a
really large portion of your life this
thing happens where you retreat inside
and like kind of seclude yourself and
you become a professional in your field
my field being means I have experience
in my lifetime
almost every face of viral internet meme
hmm nothing is quite top doja there's
still hope that there's not much so I
have acquired like really intense
knowledge about memes I like them I like
them a lot and I thought hey why not
share this knowledge with everyone else
why not teach you how to rate memes on a
very scientific scale of how a meme
should be rated and yeah because we all
need that skill moving in school right
me give them a stupid Oh
see ya weekend are we gonna judge the
memes today so for the last I'd say
since archive features they're available
on Instagram I have been archiving and
saving memes ready make a video of
judging them I kind of want this to be
like a monthly occurrence a means of the
month
insert jingle I'm probably not gonna
make because I'm lazy you think
something means of the more so I'm just
gonna take you for a meme by meme Wiccan
or Assessor we're gonna assess the
quality of the image we can assess the
form begin to assess everything and by
the end of this video and possibly every
other video
make about it that you should definitely
watch because I like when people watch
my videos you're gonna be a pro too but
not as professional as me because I'm
the best everything I do isn't it right
before I start if you would like
continuous amounts of good luck because
that's how it many people do things like
you should really subscribe to my
channel wait do it late there's a button
there and then also is it better or
Isabel there's a bell you should also
click that and I've really got the point
but now I get the point because
YouTube's just like not telling people
when I'm uploading which it's great good
job YouTube you did your job now people
have to subscribe to ice so you should
definitely do that I also have much I'm
unstable oh my god iPhones have a scream
record peach now it's gonna make my life
so much easier oh my god I'm gonna be
something really cool and I'm at the end
of the video I'm gonna be revealing my
favorite meme of all times stay tuned so
not all of these are like entirely just
means they're just like it posts
basically but yeah they make me laugh
and I think they're great
so yeah let's go the first one I have
saved is this it's the dog and I like it
because it has a dog in it and there's
nothing really to say anything about
that
bananas are nice too but in terms of
everything else I love the layout of
memes like this that's just really easy
to look at has a to picture side by side
like nothing's cut out it's really great
whoever puts on Twitter it's like
cropped it really well so it fits it's
like the text and like the shape and the
way that you way to cross things out you
know what I mean it just has two
standard twitter doesn't have auto caps
on font like it's really great like this
is a out of 5 I give it like a 4 doges 4
because everything about it is a good
but it is not like funny it's more like
oh wow I really do only save stuff with
dogs in yeah I love these these these
make me laugh a lot however I have a
couple of complaints about it I do
really enjoy the ones by people like
post pictures of animals who have come
up to them like and it's just like hi my
name is insert animal name and I'm not
lost I'm just going on it
and I think that's really cute but it's
bad I did you shouldn't let your animals
roam outside like that it's really bad
that's how your cats die and if someone
sees a really cute cat or a really cute
name tag their name tag adds at least
like how much is named hanging graving
that adds like a 30 pound value on top
of your cat if you cuts cute which it
probably is I don't know I don't really
like cats I kind of allergic to them
thank someone's gonna steal your cat or
hit it with a car bad idea anyway and
with this I think it's a really cool
concept a pop you don't let your dog run
around petrol stations he will be set on
fire I don't know how much I love the
four pitch and layout it's okay it's got
dog in it so out over five doges I give
it a I give it a two and a half two and
a half because it has a dog owner this
made me laugh a lot like a lot like
thank you I like this because it's just
one of those things but you kind of look
at it and you're just kind of like yeah
oh that's really funny
Loic steer or it's really random it's a
car and it has three doors in it I just
I don't know if it's real but it made me
laugh so imma give that imma keep it a
poor doges yeah I'm saying I'm setting a
standing quite high however I dislike
this watermark I dislike it severely I
think that watermark was a very badly
placed it could have been placed
somewhere else I came all formed marks
I'm all for like claiming your work and
stuff like that but if it's the font and
it's the way it's not the party isn't
even turned down like this is a great
meme account you should follow them know
after you follow me man zeros right here
I love this name I love this me so much
this is like an original tumblr post
meme and I love it it's fucked freaking
flipping great Oh God might be monetized
and I just anything with animals just
being weird just kind of makes me laugh
a lot maybe it's just me maybe it's not
I don't know but this is just such a
great meme it's a dialogue bit as well
and the tumblr mm-hmm
so boys a scale of 1-10 how what ru for
this mean by okay review this means how
are you think you don't know have you
seen this channel I'm gonna give it for
doges no I'm gonna give it free yeah me
give it free this next one wow I like
this a lot like a lot I like graphs
I don't like drawing them by like taking
them in and consuming them a lot I
really I really appreciate this one I
just think it's so funny but like also
what I like eating it looks dirty as
hell besides from that and the ugly
tablecloth this is really great I don't
know how I feel about the auto caps
which you know it's kind of hypocritical
of me because I have auto caps on and it
really annoys everyone like everyone on
Twitter hates me for it but so yeah I
really like this and props to the meme
creator the watermark is more
strategically placed however I think the
opacity should be turned down a little
bit for that purpose I'm gonna give this
a solid 3.5 doges out of five doses yeah
okay cool so the next one I really
really like this and I really appreciate
it and it's just like one of my favorite
videos in the whole world and it's a
video that someone has taken from
YouTube essentially taking credit for
and Mima fight to put on their account
so it will go viral and get them more
followers which you know the idea of it
is very morally wrong however is
hilarious I love this I give this a five
out of five doges i'm insert a video of
it yeah don't just have too much I'm set
to the back teeth of these in debts
yeah your big fat finger away me
anywhere near you so shut the fuck up
are you for this is really can move this
is a fucking free country and I'll put
my finger whatever I want right mom tell
her mom tell her oh my god you're such a
can shape back yes they used to that's
enough
what's out stop pain you move just push
me I'm gonna come in big bottleneck the
next one is a swiping kind which is
really great it's the third swiping one
we have come across fastest far I really
like this I think this is really funny
it's a different kind so it's not like a
Twitter post and I think it's funny it
points out that nasa has discovered a
new planet covered with marijuana I
don't know how true that is
I'm sure someone would enjoy that
somewhere don't you drugs and then it is
a rocket you're going to space you have
to look at this one stand it I can't
explain why it's funny it's this see I
can appreciate almost every kind of me
the one means that it's kind of like
it's really hard to execute but when you
do execute it it's like oh yeah boy
that's hilarious is the cancer meme this
is such a cancer meme but I love it
Hitler's killer it's my hero how do you
view of that god I love this one so much
it's a nice mixture of Twitter memes
humbler meme and then just post me it's
brilliant my mom was too embarrassed to
tell the vet our tortoise was called
Boulder torch so she just sent his baby
with Susan boardwalk - his name was
Susan fatty and tortoise called Susan
this is my tortoise his name is Susan
brilliant that's brilliant a solid five
out of five doses right there also don't
oh I just want one person who made this
so bad you should tell people to get
retention or to comment down below the
favorite meal Oh
he comes in who is that finally the big
reveal my favorite meme this one take it
in I'm not looking at it right now but
I'm thinking about it and even like
laughing thank you back I love it so
much
no that has been me being good at
something and making a video for you to
consume i'ma make memes of the month a
monthly occurrence because because that
just makes sense to do it monthly
because thanks to these people who are
on the screen right now who for some
strange reason use their probably
parents card to buy something that I
created kind of it's been great and I've
decided that for the needs of the moms
video this special shout-out is gonna go
to people who send me their favorite
memes all my various social media
platforms so there you go get me sending
mean I love boosting there you go as
always I think here you've been awesome
I'd kill myself and that'd be my outro
ah
