I didn't know what I wanted to do with
my life
Wow this is new should do it like a cool
transition yeah what's up fam that was
hideous I hated every second of that
that's filthy
you're filthy apparently I'm in that I
know this is a little bit more
professional than usual I wonder if you
can actually see my face rather than
just a bunch of pixels for once because
look I'm using a camera that's radical
so I guess I'll just jump right into it
at them so I don't know if you've been
following me on my various social media
platforms where you can follow right
here go for it however I've been in
London for what like hmm five days now
which is weird because I live probably
somewhere in the distance over there so
this was a little bit necessary it's
fine I've been hidden been getting lit
and I'm going home today
which was probably a bad idea to be the
day that I stopped walking but uh-huh
we need you channel my subscribers and
my fans what do you think of my angles
oh good I like it too
this has been a great clip so I guess
I'll show you the room we've been
staying in for the last like five days
and if it's anything reflective of my
youtube channel you better be sure that
it's a mess make sure you subscribe
right now let's take you on an MTV Cribs
star tour
this is the door this is the fire escape
plan just in case there's a fire and I
wouldn't put it past me to start one of
those actually then the old purpose for
the Rope you know do it for the whatever
it is a carpet I'd say it's kind of nice
it's a little bit I don't really know
what this means
this hi it's the bathroom and it that's
one of these doors and I don't know how
I feel about this because it's kind of
like awkward do you know what I mean
like it's pretty easy to watch someone
here and it slides and stuff very easily
entertained I don't really understand
this concept because if there was more
than two people in this one room which
there should it be apparently I don't
know if that means that only one person
compete like one person yeah so I don't
get this concept or who thought that was
a good idea but this is me I took it out
and I got this top you'd know about that
if you followed me on my snapchat Pat
Kyra Bridget you can do that right now
yeah basically yeah I love cleanliness
and hygiene Wow are your flops hey
either got nothing on those trade yeah
yeah thanks right yeah I think that's a
tiny bit big definitely not only like a
bit homicide so you're probably going to
be sketchy great not like let's get this
neither
next stop the table I like coach we're
not Diet Coke that's just actual cancer
diet coke not what do you think their
place to sugar with because which make
you hungry but if you don't need then
you hacking the system it is some M&Ms
this was like the first night we were
here we went to Leicester Square and
went like oh yeah let's just go into
M&Ms world and then they had this big
giant wall just full of M&Ms and I
thought I'm gonna get me some of them
good idea of everything yeah yeah um
yeah yeah
yeah that's nice juice anything dad no
should I stop now good let's get you
again
what's up guys good guy hey once a game
you ready Oh a game called I don't know
what it's called where you guess like
the life of the people who are walking
this guy how can you start a
conversation with someone in English and
when they reply sorry I don't speak
English - like your initiate the
conversation it's like she's spoke to
you in English you responded and then
she responded of story I don't speak
English
it's like me when I don't want to speak
to someone hey how are you sorry I speak
English
- other word love we're really great
right now we don't match any Pig really
like idiot no not at all
heythis I hate this everyone feels I
made this transition transition
transition come professional what's
poppin low gang me a Mormon decided
after we'd left the hotel I don't know
four hours after check-in maybe there
let's go to a Starbucks just chill sit
there take advantage of the Wi-Fi in the
plug sockets and get fat before hmm
there's one a six minute walk away can't
be too hard to get to let's be healthy
let's walk let's use our legs well this
is what happens when you put me in
charge of directions not much happens
because we didn't get anywhere or
achieve anything now we're in a taxi I
tried to transition in the last one slow
Hey don't tell me what to do I'm
professional dog reticent are a lot more
to talk your brother yeah
yeah
being a professional smile yeah really
later hi no no I'm not completely
incompetent of course I didn't forget to
end the vlog that is a great way to
intro what I'm about to tell you hi
what's up how's it hanging we need to
talk I don't know if you've noticed a
change in my professional content
recently you probably haven't I don't
think anyone cares that much but there
has been one and this confuses it makes
me because everything confuses me
because I am a little dog I like it a
lot I also like being less d monetizes a
lot of fun being able to buy food and
eat it and not worry about your card
game cancel it so I guess there are like
a few things I should probably talk
about such wanna talk about that you
guys have been asking recently that I
should probably address it's kind of
deep but it's like not that deep you
might think it's a bit deep dependence
we were really into do I like a deep I
started out on YouTube telling stories
primarily for the reason why when I
first started my youtube channel story
times were like the thing that was the
story time wave and I was like boy I'm a
writer because I only started my youtube
channel literally like he gear ago I
only started putting effort into my
channel once it started growing like
last September when I was on that and
saying that we don't speak about anymore
like it's literally only been a year and
and you really got involved in the
YouTube scene and like made friends like
we've in the last like three months I'm
very new so I started out telling
stories because I do have a lot of
genuine like crazy stories about my life
and that's kind of what was poppin at
the time and that's what I was enjoying
watching so I was like imma make some
stories and now the wave just kind of
dissipated the surfers went somewhere
else and it's time for me to dive into
another water sport you get the metaphor
I didn't either don't worry we're all
incompetent here and don't get me wrong
I loved having stories that's more
likely the best things ever but I only
liked having them when I have something
that I like really want to tell for
example finger-banging and pregnant how
I got away with murder
like classics those were genuine stories
I really wanted to tell apart from some
stories I just kind of pulled out my
button was like yeah have this because
you guys want story times I can't really
think of anything else
I like really want to project since the
atmosphere right now happy so anecdote
from my life recently I have been kind
of acquiring a life and discovered that
I really like vlogging I really like
taking my camera or just doing like
funny stuff and whatever and it's just
really great because I used to sit there
and like script out my video script out
my stories and try and fit in all of my
jokes and stuff because it would get to
editing I'd watch a video back I'd be
like oh I can I said something so funny
there so I had to literally premeditate
everything I was gonna say it so that I
would be satisfied when I'm taking my
camera throughout my day you get to see
the side of me that everyone else gets
to see not just Keira who like forces
jokes into every ten seconds which I I
do do that in my day to day life if
there's an uncomfortable situation you
bet I'm gonna say something
inappropriate if you tell me your whole
family just died now's fire you bet I'm
gonna make a joke about it because
that's just my coping mechanism and it's
really insensitive and not a personality
trait but it looks great on camera and I
was having a conversation with someone
who was like you're not not being
successful you you just don't know what
you want to do yourself I thought yeah
that is true and I've never been someone
who wants like stick to a routine who
wants to do the same thing with the time
so I've tried to come to the conclusion
that I just want to do everything which
kind of moves me on to my next point
which is old YouTube to be quite
honest I just didn't want to get rid of
the years 2009 to 2013 before things
went a bit from the ages of like 10 up I
always knew that whatever I was doing
that I wanted to be successful it that I
wanted to be the best of what I was
doing I have a very narcissistic complex
sociopathic tendencies and it's not
healthy but at the same time if I didn't
have those traits I wouldn't be where I
was now being a little bit
self-righteous guess you quite fought
you should try it sometimes have some
self-worth I usually need to tell
yourself like fam these people with
opinions don't care I know that one day
the kids who like here that's so
embarrassing oh my god you're like so up
yourself like for me doing this I'm
gonna one day be the people who are
changing the world on my Ferrari and
bringing me my new breed's to my
clickbait ten million dollar mansion in
the hills and you just have to have that
mindset and if you have that mindset
you'll do great things I don't mean sit
there and like suck your own dick but
but sit there and tell yourself that if
people have a problem of you for doing
something that you know is gonna bring
you great success then they are the ones
with the problems then you are
automatically better than them because
you are firstly doing something you love
not carrying about the opinions of the
people not judging other people because
they want to do what they want to do and
they are doing all of those things so ya
have a god complex you'll go far in life
but I've gone off topic a little bit I'm
digressing I was so desperate to
maintain the old YouTube on my channel
making like jenna Marbles style content
of just being a complete absolute three
that's the kind of stuff I love to watch
I still love to watch and from the age
it's like 10 I didn't know what I wanted
to do of my life I knew that I was I
knew I wanted to go far but I didn't
know how I was gonna do that and my like
one ambition when I was younger was to
like be famous and then all of a sudden
I guess food like people telling me that
I was like that's unrealistic you can't
have that you can't have what you want
and so I focus on school I got kind of
small and I fall okay I'm gonna like get
into science and one day I'm gonna be
like an engineer and
it's gonna be sick doing something that
I don't really care about that much
that's gonna make me a lot of money when
I could start now ditch the stuff I
don't care about do something kind of
love which also makes me quite a
considerable considerable considerable
considerable amount of money when
YouTube doesn't do monetize meat the
same bit I wanted to make it on my
channel so that if anyone wanted to
return to those like old time they still
could I wanted it so that if anyone
still wanted to go and watch pubescent
girls sitting alone in her room with a
camera getting lit - whatever it is she
wanted to get lit - in a legal fashion
most of the time they could still do
that and they could still have the
satisfaction of seeing someone so normal
have such a cool life the way that I saw
other people doing that and think I
could have that one day and honestly
that really confused me
but then of youtube money got involved
friends got involved business Eastsider
fingers got involved that I don't really
want to get into but it's not great all
of the time and it confused me I was
pretty adamant that I didn't want to do
YouTube as a job which is weird because
that's all I've ever wanted since I was
like 10 and started watching like Beauty
baby 44 and Danis on fire so I don't
know why like my subconscious really
wanted her but I always put on a front
like oh no I don't want to do that I'm
just gonna focus on school because I was
scared or failing and everyone being
like yeah we told you so bitch but now I
don't care call complex Cara has come
back I used to say that I wouldn't do so
many things I have now have done apart
from like black tar heroin and crack and
every other drugs I'm a and it's
great I've become kind of like a new
person but in a good way
while still retaining all of my
qualities from before that I like and
just generally being a better person and
right now I have never been more sure of
what I want I just want to do everything
so if you see something on my channel
that's kind of like I'm Kara just don't
question it just understand that's what
Kara wanted to do that day just let it
happen
and refresh it a few times and click
some ads and thumbs up and leave a
comment
feeding me ego just lied to me basically
I don't understand anything but that's
okay because the moral of this story
is to kind of it's okay to not
understand anything at all ever as long
as you're making money and getting
bitches both of which I'm doing Nouveau
of right now so by my merch I also hope
I've stretched its video out over ten
minutes and yeah thanks I guess I have
some blood on my foot for some reason
I'm not sure where it's come from so I'm
probably gonna try and figure out what
region of my body is bleeding I hope
it's not my vagina
I hope it's hanging so great in your
hood thanks to these people on the
screen right now goodbye my match it's
been slowed down it's so nice that you
guys like support all of my endeavors
yeah I guess don't 420 too much don't do
drugs although I'm I'm not gonna tell
you what to do if your life you can
honestly do what you want goodbye that's
weird
you
