are you badging
what's good hi what scooty how's it
hanging in the hood what's good bro so I
guess I feel like long time no see maybe
not for you because you know I upload
then I don't film when it upload and
then it's just like Oh time travel is
real okay beam I recently school started
so I've been really consumed recently
with being at school and like thinking
about how much I don't want to be at
school how it literally won't be
anywhere else right now that's what's up
but decided I hate it's quite also don't
care so this is my life I thought I have
another story time in a while I haven't
talked about my life in a while or I
haven't complained about something in a
while which is really where they're
really out of character that I've been
so positive and optimistic about
everything so let's put a downer on it
and talk to you about my life if there's
someone you can count on to make
something negative it's me subscribe bye
my mark on the subject of March I should
probably wear my much in a video
shouldn't I let me promote it hold on
flexing it I feel you have shouts it's
really far away now because I want to
flex my mercy you should totally go and
buy teespring calm such care Bridget I
don't that's definitely not my link I
don't know what it is
got it such a professional Logan comes a
shot but thank you to these people for
buy my match and give me some dollar god
I'm so shallow send a picture of it's me
on Twitter or Instagram your
confirmation or whatever and well you
might get to be here not oh that's much
more privileged I don't know is it I
don't really care and if you would like
easy access to one of my links you can
buy this t-shirt it's my favorite one
it's really comfy I think it's a mental
add in my anyway I'm done promotion you
don't want us anymore I feel like they
couldn't possibly get more narcissistic
and self-centered if I tried so wearing
my own merch and a video kind of just
heightens that and that is not the
impression I want to be giving you off
to children until I can actually afford
to give off that impression yes I very
much
I guess people have had a lot of
questions about my life recently not as
much to question I don't really know I
don't absorb anything I'm going to try
answer some of those questions so I was
like what's up dog has the hanging fam
on Instagram and on Twitter and all the
various places I was like yo ask me some
questions and I guess you did so I'm
gonna try to answer them now yay and all
of these questions are the same thing
right
where do you see yourself this time next
year I see myself in a house a lot more
expensive of a really nice car outside
with a really attractive few males in
various rooms of the house doing various
tasks a lot of jobs but hypoallergenic
dogs
I see me dropping rice gums dog
distractors talking about how ballin i
am every single day I also see me
sleeping and dreaming about that because
that's not gonna happen
who's your favorite youtuber um usually
I would say myself because it really
helps to love yourself hmm however right
now I've been kind of slacking so I'm
gonna have to go with keemstar baby
Arielle and Nick Compton if you wrote a
book what would it be about
okay genuine answer I have been thinking
about this so much so a lot of youtubers
write books something that I'll probably
never get to do because I don't ever
make anyone that much money but if I was
to ever write a book I would write a
book about means evaluating individual
means different types of social media
types of memes different kind of like
fonts and like emojis and like bitches
and just assessing everything and the
powerfulness of the meme and the viral
nurse of the mean and it'd just be like
encyclopedia or memes going so in depth
into memes I could talk about memes and
different variations of memes all day I
am such an expert when did you find out
you're so sexy and perfect right now
when you just told me thank you very
much teehee thanks for boosting my ego
just kidding I always knew what's your
favorite meme I mean my favorite mean
has to be the Doge meme because you
can't go wrong with a good Doge like he
fits into every single context like
someone could say something like hey
Kara I want to kill myself oh wow please
no die this cool hotline describe your
first kiss
let me demonstrate it does I get the
point across
phones the first time you realized you
had fans and probably the first time
someone made an Instagram account called
care Bridget fan page maybe I don't know
that that seems to shout fans to me do
you know the Dolan twins I know the
Dolan twins that a don't rings don't
know me what are you going to do with
your life
these don't ask me questions like that
honestly I'm just pretty convinced the
world's ending soon so I'm just kind of
going with it if you had to date a
youtuber who would it be and why um he
was a good social blade just getting
know myself I loved me too much
what's the cringes post used to do for
selfies horribly this cba with myself is
it called a pilot episode because it's
the first time it gets put on air are
you okay yeah yeah I'm doing fine yeah
I'm doing fine
don't send help or anything no I'm great
if you go back to the past what's the
one thing you would change I don't know
they probably Hitler or something do you
play that wait now you mean my life
never mind um probably like spending a
lot of money on things I don't need like
favorite song right now people keep
asking me for my taste in music my taste
in music has literally changed so much
recently I used to be so emo or they
used to listen to it was like Fall Out
Boy and Panic at the Disco twenty one
pilots and like however as of late I
have been evolving to a more trendy hip
person look my clothes have holes in
them apparently that means it's more
expensive I don't know
so my music phase has evolved it has
gone from emo to diss track to now
really inappropriate songs about sex for
example well the weekend you officially
did your job I am I am quite literally
dripping would have to be moist free
from no no smash or past team six
athlete me smash secondly call me pass
he's too old for me definitely Jacob
pass he's too tall for me Ben pass he's
Janice's brother
and thirdly Spencer smash just because
that makes people angry I would never
and then moving on to the question
everyone was really awesome - are you
Burgess why is everyone so obsessed with
knowing that every time I'm like hey I'm
doing Q&A everyone's like oh you go Jim
I'm like oh you mind your business
I mean I could lie you know what I'm not
going to answer that question because I
can use it for my clickbait in the
future thanks for that yeah so I'm very
moist and I feel like you need to go and
get on moist but that has been the end
of this video if you didn't know I am
returning to a regular Wednesday and
Saturday uploading schedule and I'm also
trying to vlog a lot more people really
like my folks people really like to see
me of my friends and people care about
my life a lot and it's also a really
good way to get a CPM up so I would be
doing that very excited very latest you
don't see what I can do probably not
that much and yeah like you'd be
attracted to that you should definitely
subscribe to my channel there's like a
whole free people subscribe to me right
now it feels really great I'm loving
this life of Fame luxury money and
bitches leave a like on this video if
you liked it I'm gonna tell you what to
do with your life but it would be cool
let's set a light go of 69 million likes
because you can go now it's fine bye
you
