what hi
welcome back to a long awaited
installment of how to be hot when you're
not before I get into video I would like
to just say I release submerge yeah
that's crazy Kyra did something that
wasn't just doing the bare minimum for
one I don't have any with me right now
however I'll put some variations of it
up on the screen and thanks for watching
and thanks for buying my merch to these
people here if you bought my merch and
sent me a picture of the confirmation of
them buying my match and giving me money
so one day maybe I can have like
something mediocre ly expensive to show
off them to sex you know link down there
and go and get some so I stopped doing
actual like serious videos and more like
makeup parody videos like you know some
videos you could probably go and watch
they're probably linked in the
description because I don't want my
child to become a beauty guru channel
also I don't think anyone in their right
mind should take Beauty advice from me I
also stopped wearing a ton of makeup a
while ago why waste a few teenagers I
probably have left having really great
skin by covering it up with stuff that
just makes my skin worse I don't know
didn't really make much sense to me so I
cut back you can see on my Instagram
Acura Bridget which you can follow here
people always ask me like you need to do
a tutorial on this and I'm like yeah do
like I just kind of put stuff on my face
until it what and it never really looks
like great up close it just kind of
looks from afar oh yeah I guess this is
where we get started one thing that
hasn't really cause been like
experimenting with colors to see what
looks good with my new hair which is
probably gonna go back blonde sometime
soon like it first day I'm gonna put
foundation on my face which I've been
using the Rimmel thing yeah and I used
to use the Giorgio Armani luminous silk
one but I've stopped spending a lot of
money on makeup because I don't really
see the point anymore and put it on my
hand and I be bothered to go and dampen
it no I can't and then I just kind of
lightly got it on my face yeah oh great
makeup video job job do you think anemic
people get bruises from Beauty blending
that would be funny like just doing your
makeup and then your face is just a
bruise yay
skin coverage I
only used about like one millimeter
square of that what let's just say next
is concealer because no matter how much
I have faith in my skin I will never
have faith in my sleep schedule
I used a Remo instant anti age rewind
thing you know that thing everyone knows
what this is this is the best thing in
the whole world I never used to be able
to settle on one thing
they definitely like I have settled on
this this is like my fifth little tube
of this you know why it's a fifth should
be the fourth but at mini t25 oh yeah
that bitch she stole it as she took it
to Magaluf and she put it on her drunk
under eye bags and I still haven't got
it back and it's probably with her right
now Millie want in back yeah so so I
just kind of like put it under my eyes
Wow doesn't that look great
yay stay hydrated kids so I have like
very minimal makeup on right now like
this isn't really much they asked for I
don't really know what I'm saying or
doing you need to go away don't come in
so next I'm going to lightly powder my
face with this even though my face
doesn't really need that much powdering
she's kind of dry already but whatever
what
no I'm do it now shoosh yeah
shoosh yes shoosh shoosh and then we're
gonna use hoola by benefit to make my
face look more of a brown color now I
really don't get the hype around this
people talk about this like they just
literally want to eat it out like they
just want to let Daddy and I don't get
it like it just I don't know I mean it's
good it's not amazing I just feel like
it gets kind of muddy on my face
probably just something I'm doing wrong
it's probably great but like I'm only
putting a little bit on because very -
is just like a very light like makeup
tutorial
I don't really power on the camera
because I've got my lights on wait I am
like a bit darker than that without the
lights should I leave the lights off I
think that looks better honestly thank
next is eyes so I'm gonna do my eyebrows
now yeah another thing I think is
incredibly Overeaters that Anastasio dip
brow thing even though I'm probably just
doing something
like you saw you it's me I just kind of
do that I don't do a ton anymore I don't
like completely reshape my eyebrows or
anything but I have to fill them in
quite a bit now because what I've dyed
my hair like my eyebrows are
significantly lighter than my hair color
and it just looks weird if I leave them
natural you can tell that like you know
I you know I mean I feel like the
mistake a lot of people make when they
dye their hair dark and it looks like
fake is because they don't make their
eyebrows much and it just makes it
obvious you know I mean because most
people with really dark hair have really
dark eyebrows
really not being very funny today I'm I
know well someone decides to cut their
grass outside this really annoying I
honestly I have the loudest neighbors in
the world that they're really like
inconsiderate sound wise and it's really
annoying
oh I hate it so much idk oh the things
that makeup can do if I don't end up
dying my hair lighter I'm gonna get my
eyebrows tinted so I don't have to do
this all the time now my battery is
running low my gosh I probably need to
hurry up I don't know how long that's
gonna beep on the battery for so I'll
just keep going into her dies next I'm
gonna take this which is a bronzer which
I swore I hated but then I decided I
liked it again I'm gonna dip this brush
into it and then I'm just gonna yeah
that's it less is more and then some
underneath as well yeah then I'm gonna
use this I don't even know what it's
called
Maybelline Great Lash big and I'm gonna
put it on my eyelashes and I posted this
picture on Instagram you're saying
everyone was like woah what was on your
lip so I'm gonna show you right now and
we use a lipstick assistants by Mac and
I'm just gonna put on my lips you know
as you do with lipstick I also stopped
over lining my lips finally like
definitely because I just realize how
stupid I look and then I use this ariana
grande matte lip gloss I'm pretty sure
it's it this isn't mine and I sent it to
actually every group chat friends I had
saying is this yours might be yours
merely actually okay it's revenge for
taking my concealer but I love it if it
is yours you're probably not gonna get
it back
i sterilized it and then I put that over
the top and that is it I mean I probably
do something with my hair as well
actually no it won't - I ever do
anything of my hair wait
oh my gosh how did I forget oh this is
it this is my face this is probably what
you're gonna get it looks alright
I guess I'm probably gonna go take
yourself you know I'm Way more tanned in
person I don't understand why I look so
okay let me turn down the exposure yeah
this is my face this is how it looks um
it's alright I guess do what you got to
do yeah
subscribe thank you for buying my much
to the people doubled my March you
should really go and buy very much its
link below um it's really great have a
look at it
thanks for subscribing subscribe to ten
years good luck go follow me on
Instagram and Twitter and snapchat
really cool things over there you'd like
definitely should follow me on Instagram
Twitter and snapchat loli definitely
yeah it's coochie in the hood I hope so
it's probably not I'm gonna have a
mental breakdown really soon have a
great day or don't I'm not gonna tell
you what to do if your life bye
you
