hi Jesus your video hi
so it's TCC day today I know you don't
want some big long boring intro if
you've clicked on this you clicked on
this for a reason I'll do some like
explanation in the description of what G
says he's awful like my American
audience because I know that they're
like you know a lot of you are but I
know you just want to get into it you
just want to know why I got so I'm more
and I'm actually gonna show this like
that I do have to have a disclaim before
you watch this everyone has their own
personal standards if you are not the
kind of person that can fully like
understand that someone may not be happy
with something that you are happy with
then whatever like get out like by for
example I would be very happy with a C
in German I would be more than pleased
to have passed German and to actually
have that GCSE I put no F in the whole
year I've been terrible at German since
year 7 I remember my end of year 7
German tests they hopefully free out of
30 or something ridiculously bad and I
was in set for for like a year
sit in my brain and I understand it I
can't even Li introduce myself in German
like it's that bad I've been doing it
for five years so passed in German to me
would mean a lot and I know a lot of
people feel the same way about a lot of
their other subjects however I have been
put under a lot of pressure probably in
my whole life about like how important
education is and my mother and my
parents have spent a lot of money in
tutors over the years I kind of go to a
private Scottish go to Ricky estate
school but um yeah but I'd be happy to
see in German for example but if say I
call it can be even maybe an A in like a
science because I was like my strongest
subject I really wanted so I don't know
forget it
I might not um I don't know how hard it
is to get it everyone has their own
standards cuz everyone is good at
different things some people are good at
school some people aren't it's not a big
deal like I want good grades you might
think of grades or something else I'm
not judging you for that I don't care
what great you want no one's thinking
about you today everyone is in Kiev
happens at house
fake that I don't know what I got to my
mother's like a banker hi I'm editing I
just realized I said that I have to fake
that I don't know what my results are
when I get in the car to my mother so I
can prank her and I planned on pranking
my mother I will leave I'm leaving since
I just think it's kind of funny I don't
have nothing on the car I can't on Punky
hub with fake GCSE results like really
bad ones I'm seeing how she reacts and I
like gave myself an A in German because
you know how bad I am at gentleman like
I gave myself like beads and stuff
because my mother's like very like have
you seen the means it's like if you have
Asian parents you will know that if you
get less and they start and you're
getting shipped off to like some
third-world country somewhere to work on
farming have you seen that means yeah
well that's how I so I feel like my
mother is born on the wrong continent
like she's very stereotypically Asian
parent when it comes to grades so the
grades I put on the fake GCSE sheet what
that disappointing like so most people
they would have been like okay that's
fine but for her like that would have
been quite disappointing see yeah I was
planning on pranking her but then the
actual results I got one
for the prank so it didn't I i scrapped
that yeah anyway watch it
you don't stay that way yeah get a
concept of an envelope sir
Oh
okay
good
I got the six and months an A in
geography and AM biology in the end
chemistry
a B in physics a C and gentlemen I see
in further maths a scene of six in
English language a knight in English lip
and a mystery an ARS is that good for
your options you gotta sleep yeah huh
you gotta slip you're enrolled gonna
yeah what she was blue mom was brewing
so I just got home I am for lack of
better phrase like I fucked it like I
said earlier what I may perceive to be a
bad grade may be a very good grade
somewhere else but I was honestly
expecting a lot more um my mother was
expecting a lot more my dad was quite
proud of me so if you're gonna get
triggered if I say that I think like in
a and something's bad for example get
out like this is my personal space
and this is my channel this is my bubble
and I have the right to be disappointed
about anything I want so if you're
triggered
gtfo go be salty somewhere else take a C
and leave that's good
Oh God amass I got a six now I had a
math tutor and he came like three times
a week at one point right near my exams
so I'm a bit confused a bit disappointed
about that and I wanted to do maths
a-level but okay a six it's kind of like
a really hot like high B I think there's
a new system I don't know correct me if
I'm wrong in geography I got an A before
I get any star in biology on a
chemistry on a what the hell I'm very
bad at chemistry and if you want me to
break it down more so for geography in
the first paper I got a star in the
second paper I got an a star in the
third paper I got an A and in my
assessment I've got a some reason that
averaged out to an a little bit
disappointed I feel like a couple more
points would have been a star
whatever build a bridge GTF over and
biology I want a and I got that because
I got an A in paper one and a an A in
paper two and a star in paper 3 and in
the I so the assessment I got an a star
and in chemistry in paper one for
chemistry I got an A in paper two for
chemistry corby in paper free chemistry
on a star and in the chemistry
assessment I want a star and in physics
overall I got a B which I was very
shocked about because I want to do
physics a level and physics was my best
science like I'd been doing consistently
really good at physics so I don't know
what happened um so in physics paper one
egg or B in paper chewing on a in paper
free or C and in the assessment like 1/8
star I don't know if it's an X in German
I got C very proud of that didn't think
I would do that this is this is
hilarious honestly I don't know how the
hell it managed to round out to the sea
somehow it did um so in German unit 1
paper which was a foundation paper I got
an e in German unit 2 paper got a deke
in German unit free which was even
speaking or listening I think no I think
it's a writing actually I got a C and
then German unit 4 which i think is
speaking I got be somehow that managed
to round up to see overall I also did
further maths that was like a last
minute thing I really wasn't up for it I
just kind of showed up did what I could
left and in that I got C really didn't
think that was gonna happen
this is one it's the one I'm like
actually quite disappointed with in
English
angrily or six I don't know I don't know
English niche too though I or nine
that's a bit wild nines like very rare
like not many people get nines like at
all and so I was like kind of shocked
but I didn't really think I was that
great at English I was always better
like maths and like science and like
stuff like you know I mean so yeah I'm
really shocked by that thanks mister
broth dactylic diameter I know what that
is now and in history like on a and here
it says in so in paper one I got a star
and paper to work on a star but in my
assessment I got D I think that's wrong
I'm getting it sent off to get remarks I
think I deserve an A so overall in
history because my leg was broken when I
have to do the history assessment so I
didn't actually get to go on the trip to
like do it and my teachers sat there and
they have to like teach it to me like
myself and they walked me through it and
if they've failed to like teach me the
correct thing due to a disability that I
had at the time that is like a hundred
percent on them like I was completely
reliant on teachers to tell me what I
needed to do they checked for it they
said it seems good and they know the
kind of grades that I'm expected to get
I don't think they would have let me
submit a d great piece of writing and I
know for a fact it wasn't yeah anyway
I'm sending off to get that one remarked
don't worry not it really matters I
don't care and in our eslate religious
studies I got an A
yeah I am disappointed I know I
shouldn't be disappointed so overall
I've got one two three four five five
A's won nine which is like an a star
star one b16 which is like your B ish
and two seas but I don't really count
German or third maths because why would
I see yeah I mean I'm disappointed very
actually and I guess I shouldn't be
those are like very above-average
results and I know so many people would
be really happy together like I
completely understand that I was just
expecting more I messed around at school
like if you're watching this you're in
likea right now you're just thinking oh
it doesn't really matter like it doesn't
matter
year 11 that's exactly why did I know
you won't listen to me because everyone
said the same thing to me and I didn't
process it and I fall over like shut up
there's no point me saying it if you are
smart and capable like I have like I
have always been I've been capable of
getting like straight-a stars like I
have that capability I have the mental
capacity to do that but I just messed
around like I've been so bad in school I
don't know if you've seen the video
storytime link below because apparently
YouTube's gonna ask me my job now
because I just flopped school I bought a
dog into school I used to get kicked out
of lessons all the time for being
disruptive I've been I never got into
like huge amounts of trouble but I would
like what after my leg was broken
like I would turn up to my lessons 20
minutes late and my teachers asked why I
was late and I said oh my leg was
hurting sorry it had to take a break and
really I was just sitting in the woods I
messed around at school I I'm pretty
sure I have some kind of diagnosable
ADHD which doesn't allow me to
concentrate I'm not gonna blame it on
anything else other than firstly missing
six months of school due to breaking my
leg and my school being so incompetent
and not willing to help me and also due
to just me probably not putting as much
effort as I could yeah so don't be like
me essentially I'm disappointed by those
grades but then again I don't really
care fine
