hi it's that time again why Kyra has no
makeup on ratchet clothes and a radiator
behind her which you really wish it
wouldn't that ruins the effect where you
know there's some weird makeup video
coming and kind of excited about this
one because they have this concept which
I actually probably don't even think is
my idea I'm sure someone's right before
and I wanted to do a full face of makeup
just using concealer how dang
so before we commence please subscribe
if you have not subscribed already a
foundation user person because numbers
define me and give this video a thumbs
up and if we can get it to like I don't
know 8000 thumbs up I'll do another one
of these videos again or maybe not if
you hate it of your choice follow me on
my social medias they are down here I
don't really have much say to introduce
this video so I'm just going to kind of
get all of us because I'm excited
collection of consumers right here
because if you can't our sleep is quite
literally for the week I never do go
away hi let's tie my hair back I hate
doing that though because I have else is
like I actually belong in Star Trek like
it's not funny
so where I do my makeup I usually start
off with my foundation however I don't
have foundation
I don't know this cheating a lot by have
this sleek palette and it's basically a
contour kit and it's really like ratchet
and cheap because I really best much in
makeup like this be real and it has like
lots of different shades and there's
basically the same consistency is
concealer right I don't know so I'm
going to use it to try and create myself
a foundation color let's go ahead let's
do some matching that is pretty good
close to my skin color that is not that
is not okay we're going to go over this
one I have really dry skin it's kind of
gross I've been doing this thing
recently where I love on my face top of
coconut oil before to any makeup on and
it kind of just makes everything slide
around and it kind of stops it from
going like inside of my face I think
anyway and it's cruxit from being or
like looking like my skin is made of
sandpaper like literal sandpaper
yeah especially like the crevices the
crevices the crevices not seriously put
it down there now I guess we can get
started I'm using this color right here
you want to see the time machines I
always find it really interesting when
you see a mirror and see like behind the
scenes this really ratchet and then I
guess you rub it in I mean it doesn't
look terrible but doesn't really look
like much happen you can work with that
ignore my needles they're very gross
right now I mean not always grosser or
they killed my nails but I never do
anything to fix it a little kind of
person that could wear acrylic nails
like I'm not very good with my hands as
it is I have very little hand-eye
coordination and it's like that would
only get worse with acrylic nails I get
nervous a lot about stuff so I bite my
nails quite a bit so yeah they're never
really in great condition I feel like I
might have to put on another layer
though because this isn't very like it's
not really covering anything I mean
actually it kind of is you know what I
don't hate this don't hate it at all
this actually looks quite dank okay I
mean next we're going to use actual
concealer for under my eyes to like you
know conceal and
tutoring this is a full face of
concealer and probably going to go all
out on concealer just for the fancy is
just a lot of you love being a beauty
guru because I have very intense
under-eye thing I think partly its
genetic and partly it's because I just
never sleep or stay hydrated or do any
of those basic human beings are expected
to do in a minute you were born I really
have no idea how to make this like a fun
entertaining video would you even say it
concealer is so important I should
really just call this full face of
covering up my insecurities I think my
audience could relate a lot more to that
next we definitely get a contour because
I mean why not these don't really have
the consistency of contour things not
that I would know this is the only one
of those one happiness right the
people's hands like makeup artist hands
not ever hurt from just doing that all
day if your makeup artist comment down
below how do you ever got repetitive
strain injury Wow well well well well
next we are going to contour our nose
like so now I really don't like my nose
every time I can't anus and I really
want to know short which I do everyone's
always like Carol I got such a bad idea
like you have a nice nose like it's cute
in pictures it's so bad like in real
life is fine I don't hate goods a normal
nose I don't know why impeaches my nose
is just terrible I'm going to highlight
that some from lots of fun now there is
really light shade in this thing and
it's way too light for my skin Maisie
yeah I'm going to put it in the places
that you generally highlight things and
see what happens okay
most Charmin invented like dallisa
concealer do it hate it I don't which is
weird because I thought I hate it I hate
lot of stuff well now I hate too strong
work I'd say that I'm thoroughly
discontent with the outcome of voices my
endeavors you can quote me on that
let's do some highlight in the in
accordance to yeh I don't know if this
is cheating or not I'm going to powder
my face but I'm just power drying out
I'm just powdering it to mark the point
like where we've solved because
otherwise stuffs going to get blend in
with other stuff dynasty blend blend if
I want blend blend blend it blend
next we're going to take a risk and do
my eyebrows again I'm going to go back
to this really dark color here put my
eyebrow brush in and see what happens
probably nothing great oh my gosh Wow
why am i impressed I feel like you
shouldn't be impressed by this Irene is
totally the wrong shade and way too warm
for my newfound hair color however I
don't hate it doesn't matter hater is if
I still like eyebrow places could learn
a lot from this because this like
consistency in the way this kind of
guides almost that buttery texture I
just used like ten thousand words of
beauty gurus use I've also found I've
been losing interest in new Tube videos
a lot faster recently so I've been
watching it on like 1.25 times speed you
can watch more care videos in one day
yeah next we're going to try it I shadow
now I'm going to use a really light
concealer and like create a base of lips
next I'm going to powder over my eye
which is actually probably a really bad
idea because you couldn't put houses
over creams which is why I learnt
recently but we'll work with it next
time I show brush I don't care about the
world being moles I'm going to whip open
this palette once more and create some
kind of smoky eyes so I'm going to put
this is like my crease
okay then I'm going to be and just use
my fingers I mean especially not too bad
like if I had to leave the house which
doesn't happen very often I wouldn't be
feeling too insecure about this you know
I mean you know when you go out from
things like off with your outfit or your
makeup and kind of insecure about it
late all day which is me every day so
next I'm going to put some kind of like
you know right here and not shut my eyes
and dab it so cute little hombre that's
quite cute next is probably where I
really messed it up and reverse all of
the hard work I'm going to try and do
eyeliner with brown concealer I don't
know how to do eyeliner even one isn't
concealer like I don't know how to it
when it's actual eyeliner so I don't
know why for this is gonna work the
level
I mean now but okay I guess we could
just clean that up using a bit of trusty
concealer oh I didn't realize that my
dad sent me over as well okay okay so
I'm not actually that bad at eyeliner
it's just the fact that I can never get
them pointing in the same direction also
my eyelids are really small so if I do
it just basically makes it look like I
have no eyelids it's not terrible let's
put it that way
maybe I'll just be kind to myself and
blend in yep
much better okay that's fine what's next
I guess next time gives you mascara I
don't know how
so I have this old like eyebrow thing
which I kept for some reason and I still
have like the brush and I'm gonna dip
this into my darkest shade um I mean
it's kind of doing reverse effect but
okay so this one's already coated let's
do our eyebrows over on it okay we're
missing one thing however and that is
lips now I think I'm gonna go for like
an ombre things and what I'm going to do
is I'm going to coat my lips in this
concealer I mean this isn't too shocking
because this was basically everyone in
2008 I mean if you were eight years old
and didn't try to leave your house with
your lips absolutely covered in
concealer and your mother told you to go
and wipe it off you look ridiculous then
you haven't lived only 2,000 kids who
are understand I mean okay so you kind
of played the system here it's kind of
like a trick because that's obviously
not my real lip color but it could be a
pale pink yeah good and then I'm going
to get my dark shade again I'm gonna
line my lips nothing and pattern and
numbering it out into the corner and I
mean there you go so this is the
finished look
it's quite disgusting honestly like it
is it's not cute I don't even know how
I'm gonna click make this I mean this
was it I mean truth like honestly like
okay here well done hey Siri read me my
last text yeah thanks for watching
everyone if you did watch and thank you
for like being here and you know taking
on an ad on your way out and subscribing
um
to these people for watching there's two
functioning human being it was really
nice of you to engage with me on my
social medias new can be next week shout
out to if you engage with me on my
social medias and it really know Elsa
say
you
