I feel the biggest thought ever hit me
in the back of the head she went there
this bitch went there she went all the
way there and you know I she tried to
love him so that was this
hi I'm outside thus the snow but you'd
never fall you'd either day or you fall
right just kidding
the senior is some dramatic effect and
dramatic effect on me I don't want to be
here is raining but that me it's lightly
showering can't handle it anyway so to
make my overhype story more entertaining
you'll see as I spider on my phone I'm
out hi I'm Kara and I'm inside yeah
what's new but anyway now I'm inside and
away from all of the dark beings left
arms story now firstly I just want to
press for something I haven't told a
story on my channel for a little while
and yeah there are a couple of reasons
for that number one being if I told most
of my stories you know like the good
ones I'm going to either get beaten up
expelled or kicked out and YouTube in
quite paying me enough yet for me to be
able to risk that by the way while we're
on the subject YouTube please be
monetized me I've still got my Disney
contracts I don't we'll get on to that
reason to being the 69% of story times
on YouTube nowadays are like really fake
sorry times are like really cute for a
while what the kids want is it's what we
were down with it's what we were getting
relate to then the pre-apocalyptic age
of 2k 17 watched any storytime closely
inspect it and you will find a pothole
and you could argue who cares of its
fake it's entertainment and so that I
see this do you remember when you were a
kid and you found out wrestling wasn't
real yeah well I do and you know what
it's just not fun to watch anymore
knowing that they aren't in crippling
pain hello I'm sick there's a word for
that actually yeah well that's how I
feel about story times through even
kidney anymore yes story may not be all
that but maybe we'll get a laugh at my
pain they asked me my orange there that
you're fine there now so first let me
take you outside this must be Jesus you
may be thinking Cara this is just the
tree and yet it would be right it's just
a tree and this is worth species number
two that me so yeah story time time so
there's this bitch she lives in my bush
like my tree it's not really a tree is
it those kind of water but she lives in
my non pubic bush and one day she
decided to invite her man's over into
said bush a bush her home and her Pikul
and they decided to get down and dirty
and said bush one day and you know what
happens on birds of sex they have babies
or nothing they lay eggs and you know
what happens when
eggs hatch kicks come out this bitch was
raising her family in my first sorry
better get out density but you know
animals are cute baby birds are cute
especially when they can't fly you know
they're all vulnerable and susceptible
to attack and you can just pick them up
and scruff them around and it depends on
you I like my pilot when they're you
know I mean so I decided yet I cannot be
a bitch I'll let them live out their
data and you know what one day the
chicks grew up they learn how to fly and
then they were gone the end what
followed it bit was done I was sitting
outside one day yes I was outside see
and all of a sudden I heard some
familiar squawking now I have really old
neighbors for I thought for a second it
might be them you know like old people
make with sounds but it kept going it
was more than that so our curiosity I
walk up to the bush you know just to
take a look not really expecting much
and she came back for more you know what
I'm going to go in I'm a slut shame this
bird because she's a little hoe I bet
she has everything I bet she has like
bird gonorrhea bird flu anyway I digress
she was back to mall and there were free
baby chicks in that or ugly and cute
looking vulnerable I actually took a
picture and post on Instagram tis kind
of cool you know like follow and look
for yourself right it always plugged in
maverick and you know what they grew up
all normal and stuff basically meaning
they didn't die no and then the time
came to them to leave the nest
i I admire them that is something I will
never do like here's a list of
appliances I still don't know how to use
and what King knows birds learn how to
slight is my sixth restful experience of
my life
so one of my neighbors has this annoying
ugly cat and it's so annoying all it
does is like to sit on the fence or sit
on the shed and it used to sit there and
they intimidate my dog just sit there
and stare at my dog like half you can't
climb a fence you can't get to me and
sure that will just bark at it and make
it so angry and it's just ah but you
know what it decided hey I'm a cat I'm
going to have a snack I'm going to eat
these baby birds one day so I kept
having to be on 24/7 watch out he just
cut away I had to push it off the fence
it was so annoying you can't have my
birds get away by the end of it I was
just a complete nervous wreck and I'm
not even exaggerating like this was
really stressful though on my mind a lot
so one day my dog Sherlock who you can
also follow on Instagram always targets
everyday bro he decided he needed to go
outside to excrete and like empty his
thousand stuff so my mother opens the
back door to take him out because boy
that ain't my job and Sherlock runs
outside lights like a dog in his home in
his environment in his forest and little
did we know there is one last baby bird
sitting on the floor flapping its wings
trying to learn how to fly and it's just
sitting there like well you know
Sherlock's the carnivore he's a dog so
he ran straight for us
he bought yet bit I'm gonna have this
dog today being on what my dog is also a
pussy so the birds you know I notably
survived the only thing the shark has
ever attacked was a rabbit that was
already dead from natural causes however
my mother didn't know that Sherlock was
going to pussy out in this exact moment
because you can never be sure he's very
bipolar for a dog very unpredictable so
she kind of pounces on him to stop him
from attacking the bird and at that
moment that very moment the bird parents
came back and decided we hate this bitch
now
she went near our child so one of them
swoops down from the sky and stop
clawing at her head and it's more
Buzzy's with a heavy and the second one
nosedive - my dog but like I said he's a
pussy key and rescuing anyone hears no
guard dog he ran straight inside he was
out of there and my mother starts to
scream hysterically and this wasn't even
a regular screen because in that moment
she didn't know what was happening that
she didn't know what was on her head I
can't describe the moment but once I
think attacks you from behind you you
know what I mean it was more of a screen
that's like it kind of said it's a kind
of screaming here on like a dark
alleyway words like raises to drug
addicts and angry homeless people that
kind of scream it's a naturally a good
child I am I ran straight outside to be
the light and Savior to find out the
little bitch I mean my mother has been
attacked by a bird and I love to her
because honestly that's hilarious
and she complained how much it hurt like
for a little while by just assumed she
was overreacting and I'm just like if a
bird is a bird Lee what's it going to do
is your eyes intact they still in your
head are you dead
do you have bad disease no okay we're
good let's live life and don't touch the
baby birds anymore anyway yeah life
moves on at the end
just kidding ain't done yet we haven't
even gotten to the worst part yet we
haven't even got to the climax of the
story she comes back for more
she had four eggs four more chicks and
it happens again
and you think air carrier probably
overreacting quite a lot now by not
overreacting
this has weighed on my life so much you
have no idea it was so stressful
I love animals a lot and I want to care
for all of them I don't want them to get
even my ugly cat I don't want them to
die I want them to all I have to find
eat big nutritious one and be happy and
carry on their species and reproduce
survival of the fittest
the mother and father bird have gone a
bit fatter this pushing that's all a bit
of way and then ants in the bush is
starting to give way and also bear in
mind they've never laid Forex before it
was either two or three this was the
largest selection of baby birds that
they've ever had so at some point
they're religious
six birds in the nest and these chicks
they grow up so fast and they get big so
fast those is free obese needs to be
kind of maybe put on dialysis because
they must have some kind of kidney
problem of all the sodium intake they
get from the one through five in the
nutritious soil outside I don't really
know I just said science and school kids
okay they were fat they needed to go to
boot camp they needed to go back to MTV
fat camp or whatever it's called they
need to take some diet tips from the
skinny Sparrow the current that they
live in the roof and then next just
couldn't take it anymore
it couldn't and you know it was sad it
was really sad so after some time the
nest begin to tilt the nest started off
like this and then it kind of started
slowly you know going this way inside of
the bush and you know what happens
imagine if your house started slanting
yeah you start starting - until one day
you fall out of your house and die maybe
and one day one of the chicks falls out
of the nest because it's so like you
lopsided and like disgusting and so you
know I think okay well you shouldn't
really touch birds because
it makes your human scent on them and
then the birds like I don't like this
human scent you know racism exactly we
need to fix that but I thought you know
if I leave it there it's just going to
die and it seemed like fine like it
wasn't broken so I picked up the burning
really quickly just like shoved it back
in the nest and then the bird does fall
another time and we think okay well yeah
we kind of have to fix it now we can't
just leave it we can't just keep letting
them fall out because they're gonna hurt
themselves and they're only like five
feet up you know it's not like massive
weather but like if Gucci like they're
not going to die birds are very
malleable so we go outside and we think
okay we're going to fix the birds we get
some like bamboo sticks and we couldn't
under the nests and prop it up and it's
all like fine line engineer Kiera and
the nest is fine until one day bird
falls out again
so at this point I'm obviously a bit
concerned like hey why are they falling
out so when I put all of this effort
into fixing their nest like you're so
ungrateful so I go okay yeah whatever
sure I'm going to rescue the bird once
again and at this point the bird has
gotten fatter like it looked like a
regular bird but just like small you
know I mean it was a developed chick it
hit puberty it went that it has its
cubed and so as I go and I bend down to
pick it up to put it back in the nest I
feel the biggest thought ever hit me in
the back of the head I did I didn't know
what to do I mean what do you do I
thought it was like you know I don't
even know why I thought it was I was so
confused because when something starts
hitting you in the head you don't
automatically jump see oh and I'll see a
bird runs over this child you go into
like fight-or-flight mode yet it's like
mode cos burn I can't describe it and
looking back at that time I think
logically yeah it's probably a bird I
mean this happened before but when you
are being attacked from behind
not like that something happens in your
brain and you freak out when you panic
and I feel like cause in my head and I
feel like stuff on the back of my neck
and I was freaking out and this time
like when it's so slow until I realized
oh it must be the bird and I bolted
inside and this will something like what
five seconds and it felt like a minute
of being attacked and being a pussy I'm
channeling my dog so yeah I hope the
don't come back I think never eating
season might be over I just I really
needed to share this with you because it
was really traumatic and traumatizing
and there really aren't my feelings and
they hate everybody ever but like not
really that kind of cute you know I'm
just actually her they ask you how are
you
they make a fine they are not really
funny you can't get into it
see I guess it's kind of over that see
em this wasn't very climatic but be
careful I didn't know the birds was just
trying to learn how to fly I thought it
was engine I was trying to help it good
boy so yeah that's loads at the end
like for real thanks for watching to
this little snack over here it has been
a pleasure mildly entertaining for the
last however many minutes hopefully more
than 10 minutes so I can put two ice on
it
time make sure you follow all of my
social media and and if you're active
and if you're like cute and whatever you
could be in for chance to be next videos
special shout out and also stay tuned
definitely lit stuff like coming very
soon and just as that if you're coming
to summer in a city in London next month
but that sounds really weird it's only
like ten days away I'm going to be there
for both days you can come and see me
don't expect much I'm very socially
awkward I'm not even that great so human
contacts were like talking to my actual
like friends like people I actually know
who consider themselves like you know on
a deep level with me so don't be weirded
out if I just stutter mumble and run
this has been a pleasure
adios amigos I'm done being extracted
today good bye
