hi my name is Kara if you don't know me
already you probably don't and I am NOT
in team ten and before I start I just
like today's video was inspired by Lucas
Cruikshank
Fred and I'd like to thank him for being
more creative than me but we all know
I'm no stranger to a good old audition
video successful audition videos might I
add and this is my audition to be in
team 10 however Fred
you have had your time to shine you have
if everyone's childhood dream now it's
time for me to live my childhood dream
and that is to be in team two bitches
maverick baby oh wait
okay and when we're not getting off to a
great start but I should probably you
know disclaims and things there are some
problems mine obstacles that you will
need to be aware of that may possibly
affect my participation in King's Head
magic baby girl yeah again I did it
again the first problem is that England
is my city does the proximate leave
5,000 miles away from the team 10 house
and believe me 5,000 miles is a very
long way to social climb and by the end
of my journey yeah sure I'll smell like
Shrek
but after 83.3 days of good old social
climbing at least my body will then
somewhat resemble one of the females
that the ring leader enters however this
guy had no problem and he made it pretty
clear that England is in fact his city
I'm younger and fitter I'm hotter
maybe not hotter he's like a good solid
and I've knocked em yeah anger problem
number two I don't know I don't know
this guy's name I don't know this guy's
name I don't know this guy's name I
don't know this guy's name wait I know
that guy
that's local boy Bablu free is that
daily vlogging probably isn't the life
for me it's hard to find things to vlog
about when you only spend about 42
seconds each day actually doing stuff
and if you stick in zero at the end of
the 42 second long vlog footage that
gives you 420 stay in school kids and
you know who's already done 420
marijuana and david dobrik you can't
just recycle someone else's idea and
claim it as your own
that's like Kylie Jenner or BuzzFeed
level shade right there and on the
subject of BuzzFeed I bring a solution I
spend like the other 23 hours 59 minutes
and 36 seconds in a day worrying about
how I'm not doing the things I'm
supposed to be doing and honestly just
in full-on crisis mode how relatable
it would be like that time someone from
BuzzFeed like blog to their panic attack
and they've got like 6 trillion views
yeah well instead of a free minute
freakout video we could do a 23 hour 59
minute and 36 seconds livestream every
day bro of me stressing out so much
money just me sitting there
contemplating the
of life I feel like this could bring
something new to the table you're all so
self confident you'll believe in
yourself you'll have a lot of money but
for a fact we can call it a 24 hour
livestream because we all know that
lying to viewers is the number one skill
the big social media stars need on the
bright side though now I've laid out my
weaknesses to you with great solutions
I'm going to show you what I would be a
great fit 14 10 and why I want to join
the low caring team that I do it again
look I love you reason number one I love
looking for honestly go away this is
none of your business okay
like honestly just get out of my face oh
my gosh honestly I just seniors jealous
okay whatever and yeah I know he's not
in teen town but a low growling isn't
recruiting right now I mean nearest in
Tampa is a mini and maybe just maybe the
strength of my love towards your beauty
of a biological brother and my contract
that would tie me to Jay Paul will be
enough to reunite the poor barbers once
and for all ambitious I know but believe
me two ripped shirtless guys in the
thumbnail is gonna get a lot more views
than just one I'd know it the next
reason I should be in team 10 is boobs
yes that's right I have boobs I mean
yeah I probably don't have as much as
you'd like but every little helps one
small burst for man one huge titty for
mankind and believe me they are great
for scraping in views on otherwise very
medium videos and when you know you've
put the asset that it takes to microwave
a potato into one of your brilliant
high-quality everyday bro vlogs stick
some kitchen and there you go
brand-new Lambo and fake brownie weather
and be a great asset
I feel like North Korea small and
international embarrassment but Bonilla
so there you go team 10 that's about all
I have to offer please take me away from
this hell I also don't know if I'm being
serious or not if you're new feel free
to subscribe and maybe tomorrow your
crush at Logan pool
may just kiss you I'm such a chain email
otherwise received 10 years bad luck
go on subscribe you wanted my name is
Kara and I wish it was actually
something a little bit more catchy like
Jay I'll get on that give this video a
thumbs up if you'd like to see me in the
teen town house also give this video a
thumbs up if you'd like me to stay the
hell away from there and kicking out on
your way out I'm asking for too much
yeah oh why are you here by my March
just kidding I don't have much yet
today's shout-out goes to my dog and
these are the do people crowd with me I
probably go now let's forget this ever
happened okay bye
