hi so I had been existential crisis last
night and I thought I still have some
pink hair dye left from that one time I
fought haters by my hair pink and so I
did it I'm sorry I didn't record it I
was in too much of crisis not even
trying
however look this is disgusting mrs.
grose this needs to go this needs to be
deleted from the outside and I thought
let's just cut my own hair and I mean I
think I know what I'm doing meaning like
what's one youtube tutorial from
regardless 30 speaks English
yeah and these are my dog scissors 2 for
cutting dog hair I figured we kind of
have similar hair type I'm kind of half
dog try it I guess so the female said
that you have to do this and then you
have to kind of like help diaconal me
why am i doing it when we're doing this
when we're doing this when we're doing
this okay hmm works went off
why don't working what they stopped
cutting
follows was very good oh I screwed up
and stopped and that's all I'm doing
that thing where you just like you know
a new culture eyebrows and you think
although that has not the same as I have
I'm going to keep going no this side
going to be even unless I suck I will do
that okay there are people pants and
like you I call you these people
okay so whilst that happen to scraps
over what do you think a through z not
that bad I'm actually quite proud of
myself
can you sit for this alone it's hair I
mean it grows back right right okay L
responds I think now I'm going to do is
I'm gonna do my makeup too much - more
time you can come so I went down Rhonda
to ask the opinion of other specimen on
my hair I received that it's incredibly
trashy disgusting needs death and also
that my cutting job wasn't as good
they Rock reporter shopper yeah it's not
good it's not good at all we're going to
work with it until I get it fixed later
and I'm still gonna do my makeup too
much so I thought what a better way to
deal with this engine I just like doing
my makeup to match my new Falcon care
this isn't look very pink killer I'm not
sure why so I'm going to apply some more
concealer under my eyes with this Rimmel
wake me up foundation foundation
concealer
honestly I'm a beauty go I really
know I'm doing Tai Chi kill me I feel
like I'm having such as Britney is
monumentally Britney Spears who
existential crisis who 2012 dinosaur on
fire who are not really life you need
powder so don't really need to add more
ash to my face I'm just going to do
because that's what Jeffrey star told me
to do oh yeah and I have this massive
mouth on my head only you can hear okay
it really don't like I'm
over-exaggerating for Miss malotte bitch
it's like oh my god I have a fit one my
face is like really clear actually no I
am a bitch but like it's actually very
large you just can't see it oh come on
which is something line containing about
that here I'll do I guess next up I'm
going to get you so absolutely shook if
make my eyebrows pink doesn't amusing
Anastasia Beverly Hills brow Coulomb in
the shade soft brown to make my eyebrows
look a lot more round
I have to just make these look as much
Oh these these are my real eyebrows as
possible next I'm going to get this NYX
lip liner those pink and put in there
okay
this is a bit wild i'm lucky living for
it never said that before I mean okay
well I'll take you tiger next we're
going to use the NYX lip lingerie in the
shade exotic to put on my lips I
remember this used to be my iconic lip
color back in the day back in the old
days before I was like a total celebrity
which was obviously like ten thousand
years ago because I was always famous be
wasted by this because of me and a
socially awkward well I was used to open
line minutes like crazy
until I realized well here are those fat
sausage lips of yours really don't need
to be any bigger cut you next I'm going
to make my eyelids piece I'm going to
use this palette and then going to use
come okay that's not that color but have
a different color on my brush it hasn't
been washed off okay well that's us a
lot of not bad : I like this what did
everything could you just not work even
this one has the different color of
eyeshadow in a while and I like hashtag
care of these clean your brushes to play
succeed not so 1617 that's sort of
filthy and we're going to go to this
palette and we're going to open it and
we got lots of them various pink shades
on Michaels with the same brush mayor
dryer but this be okay I'm actually kind
of feeling this okay well this is it my
hair is disgusting my face is all very
disgusting everything is just really
quite disgusting come and kill me thank
you insert person I haven't quite
decided yet for watching it's really
greatly watch please continue to watch
my videos I really appreciate it a lot
and subscribe to ten years good luck
I've always have ten years of bad luck I
guess I'm going to leave now all of my
social media is all on the screen and
four cups of seconds just in case a half
on courses heaviness Malcolm pick it up
please
on your way up there were you see
someone that you know and they ask you
how you are you just have to say that
you're fine when you're not really fine
but you just can't get into it because
they would never understand
