hi I hope you feel so stupid that I'm
wearing actually a thing on my face
they're so like such an emo bitch like
dye you most come at myself anyway hi
now I have never been one to stay away
from conspiracy I don't know what the
truth is I don't believe anything maybe
it's because I'm a Libra and I don't
know how to make decisions for myself
yes I like to play my own healthy
personality traits or my star sign
honestly my mother is such a bitch for
conceiving me when she did mother you're
a bitch I hate that home or maybe I'm
just a sociopathic cynic I guess we'll
never know
see I can't even decide on why I can't
decide on things or if you die at myself
however I have compiled a list of quite
possibly the worst conspiracy theories
to ever have seen the internet so add
some basic beauty guru pops up your
recommended trying to tell you that
actually your mother is in fact a cat
for a quick dollar you can set them
straight and if the Philip DeFranco show
has taught me anything is to cite your
sources kids I don't want a scandal they
are all in the description meaning ones
because these are all from one place I
also don't want to get demoralized again
last month discuss I mean honestly
how else do you expect me to feed my
secret 500 children built by the
Egyptians with the help of aliens like
obviously gosh I need money any dad if
you're new make sure to subscribe or
else ten years bad luck because it
validates me gently tap that like button
down below because fast movements freak
me out
thank you for participating low
subscriber Gracie it's really dank of
you to do that and make sure to let me
know what video you would like me to do
next in the comments or in any of my
social medias for a chance to be the
next videos shout out everyone likes
followers let's go the first bad
conspiracy theory that I have just
honestly always hated is that the moon
is a hologram
so some guy decided to spend a few
thousand years staring through a camera
at the moon because you know has nothing
better to do not may I add to take
beautiful photos of our precious space
rock but to have find something unusual
it's already this man is already
incredibly biased in his view that just
everything is fake and everything is out
to get us new pocalypse is not the end
Jesus isn't real and all I have to say
to this man is I don't have hurt you
I don't even keep it on you don't really
dismembered your dog and buried it in
the sand pit but it must have been
really bad for you to want to carry out
a full governmental expose I'll just
show you the video like it's really
weird like that's not what kind of guy
you fly over to a house
you
so I'm filming one night looking for
objects I pan my camera down and the
wave starts this hologram wave I don't
notice it and then it catches up to the
camera and I do notice that I glanced at
the moon but when you're staring at
things you know you don't know whether
it's your eyes or what
and then I notice the second way of
coming and at this point I'm thinking
it's my camera I look up at the moon
again and you know I just don't know
what to think
I saved the clip out I don't delete it I
almost did and I look at it for quite
some time weeks maybe looking it over
and over and I'm realizing that you know
this is not the way a digital camera
malfunctions this is an organic line no
pixelation no shredding of the signal
and it finally dawns on me that the pan
of the camera proves it when i pianned
down and I usually don't shoot this way
I usually stay centered almost always
say standard trying to increase my odds
of catching something unusual but when I
pan down the wave starts on a pan in
front of the wave which catches up to
the camera and that is the proof in the
pudding okay here's my take on it
firstly I don't care if the moon is a
hologram and there is also literally
zero benefit to anyone ever to pretend
that there is a giant floating space
rock when there actually isn't and to
the rest of you conspiracy theorists if
the moon is in fact a hologram why the
hell does a reptilian overlords lives
number two you can't record something on
one camera and then state the it is the
truth and there is nothing else in the
world that is real and you are the only
real person to exist ever if I haven't
donated all of my science textbooks to
Africa then I would read you this word
for word but however sadly I am too much
of the Good Samaritan / philanthropist -
activist fuck or an experiment to be
considered valid in the eyes of science
you must first prove reproducibility
repeatability and have some kind of
controlled variable in the mix you know
sorry good sir but you are faint news
okay the next one is a little out there
I agree that in some sense
possible if you're stupid for me
excessive yoga in gives you a thick rear
and piped kegels you didn't need to add
movement and you know from the yoga
pants me and certain males males do
enjoy females who where you go get
higher and partake in yoga because you
know that booty thick so by partaking in
yoga I'll be generating more milkshake
which will then by default attract more
boys to my yard if you know more time
Jesus doesn't want all the boys to be
hitting me up because I a thick bitch
but mister Lucifer over here on the
other hand he he does he really does oh
he wants me to get it so number one I
betray Jesus and probably don't even
watch the quite honestly for my own deep
personal experience
after an intense session of yoga I
really don't feel like possessing anyone
however I can't speak for anyone else
sorry
and anyway this theory would make
literally every middle-class housewife
Satan yeah sure they're gold diggers
home wreckers and master manipulators
but Satan didn't have to get a husband
review of and do yoga to be hot next
this next one is a very common popular
one I'm sure you've all heard about
however I thought sure if I believe it
or not and it is a conspiracy that all
of the world's leaders of space lizards
okay thirty wine is its I know there's
like a few videos of celebrities
blinking like reptiles and interviews or
like on stage
you
but why do they have to be lizards
chickens have a third eyelid - will
discriminate and also if I decide I'm
going to wake up tomorrow become the
president of Zimbabwe do I become a
lizard do I have to go through some kind
of initiation process you can't just
move into a lizard or its illicit just
like something you're born with and
you're lucky if you are Liz because then
you get to dominate the world like we
need more answers Wow the Illuminati are
really going to lock me after this video
I have literally tried in one video to
reverse all of the work of the basic
beauty gurus hopping on the bandwagon
trying to exploit the Illuminati maybe
I'm a lizard too just maybe I live on
the moon with my reptile friends oh wait
I can't because to learn it off hologram
anyway make sure you subscribe and
engage with my body and all of my social
media it's a cure Bridgette apart from
Instagram like Keira has two A's because
some hosts on my name whatever the end
is nigh
goodbye that rhymed to yourself okay bye
