ow ow bit me
good boy walk cute rabbit that's not
just there initially so many rabbits
here's oh my God look at that rabbit
that rabbit you know you'd be good at
eight how are you hi I've never
introduced you to my family before hi hi
mum how are you doing ah honestly mother
I keep telling you this is why you're
going to get that out
ow ow bit me
it bit me it bit me my hands like okay I
guess son is that you hi
I really missed my boyfriend Wow
nothing's wrong this is the time this is
boyfriend mrs. daddy oh my god it's a no
J Philip
each bite too so fluffy like me you have
to run out and we going to study wrap it
me no don't don't about not my family
you're talking about
oh okay it's gonna eat your noona oh we
need you powerful is come with us hi
now it's the count slipper man hmm
pump life again nice shot the cab still
got my ball oh my god Nick me when they
come on all these animals a
representative me at some stage in my
life this is me right now and I'll find
it for exams oh oh this is me when I
hear dizzy sex the animals actually
reliably why's it so prison know what
you put you know ever be oh I think when
you knows oh damn oh my god oh my god
how do I make an account say that me I
was doing an impression of it this is a
rescue mission get in
so that story I was going to tell you
now of course competent Kira is an avid
chef incompetent Kira doesn't know how
to cook at all incompetent Kira also
doesn't realize that when you heat
things up
take it hot hot things burn Exhibit A
now this is quite disgusting multiple
people have told me that this is so
gross it makes them feel like throwing
up
and it's not that bad on camera it just
looks like I have stomach herpes I don't
know if you've ever had herpes I've
never had herpes I've never even had a
cold sore but I can't imagine that I
really what genital herpes looks like
and I have it on my stomach no offense
if you have actual herpes but like wrap
it up kids this was the day of being
injured so I'm just cooking my stir-fry
I heat up the oil I stick in my stir-fry
oil which is basically just olive oil
but with like garlic in it to make it
like aromatic and foreign and cultured
and stuff I'm not racist and so the
second I throw the onions in it just
sizzles everywhere and bear in mind in
London is like a billion degrees right
now I mean it's basically like two
degrees but it's like a billion degrees
you know what I mean you know I mean I
was naked when this happened and so the
oil popped out of the pan landed on my
stomach and just went it was filthy it
was discussed it was a wick I don't even
want to talk about it so that happened
I'm burn I'm injured take one loss but
before they go away forever Exhibit B I
have really bad allergies I take this
kind of allergy tablet every single day
and it's like really high dosage but it
doesn't make you sleepy and it's like
prescribed like I'm on prescription
medicine like I have a prescription
medicine problem I'll talk with that I
also sometimes take puritan but I try
not to because it makes me just fall
asleep like a just be walking along
today so I was just trying to close it
or just doing a regular tasks like
trying to help the environment by
closing the door and when I close the
door I sneeze and it went something like
this edge can imagine the rest so as I
sneeze my head propels forwards and
lands in the door I don't know if you
can see it but I have a brood don't
worry it's not like I don't have plenty
of forehead where that came from anyway
this has been the end thank you this
person I haven't yet decided for
watching my videos and feel special
because this is the first ever official
video shout highlight ever done and it's
working I mean you guys are just being
like crazy right now it's like wild um
yeah but Saturday's video should be
really lit and England is my city
FS everyday burger boy
