hi today I'm trying something different
wait no I'm not I've done this about ten
thousand and six times so if you haven't
noticed I had kind of theories recently
where I pretend to be in professional
makeup artist and I do things to my face
which are really absurd and quite
disgusting that includes changing my
eyebrows so they look like someone
else's eyebrows who isn't me that just
is really strange and it also includes
changing my whole face to look like
another human being and it also includes
Osseo wanteded today I'm going to try it
I'll make my lip oh that's really bad
right I'm going to make my lip someone
else's so I offer your suggestions on
Twitter and you gave me your suggestions
and now I'm going to put them into
action I don't know if you can tell but
there try to put up some cute little
snazzy fairy lights you know to try and
make it look more professionalism and
more like that just like how I don't
know how to actually set up my camera
this isn't really going to work is this
now successful we're going to start with
the one and only I don't know why you
want and only we're going to start off
with Kylie Jenner's lip because I knew
if I didn't do Hardy Genesis everyone
would be like why did you yokai Jenner's
lips okay okay fine also I bought these
high lip kits I want to show you I went
through all the new Kylie lip kits I got
on my snapchat because I see only place
I ever tend to be like maybe two percent
serious Kylie has a thinner upper lip
but it's kind of wide and it kind of
goes that way and then her bottom lip is
like all the time why don't my mother
get me diagnosed as a child wow that's
going to work isn't there she doesn't
really have like a ditch it's just kind
of like one long fat sausage
like garlic so red oh my
kids where you retain all your people
move back in place and your guns will go
red
now if you drop this thing I know this
because I used to do this
cure this extra every day
okay the shape isn't that bad I'll give
myself that one it's probably terrible
disgusting ship Oh Peter I know how
everything hi I'm just falls on great
point I even notice
okay now we let this dry I probably
never gonna happen
um okay I really don't think Kylie
Jenner wears colors like this I'm going
to adapt it a little bit and make it
more Brown to her like kind of brown
yeah still not working I don't know why
it's not working and connects goes wrong
is it obvious you put idea but maybe
gloss will fix it
Oh care you can use okay moving on
you
okay so my camera died and I've no idea
what I was doing but I guess we're going
to kind of resume like something a
slightly resembles the last video I made
badly did Kylie Jenner just now and so
now we're going to do Trisha Paytas
because I asked you for youtubers as
well as like kind of iconic clips and
she she definitely is one of those the
minions go so various sources have said
that moisturizing your lips prior to
this is a very bad idea because then it
will just make it all slippery and it'll
make the like lines stand out and it
will just make sure it doesn't look real
so they said to cover it a concealer sir
yeah we will know how great I am
covering things with concealer
how completely not like it
Wow in phlebotomy Irene or collabos
like a beauty girl like imaginary
traveling or so whether and she just
like teaches me how to do make please
Theory how to recreate this alone hold
on I mean yeah with this lighting yeah I
don't know lectureship ages wait do I
know go there this is what grows you
should see my setup right now so I have
my ring light my camera that and then I
have a mirror taped to the top of the
ring right you know that video Kiera
Bridget but every time fumes then it
gets faster so it should make one clear
bridge of it every time she failed to
correctly adjust the lighting it gets
faster the next youtuber I'm going to
try or kind of is Aaron now I like Alan
Roth and I really don't wanna patronize
him front of him or hurt his feelings
however he's a boy most boys don't wear
lipstick Aaron Fuller is one of those
boys whom do not wear lipstick therefore
I cannot accurately portray his lips
onto my face with lips therefore the
only option I am left with is okay next
one I've been giving to do is Shane
Dawson and it is going to be a hard one
Shane Dawson is a man who you know most
of the time doesn't like lipstick you
know on purpose I mean I don't know what
he does on the cameras off but anyway
but he has a very different lip shape
and I'm going to try and make it the
same as in the cover of his book I think
that's a cover look anyway I don't know
oh inside the picture
I use very pink manly lips and here
Shane Dawson gosh that's really gonna
work he's in the horn
that's pretty accurate probably not Oh
okay come on you can't let us so good
seeing her back to another conspiracy
theory video how Americans talk without
foaming at the mouth he goes and today
I'm back from another conspiracy theory
video I'm looking tired and bored of
this now finally we're going to do
Angelina Jolie now I don't really know
what to do for her because she has very
you know just like a regular lip shape
but she's what the people wanted why I
discovered with Angelina Jolie is she a
lot of lines in her lip and I guess it's
because she's like old or something you
know like really really small invisible
lines like this you can kind of give it
up you can also tell this isn't working
and I'm never going to be Angelina Jolie
hey got bored so I guess I'm going to
stop if you liked this video make juices
come and subscribe even though you're
probably going to unsubscribe now I
don't care actually you know I do care I
care quite a lot because absence really
really bad right now like revenue so
yeah like actually subscribe and follow
me on my social media because it makes
me more famous and obviously makes me
happy and me to contribute to my
happiness either yeah love you good bye
wait now I have to again good bye kind
of like good actually
what
well good question before I go it is
what it's supposed to look like like
that I drew my eyeball that's awkward
you're bleeding
and people with
