I was a nice kid I take this one hi
you may be wondering right now Wow Kari
you're posting kind of consistently
what's up I'll tell you what's up
I'm getting Paul so I do to buy by the
name of JMX you know pretty famously gas
made a video in which I was the title
the thumbnail and the content - and
honestly I'm flattered and also it would
be a great opportunity to wrap up in
views if you want to saw this I was a
little bit confused of like okay sure
but I watched it and I realized like the
video is actually so great I keep a
funny guy you seem to actually kind of
enjoy me unlike some people who know me
personally and seem to think that this
is a bad thing anyway moving on to
something more interesting myself I'm
going to watching this video but you
know like maybe just a bit with me in it
because I don't really care about young
people - headphones I make my hair look
cute I will rage on it let's go
ix is why I picked this one why my
phaeton hi this is very impulsive this
is not like you want me different I'm
just like me like ugly okay I get that a
lot
Oh time to put my food - oh yeah I know
honey I know right leaning on muscle so
today you know I'm in bed I'm laying
container kidding I'm kidding
call me not for my health - my bedroom
with an object or a bottle a shake here
I just love that I can assure you my
mother would say the same thing about me
is fine this time if I have gone very
very far twitchy you're going to the
Galapagos Fraulein well come on out in
Ecuador a plane I'm in an anticipated
actually a Ecuadorian my wild is an
island
maybe back because I get told you yeah
yeah nice
yeah evangelist named Charles Darwin and
he decided wow those things are growing
corn evolution kill God you know in that
plays video thing with this I thought
that you might want it to the man in the
shop said you like this actually on
drugs
I'd note you want of urine sampling the
all the cats are playing with personally
I don't get it now if you have it me the
Russian no not a kid I'm legal now not
what I'm taking advantage of it this is
my arena tonight this is my fancy don't
ya happened to me once
yeah what is he seeing thing as well
kids the kids who would put the trash
yeah I had a short attention span a lot
of invalid you have to be to be amused
by this boy how many retreats for free
one of these little rooms with your own
to come home I just I want to do a video
on it and my last video where I wrapped
my subscribers videos and she tried to
make a DIY but it's been on and a second
she said the words in it's better I was
straight out of that but as soon as the
video I continue to watch the video and
I learn how to make a DIY finish dinner
out the bottle with fucking segue right
now into me making one and you can watch
JM Jim
Oh guys it's Kara and today I'm going to
show you how to make a DIY sparkly such
a spinner is blue here some bottle caps
you stick them together wow I don't have
that super glue what that is you know
and then you're going to poke some holes
in it like a little penis going for a
little Pole and then you're going to
paint it with glitter yes you're going
to paint it glitter and I'm so Ella and
you're going to put some glue on it and
then it's going to spin because physics
and then you're going to keep painting
it it's not really important but anyway
whatever and you're going to stick some
plastic in it and then stick a little
bit of stick for it like your little
penis once again then you're going to
cut out some holes that's like a cereal
box use no I don't eat cereal because I
don't eat because I don't wanna get fat
and die and then you're going to glue
things some more and you're going to get
a little penis up some more and make
some little holes for things and then
you're going to glue you can keep gluing
that's my table cos it's really nice get
it from Amazon click my affiliate link
below 20% off so I can get money and get
rich then you're going to stick four
more holes into it and then you're going
to use scissors and then you're going to
do some more things as I have and then
it's going to spin then it's going to
look cute and then you're probably going
to die because of how much effort it
took oh my gosh this is so extra oh my
gosh this is really cool
buy another bearing in pain I think
brush cutter funny thank you she was
popular and we got we got
ganden fine stare like thanks for that
little social blade booze booze
it was really well appreciated and cry
for saying I'm funny I guess I mean you
to hit me up can you do that okay well
that was great follow me on Instagram
Twitter and snapchat and if you're from
his video I I might be on drugs I don't
think I am that even what I sneak into
drinks on my selfie if you're
unconscious it doesn't count
goodbye anything now I'm actually doing
you
