hi-yah today's video is is a video it's
also videos within a video within a
videos no today's video is meet within a
video viewing our videos for videos TV
today I'm going to be watching your
videos yes you and then criticizing them
probably not going to be much use and
they'll probably hurt your feelings
that's about it really don't expect much
so I asked you on Twitter I hate it
people say that the some of you linked
me to your videos that I can completely
degrade and make you feel like less of a
human so yeah honestly I feel really bad
wait no I don't let's get started the
first video I'm going to watch it could
get to know me dot from live gets law
I'll live I can honestly say you've
officially been found don't do that
hi welcome to my channel okay next video
the next channel I'm going to be doing
an honest critical review of is it shade
backed by Bayer Bayer it's a bayard no
it's not right I am going to watch wait
not to be sad I could do it hey guys
it's Jared and I am finally Jared why
did I have such a hard time pronouncing
that that's with another video I am a
human just like every other human we
experience emotion I like to think that
humans have a spectrum of emotion as
humans sometimes we feel happy while
you're wrong Jared other times we feel
that sometimes we have feelings inside
the spectrum like feeling neutral just
kind of shrugging your way through life
and sometimes we have emotions
completely outside the spectrum I fear
anger confidence by Malaysian Chinese
jealous of hate or knowing some pity
personally I don't experience many
emotions I experience I don't know I
don't know I'm going to subscribe
because your life seems like documentary
to me it seems like the kind of life Wow
and
here's Jared and his natural habitat
experiencing emotions and as one for
watching later what is that what is the
emotion I mean like not everyone
watching maybe mainly just me watching
try to figure out how to steal things
next video this next video is called
creepy create a lot - syndrome store
attire me when I'm near children or
anything that really kind of like moves
will speak get in the room true I wear
them so stressed out before even do it
interest in this video I just want to
apologize and not reloading in over a
week
I've just been so stressed out we'll
have finals coming up don't apologize
they really don't care I learnt that the
hard way and so I asked me to school so
we have a walk crammed in I've been
really busy another tip if the one
youtubers say I'm really busy
no one believes them you could literally
convert into Medusa Jesus play out the
Ethiopian peoples of starving children
like nutritious two hydrogen's and one
oxygen and literally everyone would be
like wow you're lying you were too busy
like getting lit like you can make time
to film a video
amongst the 23 hours out 24 hours a day
you spend feeding the hungry children in
Africa or like it's impossible no don't
apologize okay the end next I'm going to
review I was in a commercial question
mark explanation mark by Audrey Spencer
yes I am sitting on my foot it's not
that weird
most people sell muscle but hey I found
somewhere that has good lighting in my
house it only took two years you're
welcome you're welcome thank you hello
everyone my name is Audrey
Josiah forbid a long time
wait what you saying next up I am going
to perfectly honestly review from the
point of view of an experienced
individual absolutely huge makeup all
exhalation mark buckets I spent too much
low - Caitlyn Morgan by Caitlyn Morgan
hey my guide is it welcome back to my
channel today's video as you may have
noticed I'm in a different background
because I thought I just switch it up a
little bit I'd have a more blank
background because it's just a lot
easier to film here let me know what you
think and I can obviously switch back to
the background if you would like I'm a
piece of carrot and ricotta me if I ate
vegetables anyway this is fortunately I
am bringing you a whole it's a big
makeup haul and let me tell you why it's
so big
hey next one it's a collab channel
called an actual mess and I said that
collab channels are going to get at the
heart because they are the work so the
work they do you have prevented the
needs to disappear and probably commit
some kind of suicide maybe talking to
you or to are hey you kids maybe remove
the pedophile Conan five anyways like
violence whatever click on a naturalness
is mostly I think I mean that's what I
heard much so but yeah I'll cool it you
sound like a whispering do you have some
kind of parent or family member who
disowned you or freaking filming some
centers not quite so PG around that
you're trying to hide this wrong because
that's really kind of sounds like we can
share that wasn't me for a very long
time
okay so instead of talking about things
that I love I'm going to I'm going to
make something that I love if you don't
know what's interesting is our note but
the next channel I'm going to be
reviewing in depth is called Darla Brown
wise Darla brown or way summer in the
city tips
I need these torture hey guys welcome
back to my channel so as some of you may
know I am on holiday to like party
everything here is the same colored
dollar just skin your hair your eyes is
the same color as your background and I
don't know if that was intense
sure but I like it I like that maybe I
should dye my whole body white way when
the city tip I like that anyway let's
just go straight into it
tips number one don't just go to some of
the city and expect to meet a certain
specific youtuber because you may not
end up meeting them and then you are if
you are in summer in city August 6 8
this year then expect to meet me because
I can't imagine that many other people
will be trying to meet time star next up
is a child amiran with the video what's
in my hand back 2017 I noticed she had
like a southern hemisphere accent so if
what I demonstrated let's go kangaroo I
started this video and she look like
Dodie indifferently apartments say cards
and said if you have more than Mother's
Day card yet for me here you go whatever
job that ah we both incompetent I hate
you mom is so prepared for her own
celebration day my mother's just
prepared for my own failure hi everyone
today I said I wanted to do the what's
in my handbag video I don't I am a bad
person if I'm going out I will always
care about see I'm not a bad person
this is where we differ tell if I just
have one pocket then I'm set and always
in that book yet I can fit my inhaler
for my incapable lungs my giant iPhone
and just the words of cash I bring
around with me everywhere because what's
a card then I'm set who needs the back
thanks chels oh look another boy next I
am going to be watching and hurting the
feelings of if they are emerged I'm
white okay don't expect me to be able to
say those kind of names words crazy
I don't know I'm evil little boy and his
mom still my gameboy information my
destination mark a straight story space
time after it Oh Tom hey guys so it's me
that scary
coz and then back like I promised I
don't remember you promising that that
thank you for holding onto a promise
that we didn't make it
we didn't mutually agree to
I think I'm planning on doing like
Mondays Wednesdays and are you a demon
why you eyes right
Fridays but I'll ask people that you
know watch my videos today I'm going to
tell a story time and it's something
that has always haunted me you're
wanting me right now if they are
meritorious you can take those red eyes
great hair though door Sonoma collab
channel I can tear apart and destroy him
oh what a coincidence
this channel is over didn't expect that
one deny and let's watch five Thursdays
because she looks sadist but also like
the most she doesn't care me I was
crying
mmm-hmm just really like to thank you
all so much for watching to see and I
didn't do a very good after and as soon
as I finished I started crying and I
thought well that's good I'm jerking on
registry injury um please you're scaring
me Internet potato and they also say
please whatever you go check out my
mansion always two grand my guess wait
for the description um
and you have a comment spec trying I
will literally cut you good great it
can't have been that great it was a
collab channel ok board now next one I'm
going to destroy is Samantha rose she
has a flower in her name that's weird
she has a video about paratus disco okay
I'm ready wait I don't want the care
book you know to hear my meals already
I'm okay whatever I'm just gonna insert
it in terrifying ah
both now my hope we didn't hurt your
feelings too much but you know I
probably did take that excitement
maximally don't mm really bad I do I had
great fun being humiliate Pacific links
in description to all these great
challenges for some reason you'd like to
any of them I'm kidding
most of you are great start YouTube
channel I guess Oh done following
Instagram or Twitter goodbye
