Wow I look like such a mouse Kong today
I need to die
hi please don't panic this channel with
not merging into a beauty channel I
don't know how to make up every time I
use my plumping lip gloss I get it in my
eyes my mother thinks I'm severely
mentally disabled not
oh I mean our awesome stands up every
time we want to film there's a slider
outside and every time it just goes like
the tweet-tweet you I hope you get eaten
by a crowd so everyone seemed to like my
previous trial shows that are my shade
and my trying celebrity videos which
were extremely cringy last-minute
low-budget death kind videos but I guess
you like them so I'm making another one
in that series and that is trying on
someone else's entire face this again is
inspired by Gigi that ugly sister Heidi
transformation by that crazy magic witch
lady and I'm going to be watching her
videos a massive shout out to you link
in description to her channel and I'm
going to be replicating all the people
safe on to my face because honestly I
need it okay a lot of how I've literally
detached a mirror for this video let the
tutorial commence so it's gonna follow
the natural hydrological cycle of my
skin and hydrate it next this is a
boring part which give up a foundation
I'm using the Giorgio Armani lunatic
foundation I can't afford and we're
going to pull it over my face and see
what happens and it won't come off
everything's probably too poor to afford
a new one Kieran you the richest
youtubers are the pipes sell out which
is probably why it's not coming not with
allergy season I don't know if you can
tell I say it's kind of red because I
keep getting rashes because I'm allergic
to just everything that touched me so we
won't stop by covering our face now I
think I'm a fair bit more tan than Gigi
handed but I think that's just because I
am very yellow skin I'm like his Simpson
in disguise but like if the Simpson was
Caucasian instead of Asian I never
understood about symptoms while they
were playing white people yet they made
desk in yellow I calmly I'm scrapping
foundations with him right now while
Kari you that lazy
three standards I think I killed it the
thing I'm most worried about is probably
my eyebrows because even though I don't
really have that many eyebrows they're
still like the color of raccoon rather
than the color of white dots which is
what I need to get them to okay and next
we have also discovered the GG hadded
has a very cool issue say what's that
word eyebrow bone which I need to create
for myself so we're going to start off
with trying to make effect like it's
hella small where as possible and if you
have some time and money and raisins
then you can even try like maybe
actually physically shaping eyebrows
after this look I mean I could do that I
really need two views right now so we're
going to grab some really too light for
your body concealer which is from my
other videos that I never disposed of
even if I said I would have time to
cover your eyebrows of it wow I think
I'm doing this right because why would
look like if I was a dead person what
dead people look like like does anyone
know that because that you have burnt
already in the ground because people
like they got dead bodies off like a few
hundred years when they're just bones
they never pick them up like a week
after the buried them securely look I'm
I'm just curious that's all next you're
going to get a setting powder should I
swatch it for you it looks like this I'm
actually you met someone in public live
just like me right now could you like
take them seriously and have a
conversation with them probably not I
can't even look at myself and
considering turning the do binder around
right now
um Beauty at its limit we've also
discovered that Gigi has a very circuit
like square jaw and very slash in which
I've been crying NIDA so we're going to
square my drawer out and then we're
going to flatten my chair and walk right
by pokeymon go okay I mean people go to
school for you so how to do this by
Cinco canal de nail de jour de has a lot
of dabbling under eye areas so I'm going
to pick mine cuz we bit more of a really
okay we have now discovered her eyes are
very small and they're very far from
each other so we're going to make my
eyes very small and very far from each
other so to make your eyes far apart you
kind of I think this is what you do
right and then to make them as small as
possible
you have to like circle them in white
stuff it's really so mad right now I'm
not using a Beauty Blender I am too
I lost it I lose everything k-touch okay
Cara do you wanna strike Madoff yeah
sure quick dog's gone forever
this is I didn't call you theory I
didn't summon you disappearing dog isn't
the equivalent at hey Siri go away Siri
I also have to like make myself a bit
paler because she's a bit paler one day
I'm doing a really great job also how to
lit from a big of a line I think I'm not
really sure what I'm doing Littman wrong
Oh No hopefully not getting in my eyes
is what I mean by an incompetent I use
this issue so much I think my lips are
immune to it okay so she has a very
small round forehead which is like the
orc server I have no we're gonna try
something that's probably not going to
work and ruin everything I need some
then I'm gonna take it like this and
okay okay okay my fall has pretty
sizable okay Rhonda it's hideous but
it's not like Shrek hideous kill my
killing tricks divine okay so we're just
over to her cheekbones of very round
who's which again it's like the opposite
of mine so you ask use a fan brush why
am I talking like this is a makeup
tutorial this is like a how to be ugly
tutorial okay so something like that
okay and then you hide it just like yeah
okay so we have gathered that she has a
very narrow nose which is cool because I
do but she also has like a very short
nice what can I enter and I don't know
how it doesn't so stupid because I can
imagine it kind of does Wow and it's a
video okay but also and I was like very
so that like that
I just look like I've been like eating
to apply to him and just kind of pour
like anus next you have to like
highlight you'll nose here to make it
look more like you have a shake and then
you make the little nose highlight bit
higher art is then it makes it look like
your mouth and I are ah yeah gee you
tricked me I feel like this isn't
working at all
in addition to that process you have to
add a little bit of concealer in words
exactly two nostrils here to loose them
up perfect illusion it's really cool if
you like slow or nice wasn't it a
logical Harper's are not sure they don't
know why okay coming together and then
you have to make a shadow with tools
that the universe has given to you not
light nope to make a shadow here I
didn't walk tool okay so I browse come
up like really high so I have to make my
life better than they really are not a
source for because I'm amazing so you
have to be like a really light color if
you chose really light eyebrows and then
you kind of like I don't know why I did
this because when I rather kind of high
like already like my social but just
kidding
it's really bad so so my eyebrows I'm
going to use some aunts idea dip brow
even though mine in a color that's like
really dark I don't know how this is
going to work out okay I mean like okay
I still feel like my eyebrows are
concealed enough I feel like I should
show just shape my brows off like go
into the sow on like hey I don't want my
eyebrows anymore can you get rid of them
and they like oh yeah sure what purpose
so I can make my face so petite you had
it I want to clone her and still have
time quartz number so I'm going to waste
more expensive powder trying to cover my
eyebrow shows video so I can make the
money as your stock I actually think
it's working
looks like north feel education stuff
but I think my actual eyebrow is acting
like sidebar shadows that real wide
rolls create wow I'm such a
professionalism oh my god now I'm going
to be slightly even more professional
and create industries your eyebrow hair
you kind of have to like yeah that'll do
Wow why am I such talent I think people
would pay for this level of talent life
so I mean it's terrible but like it work
well I mean this didn't work at all but
okay can I go of the hands down the
eyebrows as a hardest bit so far and you
think of all the experience I have with
altering my eyebrows I would feel
progressive you know I'm sure attorney
exposure drops you can't be how about
John London there you go next you have
like sharpen the eyes up so I'm going to
be using eyeliners I don't know how to
use and make you my eyes look server
apart from each other
okay let's go
I mean it doesn't work but it like what
so next I have to get a gold collar
because the lady told me to and apply it
on my lid I'm going to using my makeup
I'm Akay which is like you really showed
me I'm taking my finger because that's
what she didn't exactly anyway and I
have to I'm not great at doing anything
with my hands
hey great how effective next I have to
get a darker bronze color and apply it
on sides of my eyes and pull it out and
how I'm remembering all of this
information but Kay I'm not doing this
right I know what I'm doing right now
feel like everything's game was so now I
have to take another dark color or just
happen and I have to apply it like here
wow this is really working and then I'm
making this piece white this is where it
gets complicated I have to add white to
this bit so now I'm only allowed to
apply mascara where is it I are even on
the outer corner of my eyes I'm not
really sure why I just want to which
tells you to do something you have to
follow Oh No okay that worked anywhere
and yeah I have to pour them in this
direction
Oh No so it's very important the parent
leaves I liked in here where any
sharpener and if you're trying to use a
belong thing to put on my lips legs yes
Cara scrape wood along your lips and it
would have a bigger ass hit it money
I've also had you in long gate minute
she also has a shadow on Heather finally
she has beachy way I guess being fake
blonde does work to my advantage
sometimes oh well I guess I mean I guess
I mean yeah I should probably stop
filming now since this has been going on
for too long but I kind of look like a
drag queen but also the tower way better
than I thought it would hit me up James
Charles yeah I'm going to go now but
this was really interesting let me know
if you have any other ideas of things I
could try on aren't mine that's it
really
I'm going to go adios amigos somebody
call folk
