hey morning wow this is all fun if it
goes wrong we have got soaked and Isis
can catch is a good boy and present here
he'd even have an exam resume everyone
think local high I mean like here yeah
I'm here
what what's up so this story time story
time
not really and this video is kind of
long-awaited like two weeks yeah
because right well one look I'm stupid
really really stupid and one day came up
with the genius foolproof idea to bring
the dog to school
yep you heard that I'm sure everyone at
some point during their school career
has like pondered what actually happen
if it was well to school like what they
actually came me so I know what actually
did it because even at the from the age
of 7 people have brain cells but if you
lose a couple of those puberty hits
because I sure down okay so see I'm sure
you're all very concerned about the dog
safety and I can show you it was really
safe I'm really happy and I will resting
in description if that is your concern
it's like I love animals
maybe not cats and watch I'm kind of
allergic to them but I wouldn't go like
I have a dog like I treasure him more
than myself
I'd give him a kidney and like literally
every precaution was taken to make sure
this dog was like happy and enjoying
himself I mean he would have been like
staff at home on his own all day he got
to go for a walk like multiple walks so
I miss all like how you how it happened
I guess
well I'm first we got a dog and now it
wasn't sure a lot used to that instead
we got chance chance is my friend's dog
he is really small and nice and fluffy
imagine seeing chance before on my
Instagram if you don't follow me on
instagram you should at that carrot it
to us because some little bits dominate
and you just like really sweet here
surprise dogs it's just like living life
takes everything in his stride if you
start him inside a little toilet bowl he
just fit that it just wait he'd be like
hey do I get a treat and I'd be like
yeah yeah you do you're a good jump boy
so we decided that Chaz was the perfect
candidate for this extremely humane
experiment
and we have spent so much money on this
to make sure it was going to go to plan
so we've got this travel bag it was
comfortable it had windows it literally
had everything a dog would want in a
portable home we also bought this like
huge dog treats and like little bones a
small dog he was set he was happy he was
getting it when I forgot it call it a
water bottle like folds out into a bowl
to like for you to meet her friends I
like this dog was on a mission
we got Rick how it started was I was in
history was a few friends what is the
correlation there was not one but I
remember how he brought it up but it was
just like I decided that this was the
perfect opportunity to bring the canine
in question to the school premises there
is initially no sign at my school that
says no dogs anywhere it was literally
just a joke but then it escalated we
wrote this brilliant foolproof plan and
it covered each period of score and
safeguarding list and a risk assessment
an equipment list to make sure the dog
was happy and we would get zero versus
we even went a fox check if anyone in
our picture cassese's us on those days I
don't need like dog and Mille allergies
that we needed to like yet be like hey
don't touch the dog I told everyone
stake puritan and still we wasn't really
even being serious at this point and I
don't actually think anyone thought we'd
follow through so after much planning
more like a week that's about as much
hard work colors a deuce the day finally
came we all rolled up to school an hour
early to like a just chance in
surrounding chances being carriages
title travel back and in that very
moment I've never felt as close to my
own personal demise as I did them pretty
sure where we get expelled but like it
was worth it it was a dog so my school's
all like closed in and like forest
feasts at 7:00 a.m. there's not really
many people around 3:40 yes this will be
day so our plan was to take chair two
tennis courts which are surrounded by
trees and walk him and we thought we'd
like for his toilet and run around
tennis courts and swear him outs of no
sleep through first period but after
walking down we had our first encounter
were a teacher she pulled up in her car
and where we're going and in that very
moment chose for it would be a great
idea to just pop his head out of the bag
let it be known the dog is present I
really remember what we said because I
was like a big group of us and it was
just all kind of a blur but I know the
person in which was carrying the
ran around and I don't even know if she
saw I can't be just like my mother moved
off but like I guess just had a great
time or baby like the next step was
getting him through class so by this
point we had decided who was going to
teach other into each lesson by summer I
think you have the chillest teacher in
that specific period and where they sat
in the class to minimize potential of
being excluded this was a scientific
investigation although I doesn't make a
much adverse period was from me and ups
my responsibility is not what we going
to make some people mad here but I'm
sure how it happened you know like I
literally have a youtube channel when I
tell stories about my life most of the
time Lee come on
I love capitalizing on my own misfortune
so I bring tears into my gentlemen class
and automatically everyone in this class
just swarms around the bad kitchen and I
really like go away like please go away
and it's not very big class I just was
perfectly happy he likes people but then
someone decided hey let's let him out of
the back and I thought no firstly this
is of my dog I don't know like how to
touch him and put him back into the bag
wanted out secondly once he's out I'm
going to get back in he go back in
willingly the first time because he was
tired from running and he wanted to
treat there's a room for screaming
children having fun and excited by a dog
who want to stroke him going to go and
call back off in his little trouble back
what kind of dog I mean me if I was at
all but I kind of got occurred just get
out and in that very moment the teacher
walks in and so she sees everyone
crowding around the suspicious-looking
bad I get the bomb or something and
we're like oh it's Meyer clove because
we put like a video over the top of his
travel bag to make it look like you had
like clothes on and she's at okay and
just a very second before she diverted
her eyes from the bag get popped it out
cousin head just close
literally and she's like oh like Nick so
unprecedented I don't even wish go as a
punishment for this anyway I digress and
she did insist on taking it to another
teacher as long as she could cuddle with
it first like never shine it dissuade
her like no no don't tell anyone don't
take it don't take it please and there's
a video of it happening and gently pry
him out of it
weirdly no teachers are angry they just
kind of found it really cute and the
female parent of the dog's owner was
unusually chill when she was called to
collect a dog after he pooped in a
teacher's office gone back handed the
over your call like that was it
so if you have wanted to know what
happens if you agree a dog to school
like that what happens like you get a
call like you don't go ever you get go
and like after happened this one teacher
heard estate planning it was like what
are you talking about and we told her
like what happened it was so weird like
every teacher literally in the whole
school knows that that happens and
almost every teacher also thinks it was
me it wasn't my dog overall has got to
go on an adventure and anything like it
was so much better being inside all day
like he got to go and run around we made
plans to go and take him out of lunch
into the big woods and let him have like
to run around we bought balls we bought
towards we bought treat food what food
we bought water he was having a great
time and so like make sure you following
is to be able to turn snapchat to keep
up with my life because I was thinking
you know maybe a hamster neck there
maybe not with my luck with rodents
again if you have any questions about it
like the dog safety etc because I was be
concerned too if I was watching this
make sure you read the description
because I probably explained something
in there before you read the comments
yes like the teachers would have got I
agree as if the dog safety was in
jeopardy understanding or if you've done
something wild like this I'd like to
know reading your thoughts is actually
the most entertaining thing I love it
when you have that
a key story I use flattened inscription
I read them and I'm my boy that was
crazy
that's about it Thanks five I guess
