hi what's up was hanging I can't bring
myself to say the rest of it I'm
procrastinating today I'm going to that
my biggest hater control my life for the
next 24 hours and I have to say yes to
absolutely every single one of their
requests you may be thinking Cara
how could anyone hate you is so cool and
kind loving and you're just so likable
hmm said no one ever
you love me though right right so
somehow I managed to track down my
biggest hater meaning I found an account
on Twitter that seemed like they hated
me and could compose a sentence and
didn't sound like they were 7 years old
or a literate because all haters are
really just sounds in disguise I asked
them if they wanted to take Barton video
and of course they said yes I will not
be revealing their identity because as
much as the Bridgette spinners actually
seem to like me some reason you guys are
like the FBI on a mission and you're
thirsty for blood and you can't fight
fire with fire guys and I asked his
person the next 24 hours if they want to
control my life and to make sure that I
do it I said that if I don't fulfill
their requests I'm gonna give them a
thousand pounds I don't know if I have a
fast pounds okay so I guess now is just
the waiting game we sit around and do we
um you wait well if they made me kill
someone
I didn't write up a contract Keira
you're outside huh yeah I know about
that in my hand lies my spare key to
Morgan my boyfriend's house you may be
thinking waters Morgan have to do with
this video at all and he doesn't know
I'm here
the first request the hater asked with
me was really deep and sad so I've just
kind of turned up and I guess I'll let
myself in this is creepy yeah probably
but you know what he's probably never
gonna want to see me either way after
this let's go Thunder in hey Pogo hi
hello camera Hey anyone here
wait hold on the car's not here usually
the shoe rack is prepacked for now it's
empty so I don't know it doesn't look
like anyone's here hallo dude okay great
the first time I'd ever turn up
unexpectedly at his house he's not in
when does he I really don't know what
happened here
when does he ever leave the house under
I ever leave the house yeah yes this
looks pretty empty well that's not
creepy at all and the right doesn't work
bro oh my god I'm sorry I didn't realize
you're they haven't me could have sworn
that light was off what this didn't work
a second ago okay it doesn't look like
there's anyone outside so let me check
upstairs I don't know why he'd not be
like responding to me that maybe it's
the prank
maybe maybe they've just gone guess he
really isn't here then let's check my
phone and see what else my biggest hater
has to say thanks for ruining my life hi
so you may be wondering what said hater
told me to do which led me at Morgan's
house haha this is really bad I would
usually be like you know what just take
the money and go but I don't want to
give them satisfaction they told me to
break up with him and that was just the
first one hi
it is currently about 12 hours later I
think said hater why are they having an
argument right behind me yeah yeah
Morgan just put it on the car Clearasil
we know what you're doing anyway
said hate hasn't replied in like 12
hours which makes me think have they
given up or are they sleeping this video
could turn into nothing but anyway we're
about to go outside to buy some food and
I'm gonna go and get in the car
great okay okay so this is really random
I said that they haven't messaged me in
like 12 hours which you know I assumed
that they were sleeping but you know
what so was I so anyway we're we're it's
covered by the tree but we're at Tesco
so so much fun jitter Martin made us
 but I've got a message from that
and I'm gonna open it I have a Twitter
notification which is where I'm dear
having them what does it care you know
Martin in that buying dinner for us
tonight
yeah I'm not allowed to eat or drink
wanna kill ya
I doesn't sound like you like a fun
thing to do I know they're a hater but
like I didn't realize they wanted to
like her Loki like dive starvation I
mean it's just a day you probably help
the diet that I'm on I never started
that doesn't mean you're on diet then I
I'm not a mental diet doesn't help
anything that's not good
I mean you know I might lose a couple of
pounds as you can see recently I've been
stress eating a little bit and hey hey
hey you can't drink the second half you
can't drink it you can have one set and
I'll be the judge one last sip that's
enough hey hey hey guys he's cheating
everyone dislike the video okay okay it
was one sip I didn't finish the sucking
motion okay let's go inside all of my
favorite snacks would you like anything
else Kara Oh way you call what about the
ice cubes you can have a nice I'm
allowed to drink anything Nico have a
nice keep I can't eat or drink I have to
throw away the rest of my Starbucks
sorry we even got it in bottles because
we know that's your favorite oh my god
no it's a baby corner baby
well you're about to be baby corn less I
hate you complete that's my favorite
guys this is the wrong direction where
are we going
Morgan
months to go to McDonald's wrong about
me sometimes you just have to do things
on your own I feel really betrayed right
now I don't even know what to say oh my
god the chicken selects hey what do you
think you're doing down there
Oh Kara hand over the drink
hand over hand over I'll tell them to
dislike the video kara come with me
you'll see okay hey why isn't your going
bush meat drink guys it's like an hour
later we just got back and I haven't
eaten yet to be honest I'm not really
like that hungry yeah because I ate
earlier but I didn't really eat that
much and I'm kind of a hungry person so
you know I am gonna get more hungry
Morgan just had his dinner how do you
feel I just got another notification on
Twitter from the the hater we need to
give him a better name let's call you I
don't know if it's a boy or about Steve
so Steve just sent me a message okay
then we just read it whatever but isn't
even bad for me
I think they actually might secretly be
among Haiti you know what they like what
do they what do they say okay so I'm
gonna go to more than Bartram cuz okay
that's all good they want me to shave
him mmm
Juan what does this do I don't know what
does this do it
don't wait for me
yo so you know how I said that they
messaged me yes
well turns out this is this is a corpse
hater
they won't matter do they want me to
shake your peeps - off but I have to do
it I might do a side dance well are you
ready for this this is like one of those
oddly satisfying videos infinity ball
can I pause please just leave me with
all no leave the hospital for me that's
one side of my head how's it miss
fashion one doesn't this is an all-new
look so let me take a picture of it and
send it to them everything so happy of
the hostage thing I am so hungry and I
see and I want to drink it so bad look
at that light I want to drink it I want
to slap it up into my mouth put that in
between my lips and slap it up until
it's all compact and you remembered I'm
not allowed to drink either it's legal
yes I'm actually starting to feel kind
of sad now because I didn't think they'd
pull the food card like I know they
don't like me buy anything they've got
me dead I sent them in the picture of
Morgan's half shaved face
hopefully they accept that I hate it if
I didn't have someone else I committed
to this video I would just stop I really
don't want to lose a thousand pounds
over this but I feel like I might give
in if it gets any worse
hi checking in a little bit later so far
I have not drank anything or eaten
anything and I'm not feeling very happy
about that I still need to somehow
figure out how I'm gonna break up with
Morgan but right now I need his help the
next thing I've asked me to do so I said
I'm in the photo I don't know why you
just couldn't get rid of the whole thing
it just makes him look like a 15 year
old boy who walks around the streets in
an Adidas tracksuit vape here anyway
each two there
I guess nobody shaming over here they
said that it was good enough and like
laughed slightly and then they followed
up with you next sorry what and then I
was like bro what do you mean I don't
have a moustache I grew myself perfectly
every single day I'm way too much time
grooming myself because I'm insecure
they said your hair we're gonna need
your help
what you just shave my hair okay okay
are you doing my hair hi
okay well it's about wait what even is
at home it's free a.m. I just got
snuggled up in bed morgue is here next
to me drinking is oh I'm feeling really
dehydrated I'm really hungry so I just
messaged said hater and I was like yo
dot root I was like yo dawg I need a nap
I need to go to sleep I didn't really
sleep that much last night Sasha - I
just took a nap and woke up at like 6
p.m. as I normally do every single day
of my life I'm gonna die prematurely hi
I'm Tara
they just responded and I haven't read
it yet because I want to read it on
camera so okay so I'm about to read it
okay I'm going to bed now is there
anything else you want me to do like I'm
gonna wrap up the video right just since
we started late because they were
sleeping that you can't sleep
where's the camera I'll have a nice
night sleep good night come on out you
go oh you go you go
good night that was so cringy I know I'm
sorry I'm never gonna do that again I
hate when people do that I can't let me
start again I know what you're gonna say
Kara you shouldn't be drinking that and
yeah me too so I just came downstairs
super sad that I can't sleep and super
tired as well and I thought you know
what I'll make myself a nice coffee to
keep me awake rejuvenate my senses
heightened my awareness I sound like I'm
describing a dog so I did that and as I
was about to take my very first step my
lips were just about to touch the edge
of the drink I was like oh that's a
liquid and you know what I can't do
consume any liquids so peace out I go
and then I realized while I was making
that that before I started making the
drink I also started cooking pasta to
them I don't eat dinner at the same time
as most people because my sleeping
schedule is so messed up so for me in my
brain it's like dinnertime now right I
love carbs I'm going to literally weigh
500 pounds one day hi guys welcome to my
500 pound life featuring Kara Bridget oh
my god that's so bad I've never been out
to grab so much so many in my life you
might think I'm overreacting but you
haven't seen me in a pouch to position I
was actually getting really excited
about this with some hard Italian grated
cheese on top super hot Italian cheese
oh yes he's out I guess
morning hey good morning and sleep last
night huh morning well I don't know how
to say this we should break up
right good to see you can't just suppose
to see wouldn't be the mean serious why
I don't think we have to buy Oh
we just do I think we just I just think
we need to break up I just think it's
gonna be good good for war it'll be good
for journals don't be good for my bank
account why do we have to react my
someone's making you yeah
whoa whoa yeah obviously hates me
otherwise I have to send them money that
little I thought we were friends
I thought mean mean the hate were friend
I thought we had a bond okay
I thought we had a relationship anyway
yes so okay okay we're broken up hi my
name is Morgan join date date me okay
