I have hi so I think we can all agree
that planes are evil demons and I would
literally rather walk 6,000 miles and
being a plane for ten hours and I was on
a plane this weekend and my lord was it
horrific nothing bad happened I've been
terrified terrified terrified are you
feeling just ha what makes them think
that they have the right to make so much
sound I am busy doing important things
like this so important I am a very
anxious person as you can imagine
however I like to think of my brain
instead of my emotions so when I get
into the situation where as you probably
be nervous
or not depends if I'm overreacting a
problem I weigh out every possible
situation in my mind and the probability
of that situation actually taking place
in my case I just end up constantly
thinking about my own death not very
relaxing if you ask me hmm
depends what you're into I should
probably put your warning on this video
however no matter how much I try to
remind myself that the probability world
will free could break out over the
demise of Club Penguin all the chances
of me having early onset menopause are
very low indeed there are two situations
in the whole world where these intense
feelings of impending doom just release
into the atmosphere like in the anus
hurricane the first one being doctors
hospitals medicine related things which
make many people very nervous
understandably people die there I'm a
second beam plane I could easily go to
the doctor get some pills get some
therapy to soothe the anxiety of being
on a plane but this would mean walking
into a doctor's surgery or Hospital
winningly or a minor issue which would
probably require some sort of pills or
therapy let's be real I only go when
it's absolutely necessary and I mean
necessary I broke my neck and I fought
battle frozen peas would fix it I can
all protect them it's a vicious cycle of
hot sweats heart palpitations and
thinking about death
delightful after flying is very common
there are many different reasons why you
may dislike being trapped in a metal
coffin of death in the sky close to
aliens and more deaths maybe you hate
flying with our babies I hate babies
even when they're on the ground maybe
you hate being so close to 300 strangers
so say the average plane capacity is
around 300 people if you know that
everyone in 300 people have literal
contagious Ebola well they don't but
that's what your mind thinks maybe
you'll see a terrorist and in your mind
every innocent looking person with a
rucksack has a literal her Oshima size
and nuke inside of it even though you
yourself has a roxor and the
three-year-old child sitting next to you
who by the way you want to impale yeah
well I hate every aspect of it so about
our ado I'm going to remind you how much
you hate these things
it's absolutely no reason apart from
views and money I mean my passion and
lust for video isn't saving life there
are two big reasons why I hate flying
and I've got to explain in depth both of
them and why they disgust me
anticipating death you know how for some
reasons planes decide they don't want to
take off until like way after their time
to take off and you're after a certain
time where has become completely
inconvenient for every single person on
board well I usually spend that time
reminiscing on what a short unfulfilled
life I have led so far it's lots of
sitting down an action I am very well
adjusted to the vendee will start
putting their bags in the overhead and
this is stage 1 of anticipating death
and this is stage 1 of preparing siddur
it started visioning these large
carry-on bags of doom falling on my head
and puncturing my brain or lack of it's
completely traumatizing like tuck them
somewhere else who design this thing to
be on top of your head how many carry-on
luggage related deaths there has been I
don't know 10 million
I bet dies kill more people than the
black page spiced flu combine I am
outraged
can I sue planes for this I've always
wanted this every time I want a plane
I'm like I can't reach this I can't see
this I always pull down someone else's
bad bit is a minor and they give me look
this is just a bad idea and every time
I'm sitting down someone always or
always lots of things on my head
literally just last week when I was on a
plane so I was like you're gonna have to
move because and all the drama
bobblehead okay it was like this big it
wasn't a carry-on bag it was a suitcase
and he was about to lift it over my head
this one was about five foot one had on
literally the thickness of an opposite
child not sick at all I didn't drop that
one bit it was even saying it cross or
move over one seat next to the guy next
to me who was obviously very drunk and
extremely creepy he smell terrible and
so sorry
I was outraged outraged completely
disgusted plex.earth take off and this
is where we move on to stage two of
impending doom which means I sit there
for a whole like three minutes or
however long it takes to get in the sky
just preparing myself to death and
convincing myself completely up to me
that if I die I will die it will be in
these next few minutes and this is where
you just begin to accept death enough it
is enough to everyone dies eventually so
that maybe at least I'll be up to be in
the news or TV or sit DeFranco show if
I'm lucky and I can see the headline
already go sixteen famous youtuber
celebrity big picture last longer dies
in horrific fiery plane crash
whereabouts unknown
remnants possibly suspected being held
by a prolific pedophile cannibal group
in Mexico
going out in style or are marrying like
going in Lucas can book movie on stage
free
so goodbye text I've never seen one of
those documentaries about 9/11 I mean
everyone's team one of those
documentaries about 9/11 and I'm not
about to make a 9/11 joke so Wall Street
Journal back off anyway any documentary
sometimes they have the scene without
reenact part especially the part about
what they think happened in the plane
that crashed into the Twin Tower and how
these people acted in their final
moments before their well they all get
their phones out and pick their families
I love you
and dying goodbye yes very sad
absolutely no punch line I promise
but I'm preconditioned myself to assume
that every time I get in a plane I am
going to die this is going to happen so
obviously as you do I indirectly say
goodbye to my closest companions and you
can imagine I have to deal with the
consequences after now here is the
second and final thing that really does
bother me about planes the right seat
having the right seat on a giant air
penis of gas is about most important I
know I'm not referring to that woman
sitting next to you with last night's
three orders of 20 picking Nuggets or
for one person hanging over your armor
oh no do I look like the kind of woman
to state the obvious maybe am I going to
I don't know I haven't thought that far
ahead
I'm talking about the position of your
seat so the window seat presumably
everyone's favorite can't really go
wrong with that maybe because you can
observe the breathtaking scenery as you
fly over Wars and 60 flowers the
beautiful Maldives or in my case they
get a second warning before the pilot
tells the fobian to come that we are
falling to a desk always one step ahead
and then there's the middle C or the
awkward middle aisle if you're on a big
fancy plane this is just about as
appealing as a while tripping in the
middle C not appealing you divert
dependency I will see you either love it
or you hate it my youtube channel if it
makes make up about 95% of the length of
your whole body like me you'll really
appreciate the legroom but then there's
a lack of the window with that false
sense of security I ever heavily rely on
but also sitting in the aisle seat you
have the high chance of getting out
alive if something too sinister happened
without trampling on people's bodies
like the agriculture to the Saffir I
will do it and then I will avenge his
death if you own one see it's very
likely you would rather be on a
different sea unless unless you're in
the seat you want then stop complaining
click off this video the grass is always
greener on the other side and you're
always in the seat that you don't want
to be in for some reason I always find
myself in opposition this is me
complaining about play
tell me if you can relate to this
tommy's I've shed any reasons why you
hate being on time do you people
do you like being on planes I've heard
that some people like being on planes
and that disturbs me unsubscribe right
now but like don't your section
validates me as a human being thank you
so much for watching this I really
appreciate it like subscribe and comment
and all that subscriber e stuff that you
people do because you a part of my new
slave cult yeah I'm not going to give
rest that yeah what
