hi what is up bitches and hoes and today
I am back with another story from my
ever so than full life
sadly I'm going to point out awareness
that because it's really stupid I don't
understand but it's like what the kids
where I get so yeah also I'm wearing
Jack inside there right the way my arms
look in this that's it before I get into
this video I just wanna say you two seem
really stupid recently so it's really
cool if you hit the notification Bell
thing down below I are upload crazily
frequently I'm not PewDiePie so you
won't get style notifications for me it
would just like to let you know when I'm
like here and stuff I always reply and
like the first kind of few comments now
because you can like them so if you're
interested in that you'll probably not
then go ahead cut the bow and send me a
feature of it on Twitter or something
that would be really nice thanks
I'm sure everyone has noticed a large
metal contraption in my food hole by now
and I'm definitely surprised about the
lack of self esteem destroying comments
about them can't get yourself a theme
destroyed if you don't have one to start
with
I'd like to wonder about if I lived in
the hood would I ever be able to pull
these off as grill anyway I'm going to
tell you about the most horrific pain
I've ever felt in my life
so against the government pay for most
people's braces they like to make sure
that you really need to them they kept
referring me to different places and
hospitals and orthodontist and all of
all my experience is just very unlucky
until one day a delightful doctor
decided that it was absolutely necessary
for four whole chief to be removed from
my mouth with tools yeah no I want you
to chew and swallow to digest soluble
molecules yeah those ones I'd like to
keep them thank you so I was laughing
that you know I did to avoid going back
to dentist and having my life
unnecessarily mutilated I stopped
brushing my teeth great idea Kara how
hygiene it I was lying
anyone in my mouth that's what she said
I just completely stopped washing my
teeth and honestly looking back in the
house
I'm so glad I was such a pussy of so
eventually the day come by that I was
due to go back to my next appointment so
at the follow-up appointment I can say
honestly that they were very
disappointed at the very least I got a
letter about like dental hygiene and
about they they try to scare me into
thinking that it wouldn't clean my teeth
I have to have some operations it might
have gone to roost or something I'm
gonna call commented AI was victorious
my plan was I was discharged they told
me to come back in a year well bitch I
come back in two years the two years
went by and I got referred back to your
four daughters and I could be bothered
to actually go so evidently guy well
actually like this kind of old guy is a
very old guy who actually owned see
orthodontist place so he was scary he
was very angry of life here smell that
great which as you can imagine doesn't
go down too well when their faces in
your mouth especially was a gag reflex
like mine so you look through my mouth
with told them and then let the report
about me on his weird little computer
and like a rock of the screen and like
someone just got an iPhone just like
rock you go Rox I should do a lot of
people not stop stoning Kara he saw I
said I needed for back teeth out and he
just kind of looked at me in disgust he
looked into my valve and he literally
said wow you really only need one tooth
our canned pointed at a front small tips
irrelevant to at the bottom that no one
use I was so enraged in the moment I
lost two years as maybe being able to
have my speech but also because I'm
telling me myself that I would have had
four cold teeth removed from my head
unnecessarily that I didn't need I've
been disabled what pieces of privilege I
think oh you're there was that was a
mixture of fury and relief I decided to
keep up my dental hygiene and actually
go to my appointment and get on the path
to be beautiful
well it worked didn't it the date was
there and I was ready to go to literally
get one of my chewing bones extracted
from my life and at this point yeah I
was nervous it was like North Korea and
missile right into my intestine not
through the mouth however everywhere
anyway so I turned up and I went into a
dentist I sat in the waiting room
wishing for death when I got Gordon the
dentist during the extraction was this
really friendly nice African lady who I
had been my dentist for a while and you
know I'm gonna have a really thick
accent I just like kind of takes your
brain a little bit longer to process
what they're saying so rather than it
just going directly into your brain and
then coming out it kind of goes in but
sits there for a minute and like a
waiting room get his tooth extracted
thinks about and then leaves you know I
mean so when she told me to like lay
back put my head back of my mouth wider
or stop biting her little limbs off
there was like a little bit of a delayed
reaction and it was funny
sometimes I wish I was the third person
in some of my own situations the body
extraction started I asked a simple
question does this hurt can she said no
so the tractions up and she's a great
dentist and this was only supposed to be
like a 30 minute procedure
it took three times lap she gets a weird
looking like dentist saw tools and cells
wobbling at my to she like inject the
anesthetic does like good stuff when
getting high illegal numbing medicine
and then she starts pulling and it did
not this one is just a lot of pressure
how like if a person was just sitting on
my head but I also seemed like nothing
was actually happening because it wasn't
this literally goes on about for like 30
minutes nothing happening no progress is
being made until it really starts to
hurt she didn't even believe we did it
had so much evil like she lied so she
talked up the injection with an
anesthetic injected a little bit more
into my mouth but it really wasn't doing
anything nothing happened and it was
getting so painful to the point I almost
blacked out like I almost cried I don't
cry I didn't cry as I could have cried
like and inside when no one can see it
this literally hurt more than the time I
broke my leg story while all of the
little side and my tooth just snapped in
half inside of my mouth and believe me
when I say I felt every crunch I wanted
to scream I couldn't because my lips to
my tongue was completely long from all
the answer because it lumps everywhere
other than the place it was supposed to
know you had one job heroin I mean
what information so then these arms were
probably very tired of this one so she
had to call in some help
so with two full-grown women trained
professionals inside of my mouth look
who finally exited I close my eyes I
leave that even server in the chat even
I was already leaning back I was just
breathing heavily and panting like a dog
like I just finished sprinting although
I don't know anything about that when I
wasn't started out the corner of my ear
that's saying else is the corner of my
ear yes I can hear you from this I hear
the multiple dentist scarf at my shoes
one of them hold the tube close to me
and just shows me like the bottom of it
and you can see that the root of the
tooth that like sticks out badly there's
a tooth like that and you know you can
see the two roots there well and it was
also curved as a bottom that's why it
wasn't coming out one because they
didn't know it was curved even though I
had about sixty nine million x-ray see I
couldn't see that and to say I said it
didn't work because they wasn't putting
it in the right place they were putting
it and apparently something to do with
love it was catching some like nerves
and stuff it shouldn't have been
touching I don't know that's why I hurt
so much yeah I don't really understand
they just explained to me like why I
felt the whole thing they took the tube
inside the little doggie bag and gave it
to me even I said multiple times I don't
want it but my mother said it would be a
good souvenir I was going to show you a
tooth in this video exactly really gross
secondly but then I remember this
probably in like homeless guys piggy
bank or like my hair or something I just
felt like you needed to share that and
also if you ever wanna charge videos
where I talked about like weird facts
about me I told you that I only have
free bottom teeth here and it's like Tom
Cruise when his teeth off-center at the
bottom because they took out the one
that lived here great care you know your
own body so well also I think about my
sadness stories probably very medically
terminology wise incorrect so
condescending shooter doctors please
tuck away now I don't care if you have
been warned
do you have any wobble medical stories
like mine let me know one of my favorite
things to do is that you go through the
comments and read your wild story
is so funny and that's it's like about
colonoscopy or something gross yeah keep
going a thousand um before I go I just
want to say thank you for being here and
being nice to me really means a lot
I've all about shocking soap you know
I've gone this long without it
I appreciate you you're really great
thanks for being right be nice to each
other forums ladies okay but
