hi what is up bitches and hos it's that
time of year again where a year ends and
a new one stuck I thought what better
than to reflect on the means of 2016
which have implemented myself into them
yes today we will be looking back at the
most popular memes of 2016 with my face
in them I asked you to put them on
Twitter on the hashtag pleb memes
because I have the plaid Lord and well
water weights may shock you know that
way no work
it all started one that won meme of me
went slightly viral and it was the one
like about youtubers like clickbait
titles I was like steps on and how I got
away with murder
yeah I'm sure you've seen it left goichi
vintage on forever so no song will say
that this video does slightly resembled
dad's bonfires 2015 memes video I liked
it gets light inspiration from that
thanks Daniel let's stop reacting hmm
here are some fresh bag memes of Caleb
Raja
uber driver drives a speed bump youtuber
storytime traumatising car accident
death meme you get at me meme youtuber
will sound Street it strangest wife see
tumor I'm deranged stalker not even take
that it's story time
 well you would click that is Kara
Bridget married this is the face only a
mother can love my mother doesn't even
love me wash up shows in public everyone
saw runs naked
oh I won that on a t-shirt I wasn't on
much it's me as don't I have never been
so impressed with something in my life I
haven't heard that one before it's Kira
Bridget a a guy a dumb ho a nickname and
chain dating Kira frigate oh my god well
you talk so key food ah make America
great again obviously food
rapid trophy getting a plan for Chris I
don't even have anything to say about
most of these oh my brother wherever
horn is a red violets are blue why I
hate bodies and stuff they do why is
this a thing why do I love this why is
this the reason I'm alive why is this so
why is me I could just stare this for
ten days
another example of someone not knowing
what to meme is door closes slowly the
ghost of my room footage paranormal
story of time what is scary
Natalia told me to do that no more I
collect your oh I really am but really
like this one
I think it's that ever since so cute
clip over that's my foot cam I cringe it
camera brisket what is a breast and
pound away it youtuber trips youtuber I
found out about didn't broke my leg
story time
hold on when someone says I don't like
beams oh I can zoom it on my face on
here once I wanted I hate : but then you
realize it means more money why is this
perfect why is this neat why do I just
may cure us George I don't understand is
this sort of funny to be snatched yeah
boy got that small the difference
Oh oh boy spaghetti foods out of your
audience and a few watch my video would
trash it's just the faces I think it's
just why do I make faces like that like
I I'm doing it right now
I make your mean face as we speak like
for me this wow what are you doing our
AP keep your hands away from me so scare
concern that's my favorite dodge line
concern taking magic you like this like
wow oh
friend what did your Cody do last night
Tara nothing much friend tell me I want
to know how your relationship is Kara I
try to pull his pubes out quote on story
time contra Bridget I like bread
Oh again Oh again oh now that's sad good
love that's even sadder oh oh get work
this is too relatable I love this I said
mrs. so many people a Christmas thank
you whoever made this or the only gift
you can afford is friendship and then I
just appear in boxes yeah the ones it'd
be like looking really distressed in my
favorite I don't go outside court really
I hate this why does care of Bridget
workman go
Kiera Bridget goes to work man honestly
me I just had a glad that I'm like Savin
a picture too because when he smiles it
really scares me in so ideas your mom
eats crumpets is one ask your opinion
but I tried as a dog underneath that
it's an A or is that just me boy Kiera
Bridget Garrett omelette and that is it
that is that is where I'm ending this if
you're not following me you're missing
out on a lot okay I'll leave it right
there subscribe for more great satire
comedy like this I need to go over to my
whitewater film for now bye
