hello there christmas is a time of
happiness where people are generally
happy and having a great time and it's
not really the time for creepy
conspiracy theories that will just ruin
everything for you but hey I have a
tendency to ruin everything says 99% of
my hate comments so crimpers conspiracy
theories get ready for your Christmas to
be ruined
yes celebrations and death my business
so I got contacted by a game I'm sure
you've all heard of by now best fiends
best fiends is a free puzzle adventure
game where you like collect things like
characters and you can upgrade them and
do really cool stuff of them by matching
same colored objects in the game to
defeat the slugs
senpai is that you this month the whole
game will be turned into a holiday
themed wonderland and there will even be
new Christmas themed fiend style skins
that was a lot of feet
quite a wide contact all I'm a level 54
and I don't know if that proves to you
that I played the game or not because
boy I spent a lot of time dedication
getting off that level so try and beat
me you won't be able to and you can also
connect the game to Facebook to be able
to compete with all of your friends on
their scores on a really cool new
leaderboard and you can download the
game for free by clicking the link in
the description you're welcome
convenience so yeah download Best Fiend
it will be really fun and I would have
promote something to you that I don't
think is a cool product so there you go
Merry Christmas
as I mentioned today I am going to be
sharing with you some Christmas
conspiracy theories mainly some like
Christmas movie conspiracy theories also
some really weird I got quite a lot of
these from the same website so if your
link in description because cite your
sources kids this one is a fan fairy
so thanks fan and the theory is that
buddy the elf is actually a superhuman
slash mutant elf and is on a mission to
save Christmas the whole purpose for
buddies adventures New York was so Santa
could see body strengths and weaknesses
for example calling a Christmas tree
through the whole of New York completely
unseen decorating Macy's perfectly
overnight I'm literally walking from the
North Pole to New York I can do that I'm
fit shut up and you know why sir
wanted to see buddy shrimp's mrs. K to
test if buddy was strong enough to go to
the South Pole and fight the elves who
were trying to destroy Christmas
happiness and joy so the movie and might
matter before quests Christmas Christmas
it's a very popular movie indeed I'm
sure most people who watched it if you
haven't get out and don't don't any dad
revenue all the characters in it are
dead because you know Halloween death
you know you know however there is a
theory that everyone in the town is in
the town because they died a horrible
tragic death and maybe that would be
apparent from all the weird scars and
the weird shapes and all the weird
markings on all of the characters in it
but then it makes you think what kind of
good deaths at the people in Christmas
town get you know the kind of death I'd
have eating too much of something bad
for you that tastes delicious and then
getting diabetes and things like get me
me me
relatable guessing fast and happy and
dying now this one did kind of ruin the
movie for me it kind of and that is that
Kevin from home alone grew up to be
jigsaw from saw the most terrifying
movies of all time to me this makes
perfect sense throughout the movie home
alone
Kevin displays some serious anger
control issues and kind of a fetish for
violent fantasies
I mean he's terribly bullied at home
he's a small child he's a young child
that doesn't really get any attention so
if my family were abusing me and beating
me I'm sure I'd be having some violent
fantasies about abusing and beating them
too however later on and move
Kevin become somewhat fascinated with
the neighbor old man Marley who is
supposedly a serial killer and the cruel
way he would murder his victims by
imprisoning them and mummifying them
imprisoning them is the main part and if
this doesn't shout future serial killer
to you I don't know what does and as you
can maybe like work out from certain
serial killers sometimes serial killers
or people who just especially messed up
in the head have suffered some sort of
abuse or mistreatment or nicolette in
their past
seriously affects you in your life and
then when the burglars break in and he
makes these elaborate traps I can even
finger lord knows I'm really sorry
Christmas he booby-trapped his whole
house and basically maimed two grown men
each twice the size of him in addition
to that do you remember that like
hallucination that Kevin had of the
furnace downstairs that he was always
scared of because it looked like he had
a mouth it looked like a monster it was
kind of terrifying this big part is big
thing that scares men his childhood may
have impacted him in his later life for
example one trap in saw is whether it's
a basement with a giant furnace in it
similar to the one in Kevin's basement
in home alone jigsaw places the antidote
for a poison that he poisoned the victim
with inside the furnace so the victim
went into the furnace to go and get that
antidote to the poison so he doesn't die
but then the furnace or shot and he dies
and you know what we've a couple more
years development and a degree it's like
a Pascal I'm sure that can lead to some
serious serial killer ism in 1985 a
nine-year-old girl went downstairs on
Christmas to find her mother missing and
Santa laying on the floor by her chimney
dead dead and some weird people come and
investigated the body and decided that
hey go this is your dad but then they go
said that her dad was already dead and
had been dead which leads some
conspiracy was sound to actually alive
and they'd sad to die because I don't
know about you but Christmas just isn't
feeling real anymore so yeah that's it
for this video that's really all if you
get it's really difficult find Christmas
conspiracy fairies I hope you enjoyed it
I hope you learnt something that you
didn't learn at school because I'm more
interesting than school drop out of
school watch me all day don't do that
don't ever ask me for advice anyway I
hope you enjoyed this video be sure to
download best fiends to start with and
secondly follow all of my social media
my Instagram my Twitter and my snapchat
is down blah it'll be really nice if you
did that let me know in the comments
like wood door weirdest Christmas things
anything anything and subscribe and like
this video and tell me notifications oh
my gosh did I mention this YouTube's
been doing this thing I'm showing you
know about it where it unsubscribe
people to channels don't do that press
row notifications and tweet escrito of
its me on Twitter and maybe I'll follow
you are yeah this has been fun okay bye
mm-hm
