I saw dogs today I'm going to be telling
you a story if something happened to me
I think like two weeks ago and yeah I
was traumatized however I may add that
this does slightly resemble one of those
clickbait beauty guru like story times
like I almost make me bitch did you dye
it no are you dad no then shut up you
don't have permission to make this video
neither do white but I'm gonna do it
anyway
we'll break up damn school however this
isn't an under exaggeration at all in
any sense I didn't almost die but I
could have died if I was any later or
any earlier I'm dead my squished dead
not even like I look she died like no
death mutilated disgusting gross death
death but like hey if when you're here
before I start my name is Kara I had
posted on here kind of like once a week
recently because I've been kind of busy
and I'm making excuses and I'm spending
more time making excuses and they aren't
being productive that hey and also I'm
on clap channel called Josh you may have
seen it you've probably seen it assist
for video any reason why oh yeah go and
subscribe that because I kind of the two
videos a week because I upload a video
once a week on they're going great it's
lit yeah for now let's go so I guess I
should give you a little bit of a
preface before I get into the story now
my school is in a really weird place
it's in a really nice kind of area but
in a weird place it's on top of like a
hill kind of and there's roads that go
up to it really thin narrow roads with
no phone service
and very windy and rounded entries
great place to MLS someone if you're in
to get out and every single day we drive
up this long windy narrow road to get to
my school on top of the hill I must add
this is a very dangerous road
many many many many many car accidents
have occurred on this particular road I
would leave in news reports but I don't
want to get killed I'm so busy
procrastinating I don't have time to do
verse talk right now fangs okay bye
anyways so yeah and another fact about
this road it says there's water pipes
leading all the way underneath it and a
lot of the time I'd say I don't know
twenty thousand and sixty seven times a
year these water pipes burst and the
water goes everywhere now usually it's
all good it's all fine sometimes the
road gets blocked off sometimes as
traffic sometimes those repairs
sometimes as repairs but honestly I feel
like most of the time it's just left and
then fix a really inconvenient time so
this time on this fateful day the water
pipe decided to burst a drop of the road
on the top of the hill and the water
from the burst water pipe obviously ran
downhill because gravity science I'm
really smart and this one particular
night the temperature dropped into like
minus degrees if you live in America or
somewhere else we use from height that
make no sense that's like below freezing
so that's when water left out turns into
ice and what happens here's some science
when a thin layer of water gets frozen
is it creates sheet ice which covers a
road however it's quite invisible to
look at so you can't see it but it's
literally like walking on an ice rink
it's undriveable your wheels just spin
it's a complete mess and this is purely
because I just have the tendency that
when there is a bad situation going on I
just fall into it I don't put myself
into it the one time the little time
slot something that happened we were in
it
nomads so we're driving up the road and
it's kind of you know driving on as
usual however we notice a bit of ice so
we're driving up and on the other side
of the road like as it turns we see a
car kind of swerve and I'm like you just
see that did you cut see this class what
kind of dangerous you know just like
cars just like driving and also I'm the
car just like you know I mean you know I
mean everything oh my gosh just stay
safe drive slowly be careful well the
corners go slowly you know I mean I
don't know how to drive figure them
five years old but if I did then that is
whatever dick doesn't count to driving
up and up and up and the higher you get
up this hill the steeper it gets to his
sorts of going like that and then it
kind of get you know I mean so again
near the top to one of the last bends
and on the steepest part of the hill
that is a turning and when you're on the
hill you can't see around the turning
because there's trees and houses and
it's terrifying because this road is so
narrow as we're getting upset we start
to notice while the car is kind of
slipping a little bit and we're driving
up and driving up driving up and being
careful when all of a sudden this car
comes and swerves in front of us boy oh
wow now this car driving down the other
side of the road
this is else going that way this cars
coming this way no song it's like oh
yeah that's go in front of you
cool so this one's on the ice and now
it's sideways in the road blocking after
I'm guessing up we can't turn around
because we've realized the road is too
icy to turn around and do anything it's
probably even too icy to try and drive
up with stuck you just look so resisting
they're waiting for the car to try and
turn itself around and continue to go
down and just you know continue its life
because it wasn't bad it was just
terrifying and such a near-miss when
another car drives around the bend and
because you can't see around the bend
it only notices the car when it crashes
into it cute oh and guess what third car
comes along so now at this point there
is like a free car pileup and we're just
standing in front of it in our car
standing the car is standing we're just
sitting in the car in front of this
massive pileup waiting for something to
happen at any point a Carter slick and
come right into us auntie kill us this
was a more terrifying part it would have
been okay if we was in the actual crash
because if it's over and done when we
could have got out we could have sat on
the side waiting for the police to come
the ambulance to come whatever come and
get the cars fixed and out of the way
but no it was just a suspense of waiting
to die however this first part it really
wasn't that bad the crash wasn't really
that bad we watch the people come out we
watch them exchange their insurer I
don't know adults do and it was like
so they all started to get back into
their cars together and for hey let's
drive along let's fix the situation
work work work do so and drive away
which they did however as the cars
started as the cars were trying to get
back down the hill and get out of being
collided of each other they pulled up on
the curb because the road was really icy
and I assume any kind of a break after
being in a crash like that and this
meant that our side of the road was
clear to go week it was clear to drive
up because the cars had moved on to the
other side where all of a sudden this
massive van comes down the rock from the
other side thinks what is cars doing
swerves in front of us not because the
dies on purpose
and decides to park right in front of us
facing us and blocks off the road so we
can't get up and yet again we are
screwed and you will not believe what
happens another two cars come down you
know what they did already they drove
away happily yeah that's right no they
crashed and it was such a loud flood it
wasn't just like you're only on him no
it was like a booth kind of it was a
thought we could hear at the windows
were a crook like I don't know like
three meters away from that and we could
hear it was so loud it was so intense it
was terrifying so now this is when
things started getting quite scary and
quite serious so at this point the cars
were all kind of crashed together in
front of us it was really intense
and it was so scary because we were just
facing it and the ice was so slippery I
wouldn't have even trusted the cars
brakes on my eye it was really difficult
to get past the fact that one of these
cars probably isn't going to come
through and crash into us but it could
have done in football and sipping
terrified me and it could happen and so
these people were getting out of their
cars and exchanging their own sure it's
never thing because I was all in a big
collision like a really intense one on
an icy Hill and we were just watching it
so we're doing all right
adult is stuff again and people falling
over in
no don't mean like own yeah following
the like huh no I mean like fooling
overly enjoying themselves for and over
it was really bad you couldn't even walk
on the ice like we would have gotten out
of the car and sat by a little Bank of
grass at the side but you could not walk
on this ice and I was wearing like
little leather like loafers now this was
the absolutely most horrifying part
where I live on Tuesdays it's a day that
the rubbish guy comes and takes away our
stuff like unwanted waste puts it into
the big disposal thing in the massive
truck and leaves Tuesday is that day so
there's tons of these like things like
driving around they're massive and we
were sitting there terrified all we
could think about was what if one of
these comes around the corner right now
it wouldn't be able to stop is so huge
it will crush the car it will crush us
imminent death fun and it's really hard
to like capture in a video and I know
thought you will say oh you're being
pathetic get over yourself if you've
ever been in a situation like that a
really suspenseful situation you'll know
exactly what I mean I was having like a
full-blown panic attack it was Oh too
much now what surprised me is that an
ambulance showed up and took some people
away so I don't know what happened maybe
someone got like whiplash I don't know
hub whiplash from skiing before well I'm
a great skier clearly SPEA people were
taking away an ambulance and that's when
it got really scary too then
everything's terrifying or gosh kit are
you fine now somehow the craft knives
just straighten themselves out and we
were really angry at the Stan because
the second crash was completely his
fault because he wanted to look and see
what happened his he's an idiot so I
fought my mom so I was like hey karaoke
take take a picture of the crash get the
light fans registration write it down
whatever so we can maybe see something
about it was his fault
and I thought okay so she could picture
and gara dicks I'm gonna insert it right
now
so I'm gonna quickly like try and
explain this picture because it doesn't
look as bad in the picture that actually
was it doesn't look half as bad actually
in the picture than it actually was
okay he goes so this word you have to
remember is
in sheet ice it's so slippery you
couldn't stand that that's whereas
people standing behind those cars
holding on because standing in front
they were just falling over falling all
over the place and all people falling
over I don't know if you see the old
lady with the gray hair back there she
fell over and it was really sad yeah
okay
next secondly this doesn't look as
severe as actually is firstly because
the original two cars from the first
crash had pulled away by this point they
were gone down the road only where they
are that car that's on the curb like
looks like it's parked up was parked
there that's when the van came in and
then that's when I don't know I don't
know what car it was but one of the cars
came down crashed into something I don't
know but then they managed to sort
themselves out and this this is where it
looked okay this is as they were just
about to drive away you know what I mean
I'm making literally no sense but that
van is a poop and needs to go away like
you can see what he's done wrong like we
can drive up past that wall over the
crash next to it he totally screwed us
over and we couldn't turn around because
I don't know if you can see the side of
the road you can see like the trail of
water running down and I don't if you
can see the car on the very right you
can see like a sheen like a sheen over
the road next to it that's ice I don't
know this is really bad explanation but
yeah that's why it doesn't look as bad
as it is but on people think I'm like
click baiting and over-exaggerating
because it was really awful that's why
I'm trying to explain it right now and
this was after the ambulance came and
took some people away so there was like
more people but it took like four people
I don't I don't know their names or
their story okay yeah so basically
that's what happened if you have any
questions please please feel free to ask
me in a non-hostile way okay I'm just
trying to make sense of everything also
I was really scared and nervous at a
time and I wasn't really thinking of
let's whip out my phone and take a
picture of a car crash yes people know
I'm not that much of a professional
youtuber
okay but enjoy the video think of it
like from duck or bad luck forever
follow me yeah bye as you can see at
this stage it doesn't look that bad I
think Walker you really oh yeah and it
was terrifying them straighten himself
out because they could have felt the you
know they could slip down that anything
went wrong would have directly impacted
us finally they were managed to get away
it was great little drove away
was rejoice hallelujah you know and but
then it was still of the case us getting
down when I managed to drive into
someone else's driveway turn around
there and turn around and go back
downhill because a man told us they're
going up would be too dangerous and I'm
quite close to my school so I want you
down the hill you're closer to my house
and you are to my school and we didn't
want to be in the car for a minute long
we were so traumatized were sociopaths I
couldn't really speak we were trying to
catch our breath it was really
terrifying and I don't wish that feeling
upon anybody
I thought remember a guy in the van
because he's kind of the reason that
happened he's completely off the sled so
we turn around I went home I sat in bed
all day and felt sorry for myself so
yeah that is the instant of a car crash
and if you're gonna take something from
this actually do take something from
this be safe if the roads are icy if you
can avoid an icy road like that avoid it
drive away don't do dangerous things
report report water leaks on roads oh my
gosh it's so dangerous I nearly died uh
see my name's Cara follow me on my
social media you know ma'am why did I
say that so cringy so subscribe as it
goes - because I have hurdle now once a
week is wrong so really corners really
funny you know me around wrong and don't
die bye
