hi Illuminati Israel today I'm going to
be debunking some conspiracy theories I
don't know if you remember you probably
do there was a little phase on the
internet where everyone's like a
conspiracy very don't believe anything
they tell you and I did partake in that
two times but now I'm like mmm I don't
actually believe like any of them and
I'm gonna debunk some I'm gonna try very
much this isn't me saying oh this isn't
real blah believe everything the
government tells you eat your vegetables
no that's what we're doing that this is
me just like finding some evidence
finding some proof onehans know they
could disprove debunk these conspiracy
theories I don't necessarily believe in
all of this stuff and like believe in
the debunking nurse there's just some
stuff I found it's some stuff that maybe
you'd like to think in your brain don't
fight with me please so the first one
I'm going to try and attempt to debunk
which I'm sure is a reason all of you
are here got to get those views care is
the Mandela effect here we go again
now I did my research and one I'm going
to try and debunk today is the mirror
mirror on the wall thing from Subway
now when I heard about this I fought
well it's like either of them I've had
people say both how people say magic
mirror on the wall and I've had people
say mirror mirror on the wall because
that's the conspiracy fairy you know you
know what this Mandela effect is that it
has changed from being mirror mirror on
the wall to now being magic mirror on
the wall but that isn't the case the
original Brothers Grimm story of Snow
White does translate into mirror mirror
on the wall that's what the very
original story says mirror mirror on the
wall still says that to this day now
that is probably the story you remember
your parents telling you as you were a
kid or like people like I don't know
children doing children things I think
never
I don't know what I'd say like you know
I mean I ask what I always thought you
know it's the easiest phrase for a child
to say and kids tend to like repetition
but then Disney went along and made a
movie now Disney has a tendency to alter
the original stories from whoever wrote
them into their own thing so they can
take all of the credit because Disney's
a bitch I don't trust them so in the
Disney movie they changed it to magic
mirror on the wall but it doesn't change
the fact the original story still says
mirror mirror on the wall Disney just
wanted to like shake things up and for
the people saying no no no in Disney
movie was always Mirror Mirror
no it wasn't that's what I thought as
well so don't come back with all oh yeah
but millions of people have this whole
experience another thing not Disney
literally just changed it that's what
they did and there are things like it's
a really old movie the audio maybe like
not quite clear as you work today is
really hard to sort of like make out
what everyone's saying like in that
particular scene that's like music and
like big dramatic things and a child
watching it probably just skip that part
in his brain it goes it says mirror
mirror on the wall because that's just
the easiest thing to say and you've
probably heard it before
children don't pick up tiny little
details like that I don't think if this
wasn't the Mandela effect and this
wasn't like oh my gosh yeah I'm just
gonna jump on a coat out of this thing
link views then I'm sure you would have
noticed it either
that's just my you know so yeah I hope
you can grow from that and there is a
really good website and it shows you
like possible explanations for
conspiracy fruits for example next one
chick-fil-a one now this isn't
definitive proof that this isn't real
and one example of why a lot of people
for it said chick as n CH IC and instead
of CH IC k is because on the packaging
of a lot of their food the K gets cut
out and it gets put into like the fold I
don't know if you know what that means
I can't relate to this one because
obviously we don't have that and like
the humble land of England where the
Queen brains and we all just like drink
tea from legs you know
we'll link the website and you can go
and watch it for yourself because the
next conspiracy theory I'm going to be
attempting to debunk is the JFK
assassination and well the US
government's gonna love me after this
one apparently according to some surveys
59% of Americans still believe JFK
assassination is a whole conspiracy now
this doesn't disregard the fact that
there may still be a conspiracy
surrounding these things especially
things like the moon landing which I'm
going to go on do but it may not be the
conspiracy theory you think it is it may
not be the most popular one it might not
be like the one that everyone is like oh
my gosh err the aliens kill JFK but it
may be something else do you know what I
mean
this is yes now if you don't know about
the JFK assassination you can watch a
video of it which I have watched a
multitude of times and I'm kind of
scarred but like kind of a freak
on November 22nd 1963 exposed president
john f kennedy what does ef stand for I
don't know was riding in a car like an
open-top car through Texas so like
everyone could look at him and be like
hey president not school like you're a
president cool but I don't get it but
yeah that happened until they heard some
gunshots and boom he was dead boy boom
girl p.m. now the conspiracy theory
surrounding this surrounds the little
bullet like shot him
a guy called Lee Harvey Oswald was held
guilty and I think shot down for the
assassination of JFK but a lot of people
questioned this there is a conspiracy
theory called the magic bullet
conspiracy theory that says the position
they were sitting that was impossible
from where Oswald was standing to have
been able to shoot him so people start
to think hmm who did it
was it the aliens was et was it a Nazi
based on the moon was it the government
was it Kylie Jenner I don't know but a
lot of people started to say due to the
position they were sitting in in the car
with the driver in front of
okay and Jeff K behind him and get out
of diagrams and really bad explaining
that it technically it wouldn't have
been possible for the bullet to go
around multiple directions and change
directions midair which defies the laws
of everything in the whole universe also
wound to the driver and then kill the
president behind him
however in that diagram I just shown you
the conspiracy theory people I don't
know who makes them who drew that up
assumed that the driver and JFK were
equal height but no you were wrong bitch
you fault where JFK was sitting in the
back of the car he was elevated and the
driver was sat like down here so this is
JFK this is him because no one wants to
see the driver everyone wants to see the
president but you know like although I'm
sure there were a few people cheering on
yonder dog but like you know but no JFK
had to be risen because you know he was
just casually the president you know
casually the president he's not sitting
at equal height to those feathers no
because he's like really casually the
president also the conspiracy theorists
must have assumed that JFK and the
driver were both sitting facing forward
in their car but no their bodies were
turned they were waving all their
cheering fans and cheering dirt poor
peasant civilians that have come to see
them you know like so much you look it
from that way
the drivers down here JFK's up here and
their bodies are both done in some way
the bullet from where else will just
standing just go straight through them
and kills it like makes no sense but it
does so I guess that's the Magic Bullet
fairy debunked that it didn't just twist
in the air inlet she just went straight
through both of them like cool and that
can seriously ferry I'm going to attempt
to debunk is 911 now a lot of people
like to say that the twin towers fell at
at freefall speed which is untrue
because a lot of people like to say the
government puts some sort of explosives
in there blew it all up and then they
fell really fast but I don't buy that of
course I'm not saying that there isn't
some sort of government involvement in
911 because I don't know that may have
been but I'm just saying I really don't
think they planted bombs inside of the
Twin Towers make them fall down at
freefall speed because bitch they did a
fall down a freefall beat and I'm going
to tell you why
yeah I second
it's physically impossible when you look
at videos of the Twin Towers falling you
can see it looks like they're falling
incredibly fast freefall speed but when
you look again you realize they aren't
because you can see debris falling off
of the Twin Towers falling faster than
the Twin Towers themself are collapsing
now these objects are going to be
falling at free fall at free full speed
because they're just plummeting through
the air the Twin Towers when they
collapsed they have to work their way
down and a lot of people expected the
buildings to have tipped over to
crumbled into a big mush but that's not
how the buildings were engineered they
were engineered to withstand things like
this those kind of buildings in the
biggest cities in the world can't just
be like oh no she's gonna put a huge
building here and if something goes
wrong I was just gonna kill everyone
like great it's fine no they have to put
four and F into it and they need to
always prepare for the worst the twin
towers were designed if something was to
happen to them that they would collapse
like this they would go straight down
rather than just tipping over and
killing everyone now I've known this for
a really long time because I have like
such an interest in buildings but that's
like a whole nother thing but a lot of
people don't know this and I'm like when
I hear this theory I'm like how stupid
could you P do I think there's some
exterior involvement apart from some
crazy terrorists wanna kill everyone in
911 most definitely but do I think that
the government planted bombs inside the
Twin Tower today would fall down and for
free school food even though they didn't
I can't say free schools no no now
another one I would like to debunk is
one I'm sure a lot of people are
probably interested in seeing right and
that is the moon landing conspiracy
theory I very much do think there is
something going on with the moon landing
and I talked about this in another video
where I talked about the moon landing
conspiracy theory and I gave you the
facts I gave you all the stuff I found
out at
out how the moon-landing could have been
faked and then I said I don't really buy
this I'm gonna try and debunk it here
you go now in some pictures of no
Armstrong putting the American flag into
the moon's ground like I'm sure the moon
appreciated that you can see the fabric
of the you can see the fabric of the
flag kind of like waving in the wind but
there is no air on the moon so what is
it waving in there is a very extremely
simple explanation to this which I think
people are just like too stupid or just
like want something to be scared about
NASA design the American flag so that
when they put it up it would extend out
and the flag would droop down from it so
it just didn't just hang there just off
like groping wrapping itself around the
pole just looking like complete idiot
however on the way up to the moon
casually the flag got really like
wrinkled up inside of its case so when
they pulled it out the flag was wrinkled
at the bottom just so happened it looked
good and it look a pic and that's it it
was just a wrinkled flag there was no
air there was just wrinkles on the flag
another theory is that there was this
rock with a seat on it as you can see I
will show an image of it right here and
everyone was like well that must be a
prop why would you just like to leave
that that of the sea on it so it must be
a prop you know that must be like hey
this is Roxy put it there in place for
Roxy you know what I mean but then I
think are you sure they would really
hire someone that stupid to fake the
moon landing there the government they
can be kind of stupid sometimes anyway
but to have that many flaws of the plan
would be ridiculous now the moon
landings like super old so they have
those tape things and they're like
pieces of paper or everyone you put them
in the thing and it reads it on this
particular part where the rock is shown
there was a hair that resembles some
kind of like armpit hair
I don't know where the rock was and it
just looks like it says Roxy it just
happened to be in a very unfortunate
place and it just showed up sorry
that is it today for the debunking
conspiracy video and honestly my brain
kind of hurts it was it's a lot of
learning if there are any other
conspiracy theories you want me to
debunk let me know I will do them as
soon as possible this was kind of fun
kind of difficult I'm just lazy I'm
sorry about lack of videos I made that
hope is obviously fixed now if I'm
making this video I hope you like this I
hope it was good for your brain and let
me know some more stuff you want me to
do subscribe and follow me on my social
media I always forget that okay like the
video get it to 69 thousand likes to
save the Illuminati port bye
