my name is Kara and I am running for
president I believe that we are living
in an age without too many human beings
I believe we are living in an age where
everyone is the absolute worst and needs
to be obliterated God isn't real Buddha
dead Allah the Antichrist
there is one ultimate power in this
world and that is me some of my policies
include exterminating the whites
slaughtering the blacks there Kappa
tating the Hispanics and eradicating
everyone in-between kara how will you
fight the war on Islamic state here's
what I'll do forget about it like
Raschid over cheese kara is your rule
going to be something like a Nazi regime
yes 50 concentration camps across the
United States and I'll be putting every
single person in them because I am not
discriminate Kyra do you plan to use
nuclear weapons yes yes I do
Gera what is your stance on abortion
abortion is not a right abortion is not
a privilege
abortion is compulsory how else am I
supposed to eradicate this country of
human beings and people are having
children come on Kara do you believe in
gay rights
I do not discriminate against any human
being and that is why I believe that not
one human being not a rich white man not
a poor peasants girl have any words none
of you have rights I have you at all
done that's it you may be thinking wow
you're a 16 year old girl you don't have
American citizenship you're not 14 years
of resident you are not 35 years of age
why should we take you seriously and
that is because I am above the law I am
an exception to the rule I plan to build
a wall a wall a mile radius around
myself
when me and colony of badges live with
advanced technology of time travel
puffy and advanced space travel
I plan to befriend the aliens resurrect
JFK and disprove the freaking Mandela
effect because it's stupid I plan to
doubt and get lit all over this place I
plan to literally kill everyone I
believe that this world was made for me
the polls have shown to be a hundred and
six percent in my favor everyone's
voting for me I believe it is time to
make America great again
oh you know at least like a mild
improvement thank you also i
assassinated Hillary and Trump so I'm
actually literally going to be the
president now like great bill what's the
nuclear code
