you may be thinking Cara why is this
such a mess of a video on your channel
and my responses we clearly haven't
watched any of my other videos because
they're all the mascara why do you look
so bad I always look like this I just
don't let you see it but hey today I'm
just gonna let loose and be real because
that's what I'm all about
I'm wearing this teacher that I bought
in San Francisco for a team I don't even
know what sport this is oh look I'm a
sporty girl
I'm really like I'm not and look at
stains like great that's why I was
crying myself to sleep one night Cara
why do you have so many dangerous
weapons and because I'm gonna sleep over
I'm kidding and because I'm gonna be
like every cliche Halloween youtuber and
carve a pumpkin but oh no I'm gonna do a
twist on this this is a DIY yeah so my
pumpkin he is here in this basket oh you
so heavy and well I'm going through
doing some very special um to him today
this is pumpkin carving meme edition so
I think I'm just going to get down to
business and defeat the huns and harvest
pumpkin but first I don't want to mess
up my already damaged thing with no bra
on underneath so I'm gonna have to rock
me an outfit don't cry kids cry so I'm
gonna just take one of these
get it cuz I'm trash and I think for my
Halloween attire to really get in the
spirit I'm gonna go as they are a sexy
cat a sexy cat high bred with Harlequin
okay let's do it
Wow such artistic so creative trash
honestly I think that this is the best
Harley Quinn makeup tutorial that is on
the Internet today although there isn't
really that many
honestly perfect now we just have to add
the cat details who would have guessed
that this would turn into a makeup
tutorial you will not spam trash I am so
I can't really help myself I'm flow
rapper you doing this with masks are
like great I'm not gonna put this on my
eye after or anything
people are gonna rape me in the comments
and just to make it a little bit sexy
and I'm ready let's recap Harley Quinn
hybrid does goddess bumpkin tell me
now I'm going to be making a Doge
pumpkin today if you don't know what
doges I will show you some examples now
you might be wondering how I got this
absolutely beautiful design on my
pumpkin I wonder - it's actually really
brilliant for me what I did was I got an
image of I just googled pumpkin carving
Doge and it came up with a template of
doges day I'll like leave links
overthinking description right so I get
the image and I put it baby on an a4
sheet of paper print it out and then I
hold it over the pumpkin and I taped it
all down the paper wrapped around it and
then I got a really sharp thing I use
one of those things you know that you've
used to draw circles with let me find
out I use one of these and I literally
just like stabbed through the paper and
made the holes so yeah that's what I'm
gonna be doing today but I'm gonna
select one of my weapons and get carving
and really shouldn't be trusted with
this let's go how do you start this no
honestly I'm gonna have to Google this I
can show you hold up I have no idea how
you do that how do you start this I have
the best idea ever
beside this electric eraser for drawing
kind of like a vibrator look apartment
burned just again will you touch it and
maybe this can burn away the pumpkin
skin I guess never I know if you try
people using some wood burning stuff I
guess is pretty much the same thing why
is this working
so if you don't have something that will
like burn shave everything Kuwait ask
your parents if they have a chainsaw so
what actually I don't even ask them I'm
just going to get it why is this working
my camera's about to run out of battery
great Just My Luck so I'm going to
charge it and finish peeling the pumpkin
and meanwhile I'm gonna try and find out
the way to do it with the knife as well
so you and regular cutter users know how
to do it you're welcome thank you bye by
the way it's not even my braces just the
color of the wire so I've got this far
Wow such well such Halloween very hollow
very ween and now I just have to uh
slice this and it's kind of stuck I like
seven why am I allowed to do this mother
so yeah you can watch this train wreck
why is my mother letting me do this what
am i doing a Halloween pumpkins DIY if I
don't even know how to get into the
pumpkin you know what the ironic part is
I don't even like pumpkin guys I did it
I didn't even work oh my gosh I did it I
did it I give up I give up and let's see
if it comes off boy
great oh my fingers stuck oh yeah have I
honestly been filming me groping a
pumpkin this whole time that's
embarrassing so I'm just gonna give you
a tour off the inside of my vagina
I mean pumpkin okay oh yeah why am I
even gonna put a like a candle in I
could just put my phone in it doesn't
show through okay back to work now I
have a bowl ready and I'm gonna just
scoop it out and put it in there
okay so that marks the end of my special
Halloween dodge pumpkin the Harley Quinn
sexy cat makeup tutorial video I hope
you liked it I hope it made you so wet
and I hope you came ten times
say hi jet Mon okay bye non qez bye
like comment subscribe I don't know how
to decide
