oh I'm hi my name's Kara I'm hideous
and people keep requesting so I'm kind
of like thing like cool makeup tutorial
for me so I'm like yeah sure like I want
to teach you how to be like fabulous I
mean like not everyone was blessed as
beautiful as me so uh let's go welcome
to Kara's and salon where I teach you
how to be pretty like me I'm beautiful
and amazing which like obviously not
because like why else would you be here
you know I'm like joking like if you
don't know it like you feel like easily
triggered that's what I'm gonna like tie
my hair off like get out of the way of
like my face so it like doesn't get
stuff in it and get dirty so I can pull
off washing it for another week
yup that will do now if you have flaky
skin like me that fools offices are
inconvenient senem nourish it so I get
this oil which I use in like two videos
and so I'm not like gonna go into detail
and I put some on my hand and well you
just put it in the place you look like a
crossing moldy piece of bread so uh here
you go
now just a disclaimer I don't really
wear makeup like on a day-to-day basis I
wear like mascara and that's like it
really because I'm just like such a
flawless like bitch like I just don't
need it but I do like really cakey on
like ten inches like deep or my face
like that's not even my real fight it's
just a shield like when I'm on YouTube
were like when I'm taking a selfie so
yeah I'm gonna teach you how to be
beautiful like that now I used to use
makeup ever Ultra HD foundation which I
still do recommend to you to this day
but I ran out of it and I like mutilated
it like trying to get out and try to let
literally cut it open because there's no
way to open this bottle now it's like
clearly a lot left in there so I'm mad
so I vowed never to buy again because a
scam like don't buy from fraudsters kids
now I use this which is like not even
like as good belly and it was like
wampie like it just like crossed my
finger and yeah like it's cheap and it
makes my face look kind of cheap too but
like it's good if you know I mean like
I'm not buying me off one again like I'd
rather look like a scaly fish then pay
so much money for something that's gonna
scan me so I'm gonna grab my Beauty
Blender which I didn't bother to get
down because I'm I'm too lazy even
though I probably should
a celebrity shouldn't have to do these
kind of things okay i dampened my beauty
blunder and that took so much effort now
I need a beauty nut wait no not a beauty
nap just a regular nut because I'm
already beautiful I just like pump this
on my hand like me demonstrate
done this is my least favorite part we
could take so much effort now dragging
it down to your neck it's like optional
I'm joking don't be that bitch I'm a
camera dying nice and well I'm a camera
dime I don't really remember where I
left off so like next thing so like
after but this thing on my face yeah so
I'm not I'm not entirely sure how you
apply a powder and I've never really
been one to powder or put much on my
face like this whole thing is like new
to me like I bought my first bottle
foundation like this year then it gets
everywhere I don't know oh my gosh look
oh my gosh I pooped myself but Kara poop
said look Kara had a period like I hear
this every day and it seems to work I
don't think I do it right you know
delightful
go choke here okay it's like this is my
face now I think it's kind of hilarious
how I go from like super crusty and
dried like super shiny and they're like
mediocre just like my wife go for that
whole process just to get like the
normal texture of skin oh I can see
myself in mirrors and then like that
this whole time stop okay so next I feel
like I need to do something to my face
to make it look like less the way it is
now I'm gonna do like kind of the eye
makeup from like one thing and everyone
was telling me like oh my gosh our eyes
look really nice turn this selfie feel
free to go and like it and it looked
like I actually like / and her like my
parents for once I'm going to use a
naked free palette okay wow I look
hideous up close so I'm gonna get this
shade cool noona it's that one right
there
let me swatch it for you oh I mean oh
okay you see how hairy my arms are let's
not do that oh my gosh
why me this is what I mean this is why I
don't go outside and I get it on its
like small little brush roll technique
it's like really tiny it's like good a
sticky on my nose and I do that I love
little more videos just called the
sandwich method and this is like the
bread of it but just put some bread on
your eyes and get it all over your face
in the process obviously so now you have
like the bread like the foundations
later on your eyes you can just like
take a little bit more like blend out
I'm actually not hideous at this like
I'm here is everything really not this
I'm not my face because I'm beautiful
obviously okay
hey I feel like some beauty guru
somewhere like wants to actually shoot
me you get this black one not like my
soul because my soul is a vibrant and
beautiful because I'm beautiful
like that's just such a cliche overused
joke you know bullying and tap and stuff
off this is the same movement with my
hands when I'm doing this with my money
you just like put a little bit black
over the top she really just use a
mirror oh geez
what difficult and I just covered the
lens up with miracle and again you're
just gonna blend out okay so this is a
sandwich method you've laid down your
belt but you have nothing in the middle
what do we put in the middle I shadow
trapped fingers gonna put in their
cheese no geez so you get like free of
these colors so just like that one on
that one I think it's like this one like
that I don't know what one is and you
just like really do that oh wait now I'm
supposed to get the brush wet not the
only thing I know how to get wet wait it
doesn't work make sure is hard and I
know how to get things hot moving on oh
no no quite a bit to earth hahaha I
can't use that joke it doesn't apply to
me and you just like there you go god
it's so shiny like let's pretend to be
Jeffrey stuff come on glitter uh yeah
come through glow oh my gosh you slay
boo ahh dab dab dab hey where's that I'm
just gonna get some of that like lighter
pinkier colors like right there okay you
can like put it here just like that doll
everything I like dinner blend out
because like I'm really bad at makeup
gosh I'm terrible I don't want to see
the worse so with a white I'm just like
gonna do that just like clear up because
I'm I'm not good at staying in the lines
whoa that light one that and I'm also
gonna get this brush I've used for like
everything else because I'm clean
and I'm just gonna like do that daddy
this is what you exit the video eyebrow
whoo
why am i dying um yeah if you're on my
ghost story time you should probably
watch it it took my good eyebrow brush
so uh great no I don't really do much I
just kind of like color in a little bit
and I don't like brush most about okay
so like that's disgusting oh yeah no I
get mascara this isn't what I usually
use I usually use they're real pie or I
use roller lash for benefit but I don't
like I use anyway and recently I've been
wearing blue mascara so I'm using this
and it's my mother
so how great well that's not good eye
infection she's got a disease I'm
kidding all that looks delightful
doesn't it I cannot do mascara on camera
it's disgusting
so if spiders start growing from your
eyes that's actually kind of like a look
you want to go for so I'm I think I'm
doing it right now
I don't really Bob wear false eyelashes
because like celebrities don't have time
for that lot so I'm like naturally
beautiful oh yeah Python I'm never
inviting a beauty guru to my house
because um they'll hang me I'm probably
making so many people so angry right now
what am i doing okay now my face is in
better shape than it was even though I
don't really see anything different
because like I'm just naturally
beautiful and then I get the same brush
because I'm a dirty bitch I get this oh
yeah nothing happened
highlighter I don't actually like own a
physical highlighter for some reason I
just just never crossed my mind to own
one so I have this one by the body shop
and it's not it's like a bunch of balls
in jarring that's where I like balls and
junk and I really do like the sweaty
upper lip flip so a really packet on
here looks like I've just been running
then people think like I'm extra skinny
like if I do this because I'll be like
covered in sweat and people that was
skinny sore like yeah okay I'm so
beautiful and then finally lipstick gray
so I already know like what wanted to do
so I'm feeling usual when they use like
in every video one that everyone asks
about is the NYX lip lingerie in exotic
so yeah
and if you might be a bit Kylie and like
go over like I do then you'd hopefully
can you you boo
and then like actually try and brush
your hair unlike me now like I look a
bit dumb because I'm dressed like a hobo
but like if you want just like a hobo
you'd look kind of beautiful and I like
I look beautiful and everything's like
yeah okay so here's how to be beautiful
like me I hope you enjoyed this tutorial
like comment and subscribe on this video
and also follow me on Instagram Twitter
and snapchat and see me be beautiful and
other platforms because you know you
want to do it boo happy know if you
follow me or behind the hottest person
in the world did you know that like you
don't want to take the risk like on for
me like don't for me do it now lick it
go follow me up just like you should
joking liquify see I'm kidding
jeez bye
