hi ignore that it's sunburned how do you
get some bone in England you ask I don't
know ask the Sun it's stupid it needs to
die
anyway this is the craziest video I
think I'll ever make in my whole entire
life the craziest thing I've ever done
and I kind of slept through trending on
Twitter so uh yeah but I Montana mojos
cloud channel you may be thinking Kerry
you told me wasn't yeah I didn't think I
was Eva I found out Saturday Saturday so
yeah I'm just as shocked as you are I'm
really need to pee right now like I'm
sitting like this I really need to pee I
haven't peed for like hours but like I
would sound more excited but it hasn't
quite sunk in and yeah but I am honestly
so freaking grateful
I'm so happy i'm so triggered in the
best way possible and it's all thanks to
someone really cool the best person in
the world my actual birth mother
thinking i was cool in some way and i'm
so incredibly grateful see ya i don't
really we haven't decided anything about
it so you should probably
they comment like some channel
suggestion name things we don't know
anything the people in it are so amazing
that see yeah they're amazing people and
I'm so grateful if you don't know who
they are or what you probably do because
they've got lots of subscribers and like
just me hello its me I'm irrelevant oh
these are channels done this you can
watch it but yeah keep a watch out thing
and follow me on Instagram Twitter and
snapchat because that's where I'll be
like you're probably talking about stuff
but like follow me on Instagram like do
it like do it now do it do it lick
there's like you should I think I'm
gonna go now and I'm too excited my
sunburn looks disgusting okay I love you
