hi waters up bitches and hoes and today
I am back in my natural habitat the
tumble of bitch white wall I'm so
necessary so today I return with another
video where I read things that people
critique me and put me down and make me
feel bad like myself on purpose because
views you know this can't be very
healthy for my self-esteem but I don't
have one anyway so I haven't really got
anything to lose heart lose what you
don't have hmm now Corey get into what
let's get serious for a second I'm
joking I could never do that I am so
appreciative of all of you all but the
majority very very very very nice and if
I get a hate comment if you use not
ridiculous and I'm like are you five
like are you five and is it 2:00 a.m.
and have you snuck into your parents
room stole their iPad and just literally
took your midnight crap on the screen
because like it's just that ridiculous
like I don't know liked anyone else do
that is anyone else like sneak inside
parents room and still I don't want to
cheat at nighttime and like go on the
internet just me okay you're all like
really nice and you all like me a lot
for some reason which I don't quite
understand done the biggest flop ah here
we go
I guess bitches and tops so my laptop
has kind of regained its fill since or
somewhere like semi and cleaned it and
the folder of hate has returned hate um
let's go let's permanently damage my ego
when someone tries to insult you and
they spell something wrong like they
spilled their that in their wrong of
your your and your I just can't take you
seriously like you need to go to school
you are stupid you need an education are
you poor do you need some money okay
that was a really bad come back because
I'm not exactly had a ball and like I
can't even eat McDonald's sometimes like
great
so this bitch was like you'll see
pronoia ng and then she decides leave
another comment like why is your voice
so annoying please delete YouTube I
actually can't do
okay and then she was like and then she
was like and don't have me to stop
watching your videos don't flatter
yourself because I wasn't my cousin was
and I want to stab myself listening to
you like she thinks I care and I really
wanted to go like why didn't you but
then I was like no that's gonna come
back to bite me in the butt one day so I
was like thanks for reading hate
comments material law people seem to
think that they're putting me down but
they're literally just giving me a video
and an extra view so I cringe so hard
make it stop you I I don't have anything
to say because I understand this guy
says I hate channels like yours stop
saying your life to others we don't
fucking give a shit of your life I don't
mind if you're cute I don't mind if
you're lesbian and I don't mind if
you've been chased by the police so stop
this law XD okay so you said that I can
I can be cute which well I'm just
kidding and I can be a lesbian
well pussy isn't for me I'm sorry about
that like I feel like sexuality is kind
of like what food you like and what food
you don't like you literally just can't
control it it's like you're like
tastebuds you just can't control what
your tastebuds want like you can't
control what your genitalia wants and
that is not what my genitalia wants I'm
sorry I can't help you that um there's
this website it's called porn harbor
yeah have fun and also I should be
chased by the police so uh did you watch
the video mmm
this one makes me laugh because it's
just so pathetic this bitch called
November like your parents are just so
great at naming children was like please
tell me she's seriously not wearing a
neon bra underneath why it does please
tell me it might be a bathing suit or or
a tank top why is it any of your concern
of what I choose to insulate my titties
with like does it matter what color it
is and also I don't know if you remember
but the see-through like the top thing
with like a bright bra was like a trend
pretty sure so is one and I like the way
it looks at least I don't look like you
I would show her
but she has like one of those like
satchel things I'd like go around like
that like a little like penny purse
right here I think if you're gonna
critique someone else's style you should
order first and I wasn't complaining to
be like formulate the money I think
Kylie Janet like you know you don't go
way to go for life to call it of makeup
you look like an orange it stings
because I agree I like you I want to
watch your videos but you mumbles so
much and say a a lot dot I can't stop
focusing on every time you say dot dot
kara I love you but in this video you
look like the after prom pictures of a
girl who just lost her virginity in the
back for Limor I am that girl I feel
like I was that go on a past life maybe
I don't know pre accurate description um
people tend to go more with hooker so uh
I don't know you're really creative you
should apply to an English course and
think I'm a your makeup is actually
disgusting yes yes it is this just
really annoyed me it's not a hate
comment it's just like so I mentioned
why I don't like cats mainly because I'm
like allergic to them and also because I
just don't get why you'd want one and
this girl decides that she has the time
in her life to write a whole list of why
people would want a cat instead of a dog
and I'm not gonna read it to you because
it's like long and it's stupid and you
know that like I was like why do you
have the time in your life if to do this
I stated an opinion about why I like
dogs and then you come back with me you
of this like what are you doing with
your time like go to school write an
essay you could literally like done
something actually valuable to someone's
life like are you triggered by the fact
they don't like cats like sorry
I can fap to this explanation mark I
mean I can't control what you do with
your peepee
well I'm not sure whether to be grossed
out or honored is it bad that I'm like
actually excited about hate so that you
can put it in my folder not that I want
more because I'm not sure what like if
this is hey or this is like genuine
concern you need sleep we want you to be
in an ok condition maybe the lack of
sleep you're getting explains your idea
for blonde hair go to sleep I mean I
don't get that much sleep but I'm ok
with it but um I guess that's like a
criticism against my newly found blond
locks mm-hmm I know it's bad okay I'm
getting it fit exists oh dear
and that concludes this you know what
none of you was overly offense if it
just made me laugh and some people are
just really sad also if you see my son
phone it's in the shape of a v-neck and
it's a really embarrassing nota my lips
hurt so much because that's not meant to
so it's probably really bad I did put so
much lipstick my look how much you have
on anyways some amazing things have been
happening my life recently and I'm so
grateful for everything everything that
you guys give me and I don't say it
enough I feel like I should make another
like talking video if you want that your
constant support is incredible and if
you ever need someone to talk to you
someone you know give you some advice on
that you take my advice but I'm always
like around I like most people back on
snapchat when I can like is getting a
lot um you know you can do me on
instagram you can do me on Twitter it's
all on like Miller and pod thing and
it's in the description below so if you
want to do that and hit me up and I will
be a friend if you need one I feel like
my over something see you guys because
you give me so much yeah that was me
being serious I can't be serious any
longer cuz I'm actually cringing at
myself is that a problem I don't know I
hate affection it makes me want to
disappear into the void so yeah thanks
for watching I hope you like this let me
know what you don't mean - don't stop
them by also subscribe also like this
and leave a comment
comments they're fun no I hate one
please I've had enough torturing myself
this day Joe Cannon Kat why do I don't
hmm shut up Kyra
okay bye whatever
