hi I'm sorry about like the constant
change of like background scenery I'm
just gonna write office like an identity
crisis of some sort at the moment but
I'm pretty sure I have one of those
everyday take my hair for example
routine does not exist in my life
subscribe okay so I'm going away
tomorrow for the weekends I have to
sound like a really quick video but I
find these might be kind of interesting
I'm doing a what's in my bag video now
I'm not really a bad person I'm more of
a pocket person so yeah I'm sorry this
is the end of the video by just getting
now I'm going to show you all in my
pockets and well as you can see I don't
have pockets bye subscribe I'm joking
that I really do I hate myself to a
unfathomable extent yeah so I'm not
really like a day-to-day bad person I'm
more of like a cocky person as I
previously mentioned I just like to put
everything in my pocket you know just
like stick a tampon in there you know
stick a tissue in there stick a muffin
in there you know pocket-sized objects
right however bitches and hoes today I
will be showing what's in my school bag
it's rather interesting because I do put
a lot of like personal equipment and not
just like oh this is my parents on his
name is Geoffrey not like actual
personal stuff which I use and it should
be interesting because I have a look
dinner before this like that like most
people like sit there like blue tears
like sit there like organizing and
making sure it's all prissy make sure
they think take their like Tampax out
yeah not me I haven't looked in here
it's still open and gross because I had
school I'm a child I since it's legal
it's compulsory I didn't I didn't choose
so I'm probably just gonna like put my
hand in and pull out whatever comes out
I guess and something that's to do with
school that I have an open jet buy a
water bottle containing lemon juice
because I'm and lemon juice person
apparently like cleans out like your
pipes like your holes like done shatter
resistant ruler
so I test out weight I've lost my ruler
now I'm away man sounder you know what
kind of stuff I hide under my beds yeah
me neither
I don't even almost Angela I'm opening
my hand down now another water bottle
whoa no no please no I'm hi my name is
Kira I am a hoarder this is some scratch
up paper I don't know what sauna let's
take a look
hi my name is Kira I work at home base
would you like me to help you pick the
right shade for your wars today maybe
this is my favorite thing it's my
project but it's called a project book
even though I don't have projects and if
I saw a project I'm most likely picking
up bow tip because I'm that kind of
person and yeah what I write in here is
like things like staff YouTube so the
first section I generally like right
YouTube starts like this is my
conspiracy theories video etc etc as you
can see as you work away through the
book there my passwords are great as you
get further through the book it gets
increasingly more disgusting looking
that's my life I'm good from the surface
but as you go deep how it makes you just
just want to a digest a toxic substance
maybe this is my book thing that my
school gives us it has my school on the
other side so I'm not going to show you
that because I'm not about getting
arrested today
next I have Shane Dawson's book it gets
worse because I'm reading this because I
read books believe or not I'll if you
have a bookshelf right there oh god see
books loads of books I know I seem
stupid but I'm not you don't believe
that this is my mass but yes I don't
understand any of it
this is my German book and if you've
watched my book you know how that went
down so I'm just not even gonna Alfie
the same
the children are screaming outside
Keaton and this is my English book I've
had it for like two days and look at
these crinkles great I have ones just
gonna want to shoot me what's in my bag
video how to make people want to shoot
you
yeah more more like that this is my
tangle teezer it's really dirty
my mother decide to use it to brush the
dog one time gray isn't that just
delight one disgusting at all I think
she washed it I don't know what to ask
and this is my over soil because I have
very bad allergy problems and it makes
me feel like someone literally just like
got their fist and just fisted my
nostril seriously
that's what allergies make me feel like
it's disgusting it's gross and they use
this so I feel like I can breathe also
taught me to ruin vapor up for everyone
yeah my physics teacher told me that it
doesn't actually open your nose holes
it's just like you can fear you can like
feel the air from this or something like
touch or no so it makes it feel like
you're breathing in air but you're
actually not so that might not work on
you anymore I'm sorry next is a little
cake thing I didn't eat because I don't
like these and I don't know why she
still gives them to me I didn't even go
behind me make my boobs up bigger this
is my hand sanitizer because I hate
germs and everything to do with people I
literally want to make like a salt
circle around me at all times and no one
can touch me and this is a hairband
which I don't use because I like that
hair balance begins discrimination in
these like little pocket things and
little things there I have them nothing
and in Exhibit B I have a lip balm by
the body shop and it's Apple and it's
from Christmas Christmas appropriation
this is my calculator which I've had for
a very long time and it has lots of
graffiti on it oh no you can seem is it
that's not eating my blackheads - oh
what a great day is for all of us well
it has my name carved in the back right
here as you can see but I think the back
said hi my name is something else
because people like to ruin my things I
don't know what this means
I didn't write it you don't believe that
I didn't know I'm telling the truth I
promise I know youtubers lie about
everything but I'm not one of them yet
that's another hairband I don't use
because segregation and here's a tissue
would you like to see my snot just
kidding I'm not that gross
and that growth I just don't want you to
think I'm that gross and this is my
inhaler which I used to breathe because
my lungs fail me looked on watch me
smoke it don't tell me doctor there's
one more thing the best part of the bag
the thing that just gives every single
bag character and just defines it as a
bag lint Merry Christmas
compre so yeah I hope you liked um
disgusting video subscribe if I haven't
scared you away already make sure you
like this video I really really like it
when you like my videos because I'm I
like a lot when you do that see it was
getting better at the outro but I'm just
getting worse again leave a comment
saying things subscribe ok bye
ah
