why does everything could you fail hi
wait that's wrong hi was that right I
don't know I forgot I'm sorry if I come
off like I want to behead you in this
video if I've been back at school for
literally like five days and I already
want to like end my life so yeah that
happened
and also I said I would announce the
giveaway winner today the day that I
said I don't announce it today and they
still haven't filmed it because that's
just me when I have to do something I
don't want to do it and when I have to
do other things and I want to film
videos and I should be doing homework or
something important like getting
qualifications in her life and a job so
I don't starve maybe so I think was just
accepted the fact I should probably just
resort to being prostitute I'm joking
I'm joking
sorry sweaty I'm sorry you can see my
lips wet I don't sweat from my armpits
really Wow don't do that I just like
sweat here is it weird I don't know at
least it smelled bad also I'm blonde I
don't know if you didn't see my last
video a lot of people saw my last video
if he didn't I'm blonde now I don't
really want to talk about it I'm gonna
make it better soon don't worry okay
let's get started if he didn't win the
giveaway which you probably did it
because what like 500 people entered
yeah
crazy that many people want something
for me I don't know if you didn't win
don't unsubscribe because I'm gonna do a
new one really soon and it should be lit
but give me some suggestions that I'm
deaf and also a little while ago on
Instagram I asked questions for a Q&A
and I got like like 100 in late lesson
hour which was disgustingly crazy so go
follow me on Instagram I'll put it right
here I upload selfies and look like this
and like this I like this I don't um I
wish it I'm not that cool so I have some
questions I'd like to answer and
everyone's like when you can do the Q&A
I'm doing it now also why would I need
to announce that I just felt like I'd
announce the fact that I'm in my
underwear and I'm sweating so much in my
crotch I feel like I've peed myself it's
really hot today
Maddie Volk car no.5 says if you could
shape-shift back and forth between one
object what would it be I think it would
have to be like a bedsheet right because
their sheets are just on beds all the
time and also said not on beds they're
like hanging up to dry and they've got
that like that weird moist like cold
texture that I really like and then when
they are on a bed like sometimes they
eat or my bed and drop food on it so
yeah food and sleep so relatable and
Milwaukee us if you could eliminate one
of your weaknesses what would it be
also Ellie if I could eliminate one of
my weaknesses I'd eliminate my fear of
spiders because you don't know like
understand how much of like your
disturbance that causes my life like if
I see a spider in a room I won't go in
there like I will not go in there if I
see one in my room I won't sleep that
night it's like actually disgraceful if
I see right like there's been a few big
spiders outside and my god I'm right I
don't go out there anymore
Rebecca Anna grace says Cara do you know
how many fan pages you have exclamation
mark question mark exclamation mark
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ is not a fan
of mine I don't think I don't know I
haven't been to church in a while I'm
sorry do you know how many I haven't
it's a lot
it's crazy it's disgustingly gross how
much time people dedicate to like me
it's weird it's really weird that was so
nice as well I like them all a lot I
just don't get it I don't get it Kirra
ex Bridget C C asked how much of a
 for cactuses big dude not Katie's
took asks if they created a better
version of YouTube would you switch over
Wow yes
that's like saying would you want the
new iPhone you know it's better yeah
yeah I think I'll pass
I'm obviously done why my solo like a
hobbit I'm just gonna hold it Cara no I
don't make means of that where does
video you've ever watched on YouTube my
own was your favorite breed of dog
certainly favorite breed right now I
love Italian Greyhounds and they just
look so like dumb and a bit backwards if
you know what I mean I just love dogs
that look really stupid
Ashley favorite breed I hate Labradors
right for this one reason I just hate
things are boring just like common and
just like things that like a just like
generic dog and if you google dog let me
Google dog literally the first dogs a
Labrador like that's just like they're
my dog it's just a dog it's nothing else
it's just dog you might as well just
call it dog it's just so boring I don't
get it you date you nuts
Lexie Peters underscore says it can we
be best friends please no but we can be
best fiends best fiends is a game that
isn't that good I'm really sorry I did
that that's not acceptable
no one's ever gonna sponsor me no that's
great hmm cohan's edit says what are
some sex positions you would be willing
to try this one you won't move out of
his position otherwise he'll bite me if
I try move him so I'm just gonna clean
like this now where do you see yourself
in ten years of now what do I love you
says Chanel much jojoba sure
I see myself in ten years some in the
future I'll see myself then I guess
carroty nice name asks would you ever
have your period 24/7 I'll have to put
ketchup all over your food for the rest
of your life I'd rather ingest a little
bit of anthrax
Stella born asks favorite house e song
comes and it's blue
my parents died what has been your best
fan experience says Kira sighs fools
haven't had any know I guess hail Bell
says would you eat ketchup to save your
family no they're bitches are dying
Sara Jean says what youtubers do you
look up to myself
Sara Jean or so are you one of those
people that enjoys pooping I like it's
relaxing because RI poop if you've
watched my kinky secrets video I'd like
to be in complete darkness it just like
relaxes me I don't know I just I just
like that I just like being in darkness
when I poop it makes me happy it's like
a break from the rest of the world
Isabella Brianna says what I brought you
like more
I currently like this one more it's
easier to maintain this one has like a
little kink in it right there I don't
know what that's doing
come on but kinky eyebrow you know I'd
like what sex positions and my eyebrows
don't shut up Jess Hanlon says how do
you like your steak cooked Kimi 18 says
was a stupid thing you've ever done
starting this video when I knew that my
camera was about to die because I'm
stupid like that and I'm not patient
enough to charge a great bike here and I
hope you won the giveaway if you didn't
oops sorry suck so you don't unsubscribe
though cuz I do another one soon I like
you all you're very nice erm subscribe
and give this video a thumbs up and do
some other stuff follow me on instagram
twitter it's not jut leave it at the end
because I'm so hot I'm joking yeah but
