on a scale of 1 to Dumbledore how dead
are you today above - yeah I'm blonde -
no I don't want to address it I don't
want to talk about it don't ask about it
gonna try my luck at vlogging and it's
probably going to be bad because
everything's bad so yes let's do this
that was way too much effort for just 20
seconds of footage like seriously I just
put my hands up with it that's five
doesn't be right back killing myself
okay one time with the blade shots for
our BAE one shot bleach every time they
kill a gorilla I'm off to my room now to
film my next funny segment which I'm
going to play off is very natural to
make you think I'm incredibly cool it's
actually very heavily edited you should
know the truth
exposed look I know you want some who
wouldn't you live with me you're too
young to have these issues look I know
you're sad Mabel you can consider on
your fourth birthday yeah good boy
I don't know if you can see by overhang
now and it's only like finger instead of
my nail and like what is it called it's
not good a hangout is it a fingernail
but I have a thing you know I don't know
look I have two fingernails on the same
finger haha
so for Java at school we have to learn
these like huge big paragraphs and speak
them right to get graders like part of
our whole overall grade now because I
was off school for so long my teacher
basically wrote this for me so I was
wondering hmm why do I keep getting C's
now I'm going to show you why I keep
getting C's this is me trying to
pronounce it the best I can ich werde
their hair item via s good for minor
kindess and weird upper Moktar zu z welt
Bessarion a fin de das das l wish tick
is undef Moktar I know Sean how's it you
get the point but now this is it
translated cam I want to get married
because it will be good for my children
but I first want to travel the world I
want to get married because life is more
important than a blank piece of paper
and because a wedding is very pretty
when I get older I would like to be an
air hostess because it would be fun okay
right right right I want to get married
because life is more important than a
blank piece of paper apparently that's
just slow deep I just can't get my mind
around how deep that is you know it's
just so deep that's just like the
deepest thing ever John Green hit me up
to write your next book um I'm really
deep apparently so
a few days ago I told you all to let
email me your crippling depressing
issues and I'll try and resolve them
because I'm a professional obviously and
you did so I'm gonna answer a few in
this actual light vlog thing and I think
I'm gonna like answer the rest in vlogs
so you can get like the answers to your
problems in my vlogs I'm not a
professional but take my voice go ahead
I think I'm the best too now some of
them are extremely long literally like
this so I'm going to just like try and
condense
I'm sorry if I make your problem seem
way more relevant than actually is I'm
sure it's huge so a few days ago me and
my friends went to a house party it was
fun etc et-cetera et-cetera 20 pounds
went missing she figured out that she
thinks it's her friend's boyfriend that
stole it
she doesn't think now feel any guilt
because they're not really friend and
they left that bags and stuff unattended
and everyone like went and like left the
room and I was like oh yeah yeah and so
she want her money back she doesn't know
she should confront him because she
doesn't want to make things awkward or
burn stuff bla bla bla bla bla bla she's
broke now there's definitely two things
you can do you can confront him or you
can leave it evil way you're not gonna
get your money back you could set up a
trap like film him like you actually get
CCTV camera link put it on there but
like I'm kind of petty so I wouldn't do
that so you're gonna confront him don't
be like hey found you stole my daughter
thong I'm gonna beat you up I'm gonna
fight if I see you in these streets
again found like well be more like hey
bar 20 pounds went missing the other
night and really sucks I needed that
money because my grandma's funeral you
know to get in like a taxi and pay the
taxi drivers and I couldn't go to my
grandma's funeral and she's dead now
I'm gonna miss her forever and ever and
I'm never gonna see her again and
basically and maybe that like guilt with
him and like not doing it again because
people who still suffer just like hoes
see ya and this light you stored it in
your actual vagina is like it makes your
tampon and completely forgot about it
you ain't getting that money back the
next one is so I have a youtube channel
and I want to talk about my struggle of
mental illness and about my
hospitalization earlier this year but I
just met this guy and I really like him
oh god here we go again I'm afraid he'll
think I'm crazy
normally the guys I like it just crazy
or crazier than me and I know that if he
really likes me then he won't care but
I'm she scared to find out if he really
cares help well just do it if he doesn't
like you then he's natural idiot that's
like a pretty big part of you and
someone who you're gonna be with is
gonna know about that you'd rather like
him think you're crazy not like you now
but I like being in love with him for
six months and all of sudden you have a
mental breakdown and he's like oh damn
and he gets out unless you're literally
running around the streets decapitating
people because the voices told you to I
you're safe and if he has a problem of
it and screw him and go find another
person you can do much better and I'm
pretty sure you're talking about your
experience can help someone as well look
I was serious for a second
I hope those two people also enjoyed and
also someone sent me an email asking me
to name their new orange cat so I said
cool it Oh J for orange juice right and
they sent it to me and I feel so honored
like let me name your pets please like
that's the most crazy thing that's ever
happened to me I'll insert a picture of
OJ he's so cute I hate cats are I like
really hate cats I'm really allergic
some to anyway besides the point still
wanted I told my mom I was like some
girl let me name her cat his name is AJ
and she went like Oh Jay Simpson and I
just I just wanted to wipe out the
bleach all over again
you're welcome yes I can finally use one
of my favorite jokes
what do blondes and spaghetti have in
common they both wiggle when you eat
them I asked some of you guys to send me
some jokes and you did some of them were
really funny so I'm gonna tell you some
when I do my GCSEs
I hope my grades match my bra size same
eggs and bacon walk into the bar and a
bartender said sorry we don't serve
breakfast aha original what did the
lawyer wear to a court a lawsuit ha ha
shoot me OK you're not that funny I take
it back
so my clothes are off which means that
the vlog is over because I don't put my
clothes back on once that off so this is
gonna end
but hey tell me what you thought of the
verb and if I should look more tonight
look what am i funny and I migrated him
enough was this interesting
should I go away I should probably go
away this is why I leave bye
