hi I think is ridiculous that this is
actually your dress and I'm wearing it
because like it looks like they like to
shop but like it doesn't you know I'm
like I'm really running out of clothes
why aren't you - I'm sorry I'm secondly
whenever our waggles lipstick always
feel like a billion bajillion comments
like well I'm thinking you're wearing
and like it says it's a mix NYX lip
lingerie in exotic I think if you wanted
to know that's that so today I'm doing a
part two of conspiracy theories you have
not heard of if you have heard of some
of these I'm really sorry for wasting
your time you have a lot of time on your
hands as to why yay high five and the
reason they were calling you more
conspiracy for as you haven't heard of
it's because sure you may have heard of
someone conspiracy theories but I want
to like try and go a bit more in depth I
want to show like some alternative
theories to the conspiracy theories if
you're not it may not like the classic
like net ones and I asked some people
like what conspiracy various like you
want me to talk about since spirited
free to you know of but not much
actually about and here are the ones
that they wanted me to talk about see
her so the first conspiracy theory I
want to talk about is the possible
explanations for what's going down in
the Bermuda Triangle if you haven't
heard of the Bermuda Triangle there it's
almost a hundred percent chance you're
actually living in a salad bin Laden
secret Mountain base in that case it's a
triangle
all shaped area in the middle of the
ocean the stretches from Florida to
Bermuda to Puerto Rico and in back to
Florida when I was younger 'yes we
absolutely obsessed with a Bermuda
Triangle and I would watch like
documentaries about it and stuff and I
used to just like Scout myself who needs
sleep me anyway it's like crazy stuff go
down and be moved a triangle like planes
and boats go missing and these same
people died but loads of people died
planes just disappear out of the sky
converses stop working and it's a
birthplace of jacob satorious way it's
just like a really terrible place that
you should avoid you know like those
chicken places that you see in like
really british areas like instead of KFC
it's like said FK you know and I'm like
I know what you're doing like you know
it's like one of those places you should
avoid like I don't want ecoli also if I
just couldn't put up the people take
cruises to Bermuda
people take cruises too literally this
place were it which is like historically
known for like lots of crazy stuff
happening oh it's like yeah that
terrifies me not today Satan anyway all
sort of like Illuminati scientists
people have come up with different
theories of what's going on in the
Bermuda Triangle and here are the some
of the most like mind mess DRP time
warps the first theory is that the
bermuda triangle contains rips in the
space-time continuum and when planes and
boats travel through these rips they
come out in the same place but like in a
different time in either in the past or
future yeah so kind of like good time
machine and I hate to be that bitch but
this whole like Mandela effect thing is
like become like it's a big thing
recently and I thought things like this
he's like rips in time why couldn't they
be the cause of like some of the changes
of witness you know someone's going back
and trying it's gonna change a lot and
like I feel like I'm gonna get those
people are gonna be like well with know
if they'd like travel back in time
because I'd be like hey bitches I've
traveled back and finally
the sad truth is that if someone come up
to you and told you there was a time
travel that you'd probably be scared you
probably wouldn't believe them and if
they went shouting it from the rooftops
they'd probably be put in prison or a
mental hospital so yeah I've kind of
gone off on the tangent but that is like
one of the explanations for what could
be going on and the view made a triangle
like people could be going through time
warps and disappearing you know and only
the people that have been through it
know the truth well so I'm really
struggling to say the Bermuda Triangle
today might be because I'm very says I'm
gonna meet up soon the next one is my
favorite and that is that the lost city
of Atlantis lies underneath the Bermuda
Triangle like right in the middle if you
don't know what the city of Atlantis is
in the simplest terms it's basically
that city that you have little mermaids
from and she tries to escape and she
like gets her limbs go for something
cause it like her fur I don't know the
heaven watching ages sort of the octopus
no do you like punished over trying on a
staple anyway a lantus was supposedly a
city that existed around 9600 BC oh I've
got my facts right it was said to have
like so much technology that like all
modern stuff couldn't even compare to
her
and I bet that iPhone charges didn't
break after a week huh huh however one
catastrophic I love that word FM was
said to have wiped out the whole city in
just a day of the night and it was
submerged underwater right in the middle
of the Bermuda track people who said
that leftover radiation and Technology
could like interfere with the mechanics
and the compass systems and navigation
systems of boats and planes which causes
them to fail and sink under the water
however the Bermuda triangles ocean
floor is like so deep like really deep
like Danny Deever
that it makes the investigation and
what's actually down there nearly
impossible so there you go sorry left
unanswered I'm not dead the next one is
one that I a hundred and ten thousand
percent believe but maybe not for these
reasons and it's at the US government
fates the moon landing I'm sure you've
heard of this around 20 percent of
American surveys do believe that the
moon landing was faked Jenine I would
like the reasons behind it the reasons
that people think this if you do I'm so
sorry if you don't then here's why and
also NASA has debunked a lot of these
ferries that people have come up with so
if you miss do a separate video like
debunking conspiracy theories that would
be really cool ideas so let me know my
personal opinion is that I do think that
the moon landing was faked however I
don't necessarily think it's fake due to
these reasons but I think that they do
have good reason to fake it if you know
I mean the first one is the waving flag
when they walk strong pulled the flag
out of the little tube and stuck it in
the ground it was said to be seen waving
like in the wind like as a flag would
however the only problem of this is
there's no air on the moon
doesn't have an atmosphere really so
bitch riddle me that now
again NASA has tried to like debunk this
one but if you want to believe that as
I'll do you the next one is that there
was no impact crater now the moon is
covered in a lot of like fine lunar dust
so if something was to land on it a lot
of that would be displaced been a lot of
images that you see of like their little
capsule thing landing on the moon
nothing has moved seemingly the next one
is an unexplained object in one
photograph of the astronauts on the moon
there was an object in a reflection of
one of the astronauts helmet thing and a
lot of people have said this looks a lot
like studio lights hanging from a
ceiling I guess I kind of look like
studio lights but I wouldn't know
because I'm cheap and I don't really
have any of them I like I use a lamp but
why would there be a studio light you
ask I don't know maybe because it is
film this studio you idiots okay there
are many more I could like really
elaborate on this but I'm not going to
because I feel like a lot of people
might and them about this one and don't
need more information but if you want me
to do a debunking video then that would
be lit yeah okay moving on the last one
I'm going to be talking about is their
chemtrails conspiracy theory chemtrails
are basically you know when you see a
plane in the sky and as I like little
air poop coming off the back of it like
an extremely I like behind it yeah well
like it's actually the Illuminati trying
to kill us like I'm sorry like kind of
the chemtrails theory is a fairy that is
that these trails are being sprayed out
the back of the planes and are sort of
like praying biological or chemical
agents over us some people believe that
the purpose of these chemtrails that
might include psychological
manipulations like hey vote for Hillary
you know human population controlling
and kill us off why don't you we don't
have riots
weather modification I mean that's not
really a bad one is it and other health
problems do you know how they say like
certainly radiations and
chemicals and cool things like cancer
heart problems you know things like that
they might be giving it to us directly
through a plane however there have been
things like coming out against this one
saying that if a chemical was to be
dropped from that high like such a high
altitude it would just be dispersed and
we'll probably just disintegrate as when
it reach the earth but that's just what
they're saying you know like you know
know like see ya believe what you want
my finger of conspiracy theories is that
don't completely disregard them however
don't get too involved in them and say
this is the truth because you will look
insane but we're never going to truly
know the answers unless he Illuminati
comes fosston themselves so I hope you
liked that video why shirts and my
favorite conspiracy theories of you and
I hope you learnt something new I think
the chemtrail one is one that's slightly
more like lesser well-known so yeah do
with the information with you I hope you
enjoyed this and subscribe you haven't
subscribed already I'm doing a giveaway
and on September the 1st even it's like
my last videos if you want to watch it
then go and watch it like if you don't
you don't know if you like I don't care
I'm not gonna make you do it if you
don't want to do it see ya Oh see it's
mom time like comment and subscribe and
follow me on Instagram Twitter snapchat
something like that anything I'm getting
so good at this like outro and yeah bye
