hi everything's needs that alien
adoption video a while back
everyone always wanted to see me do a
conspiracy various video and I need love
conspiracy theories I've been like
really deep in the hole of conspiracy oh
wow before like they were even like I
mean yeah like you Tracy Ferrie let me
go there so cool yeah so yeah I'm gonna
do that I've gathered a few absolutely
my complete favorite and I think really
interesting and I could believe in there
are plausible some of them are a bit out
there and I'm gonna start with the one
that's a bit out there
let's go marina Joyce sold her soul for
fame this if selling your soul was
natural real thing
why not she seems pretty soulless
recently she seems pretty empty
she seems prettier Hollow and she's
pretty famous now I mean naught she's
got like two something million
subscribers why not why didn't she like
make a little patterns devil a hey boo
Lucifer baby link can i maybe like um
like it's all my soul only you can have
my soul butling can I have like a
million subscribers please like thank
you yeah well not my personal opinion I
think that there's some like drug abuse
or mental problems not really my place
to speculate my void share that one with
you because it took a lot of digging
deeper to find that
I wasn't even that much about it that
was literally like the title where you
like took on page and then I clicked on
a page and it said like arrow for a full
message and I was like bitch well so I
sort of like that in my own head like
kind of abandoned but that drive is more
heavy and that is about area 51 in the
bottom if you don't know little area 51
and so it's like a natural high charge
you probably live in Syria or something
like that or you're being like
gangbanged by Isis like marina Joyce it
is a government secret base or locating
I think like a hundred miles north of
Las Vegas and a lot of people describe
it as the US government's worst kept
secret the government pretty much denied
areas if you want a system to fill the
longest time up until I think it was
2013 but the government admitted to
using it for like army training like
plane testing things like that you know
general government
that they don't want us to know about
but a lot of people call a lot
of people think that area 51 is a place
where they keep the remains of when
crashed UFOs things like that and they
test them
there is like some of the
it's black it's really streamlined and
they say that they got the idea of that
from a UFO that they found now what's
really odd I'm not talking about like
the more sightings in the world but like
there is an extremely high rate of UFO
sighting a lot of people have said oh
it's probably just the government
testing planes but like there's no smoke
without fire you know it just really
messes me up to think that they know of
aliens existence Bush I think oh and if
you think about it so I for another
planet could have evolved a good hundred
million years before human life on our
planet started evolving that means for
that species on that planet over a
hundred million years more advanced than
us they have a hundred million years
worth more technology than us they have
different technology than us they might
be a more intelligent species you know
they might be able to have the
technology to travel to faraway galaxies
us if you'll know more about it there's
this documentary called dream there and
I think it's on YouTube somewhere you
can go and watch that it was on TV the
other day it's so good it's kind of old
but it gives you a lot of insight so
just imagine how much more information
that is now I will link a really good
source in the description as well if
you're really interested in this and you
want to learn more because there are so
many conspiracy theories about it a few
of the things I'm gonna read to you that
people think are happening in area 51
are the government are trying to develop
a way to control the weather they're
using the base to develop time travel
technology the government using the base
to develop teleportation technology
which would be so cool by the way the
storage of and reverse engineering of
alien UFOs
of living and dead extraterrestrials
were covered from crashed UFOs
collaboration of the US government with
extraterrestrial beings and II go home
so I can think of the use of the basic
secret and support of one-world
government
genetic engineering of human
extraterrestrial hybrids utilizing alien
specimens recovered from the area that
won't really messes me up that they
could be developing half-human
half-alien kind of people and they could
be walking among the creation and
expansion of camouflaging chameleon
technology that disappears to the human
eye and basically I think this is in
some sort of technology that people said
that maybe a theand spacecraft has had
that when or inside you can see
everything for when you're outside of it
you can see nothing is completely clear
I think maybe the US governor's trying
to implement this into their own
aircraft so that when they're flying
over countries that one running issue up
the planes they want
that's the development of an underground
railroad that runs across the continent
quite sure what you need nothing you
know I don't think we'll ever know much
about what goes on at area 51
considering that is so highly guarded if
you even go near and like a big army
people come up to be like hey yeah and
you have to go away so what are they
hiding the next one it's more kind of
like funny and I kind of like this you
know how Jennifer Lawrence fell at the
Oscars I only like clip right here
there are a lot of conspiracy theory
surrounding that actually not I've only
read one that was a lie there is a
conspiracy theory surrounding that
saying that she faked her fall to keep
up her like come on seem relatable like
go next door persona which everyone
loves her for when you think about
Jennifer Lawrence he liked her of course
because she's an amazing actress also
because she seems related which he seems
down-to-earth she seems like one of the
girls you know I but a billion money's
more rich and that's why maybe she could
have faked her for I'm not sure how much
you believe the night I don't think
anyone wants to fall at the Oscars but
hey it's a good one you know I won I'm
going to talking about is the Malaysian
Airlines flight that went missing the
Malaysian Airlines flight that went
missing in I think 2014 there are
conspiracy theories surrounding it
things like it got shut down by North
Korea there is one that's slightly more
out there but I kind of enjoy if you
watched my alien video you'll remember a
story I told you about a guy flying from
the east coast of Australia I think it
was and all of a sudden he said there
was like something a thousand feet above
him
it was shining lights on him and the
people over his like little radio thing
was like tell us what it is above you
and then there was like like what
explain the aircraft and I've done I was
like
it's not to play and then there was lots
of metal interference sounds and then it
is a bit into the atmosphere forever and
ever my stomach just growled really love
I really hope you didn't hear that now I
would usually have dismissed the alien
theory however now I kind of believe
that one a little bit why would this
next one not be true I kind of believe
that the Malaysian Airlines flight could
have been abducted by aliens there was
really many remanence over so if like
cooked into thin air
why are we ruling our aliens and anyone
who says you know stupid for believing
in aliens you're stupid
how do you know they don't exist you're
stupid for thinking in this bus endless
universes that isn't something out there
that could live you know why the hell
not and the final one that I'm going to
be explaining is one of my favorite ones
I think I watched a few years ago on
Vsauce say
it's about parallel universes and how
that could exist now I'm not gonna get
the whole Mandela effect thing because
as to mainstream everyone knows about a
little well for most everything is made
up of atoms right tiny little after
another all the atoms are rearranged in
different ways to make different things
that arranged in certain ways as their
own son like you know periodic table
nurse to make like oxygen to make
nitrogen to make helium to make a person
to make the earth to make minerals make
rocks to make water you don't weigh mean
now they're all arranged in different
ways and they're all arranged in
different ways on all the planets that
we know however it's got to come to a
point where you can't arrange them in
any different way than any more so
things start to repeat themselves if
you're following that seems can't be
arranged in different combinations
anymore too creaky creating different
things therefore it may repeat itself it
will run out of different combinations
that can make to make a different person
and it will make you ten thousand
billion light years away yeah I mean I'm
not a scientist I'm not that guy from
Vsauce who's like knows everything but
if you are interested then I will maybe
try and find the video and link it down
there explains it so much more and I
100% believe it I thought I could never
explain it in like the scientifically I
know everything way that he did I hope
they like messed your brain up a little
bit lever messing my brain up and some
of them are a bit stupid like the marina
Joyce is one you know they've got got
gangbanged by Isis allegedly and yeah I
hope you enjoyed it and I really want to
do some more of these if I can soon
eventually maybe yes yeah okay so I'll
see you in next video
um please comment down below telling me
like what you want me to make next maybe
I really enjoyed making is actually in
my uniform should do a stories every day
so I guess I'm not I'm not I was I'm
doing a giveaway soon
yeah for a while but is coming really
soon a performance within the next week
few days okay yeah okay you understand
like the hardship is over I'm gonna go
now bye
oh yeah follow me on Instagram Twitter
and snapchat I'll leave it on my end
thing okay bye
