hi so even though these videos were like
popular in late 2007 they seem to have
resurrected recently and get a jump on
the bandwagon mainly because jumping on
the bandwagon is obviously so quickly
and secondly because I don't think you
guys really know that much about me
apart from I have an obsession with
small cute cactuses and I hate ketchup
so let's get into it
I have six pages six huge pages like
actual detailed intricate actual
interesting facts about me not like my
favorite colors for Hermine
yeah like actual actual packs like so I
hope you enjoy this is I hope you care I
don't really care but spend a long time
on this also how cute is this bottle
like this and like if I turn upside down
nothing comes out nothing okay
this was from Howland one pound if you
live in the land in which I live in you
should seriously invest in one of these
because they are so cute and I only got
one for some reason I should have got
like 10,000 too because like I actually
want to like I did my lighting very good
I'm cool Kara because before I was born
my mother knew a little girl called Kara
who she thought was really nice and also
care is not really something you can
make fun of like you can't really twist
it into like a bad word you know to make
fun of someone but with the last name as
work when I mean like does it really
came out when I was younger I used to
think poop was stored in your butt
cheeks I am a huge hypochondriac I'm
mentioning this because I did this
earlier and I'll find like the smallest
little thing wrong out of place and like
think I'm dying and honestly it will
like ruin me for weeks on end you don't
understand it all if you're playing in
the back of my mind I really annoys me
but it's something I've never talked
about the thing that causes me to have
anxiety regardless of how hard I try to
overcome it it's gonna go on the tube I
like the underground in London for some
reason being in that enclosed space
really freaks me out or when I'm on
planes that really freaks me out so
basically any enclosed space - like a
terrorist attack
deathly afraid of parents I am a Libra
that's not interesting but I'm very
indecisive so I'm not York that has like
a link I'm not really into link
astrology and stuff because like I just
think but take or leave that my ears are
like really pointed like actual physical
Star Trek people but I don't mind I kind
of like it's like one of my favorite
features about myself it's like my cool
like hey look at my ears right ha I have
the worst handwriting ever my mind is
always racing like a million miles an
hour or an even the teacher told me that
I have a beautiful mind once because she
thinks it's just like going so fast I
can never focus on one particular thing
and I think that's who because I forget
things all the time but like I know it's
just like kind of like really two more
like I'm walking through a room and I
forget like doing like no I mean like
actually physically like start something
and then forget about it start something
else then go back to it and forget about
the other thing it's just like a vicious
cycle of life forgetting everything I
have no idea in the physical universe
why anyone would want a pet cat over a
dog my favorite animals are goats and I
don't think my life will be complete
until I obtain one in my possession and
keep it in my house as a pet and like
potty trainer and like teach I have to
be like a baby because I hate babies I
want to be an earthquake engineer when
I'm a big girl
they're like basically the people that
design building so that they don't fall
over in earthquakes I think that's
really cool like doing something really
cool and like shut up and like travel or
somehow things are just like much wait
I'm sorry yeah I think it's cool just to
be able to like save lives do cool
things and at the same time do a really
cool job where you get to travel and I'm
really interested in that because never
doesn't ask where I go and do extensive
research on it and he's so cool I'm
actually pretty good at biology and I
know a lot about how like the human body
works and someone asked the question
about it I can usually give them like a
decent answer
I'm my own 3d thinks I should be a
doctor or like a research person or like
a medicine person when I'm older but I
have no interest in it at all another
reason why I'd never want to be a
doctor's because I hate germs so much it
got to the point where I actually
physically fought I had OCD and it was
really becoming like an obstacle in my
life that I don't share drinks of people
I don't eat
same thing as people but it got to the
point like I wouldn't want to eat my
food if someone breathed on it it was
really bad so again like the anxiety
thing I thought trained myself to
overcome it and like it's all in my mind
like I'm not gonna get it bowed up or
just something from like Zika virus
because my friend breathed on my
sandwich like you know I'm five foot
five
I hate labels and I don't know why
people feel need to label themselves as
whatever they're like identity is in
like whatever aspect how your sexuality
like agenda like I don't get it like do
you live your life if something comes
along which is slightly out of the norm
or then just do it like you cares like I
don't see why people need to put a label
on themselves and make that thing their
whole identity like my identity isn't
I'm a straight white female it's that
I'm Kira and I do YouTube it's my hobby
and I like dogs you know you know what I
mean like why can't we just have our
label as like human beings try that
because we are I had a severe dairy
allergy of the child I couldn't eat
dairy at all my mom didn't want me to
like have a difficult life not being
able to eat certain things she slowly
reintroduced it back into my diet and
that went fine I love dairy and cheese
and cream anything like that and if you
go watch my last Q&A you can see me like
deep throat whipping cream it's amazing
I'm afraid of hospitals and anything to
do with like medicine and I also hate
taking medicine I will not take medicine
unless it's like extremely and also
really need to I also really hate lifts
or elevators as you guys cool it
and one time I got stuck on a lift in a
hospital and it was the worst thing ever
and I actually physically wanted to
disappear and average someone happened
for my whole life I've always had like a
collection of really weird pets
including like chickens Terrapins
ferrets and rats I'd have so close to
city that you can see the whole London
skyline from my road I really hate my
accent but it's also like rather amusing
when like Americans get wet over
I have a gray day which is like the
highest grade in musical theatre and
with a distinction and it's one of my
proudest things I love practices this is
so ironic there's a plane outside right
now I don't know if you can hear her by
hate noise pollution like planes loud
neighbors if you've watched two of my
rant videos you'd know that and it's
just like why like last night it was
like 4 a.m. I was awake because I'm
awaking for him every night because I'm
about and I'm nocturnal doger there's
not that and I was just like sat in my
bed and also I my hair like it's a
helicopter like why do you feel need
like 4:00 a.m. why do I never hear
helicopters in the day why were they
always at night my parents broke up when
I was five and a lot of you can probably
relate I remember I was young I had the
biggest crush on Simon Cowell's they use
a hottest thing I really like the older
man I also used to believe that the ones
from Harry Potter were actually real
under in existence and you can just bite
them and they would work swish and flick
of the wrists I literally love every
single one of you that like is nice to
me like fangirls over me absolutely
blows my freaking mind and I'll never
understand why some people get so
excited when I respond to them like I'm
like who do you think I am like who do
you think they have it like that's the
way the ivory is like justin bieber sent
me a nude you know like who do you think
I am and no one I'm like really not
relevant asshole I don't I don't get it
it really confuses me like I'm tiny like
I don't but I still love it I love all
of like the positive eNOS that you guys
give me it makes me so happy it makes me
kind of freaked out a little bit too
like I get freaked out as you guys do
when you're like oh yeah I love you oh
and I'm like whoa actually someone else
really cares like what I love helping
you guys it's like whatever issues are
like going on like I love it when you
guys like deer meat or snapchat me or
like the entrance of like oh this is
happening my life it's very sad you have
any advice and not like I'm the kind of
person you should take advice from but I
really love giving you like a second
opinion or some insight especially when
you might not have anyone else to do
that for you and
makes me sad because with like the
growing nurse I'm happening right now
that I'm happening well good English I'm
sad that maybe there might become a time
I doubt it might become a time that I
might not be able to do it anymore it
makes me really sad because I am
struggling even now of like you know
trying to follow the people back tryna
respond to everyone like there's a lot
like I have an extremely big number of
people were active on all my social
media and tried to talk to me like you
know with the amount of subscribers I
have like I think they're like ten
people who noticed like lots of people
like a lot like I'm actually one of
theta nicest people ever like I'll be so
nice to you unless you do me dirty then
I will drag you I really do hold grudges
but I'm really working on trying to be a
nicer and more forgiving person
I hate petty girl drama which is
literally like 99.9% of every guys ever
men ever go out my school like they will
get them involved these like little
weird drama fights like who talked about
who like who called her a bitch like I'm
like why do you care why do you care so
much is this really the highlight of
your life that you care so much over
these tiny little things I like I just
said that we might be my friends like
we're not like them we just sit there
and laugh of them like hi you're so
pathetic why do you care like care about
something interesting well I like read a
book like I love it when people make
edits of me if doge memes i'm sure as it
goes to my house and borrows my stuff
and then brings it back it seems nice
like my dream car is a red Ferrari I
will have one one day I promise I make
nicknames for almost every person I know
like ask nearly every person is my
friend like I have a nickname for you I
freak out too the absolute extreme when
someone touches my side you know this
part of your body right here like I hate
it when someone touches me that like I
can't deal with it it really freaks me
out and then someone found out about it
and then it kind of got spread round so
then I remember like one time I was in
like physics or something
every once i touching my side and
honestly I wanted to cut a bitch my mom
didn't know she was pregnant with me
until she was seven months pregnant and
she went to the hospital and they gave
her like an ultrasound and stuff and
they got like really scared she thought
she had liked some disease or something
she just didn't cross her mind that she
could be pregnant
I think she was like really athletic so
she had like like muscles hair and
everything like that so apparently
I can hold the baby ends things like
that like it can really restrain you
from Lake shoving wait if you see
athletes that are pregnant
well like nine months pregnant they have
like a bump like this big like you know
I mean I'm sorry about the face time on
my hands law but yeah I think that was
what it was and she still had periods
which is weird but it can happen so
watch out I am technically a cool to
Irish and I'm Catholic
the first youtuber I like hardcore stand
was danisnotonfire and I still have some
of his like og merch in his circle if
possible when I'm pooping I have to be
in complete darkness to feel comfortable
otherwise I feel so uncomfortable like
I'll go and people have to turn off the
lights in like a little late boxed in
like single toilet room you know I mean
they have to turn the light off and I
just feel so much better pooping in the
dark but I'm really afraid of the dark
and outside of that situation I cannot
sleep we're in like complete after
darkness I have to have some light on
someone this bitch American voice I have
it's called Becky and she has been
literally around since I was like 10 I
always do her and I'm I'm really
confident in the aspect like I love
performing I love being in front of
people and that I love being on YouTube
when like YouTube sometimes makes people
nervous which I don't understand it's
cameras on an actual person even though
it isn't actually but you know I mean
but at the same time I'm like really shy
as in I won't go up to people at like in
shops in places and like ask people
questions it is weird I'm allergic to
simple products not the ones that bottle
and I could simple and they're like for
sensitive skin like the most simple
basic products that you could ever think
of yeah I'm allergic to them when I put
them on my face as well as often goes
bright red so thank you finally YouTube
is the favorite hobby that I've had so
far because believe me you girls had a
lot of hobbies did I just say yeah girls
honestly no I I'm just gonna go slit my
throat now because I can't I can't I
can't
like Allah and I'm very like
inconsistent I have serious commitment
issues and I draw everything but I don't
see me drawing this I really love it
that was it so thank you so much for
watching share some cool facts about you
or something that maybe surprised you or
like something or I went down and
their comment section I feel really
weird requesting you to do things like
hey what am i what am i I'm not quality
on Instagram snapchat and Twitter and
all of those things are in the
description should I put them on the
screen nationally
oh come back living on the video I just
forgot everything I do ever I'm not
lights blinding man he said stop -
pollution we need a drink
why
