hi so I love telling stories so today I
thought I would tell some childhood
stories of like really dumb things I did
as a kid that either like come back to
bite me in the butt or just like got me
in so much trouble and for a start this
is a club a really cool girl with
Jessica she's really funny yeah go
subscribe so check out her video and
yeah I'm gonna get into the video now
like I'll leave it all down that like
this so that this first childhood story
was about they got punished on my
birthday by a teacher because I said
something really inappropriate so I was
at school and we saw a little soft like
a round time we'd had our first dose of
like sex education like I was about 10
going on 11 you know that kind of age
range and I learnt what pubic hair was
and that was his boy I really didn't
like him no one liked him he was
annoying and he was just like he just
going away like he was just like you
just looking paint with a head you know
I'm like buh wailing but and he was
known to be like the biggest snitch like
he would snitch on things that had
nothing to do with him and other
teachers even liked him so it didn't
even work out on his favor so like I
don't know like he was just going to be
a huge snitch so one day there was this
like thing where boys and girls were
against each other like we all just used
to play in the playground and all of
sudden we decided let's go against each
other and have this whole boys versus
girls thing and this went on for weeks
until it got banned and that's a whole
other thing but yeah we used to like
basically fight each other and like
fight for this special bench or I don't
know I don't know I don't know so we was
like I guess conspiring against some
group of boys and very my I just let
more pubes was this is a big part of the
story Simon school it's my birthday my
big obnoxious badge on just like
enjoying the fact that it's my birthday
when all of a sudden this guy thinks and
that's just pick a fight like let's just
start something let's just do it for the
lulz because that's the kind of person I
am
my hair's kind of people like they just
like yeah yeah like he just starts a
problem I'm like okay like why right so
me and this other girl can't like start
conspiring a plan against him and we
like whispering about all the things
we're gonna do to like beat
up you know lightning Anya I and like my
gestates name is push him in a puddle
like me when I was of a sudden I thought
this great idea because I just a lot
more pubes were and one
let's pull his penis hair like that's
exactly what I said
let's pull his penis hair alright which
put it to her and he had it he had it
you had it he he can't just let it slide
even I know cuz he wasn't picking a
fight of us either no no he goes and
approaches a teacher and tells them what
I said and then the teacher makes me
really say it to her like why does she
need me to do that she makes me Reese a
it to her which was very awkward by the
way and then like it and marches me over
to this brick wall and makes me stand
and face the brick wall on my birthday
on my birthday like why do you have to
be petty like that like why are you so
petty like I really hope this guy's
grown up because that isn't like I'm the
type of person to hold grudges like
OSHA's me and I'm really holy and God
for others even though it was like 67
years ago an actual chronic or a tale
anecdote whatever you want to call it
from Jerez life was the time I got
electrocuted okay this technically
wasn't my fault
but I probably should have like fought
about what I was doing a little bit
better and maybe not got so close to the
electric apparatus when I was younger I
used to be really into horse riding
I thought horse riding when I was like
five and I gave up when I was around
like 12 13 like kind of because my
mother like destroyed my dreams by
saying you'll never be a jockey or too
tall and then I just didn't want to go
again like thanks mother but I probably
wouldn't have continued of it because I
quit everything I start like sorry I
kept getting like a run of bad horses it
kept like frying me off and when kicking
of horses while I was on them and it was
just like some big thing so I was just
like I'm done with this for a little
while but I do occasionally also out if
I go like to the countryside you know
I'm like no us besides the point for
some reason my dad finds it hilarious
like one day I was with him and because
he always used to take me to my riding
lessons and behind the
Stables where I used to have my lessons
there was this field and it's full of
the horses that I used to ride in
everything and we used to walk up this
pathway and like go and see them so if
Alton today let's go up the pathway my
dad for I have some like little polo
mints with me that's always a process of
feed horse it's like yes let's feed them
let's just go and feed them some mints
so I thought yeah such Grandia like the
horses really want to eat this like
that's gonna be so good so we embarked
on our journey up this little word to go
and feed the horses now bear in mind
most horse fields are like blocked off
with electric fences so losses don't run
away I knew this but I thought it would
be wise to put my hand through a gap
this small literally like that's more on
my hands orange from fake town so sorry
and try and feed the hole through the
gap now electric fence shocks generally
aren't not bad there's just like a
little bit of like a like but for my
small eight-year-old body it was a lot
so I'm paying my hand through this
little gap and feeding a horse and it
was really successful when all of the
sudden the horses is touch the top of
the fence
the electricity from the fence runs
through the horse's head and because he
was touching my hand into my hand and I
co-op my face and I punch myself right
in their face why I'm at this moment I
genuinely thought the horse had gone
like hey and like kicked me in the face
because I know that can happen but you
know I'd be dead but still like I didn't
understand how it works
I genuinely thought the horse had kicked
me in the face so I'd like come to and
my face was hurting because I'd punch
myself and my dad's just like oh I think
you just got electrocuted he found it
hilarious like that was kind of like
short and sweet you know like it was
just kind of a short video and I hope
you enjoyed it I guess like it was kind
of short but I kind of enjoyed it like
whatever like I like sharing small
stories of my life and if I can think of
some more then I'll do another one of
these videos if you enjoyed it I was an
idiot child like thank you like praise
me like to go check out Jessica's
channel
I'll leave her finger on the scripture
and I'm each is really funny she's
really cool and she deserves you all to
go and say hi and say hi like actually
say hi are all like so you're I'm
joking I would say first I was joking
see you would I said you make sure to
focus off leave a comment down below to
me feel like don't subscribe or don't I
don't know I don't care anymore bye
