hi it's that time where I film a Q&A
because absolutely like nearly everyone
I asked requested one and yeah so I'm
gonna answer your questions I guess I
was like can you make your questions
like kind of fun because I don't want to
answer them I felt like boring because
that's boring and everyone's like Kira
is so funny but I won't be funny if it's
boring so yeah now I'm just gonna answer
your actual phone questions I've picked
out like my favorites and she's gonna
answer them and you're gonna watch it
and sorry if like my dirty MacBook gives
like a cameo appearance because it is
absolutely filthy and like who even
washes their laptops like tell me down
below if you wash your laptop like he
must really have your life together if
you have time watch you know it's all
about having time it's more like can you
be bothered to wash your laptop because
not me I'm gross I'm so sorry
like unsubscribe qrc asks also cure a
cool name people always call me cure for
some reason but I like yeah and came
weather do you ever want to move out of
England yes definitely like yeah I can't
describe it like I love London like I
love where I live but the thing is I
just can't imagine being in one place
forever and I just I don't know even if
it's like temporarily moving away I do
definitely want to move away somewhere
really far away really spontaneous I'm
over just me like I really hate change
but at the same time I hate them things
are the same for really long period of
time things really bother me ladies
anyone else like that or am I just the
only one who's a complete freak like my
question is so why are you so adorable
others oh but seriously my question is
what was your most embarrassing moment
at school almost awkward experience
mm-hm okay this must sound really really
gross like don't judge me so like a lot
like a while back I was on my period
well care a great way to start it and
I'd I'd used like a pad you know and I'd
wrapped it all up and it was all wrapped
up in contained like I finished it but I
looked
I mean I was like my work - like dispose
of it and I didn't know where to dispose
of it and they couldn't like put it down
the toilet because it's like your
toilets get blocked really easily so I
needed to dispose of it someone but
there was nowhere to dispose of it and I
thought okay I'll just like put it under
my shirt and I'll just walk to like your
bin a little bit far away I'll just like
hide it under my shirt but on the way to
walking to it I've got really distracted
because I'm not one person it'll go and
do something can then get completely
distracted so it's at school and then
like 10 minutes later teacher comes up
to me talk to me and I bend over and it
falls out from under my chair onto the
floor and I always thought I'd like a
great never taught anyone that is so
embarrassing oh my god now just share it
with the enter that great you know how
to drive
no like it makes you any sacks I would
bunch of American friends they can all
drive you can't drive - you're 17 here
and like I'm pretty much like a fetus so
like you know and just fresh out of
warmly my Garrido duarte I'm sorry if I
just like ruined your name forever I'm
sorr if I just disrespected your parents
and your whole life you should do a dare
Cara okay can you be more specific
Mariah Carey love asks or makes you
happy and what is your favorite drawing
equipment what makes me happy right now
is literally YouTube everyone is so nice
to me which is weird because I thought
I'd be the kind of person to get a lot
of hate comments the only hate points I
get is from like hardcore Jakob
satorious fans because they did that
reacting video ages ago and they're just
like oh my god I hate this bitch want to
slit her throat like I wanted her to die
like literally want to gouge her
physical eyeballs out and I'm like okay
thanks maybe like me and my favorite
drawing equipment is let me go get it
this is my drawing port it's an absolute
mess but my favorite thing to draw are
these pencils they're called prismacolor
pencils they're like that and they are
pretty expensive but I got like a big
pack on Amazon for my birthday so yeah
because like when you draw them it's
like some buttery and smooth it just
kinda little I'd rather than going like
with these ones like my favorite custo
ones ever so good it's like you could
literally like slit your wrists than
than that shop my question is how long
you have braces on for like I'm really
not surprised like I haven't had any
like ill you stupid brace face like
once yet like but I've had various on
since last September if you're not once
telling me when I'm getting them off
like look at my teeth tell me if they'd
about to you like that and not like
float my own boat or anything but they
are perfectly straight
they've been perfectly straight for a
long time so I don't know why I need
them anymore like my rattling over nods
like you're new on the mouth and rip
them off please I'm getting out of
breath from talking about Jesse
Stratford says what your favorite
subjects at school this is gonna sound
really weird and like I am such a no but
my favorite subjects probably like
anything to do science so like I really
do like physics and I like boiled you I
hate chemistry that I hate it I know I
just like knowing how things work gaming
work I see 29 and asks would you ever be
a porn star question mark for the money
um how much do porn stars on let me take
a look millions of dollars
what okay I wouldn't outright say yes
I'd be a porn star for the money but if
not I had nothing else going for me then
I'm not going to say no Eva my question
is here is your favorite superhero my
favorite superhero I don't know if it
just had a superhero but it's definitely
ant-man I like a love ant-man I don't
know what it is but like I just love
ant-man question what was the worst date
you've ever been on but like I haven't
been on that many dates like you know
I'm going I'm a child lling but I have a
long as a little bit look younger like
my first day and it was a flop like I
kind of wanna tell a story time about it
basically I like led him on and then I
go stood him because they didn't like
the way he smell like he didn't smell
bad I just like didn't like the way he's
not lit hugs us you like Harry Potter
bit expecto freaking patronum when you
realize you're holding the wand the
wrong way around I think this is how we
should fight Isis like it's Leviosa not
Leviosa
what are your biggest pet peeves in
order by the way I listen I listen to
one of my biggest pet peeves is when
people like make friends of you and then
they just disappear like they make
friends of you and they talk you like a
day and then after that they're just
like and I don't really care anymore
just like ignore you like thanks like
thanks like thanks my next one is like
when people do things
obnoxiously like like literally
obnoxious vaping like
don't care if you wanna vape but it's
open noxious vaping annoys me like when
people wait around people don't ask the
people if they want weird like wind
smoke mist blown into their face like I
don't appreciate you obnoxiously vaping
around me because what and then my last
one is when people put pictures of like
their weed on the snapchat stories like
only to look at me in my weed like holla
at me for some weed mate and like
povich's of have smoking weed on that
story like if you want to do that go
ahead give it in your private time like
why you have to sit down a story they're
slightly it's like like trying to blow
hoops and you can't like mint favorite
restaurant hot my favorite restaurant is
by far hands down
Nando's I always get a quarter lemon and
herb chicken with Peri Peri chips and
coleslaw and a bottomless drink which I
feel will cope like I love Nana knows if
anyone like ask me or do you want to do
something I'm like yes go to Nando's
like hi 1 what is your biggest goal star
stream for your YouTube channel
my biggest goal / dreams probably like
what I'm doing now at now it seems to be
making people quite happy by making
these videos if you could be any YouTube
what would you be and why
okay I have to I couldn't think of one
either dad's on fire because I'd want to
see if Anne was real obviously or jenna
Marbles because she just liked some
hilarious and witty she can just think
of stuff just like that and I want to
know what is running from her variant
like better be asks how do you feel
about gaining all of your subscribers
recently whoa like whoa like what I've
never felt more grateful for anything
like it's seven hundred to the barbers I
just hit today and but um this goes up
it might be more because it I seem to be
growing pretty rapidly and it's not much
but considering I started at zero and
there's like a bunch of new people here
which I really love and I really like
and it's really cool and yeah thank you
crazy
what's the wildest dream you've ever had
when I was young I used to have this
like recurring dream I'd like I was like
5 and I'd let you leave my class and
then this like green sort of like a
monster kind of like the Grinch would
like kidnap me from this bush and then
it'd take me back to like my
grandparents house and take me into my
granddad's shed it was like we had like
a really big shed and he would like take
me in there and put me on the shelf
and I was like always stuck on a shelf
and I couldn't get down like it was
really weird it happened nearly every
single night for about like admire a few
years almost it was really weird until
one day he put me on the shelf and there
was someone there's like another girl on
the shelf too and together we worked out
how to get down from the Shelf and I've
never had the dream since it was really
weird and she also asks do you believe
in ghosts very much so very much though
I have like some creepy things like I
don't want to share to add my affection
do you play pokemon go if you do what
level and team you on it listen and
you're amazing hot Thanks it listened to
and you're also amazing okay so like I'm
sure you're sick of me going on about it
but I had a broken leg like it's kind of
getting better now so when you have a
broken leg you need crutches to walk you
can't really play pokemon go because you
don't like you have hands to hold your
phone so it's been kind of killing me
that I can't really play pokemon go like
I've literally just been like Pat's
plate whenever I was out and just hoped
and prayed that was a Pokemon near me
and I'm literally only on level two like
I'm sorry that's it that's all 21
questions I choked 21 the only one
that's all 21 questions that I chose
answered that was like loads more but I
like kind of chose the most like ones
that I think would be like valuable
information although I think any of that
was valuable information that's going to
impact your life in any way shape or
form ever ever so thank you for watching
if you've got this far because I
probably bought the life out of you
leave a comment actually physically
leave a comment because I love reading
comments and I do reply to all of them
unless YouTube won't let me reply for
some reason because it does that or if
like it's from a creepy old gut
make sure it gives you your thumbs up
let's get it to 7 million likes and
make sure you subscribe if you're not
already subscribed I'm getting so good
at this like I'm an actual like
professional personnel like I can
actually say like actually physically
with my mouth liking it and yeah thanks
everyone bye
