hi it's really hot today and you know
how I feel about noise pollution
everyone feels need to be cutting their
grass at the same time and I seem to not
be able to find a time where like people
are just not doing anything so if you
can hear like sound in the background
I'm incredibly sorry but today I'm
freeing you a makeup tutorial because
every time I ask people like what you
want me to do they say you should do
your makeup routine like I'd like to see
that and I'm like why why but whatever
I'm doing it today I did one like a
month or two ago and I didn't really
like it like I don't like it now looking
back on it so I'm redoing it and also my
makeup routine has like evolved like
quite a bit so I think you'll find this
one a bit more useful yeah and on like a
day to day basis I don't really wear
much makeup so this is like a fancy like
how you see me my youtube videos
basically that's what I'm going to be
showing you because I only really well
of makeup I'm like going somewhere like
nice or if I'm filming a video so yeah
like yeah like I hope this sounds like
your needs like tickles your nipples in
all the right ways and let's get into it
so I just start with my regular life
wipes cleaning my face and if you had
I'm not going to like go into too much
detail but because you can go and watch
shelves you can go and watch my um
skincare routine video I put on my
channel because I want to be able to
share my amazing skin secrets of all of
he I'm joking his skins ill next I just
put a few drops of oil onto my hand like
so and I'll rub it in my face like
especially like round my eyes here
Sherlock stop like especially here
because that's where I get like the most
dry like usually people get oily like
there but that's why my skin like crusts
the most oh I'm looking off to shower
look because the front doors open and I
don't have to run out and like eat the
cat's so he's here with me
day next up this is new this is Make Up
For Ever Ultra HD foundation and I have
it in shade why two four five
I think it's like something like beige
sand something like that add nine and
this has actually changed my life like
it looks so amazing and so flawless but
at the same time it doesn't look like
you have any makeup on at all it's
really weird
I'm going to show you so I'm just gonna
grab my Beauty Blender which is also new
and has also changed my life hey Chelle
you can't eat it and I just like put a
little bit on the back of my hand like
whoa like when this is all blended in
and looks like like there's nothing on
your face you know it looks like it's
just your skin it's crazy
Sherlock stop it stop and before I use
the Beauty Blender I used to use this
buffing brush by Real Techniques and
this is also really good it's like
really soft so yeah if you don't
insulate sponges then I recommend this
but I don't really use this since I
bought this this is great next I don't
really use like concealer I use my old
foundation and this is the mattifying
infallible foundation L'Oreal one and
it's in the shade porcelain so I use
this under my eyes and just like to
squeeze it on my hand just dip that in
there and then disclaimer by the way I'm
not that good at makeup that's it I'm
just I just not middled like sucking his
feet and its really annoying sure look
are you to ignore feet on my dad huh so
just out the end I do it in like the
triangle thing like under my eyes cuz
that's what the beauty gurus do and I
don't know about you doesn't anything
fear it looks a bit shiny cos it alight
but like I promise it's not see and
before I forget I'm gonna put the most
amazing lip balm on in the whole world
on my lips I'm going to link down in the
description of everything that I'm using
as well because I know that might be
something that you might be maybe
interest
then so that you can put on your face
too now here's a bit where I sit here
for ten hours deciding what I shadow I'm
gonna put on I'm not this is what I do
most of the time I just get hoola by
benefit and then I get a brush like so
and then I dip it in that and then I
just kind of like put it here really
lightly it just kind of gives your eyes
and light depth I guess oh I don't look
like it two days so I don't look like an
actual Simpson you know and I'm doing
all my makeup and literally a mirror
like this paper in the viewfinder so
that's why I'm looking in the viewfinder
don't margin glory apologies I'm so fake
that is about it honestly so I'm just
dabbing that besides just to like clean
up the edges yeah
next is my least favorite part and that
is my eyebrows okay so funny story I
used to use eyebrow fing the brow Zing's
buy benefits do my eyebrows which by the
way is amazing however one day I lost my
eyebrow brush thing so I couldn't use
that to do my eyebrows because they
couldn't find it and I like dip my
finger in jail so one day I was like
really desperate eyebrows and I couldn't
find him I thought what am I gonna do so
then a dug out my naked palette and it
has this shade in it called buck right
there oh my god my life has been changed
forever like oh my god like ah daddy
like toilet readers I get like a little
like detail like liner brush like this
and I usually dip it in there a few
times literally just like a tiny bit
like that oh no I just glitter on it
mm-hm
and then I just kind of anything
thank you I just kind of like
and it makes them that way more natural
as well because I don't really like
looking like I have a lot of makeup on I
hate like the cake face kind of look I
mean if you like that like you do you
but on me it just does not look good I
actually think that some eyeshadows are
better than actual brow products okay
next because this is too harsh to do the
front of my eyebrows live I get this one
called naked which is right there and I
dip here my brush once again because
it's a lot lighter and then I kind of
just yeah it just looks kind of fluffy
you know love like I feel like I'm an
actual bug I'm so February in like
Geoffrey and then I get gimme brow by
benefit and I just snacks I get my
favorite runs around the whole entire
world and the only ones I've actually
ever used which cheered oh my god hoola
by benefit he was like I think benefit
probably my favorite one of my favorite
like makeup line things like like
there's have so many good things like so
many of their products of people's like
Holy Grail makeup things oh you're the
hair and it on I just delightful I'm
such a ratchet little bitch I show she
put some makeup on sure look yeah put
lipstick on him me I would I hate you
like that now I just like sucking my
cheeks kind of like oh my god I am such
a model like oh my golly mmm look came
to join in and then I just like put is
that shuttle remember have a broken leg
okay and I'm not like contouring as such
a more like bronzing I guess I just like
put it under here and like up here and
then I get this big like fluffy angled
brush I think this is like an old body
short brush and I'm not sure I've had
this for a while and then do that and
then I like do my nose a little bit
purely because I don't want to like do
the rest on my face and then I have like
a giant nose in the middle now I look
flawless and ready to go next my face
a blush which is also by benefit is
called dandelion it's very nice I get
the same royal techniques of angled
brush and then I do that and then I just
like put it slightly above where I can
do yay and then finally from my face
highlighter this is my favorite one by
the body shop it's really one of the
hairs on everything why am i molting why
am i dog I'm not sure look why my dog
and you're a human I'm a dog this is
really weird but I find if I use my
Beauty Blender that kind of has
foundation on it kind of makes it like
stick to it more so I dip that in there
it gets on the end and then I just okay
slay for the gods glow what's other
stuff that Jeffrey star says but mom
yeah honey and slay for the god oh girl
that highlight though then I realized I
haven't been to do that at all no behind
your face yeah yay next mascara I can't
find my they're real mascara that always
goes missing I don't know what I don't
really leave the house of it so I'm
going to use roller lash by benefit
which is like my second favorite I guess
and then just do that I can't do
mystical on camera
yay what a difference I don't look like
an albino Sphinx cat anymore finally my
favorite bit my lips
okay so failed this is very intense so
listen carefully I get this NYX soft
matte lip cream which is my favorite
thing of all time in the shade can focus
I guess so but focus are me al and then
I just I like this because it's like
really soft and also it's more of like a
brownie pink and I look really bad in
like bright pink it just kind of like
washes me out
I've always Web Browns you just dab it
in so it looks like natural teeth but
they have this look not a draw and then
I get velvet daddy by Mac hmm and then I
do that I just really like the color
combination and then I get lip liner
which is so and I think
hilarious how much this is shrunk since
my last tutorial I'm gonna just do that
then finally I get this bright pink from
Matt called please me which I can't wear
on its time because it looks really bad
and I just like they're on my Nate oh
yeah I'm gonna insert the sound effect
good and we're done
um I probably won't do anything in my
hair I don't do anything on my own
normal day so yeah that was it I hope
I'm missing anything I don't think I'm
missing anything if you're interested in
my skincare routine which is how I got
like my self looking like this like
without having to like cover things then
go check that out I uploaded that about
we go I think and that's old normal can
do dance and yeah my last video was a
storytime bout my first party that I
went to and it was really crazy and
that's the police and I was out going a
little crazy and so go check that out of
you I'm joke that out already I'm
getting so good at this uh yeah thank
you so much for watching I love you and
I can't say that and yeah give this
video thumbs up and just go and please
leave a comment telling me what you want
to see do I'm so confused
and yeah I'm going now I'll see you some
other time
bye
