hi so Wow good start Kara I'm really not
sure what's going on my eyes today like
you see this blue stuff it looks like a
smurf literally came or merely and they
just like dips my makeup brush and it's
like paint it on my own
you know but I thought I'd try something
a bit more fancy today Ivan I like your
probably looks really bad it does it
really bad I kind of hate it but I kind
of love Italy is it kind of like and
festivo fall thing you know well so then
I have to dig out like the blue shirts
much sorry
my name is aside I have to shut the
window my original plan was to film like
a fun old story time today but then my
neighbours decided to put on like the
most annoying music in the world now I'm
changing it this is officially ranked
video about rude people weird people
like I know I'm a hobbit like I know I
like to spend all my time indoors in
peace and quiet but they don't feel the
need to like scream all day they're
stupid children just screaming all day
all they do is like send their kids
outside lock the door and they just sit
there playing in the garden like there's
no game
do you hear that one who just did it
like what and like your song as kids
being kids like these kids are actually
mentally just not there they just sit
outside their garden all day just going
me like are you being beat are you being
beat do I need to call the NSPCC or like
the RSPCA because you're animals
and get your parents to like go to
prison because they're abusing you like
are they actually beating you like do I
need to call someone do I need to go
please I don't know let me know
actually I don't just stop screaming
something in silence please
mmm my neighbors I think they're all
just a little bit like like stupid
because they feel need to play the most
obnoxious annoying music in the world
like pop music generally annoys me but I
don't mind if there is like
a bit of luck Meghan Trainor like I'm
all about that big bling you know like I
don't care but they play this music and
it's literally just it literally just
goes boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom like gasps it that's all it
does it just goes boom boom look you can
like hear it thudding in your head and
your brain is going boom boom boom boom
like it actually sounds like you've
recorded your heartbeat just go boom
boom and then just play it on
loudspeaker and also they don't need it
that loud they need it to the volume so
everyone in their house can hear it they
don't need it so loud there are people
too streets well you don't even live on
my street they live across there like
they don't need it so loud I can hear
and I'm sitting in my room trying to do
things with my life
only there's Juba music fudging fording
it's literally budding like what I was
like sitting here and all of a sudden I
just hear like what is so annoying it's
not music okay I don't know if you can
hear but just listen
okay this isn't like dubstep or like
house music or a genre or anything
it's literally music that just goes do
let me sing along to it right now dr.
dr. is been doing that for like three
hours and then also ten neighbors seem
to want to play music exactly the same
time so sitting outside in your garden
and you have like Michael Buble on one
side like now you say you're sorry and
then the upside you have like bang bang
out of them no you got I didn't ask for
a remix if you hear someone else playing
loud music and you can distinctly hear
it don't play it
wait well then do me image dirt please
so annoying and nothing is I don't live
in a particularly bad area but for some
reason people seem to commit crimes all
the time they're 24/7 all I can hear is
like a siren all the time all the
freaking time like I know I have some
neighbors and they think they were like
drug dealers or something so you get
raided but I'm gonna say out that but
like what crimes are you possibly
committing it's like a sunny day no
one's really out on the street and for
some reason there's constant ly police
so like why don't know
police sirens go past that house with
the kids screaming all the time and then
what is good what is good it's just so
annoying
and also as soon as something happens
like someone gets robbed something like
that no they don't just get the girls
out like a frigging helicopter out and
they don't just send the helicopters out
to crimes in the daytime
no they send their copters out to crimes
at 4:00 a.m. like I'm never a seaport
for him but it's still not a nice sound
but I want to be hearing at 4:00 a.m.
like just over my house consoling like
TV uses like I just want to be in my
house peace for you I'm not doing
anything illegal I don't know anyone
I think illegal what are you looking for
are you literally looking for a gap
because I know there is for sure there
isn't bad cat
there was this one cat that sits in my
garden on the end of the fence and it
just sits there and goes yeah it's so
ugly I hate it I hate cats but that's
all of it I just like stares at my dog
makes my dog so angry it's just oh it's
like another dog like over there in one
of the houses that's also really loud
their me having parties and
sitting outside and like staring off
into my window oh but it like that cat
makes a dog so angry as well and they
don't like a big dog the fact Kapil's
downs like that I'm happy he's getting
me more deceased and tail to its career
I'll tell you that I'm just like I'm so
angry I'm really I really help me like
what am I getting it like hashtag safe
Kara from noise pollution 2k16 all like
I don't know make me youtube famous and
give me that YouTube dollar so that I
can move into the middle of a field
oh my on where it's quiet there's an ice
cream truck now they didn't do that
didn't do that but they're they're good
not cats
no one buys ice cream from you anymore
they're disgusting like you see the ice
cream man's fingernail and they're all
wars and stop like you don't have to
play a loud obnoxious music it's almost
an ice cream now get it Amazon primed to
them that style world works nowadays I'm
so angry so like I come down here to
film a video that gives us some story
times today and though they just like
screaming I'm playing music and I'm not
having that and I can restore it I'm
sort of exploring like my story time all
my story times just beat me and you I
really angry I have to stop now I don't
know if that made me sense I don't know
if it did at all but whatever if you
haven't seen my last video that I posted
which was my entry to Tana Mojo's collab
channel thing please go check out please
like it and please like share it on like
Twitter on Facebook we might as well
shout on MySpace
and wherever you want to share it like
you can see me love shout our Instagram
and follow me on Instagram all my stuff
is in the description it's like my
little end card thing but yeah I'd love
to
my clap channel I'd probably die a
little bit like inside and I already
emailed it to like the tannaz email
thing where they said to email it too
but I just want everyone to watch it and
tell me that I'm fabulous I'm not just
validate me please thanks for watching
this thanks for like letting me release
my release the beast of my inner
thoughts onto you and remember please
check out my last video it would mean
everything to me and leave a comment and
like it and just tie it was great I got
such an overwhelming response on it like
it's not for half the day and they'd be
like a hundred comments like that's
crazy you're gonna get like ten and
everyone was telling me how like good I
was how much they wanted to me to win
and I really don't believe it I never
believe it anyone complements me I get
very like oh you're complimenting me
what I don't deserve this but yeah thank
you so much everyone
it means everything I guess like it
feels nice to be appreciated and I wish
I could do this slightly more
professionally so yeah hashtag so you
care from noise pollution 2k16 and I'm
out what's wrong with me
bye
