hi what I just stick to a classic story
time this is how I started my channel
for this probably how I'm gonna continue
my channel because I think it's what
people like and I kind of do like
telling them although I'm not that sure
how much I'm going to like telling this
one because it's kind of embarrassing
and it's kind of always haunts me
forever and I just ah for a boy
you don't like grow things like this bye
I'm gonna get started this is a club
it's my first ever club with this guy
who's really cool called Roberto like I
said into those dams and he's hidden
through the m's back and it was like
some thing and now I'm making a video
like I don't know why you wants to do a
clap of me because like I probably won't
gain much or ever like that but I'm very
flattered and I'm honored that someone
wants to do that yeah so you should like
coaching on his story after this I think
it's something about like a plane
getting hit by lightning and it sounds
kind of intense whatever you know what
happened but I'm gonna watch as you
should probably watch it too and I'm
obsessed with his intro it's like hella
like I like put a link down there but I
only watch it when you're done watching
doesn't like don't leave okay they and
just don't know both of our like stories
a travel related to their things that
happened when we were like traveling
somewhere because he doesn't really have
an embarrassing period story because he
has a penis this story starts I was
about 13 and I have like this weird
thing that I think most embarrassing
things that happened to me happen to me
when I was 13 because that's when I was
like trying anymore and like everything
just went horribly wrong like nothing
work if you know I mean like I tried to
be cool but it just didn't work good so
like I do something to try and be cool
and then it was just like completely
backfire so that year when I was 13 at
the end of the year before summer my
whole gear would go on like to a
different place in Europe like coffee
yeah I think went to France and Hoffy
you went to Germany my heart of the year
went Germany and the film most part it
was like a really fun trip I don't
really remember much of it honestly I
mean some of it was kind of dull I just
like sneaking into other people's rooms
at nighttime and doing stuff I wasn't
supposed to be doing and being like
really rebellious so yeah everything was
like super fun and I was just super laid
back and at this point I hadn't really
been having ovulations that off like for
that long because you know I was 13 that
it I was 13 and so I didn't really
understand the whole he comes every
month and it usually does come at the
same time every month
I didn't grasp that I just waited until
I'd like bled out everywhere and I was
like oh okay
I would never prepare for it now I'm
what you kind of cool like it doesn't
matter person if I don't need something
immediately and I'll just like put it
off so this trip was coming to an end
and we was about to go like back and we
wasn't getting a plane ride not like an
hour plane ride no we got like a 12-hour
coach right that was fun wasn't it no so
it's a day we were about to leave and I
was like packed my bags ago and I had
like a suitcase which would go under the
coach and I had like a backpack kind of
thing that would come with me with like
all my stuff in it to keep my child body
entertained for the 12 hour ride so I
was thinking mmm I haven't had my period
yet and I guess it might be kind of due
to come because I haven't heard in a
while let's not put my sanitary product
in the background carrying with me yeah
let's put them in the case that's gonna
go under the coach and I can't get to
I'm like I know in the back of my head
that there was the like possibility that
it was gonna start but I just I don't
know why I did this but I just
completely like swept it aside and I was
like oh it doesn't matter it'll be okay
oh no it won't it won't be okay you
idiot
so anyway I just like kind of put it to
the back of my head and never st. Nick
and so we got on his coach and me embark
on our journey now I'd say about six
hours in we got to Belgium and everyone
was really excited about Belgium because
they sell almost all the flavors of
Arizona green tea because the one
problem of being an inhabitant of
England is
that we don't have anything nothing we
have like water and sand that's about it
dori so we stopped off at this little
like stop of station in Belgium kind of
like refresh ourselves do everything and
go buy some green geeks
why is my camera making like her noise
what does that mean someone tell me I
don't know what it means
like when YouTube say oh my god I have
to stop my cameras overheating like what
does that mean how do I know if my
camera's overheating or not because does
it set on fire or something - like I buy
my Arizona green tea and I get it and I
feel special because that I just do and
I think and get any types of toilet and
I sit down on that toilet and I look in
my underwear and one word massacre
massacre double homicide in my pants
now I'm trying to pursue this one guy
you know who you are and I think after
hearing this he's gonna be gone long
gone sorry
so like I clear up as much like ham bear
mine I don't have any leg pads or
anything like that with me because well
I was lazy and I didn't bother because
uh idiot it clean up the best I can and
then I like gonna check my like leggings
I'm wearing and I think ok there's
nothing on it I'm safe and I like just
get a road of lady toilet paper and just
like stick in that is and this is one
thing I remember when I leave like the
cubicle and I go to like wash my hands
and then dry them I'm sure I hear this
teacher who now I don't really like go
camera like I think she noticed my thing
she wanted to tell me and I thought oh
my god so I like ran out but I only
heard this like in the back of my head
so I never turn around and like that oh
what do you want because I was like I
heard as I was kind of walking out I
thought I don't want to talk to a
teacher special a role model so I get
outside and this one goes stops me and
she's like uh you kind of have something
on the back of your leggings like on
your bar and I'm like what and she's
like yeah like like be more specifically
Joe being very vague right now like I
want to know what I have on my butt like
what do you mean there's something on my
but I just like oh I think it's like
bled and immediately I froze like I like
but like I was
prude at this point in my life I didn't
like talking about things like that like
blood onions like I didn't want to admit
to anyone that I like have boobs and I
have shown a period like like it's so
wrong of me to be doing what every other
female in the world does like that's so
wrong so I like Usain Bolt to the toilet
again again I'm sit down and I have a
look and yeah she's right there's a big
thing I felt which I fail to see you
before how I don't know because there
was literally only about one minute
between me leaving toilet and then her
saying this to me so it couldn't have
happened in that amount of time so I was
like what am I going to do and I was
like running around asking everyone if
they like had something for me to stick
inside myself so it would stop but no
one had anything I was like okay well
the baby's gonna have to do but that
didn't stop the fact that it was like
all over my butt like there was a spot
like a big spot not even just like a
climbing guide only tough spot like a
spot I can show you the exact leggings I
was wearing as well so you can get like
a visual so I was wearing these
yeah they look so ugly now I've never
even attempt to put them on my body
nowadays but that's just like the
perfect example of why said I tried to
be cool but it would just always go
wrong like I can adjust wore black
leggings like everyone else in whole
world but no I have to try and be cool
because those things were trendy I had
to buy the weird checkered leggings with
big white patches on the buck just
because everyone else did like I had
this like shirt on but underneath that I
had like a tank top kind of vest thing
on and I don't know why I like this
worked in my favor
and I tried so hard to get this like
vest and pull it down past my butt like
I live like such an idiot I look like I
was wearing one of those like skin-tight
dress is that only just about cover your
butt with these weird checkered leggings
underneath and then I had this like
flowery sort of like I'm not like
basketball kind of like t-shirt on what
like fashion fashion icon right like
fashion like literal fashion
move out the way Tyra Banks Kyra's in
town and I was so desperate like I
didn't know what to do so I was like
running around and all sudden I find
this really sweet girl and she's wearing
I like what they called was a while ago
dad plaid shirt she was wearing one of
them and I was like yeah yeah hi like
what am I gonna do and she was like I'll
take my shot and she took it off even
futher girl and she tied it around my
waist and it was like really good for a
bit cuz now I could see anything I was
like thank you so much I really
appreciate you you're such a good friend
like a humble like and I felt so blessed
in that moment but it didn't last long
she got cold and she wanted it back so I
had to give her back to her I liked I
was thankful for like the moments of
embarrassment I had been spared by
having to wear now I wasn't because I
was back to square one and it was just
really embarrassing because there was
like a long period period get it between
me like not noticing it and then me
getting told because if I saw someone
with like a splodge I don't know how
much I'd want to tell them like that's
kind of embarrassing so a lot of people
probably saw it and didn't say anything
and if you know me in real life and you
were there then hi like judge me like
laughs about me behind my back yes what
I want like I know it's what you do
anyway so they're like so yeah that was
it was like really humiliating and like
I'd sat down on this couch the whole
time just not moving like I just didn't
want to move and it was okay so I was
sitting down I was like what if I get on
the seat like yeah and yeah I got off
the couch with my like a white vest like
pulled down to my knees I look like such
an idiot and I think everyone knew was
happening so it's been o of a reason for
me to like get have my folks pull down
that far like there was no reason I do
that as I was hiding something because
that was really no point like if it was
today I probably wouldn't be as
embarrassed because I accept that
everyone has had that problem like at
least once like - yeah girls if that
ever happens see you then it's okay like
I don't judge people when that happens
to them because I know
it's an easy thing to happen and it's
really inconvenient like why do we have
to bleed from that why can we bleed like
why can we have a monthly nosebleed like
that seems good like can we make a deal
with Mother Nature like monthly
nosebleed please anyway I'm happening um
yeah there's not really a climax to that
story it was pretty embarrassing there
got some funny looks from people for
like wearing my odd like clothes
combination and yeah I still get
humiliated by it to this day like no one
knows about it but like I think about it
and I like cringe like make sure you
check out Roberta's video I'll like put
it here if I know how to do that I might
not so if I don't then it's in the
description I'm sorry
Charlie's video I'm sure it's gonna be
great because all those videos are great
and he's like really sassy and basically
everything I'm not a nice buyer to be
like in one day like hold and if you're
here from his shadow hi I don't have to
subscribe it would be nice give this
video a like comment like get this to a
million likes what and yeah follow me on
Instagram and Twitter that all that
stuff some like the end bit the end
because it's different and yeah I'm such
a good youtuber oh yeah I'm gonna go now
I'm gonna edit this and I'm gonna upload
it some more so bye
