hi first off this video I just want to
point out that I never meant to make
this Irish is sitting here on my bed
literally like 20 minutes ago and I was
like hmm this is a good idea it's just
crazy the ridiculous lumps I went to
just to sit here and like film I like
one minute intro that my face is go
being but just like this much time
I like give my makeup I like try to make
my hair look more presentable and less
like I haven't washed it I then got
distracted and start eating
chocolate-covered corn flakes then I
started watching vlogs and an hour later
we are here and ah my body looks
presentable the other half doesn't you
can see a leg brace because I'm an idiot
and spongebob shorts I'm also sure you
can hear the stupid children outside my
window that won't shut up I don't know
how long they've lived here ever since
those stupid people over there have
moved in they have these children that
are constantly outside every single day
just screaming like that's not gay
screaming isn't a game huh is really
annoy me every time I'm just like
sitting you my room minding my own
business I'm just saying that like that
and all of sudden I just - I'm trying to
film a video and I edit out sections
where in the background you can hear
like anyway probably my actual physical
body over here so I get to angry
oh no sniffing like a coke addicts back
oh I hope you liked this video and I
hope you learned something from it
actually please don't not be such a bad
idea it is how to be aesthetic I don't
even love him saying that word right
it's a long word or / tumblr err
so here you go I made this it's probably
not that good hey step 1 own a
ridiculously small planet you don't need
it would be extra cool if it sport how
to cute little hand ouch but it doesn't
really matter you don't even really need
to water I mean I forget to water mine
alot and it's doing just fine
oh I don't if I touch it oh don't touch
it like that
I just miss a whole section of my mouth
Wow Wow
have a collection of instrument you're
not even that good at and put them in
extremely obnoxious places I'm a bunch
of love quotes even if you don't believe
in them because love isn't real a
ridiculously large collection of things
you don't even use we've all these piggy
banks you'd think I'd be hella ballin
but I'm really not I'm really poor
camera mirror selfies yeah
so very light contour on fleek ooh girl
mother
nee-chan ork really quick have an ugly
dog just sensational oh you're so ugly
yes you are I hope you liked that you
actually wouldn't believe how hard it is
to let you film actual objects when you
call can you need your hands to walk on
crutches because you can't walk with
your legs you need your hands full you
can't hold a camera Capri
have fun thankfully you like subscribe
leave a comment saying something forever
I hope you like this video I sure didn't
buy
