an iPhone no you guys a little bit too
crazy for this channel so hi guys before
you guys put off because you were
expected to see the beautiful Kara
Bridger and not her annoying boyfriend
this is accurate Bridgette video but she
just doesn't know it yet no you're a
subscriber of my channel you probably
know the camera gets me a lot of views
and since she goes through so much
effort to make sure my bank account is
growing every single day and it is I
thought I would give back to her and be
nice no I'm just kidding she's about to
get by on her own channel hey Kara you
know how you're the best girlfriend in
the world and you get me loads of views
and you make me loads of money and you
know you're just the best right I
thought today I would do something nice
for you how about I take you on a
shopping spree I like shopping yes but
there is a catch if you just do a normal
shopping spree video I will not call you
spoil and hate on you so how about you
do it blindfolded and everything you
touch you have to buy I guess I'll just
touch everything man thank you
I'm so excited why can we go can we go
now yep can I Drive yep you can't drive
but yeah I can drive yep okay I'll meet
you outside and it proximately 0.2
seconds I just need to get ready prepare
yourself emotionally for this thank you
so much it was so cool I cannot leave
because I'm Wow
kara seemed super Suzy astok especially
since I didn't specify whose car I was
gonna be paying on I'll give you guys a
spoiler it isn't mine kara are you
excited to embark on your quest
yeah you've never let me go take you
like this before after met Kara and the
star the relationship everyone was
pulling you a gold digger
and today I prove them right is a very
inspirational thought you expect to know
and today I proved them wrong but now
you just saw I don't care how people get
that coin anyway good luck lessons on
the care Bridget channel cut the talking
and pull down the heart but sure what I
am having to pay for all this
oh my god I've never seen a creeper with
glasses before mom it's a new skin mine
coffee of 2018 Wilder okay Cara don't
follow those who come back take your
camera please give it any more
soon after blind Kiera
we've arrived our first destination and
I'm pretty sure you can smell what it is
I do not smell the greasy battered salty
smell of McDonald's out of a video I
love McDonald's my probably shouldn't
I'm gonna get what is your question Cara
or should I say black joke how do i
physically go into McDonald's and touch
she's gone point what do we do it's
nothing to do with me I'm just filing my
nails I can't just go into the kitchen
touch the food you know what care
actually come with me come on Cara come
on come with me I have an idea come on
come on
you have to tell me wonder steps and
hollers okay good step so Cara you must
touch the food and pick what you want
off of the McDonald's drive-through
board speaking microphone it's not a
spike behind you behind you you
literally facing the wrong way I can
sense.you Jill Jill Jill Jill start the
engine
start the engine Jill just start the
engine you want that one well Cara you
just got yourself a Jamaican chicken
with spicy jerk sauce that's your choice
now you have to eat a spicy burger okay
can I just want to try my luck because
I'm not really into spicy stuff yeah
yeah go for it just over here okay well
with your Jamaican burger you can have a
side of brick I hate you go free kara
come on go on go on
you got a Big Mac you got a Big Mac and
oh no it's a salad let me just touch one
more thing please no that's come on we
go to the key and we're getting you your
food come on come on well yeah
you touched every drink on the menu so
I'll let you pick okay Oh a white coffee
so you've got a spicy burger salad and a
coffee Morgan I remember there's a step
on the way back you can wear it no this
is a wild you can go yeah
you say you're safe is this bully on a
blind person I think it may be okay Jill
Jim not the time
start the car start the car sorry start
the car start the drying time
leave Leave actually do it now you've
discovered the true nature of my client
I just wanted you to lose weight yo what
the hell come on like seriously yeah hi
yeah yep just maybe a little bit louder
nah maybe just start saying your order
and they'll just like good okay so I
want you making chicken thing and a
white coffee and a Big Mac and what was
the other thing
oh yeah but not a valid banana milkshake
for me maybe if you actually get out and
like knock on it though maybe oh there's
a button on it care which after press to
make them speak no you have to get out
it's quite far away baby I just got what
are you sure they're not saying anything
I think you need to scream at them okay
oh my god I think they're about to come
one more time hello I picked about my
eyes many if you call them a name care
no listen yo you MUC poopoo head hey
mother I have a question did you drink
while I was in the womb that's all the
answers I need
Carol I have a confession to make yeah
the drive-through sure you just scream
but I feel sure hey go away
come on carrot window down clutch your
food is so awkward so just collect your
food okay
hey they go till maybe you should drive
forward to the window what do you mean
oh hey so part of the wrong so I guess
we finally have our food
there's my salad do the eater cure you
blind fall down then you gotta eat the
salad normally you'll have to stick to
the rules put the blindfold on it's
slimy
it's a piece of legs is why you like oh
I can't eat salad if I'm dead I am NOT
to charlie hey let's just make that
clear it's touching oh no no you got the
spongebob meatballs and hot chili con
carne come on Cara taking it your
favorite section in the world
jeez I'm staying away but this I do not
like Jesus so I'm just gonna chill over
here I want to pick wisely
this is entire video is just an excuse
me character buy cheese
I mean I never said I only have to do
the blindfold on so they ask me on that
oh my god I'll be having this and I will
be having this you really should have
wrote some terms and conditions so
that's honestly I have no idea where I'm
going
hi my name's mark
we should probably get you an extra
large one there you go Morgan I'm very
excited cuz all you've tracked me tears
why I don't know I'm just good feeling
about it I just really wanted a peak
rising it you know I don't want to
exploit you feel finer oh my god Cara
yeah
it's an iPhone what's what no joking
it's just it's just a 20 pound Tesco
phone if we try and print you can't
spend anything oh no okay great well
that didn't selfish she's found
something anyway would you need two bags
of frozen strawberries look at them okay
so we got to try this again moments
later we have arrived at a place with
many shops with many potential to spend
many monies of not mine please don't do
English do you but we are going to step
off the level last night we took home
McDonald's and we took on Tesco's but
the challenge isn't over
we're stepping up and I'm gonna spend so
much of your money Morgan good you know
what let's just get it over with okay
little does she know I have something
big come on Cara you make sure no idea
where I am
Ben you there we go keep going yep keep
going no nothing no problems over here
just maybe give yourself over push no
okay no no hey hey don't let money on me
so straight to kill me oh yes sounds
kind of bad when you put it like that
no Cara are you ready yeah let's go
let's start touching come on
well yo yo yo yo hey hey hey
y'all be careful maybe maybe the other
way maybe go the other way we do not
want to go anywhere near that's you know
what I'll pay for as much food as you
want as long as you put the blindfold on
and eat it with the blindfold on all you
could just do it without it but then
you'd have to pay
you know what Kira you did well you've
got one of them you somehow managed to
actually feel and find it but now comes
the hard part you have to eat it and to
make even harder I'm nervous because I
hate like most food okay is there
something in the chopstick you got
something kara you got it and
unfortunately for you I know for a fact
you don't like it it may be free but
that doesn't make it nice well that's
the way think it is is it
avocado it probably shouldn't care is
just or motocross another shot what do
you want to do you want to touch
something yeah I'm just gonna go
straight in see if I can pick some weak
divide again am I going the right
direction
yep oh my god oh my god no you know what
actually just touch it like you're
touching glass I want this I don't know
what if I don't want you know so close
but so far kara the glass separates you
from all that money okay mr. creeper I
bring you into the next shop I can
actually do something if you I mean if
you want oh my god you just got yourself
a Jack Willis men's hoodie come on keep
going maybe if you try harder you can
find something that females Wow yeah
that's me you're a female oh I have to
be so careful I don't like more accent
he taught Jenny okay
Oh Kara that is definitely not legal
kara you just put your hand somewhere
that no harm
this one meaning I want a boob job
you've touched it now Kara let's go find
out how much it was - not too bad
45 pounds I guess it could have been
worse or I'll take that hopefully won't
get any worse from here okay oh wow you
know what Kara I'll happily value that
you no problems buying you that maybe
maybe even get a few more it's a it's a
nice Oh so ugly I'll let you not buy it
I'd rather buy it and then you could try
it on for me
where are you
Oh oh gosh I I don't know how many of
them me you need to buy but you touched
about ten of them this is another bra I
think you may like this one a little bit
more and also it doesn't look as big so
it might actually fit Oh what your what
I didn't see the run wait yo yo yo hey
hey easy hey hey hey hey yo yo how much
of Calvin Klein stuff come on
no no no that's 80 pounds altogether I
haven't got that much to spend on you
hey Jill I'm John Shaughnessy we are
under a chance buying me oh that's nice
it's too small for me a few moments late
hey Morgan I smell makeup yes because
you just stumbled into the makeup
section no just not as a table oh okay
oh oh you don't need one thing thank you
so much Morgan
okay so we have had a very confident rip
so far apparently Morgan didn't know how
expensive makeup actually was and carrot
the cameras near ya
follow my voice my hair is too big no
sound is getting through this so we have
like a hundred pounds worth of makeup
and underwear so far I've only just
started so Morgan why do you think I
should go definitely not to your left
okay thank you
wait oh I'm not very good oh no no no no
no no please please place obstructing my
path Cara it is a an electronic vehicle
it's at our Cara I won't know I don't
think this one's available to buy I
think it's an ornament care I don't
think I can just buy it go let's go
let's go
she doesn't matter guys I can't pay for
anymore
I can't buy anymore Akane I've already
spent a hundred pounds the Condors
deliever oh god no
oh no mom mom even though she's gonna
buy like your kefir oh my gosh why are
you touching every single bond oh my
gosh see this is one of them things why
you can have only need one of them know
what they're each home and that sale
that's okay all right okay
a few moments later surprisingly not
Kira has made her way to the food
section
it's like share some sort of instinct
where she just gravitates towards
unhealthy snack that is a point award no
no seriously be careful oh oh babe oh
yeah this is what I feel like I don't
want this okay fine oh my got a slushy
maker I love you killed the moment that
well sure I love having a rich boyfriend
Aria might give up I don't play this
game oh my god
Cara no no I'm gonna take the blindfold
off right now we can't do this we're in
the Apple shop there is a limit Kyra
it's working
Kyra it's working fine that is not a
valid excuse to buy a home thank you so
much no no you're not having one you
can't do that cute little face to me
it's not gonna work tell them everyone
always already says it anyway it's not
gonna hurt me anymore is it
how much thousand cura I am still using
the original X I haven't even got that
and you want a second one a second one I
don't even want one here with my money
will go like this so you want to give
away my you can't just give away my
money that's not right
my trust in you
right I'm gonna go between these guys
yes Morgan I dunno and you know what I
found a wad of cash in your bedside
table so joke's on you that's mine now
and I've already spent it I've got a
brother actually fits because that one
was way too big oh my god
subscribe to Kyra Bridget or die it's
that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
