hi so it's a video is a very important
video because I want to introduce you to
someone one that's just my best friend
Ruth thick and thin and someone who I
love very dearly I think it's how you
met my boyfriend guys this is Sherlock
he's my boyfriend and as you can tell we
are very much in love they say the way
to a man's heart is through food right
so we have been dating for around three
gears when I picked him up from some old
guy's house like five hours away and it
was love at first sight but there's only
one problem I'm very much into
intelligent man so I thought was about
time we tested my boyfriend's
intelligence
I'm joking before anyone does like this
video bestiality is very very very wrong
and is condemned by me he's just my dog
he doesn't talk he doesn't even like me
that much so enjoy the video so today
shallow we are going to be testing your
IQ I don't want to scratch the walls I
went online and gathered some IQ testing
dog testing intelligence testing
questions and we're gonna test your hook
sir abilities test one problem-solving
place tree on the soup can now I don't
have a suit cam but I have this donor
one at four and I have some pedigree
tasty bites oh now you
oh by the way if you see my leg thing I
have a broken leg that's what I have got
then you start embarrass me
I mean you can do that I'm actually
honestly quite shocked at how fast he
did that I thought you were gonna say Oh
nonsense I breakup of me
oh I didn't raise a stupid dog thank God
I don't need to raise a child as too
quickly for a large towel over dog's
head and shoulders now this seems really
really mean hey
what you're some kind of stupid dog I am
so proud of my mothering skills like
what test that's free problem-solving
place treat under a small towel I don't
have a sort of POW but I have kitchen
roll this is cheating I know you deserve
the best you literally just felt a cold
glass of juice into my light shoes okay
so it is really really quick eat so I
can use this to clean up the mess I just
made
did you gather who needs a boyfriend
when you have a clever dog who needs to
deal with the heartbreak and the tears
you have a dog who is mu through thick
and thin and entertained you by being in
your YouTube videos and retrieving
snacks from underneath paper it sounds
really dumb when I said out loud yeah
another flaw I just put a dog tree on my
lap to open I guess because my laptop's
high-interest Lee
I have like dog treat gunk all on my
laptop it literally looks like semen
like the next test is to test your dog's
paw preference but like he does this
trick where you say give me a paw and
then you say give me everyone and gives
both look people give me a paw
good boy I literally wish I was as smart
as him if I was a dog I did she'd be the
most stupid dog I really kind of dog
that's a moment just you know those
pictures of dogs and people just like
beat them or you know those like funny
dog videos to come compliment
compilations and it's just like dogs
walking into like glass doors and things
like that me oh girl look at that booty
I'm basically hitting him because I'm
the worst everything to do that kind of
the only good ones like her find app
would be the only ones I think he could
do because well so if anyone's
interested in hitting off a good
attractive dog like show that he's a
common light and subscribe for updates
about Sherlock's dating life should I
make you a tinder profile wouldn't see
if anyone matches him it's illegal I
don't know that's a good video idea okay
I'm gonna go now don't love me because
my dog stupid I
