don't you get the feeling that someone's
watching us this is not clickbait in any
way shape or form hi this is my first
video and when you come on oh my god my
life like I using this quality door I
like see ya I'm pretty excited and I was
saving this story for when I got like a
good camera so everything would be like
super HD and laying and I Ellen why did
panes only flow over my house and I'm
about stop video like I'm happy
I saved this story times and now and I
hope you enjoy what Jing you know I
didn't enjoy it happening and it's still
burning so I made some bullet points on
my trusty laptop all the creepy stuff
that's happened over the last three
years and now I'm going to tell you in
story form and I hope you I hope you
like it so this house in which I'm
currently in right now making this video
we have lived here for about nine years
and the person in which this story is
about has lived across the street and
one over from us for about the last six
or seven years now this person we
noticed around two years ago I think
he's talking us like mmm I don't know P
before we gonna say oh yeah that he can
be a stalker like he can't help that he
lives across the street from you are you
stupid
like I just mmm-hmm just bear with me
listen to the story and I think me let
me give you a little bit of a preface
about three years ago it was late at
night and me and my mum decides hmm
let's go get KFC it was dark outside
Cassie was still open and we walk across
the street where our car was parked near
his house to get in the car and drive to
Cassie all of a sudden I don't know what
came over me but I went don't you get
the feeling that someone's watching us
and we both just kind of far is like
what you know when someone's like
looking at you and you think someone's
looking at me
and you turn around and tom was that
like it was like that but it was dark
and those of no one around I guess and
then thinking back on this about a year
ago this event that happened kind of
made us realize that was probably this
guy watching us I trust my instincts if
I haven't instinct about something which
I haven't instinct about that I trusted
and I'm not saying that's like cold hard
solid FBI evidence because it's not
shortly off this experience my mother
had one of her like first baby fetus
encounters with the man she was alone
she was in her car about to drive away
and all of the sudden this little man
comes like you know joking up to the car
I'm tapping on the window it she's like
oh oh and so she was down the window and
she doesn't drive with shoes on her most
of the time I don't like a lot of adults
do this I don't understand because I
can't legally drive because I'm a child
so this man scores over the car looks in
the window goes oh why do you have any
shoes on and she goes oh it's just
easier to drive that way and it is man
this little creepy man there's a creepy
man whom she does not have a personal
relationship with goes people would pay
good money to see those feet
feel like that's a good way to open up
this story time that's the kind of
person he is and by the way two smiles
married I think I actually genuinely
think you're 69 I often my power
audience and she went 69 it's while
fitting and over the duration of like a
few months these comments like so built
up he would make a few like really
creepy really weird really personal
strange kind of questions and you know
things she just thought he was a bit of
a creep honestly and so did I I just
assumed it's a bit weird maybe he's
lonely maybe his wife isn't putting out
enough I don't know however over time we
realized that every time we left our
house he'd open his front door and be
looking over like and then as soon as
you walk out a card ran out like Hello
it's just so weird like what how did he
know it's literally like he was watching
for us open door it was almost every
time we left our house he would also
leave his house it was really odd and it
got to the point but we would have to
change our daily routine so say we went
out at 7:30 every morning to like me to
go to school and you know we'd have to
change it like 20 minutes early or 20
minutes later just so we wouldn't run
into him and we'd do that for that
awhile and then he'd adapt to our new
routine as well it's really strange
every time we'd leave the house in the
morning he'd also leave the house in the
morning like pace up and down the road
and be like hello and go back inside his
house like why are you so obsessed why
and one day one day everything all kind
of just like you know got together in my
brain and I thought hmm
this is when it clicked this is when
this man is a creepy stalker guy then it
clicked we was on the way home from
somewhere we was in our car we was
driving back to about to drive back into
our driveway and all of a sudden I go
why is he hiding behind his car and we
looked over and you see him crouched
down behind his car clearly pretending
to be occupied or is there
on the floor behind his car there's
nothing left to be occupied by and you
can see him daily hiding like he was
like this and that you're looking at
like Oh pickle with the plastic like the
metal sheet that covers Accardo let's
fit all of this yeah boy I was like
that's a bit weird like that's proved
our suspicions that he's desperate like
have some kind of physical contact with
us but you know he's desperate he needs
this and we're kind of like wow that's
really strange maybe it's just a
one-time thing like the scariest part of
it all is we don't know how long he had
been doing this creeping thing before
before we'd even like notice that it's
just really like it makes me feel a bit
like gross he was crouched at his old
car and as soon as we get out of our chi
he pops up and goes oh and we both just
look to each other like did you see that
did you saw that right you saw that
right what that was like the start point
you know when we realize something's up
this man's not right he's obsessed might
be a stalker enm annoy well this is a
good one so that while ago maybe about
like a year and a half ago a back car
see he comes over to her one day and
says oh you a new car it's pretty nice
yeah like he what happens like a few
days later he buys a black car he bought
her black car because she bought her
black car and he wants to match even
what soulmates and you know what he said
you know what he said I looked at car
like you now what and I might mention
just so like back up what I'm saying my
grandma got very sick around this time
around who like three years ago so my
mom would go out to his house because he
only lived a street away like five times
day to make sure he was okay you know
make sure you had dinner make sure he
had shot pain make food food you don't
things like that so she'd go out a lot
in the day and every time she went out
almost every time she left the house
he'd come out of his door I need to go
hello
well like hi how are you like try and
make conversation she's like oh I gotta
go gotta go
and this isn't just an old man being
friendly he has a wife like he has
life as well he's being every now this
is when things start to get really weird
around two years ago we had some
neighbors and they were like a bit you
know the type you know if it trolls a
bit loud but it's go away and so my
mother and this man sort of got into
like roots of each other and I like
talking about everything what was going
on with like things because he was
pretty much the only one on our street
you wanted to help sort out the problem
of these like irritating neighbors and
she thought oh my god they're getting
really annoying I have to do something
let's just try and see if he can help me
cuz he haven't done anything bad he'd
been a freak
we haven't done anything bad this was
probably a mistake so one day he's like
to her Oh
can I have your number so I can text you
about like neighborhood updates general
things general old people things not to
have a personal relationship with you
not to have a conversation with you just
so I can like text you updates about
things you know and like yeah it's okay
and she was obviously probably a little
bit reluctant bit hesitant but she was
like fine it's not like she'd give him a
fake number like he lives across the
road if it was wrong you know you come
over a lot more no baby
right and you'd rather like receive his
like you know weirdness over tax and in
passing it says weird and you know what
she thought else okay you just give me
update it's not like you're sending me
pictures of his penis so ever so it's
all good then he starts sliding into
those dams if you know I mean he Dems
tech started getting a little bit more
frequent and just a little bit more like
personal and a bit weird like this one
time one day she comes home from being
out she comes through the front door
she shots the front door and as soon as
she shots the front door she hears her
like her phone a text so she looks it
and guess her it was like come on
children have a guess good fake yeah are
you guessing yeah yeah yeah it was him
it was a man like oh it was him it was
him
Leah's little name on the little just
Nakia touch screen phone screen oh hello
and you know
he said I liked this shirt you had on
today what sorry sorry sorry excuse me
come here come here
like what please that a bit louder
please
so she looks at was a little I fingered
or you know we can see out no one's that
normal to be seen he was not standing in
he's like a little pathway or something
so this is when it clicks he's watching
us from his window that's how he knows
when we open our front door to open his
and come and say hello because he is
obsessed also he's also watching her
from the window because he knows what
shirt she has on you wasn't even outside
and if he was outside he would have said
hello it's probably just cause he
couldn't capture in time and when it hit
up and have a conversation like what so
right on my next-door neighbor at like
quite good friends you know they talk
about general stuff
and one night it was around 8 o'clock
they both went out the front door and
like this it was just like talking but
all of a sudden his door opens and it
like open slowly like and he's standing
at the door like this like so we all
just went quiet me my mom my neighbor we
just went quiet like what you seeing
it's like all you see like what is
hearing what do you think that before
you know there he's come out walked down
the road like pretending he's going for
a walk at nighttime in the dark on his
own yeah your walks halfway down the
bottom of the road walks back up and
comes to a gate and you know he said
take a guess take it guess what he said
oh I actually genuinely think this old
man's been smoking something crack
cocaine or snorting sand black tar
heroin can you just not that I don't
know so from that point on my my mom and
maybe used to go out and have their
nighttime conversations with each other
they'd be very paranoid the Ebers there
watching so they started to look up at
his window his top window and you could
see him looking out of the window when
we looked at the curtain would move like
that and then when you look back down
again it would open back up and also he
wears glasses so you can see the
reflection
in his glasses in the window like take
your glasses off you trying to be slick
or something like why is there so many
suckers why do people feel need store
people and watch people and make them
ungodly one to stare evil like did I
make you uncomfortable made me
uncomfortable
so his texts to her were becoming more
often and she was getting a bit weirded
out so she went and said to him all my
phone's broken I'm sorry you can't text
me and he was like oh okay but it's man
this man got our email and started
persistently emailing her updates about
the neighborhood about all the things
are completely irrelevant oh he wrote a
book by the way
yeah he sent her a copy of his book of
his life not even a book about a story
an autobiography of his life his very
uneventful life
that was weird so once the emails
started happening and getting more
personal and frequent you know she said
you know what she said my Wi-Fi is
broken I don't think we need Wi-Fi and
apparently our only means of the
Internet we have in this whole house was
the data from my phone no Wi-Fi was
broken she just told him the Wi-Fi was
broken but she had to get into this big
deep spiral of Lies to cover up the fact
that that she just doesn't want to talk
to a stalker I don't know if any of
you've watched like these see I murder
programs but when you tell a stalker
that you're not interested that's when
they get hostile that's when they slit
your throat open and eat your esophagus
put it in a pie and chew up your spleen
where's your spleen oh no but that's
when they get cannibalistic you know now
this is when she started getting and
being confrontational one day she's out
on the front garden it's a hot sunny day
and she's just doing some like general
things the dogs with her and my dog
doesn't have his lead on so she's
holding him by his collar bent down
holding him so she's been over at the
hot day so she's wearing like a shirt
similar to this not very modest and
she's been over and she looked up and
he's standing there with his phone like
this over her and then all of a sudden
she is this
Sapna's he described it to me that's a
photo right and she's like did you just
take a photo of me and he goes oh no I'm
just turning my own right my own data
roaming off it over the phone loads of
turning your data roaming or doesn't
make a camera sound and I just think
it's quite tough considering she's bent
over in a shirt like this yo my name is
sir and he saw this and he rose um yeah
he definitely just took a photo of your
tits it's like more disgusting than
anything girls at some old like man's
probably like having fun time with the
photo of my mother's breasticles one day
she decided she'd had it off a few weeks
after this she's back in the garden
again it's a hot summer's day in a
t-shirt like this she's been over like D
weeding the little snaps in the ground
and all of a sudden she hears his door
opening and he scuttles on over like he
looks like natural Wow
he likes Cottle's on over there our
garden and she just looks up like I'm so
done with this and slightly before this
particular event occurred a few
neighbors had told her that they'd
noticed he'd been a creep like he was
creepin on her he was watching her and
that noticed him doing it but no one
said anything I don't know why old
Ramona pussy is like if you see someone
stalking someone I'm pretty sure you
tell them just me okay maybe I'm the
only one with morals so yeah he's got
those over to her language and she's
sitting now on the floor she looked up
and all over hot sudden she is the
camera click so she looks up at him
completely infuriated and goes I know
you just took a photo of me don't you
know you just took a photo of me people
have been telling me what you're up to
you're a pervert stay away from me she
goes off on one and you know the funny
thing is you didn't even deny it
he just went oh and then scott'll dove
back into his house and shut the door he
didn't even deny it if someone accuses
you of being a pervert I sure you deny
that no I'm not a pervert yes you are No
like that like he didn't deny it because
he knows it's the drove see ya
he's like weird antics calm down for a
little while and it's a while and
recently it kind of flared up again he's
been doing not opening the door thing
again but you know he's been he's got
better I think if you have a stalker you
confront them I mean there's a 50/50
chance they could back off or they could
chop you up into million pieces and send
it to everyone you love but we you know
about and yeah one point I was scared
for my life but yeah
life goes on I guess I hope you like
that story time and I really don't I
hope I have to make a second installment
to that because thank you for 600
subscribers that's a lot of people I yes
make sure you follow my Instagram my
Twitter my snapchat I'll leave it all in
the description below
well I'm getting so good at this I'm
like the best YouTube ever I'm being
sarcastic subscribe
oh yeah bye I'm watching
