I feel like people are over red lipstick
people over red lipstick yeah I'm
override lipstick hi
so it's now June okay
yeah and summer is approaching very very
fast way too fast for me
and honestly I hate that I mentioned how
much I hate summer in my unpopular
opinions video oh I feel like I should
just dedicate a whole video in itself to
white summer it's just the worst thing
ever like ever like however there are
many struggles to not liking something
but because I'm sassy and cool I have
found excuses and ways to get around
every single one of these problems if
you're like me I am NOT a fan of the
heat then stick around the first one
swept and this is some kind of like
fetish thing I feel like most people can
agree with me on the fact that like you
sweat it's just not a nice feeling
I just think sweats just like the worst
like oh and you have like I hope passive
people who should like always have the
own and something gets deodorant Lee so
I don't know if anyone's noticed because
like I don't usually have my natural
hair in a video usually straighten it
until it's dead but I have my natural
hair today and it's pretty much like a
mane like I have like you know like I
have a lot of like and as you can
imagine in summer it makes me very hot
cuz it's like wearing ten hat and don't
say like oh just put it up like get a
hair tie and put it on your head because
like yeah that's that's imposs oh stupid
like sorry we're not basic over here on
Mike how we're not basic if you haven't
noticed I'm being sarcastic also if you
didn't notice that so yeah you could get
one of these and just like you know like
you know like that but like yeah who
wants to do that here's my solution
though as a female with working ovaries
I have many of these things laying
around it's
clean is more easily and I put things
like Aegina and then sit on my head like
when I prove this sticky area on your
hand and then when you start to sweat
aren't I genius because like these like
the most absorbing things like you know
they absorb a lot so why can't they
absorb sweat fire on my Etsy store if
you're a boy or you're 11 you may want
have any of these like trusty sanitary
products around but I'm sure you have a
toilet so now what you have to do is
just like coat your body and also this
can be more convenient because you'll
save a lot of energy from patting
yourself like that which will cause you
to get more hot because you're using
your muscles more I go to school so this
way as soon as you sweat it will be
absorbed straight into the tissue
and I think that's about it you can just
tuck this bit into your bra and if you
talk it far down and off it might give
you like a little lift as well keep
those boys looking out for you and the
summer like hey boys from now and
because we want to save the planet and
we do not want to waste all of us sweaty
tissue if it
oh my god I'm at if anyone's office is
allergies like myself either ends of the
run Tish insert into each nostril and
you're set and also you can wear as a
cute summer headband keeps the sweat
away keeps the flies away you don't have
to wash your hair not will see your dad
ruff and also you look cute it's not
always 100% effective blow right you'll
be careful
next on the life hat is one is very very
close to my heart of hair white girl I
always get Kyra why don't you go outside
and tan under the Sun or joke's on you
because me in the Sun we are not friends
but what you need to do is get the
darkest shade of fake tan this could
always come in handy for this one that
should be enough now I know it looks
like actual dried mental blood but I
don't have I don't have a joke that
sorry get that and you just rub it on
your face
now baked at can be very expensive and
what everyone can afford this necessity
so I have another alternative for you
now if you don't have any fake time what
you could just do is go to a local park
I'm on the floor so I just have a look
around and if you're lucky you'll find
some of these little mini vlogs of joy
yeah they smell a bit funky but beauty
is pain right now by far the worst thing
about summer is when the Sun melts off
your makeup now if you start off your
day looking like this and ending up like
while me rather than just putting your
normal a little bit amount of makeup on
your face just put extra on why not just
have a spare on your face yeah pretty
much I see a lot of girls using this
trick even when it's not summer so good
for you girls you're way ahead of the
game however like I mentioned previously
these products can be very very
expensive and all you cheap bitches out
there probably can't afford them like me
well I'm just so prepared I'm being very
considerate of the poor right now again
I see lot of girls using this trick so
well done to you girls you look fabulous
I only have a purple sharpie but isn't
some all about trends and why be a trend
follower when you can be a trend setter
you're just going to get your Sharpie
there you go Wow don't I look good
purple brows are going to be all the
rage this summer so are they going for
your basic bold brown eyebrows like even
guess what Brown I'm running like that
so last summer go for these hot purple
eyebrows and Sun definitely won't knock
them off because doesn't purple reflect
the Sun or something wait no I think pop
and yellow
like opposites on the color wheel
something like that so oh yeah you've
got that unibrow all summer long and not
and stop you you're brave girl you're
powerful and you're gonna take on this
summer like an on summer storm you're
just going on what summers backside and
be like by summer I don't care about you
food last tack you want to impress those
boys but you have the body of a
ten-year-old boy see using bronzer on
your bicycles it's very popular amongst
the beauty gurus nowadays you know this
thing but what does that do here on my
channel we think outside of the box
mascara makes your eyelashes bigger so
why wouldn't it make your boobs bigger
right just gonna get your mascara and
you're just gonna place it in the crease
of your breath oh yeah you go girls I
can already see you doing this on the
other side of the screen and feeling
great about yourself equals all those
boys are going to be hitting you up this
summer because you're just quite so
floor that's like now five year-olds add
myself to a birds in the sky that's what
we're aiming so now I'm feeling
confident I'm ready to take on the
summer it does any other features of
your bodies that you'd like to
accentuate and bring out to flourish I'm
sure this trick would also work for your
cheekbones glow lit oh and don't forget
the collarbone good I have those qualify
so now you and me are ready to combat
this summer I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope you will come back for
more for more of this hit that subscribe
button if you want to watch me rub
foreign objects on my face even more I'm
gonna go make a really of gymnastic
thumbnail now subscribe bye
