hi so recently I've realized that I've
started this whole YouTube thing
completely in the wrong place I just
jumped straight into it and I gave no
one like a preface no one's had a
backstory on me I could be a psychopath
serial murderer which I'm not and you
wouldn't know do you know you but I'm
not I'm probably not what I'm a set okay
yeah and get yeah you get it so this
video is for those who want to know
something about me because you watch my
videos and maybe think I'm cool which
I'm not I'll get into that or it's for
those who maybe you just come across my
channel hi I'm Kara
I'm a mess I'm not a role model you
probably shouldn't subscribe but do it
anyway get it's how you do shut up Birds
I'm going to tell you some things I hate
about myself some things I don't some
things that are kind of interesting
mostly things I hate about myself which
let's be real always probably everything
my whole body my personality everything
I've ever said or done enjoy subscribe
give this video a thumbs up if you think
that I don't know I really I I honestly
I have no I did like the first thing is
that I hate my accent with a fiery
burning passion and it's not like I just
hate like my regional to London accent
like I hate the fact that I am like a
stoop like a British person when I
started this channel I was honestly like
20 percent debating or just putting on
like a fake hi my name is Kiera and I
like to like you know Kate may make
people like me a bit more and I feel bit
confident but then like that wasn't
gonna backfire like go on but yeah I
really don't like my accent I feel like
you might hinder me a little bit in
trying to maybe being slightly trying to
do something with YouTube because I feel
like people don't like British youtubers
and I don't really like British
youtubers are Martin and honestly I
don't really like British youtubers that
much there's a few exceptions ones I
really
like but like they make me cringe a
little bit because we're just not funny
we're really not funny I like to derive
my humor more from like the Americans
you know rather than the people from
here I don't really make England jokes
because I don't get them myself
so how do you all want to you guys now I
don't know if anyone's noticed in like a
previous video oh I don't want to say it
in case like I get like gave but my is I
don't dislike my ears like I don't stick
out like that much or anything but like
if you can't tell that point it like
that pointed I'm like one of those like
Star Trek people I'm an actual elf and
I've never seen anyone like with is like
actual like to is like elfin I destroy
my hair like this like is that something
wrong with me do I have a disease do we
need to go to the doctors someone let me
know like number I don't know I hate my
hair more than anything like I don't
hate my head why do I keep elbowing war
I don't hate my hair I just hate what it
does with itself
my hair is really naturally curly but
it's not curly in a pretty way it's
curly and like a light kind of way like
I can't scribe it but I think it looks
like pubic hair
I honestly think my hair looks like
pubic hair when it's not straighten like
this like this took a long time such a
long w my best friends I might pose of
these for a phone they are like
I'm David also I went I was like 10 I
used to be blonde and now I just have
this craving to be blonde I'm just like
jealous of blonde people because I miss
being blonde like really really freakin
badly like I was so like cute and fluffy
being a blonde person I think I was much
prettier back then than they are now I
mean it's just like sucked out my soul
and I kind of wanna die my hair blonde
at the same time I really want to die in
my hair because I'm allergic to
everything and I'm always terrified
having allergic reaction next one I've
never been able to relate with anyone on
this one so don't unsubscribe because
I'm stung called bit but I hate like
babies and children mainly like baby
children you know that middle stage more
than anything in the world like Oh like
I really want to get like one of those
things implanted in me in the future
which is like a natural contraceptive
but here they like make you fat so no
thank you
whenever someone shows me like a photo
of like a baby or child you go oh my god
look at this photo I'm sorry about man's
look at this photo on my phone of this
really cute child like oh my god it's so
cute and I babysat it and I hugged it
and I played it like all day I'm just
like don't I'm not going to enjoy it
like I don't think babies are cute like
don't show me and then they go oh yeah
but he / she is so cute
you'll love her like you'll love it like
no and I'm like no I warned she's stop
like stop like every won't mind your
baby cute like no like gross like they
pee they poop like I pee and poop but I
don't pee and poop on the floor there's
different I mean sometimes have you but
like maybe you're I am the biggest
germaphobe I get teased about this quite
a lot and I get cooled like OCD and
stuff which I can imagine is quite
offensive to the OCD community and that
accents will be very offensive - yeah so
like I don't ever share like glasses or
like water bottoms of anyone like your
books anything like that I know that may
be like kind of basic you know I don't
want a disease like don't give me to
Amelia from my mouth if someone hands me
food I won't eat it like that simple as
that
and it used to be really bad at some
point where if someone breathed named
life nope if someone breathed over my
food that I was eating I wouldn't eat it
I wouldn't want it anymore like it's bad
I don't even share with my family I
can't member last time I shared a drink
of someone and it number I don't know I
have a dog
same a shark he's under my like legs he
won't come up hit us on her even I get
to try to get him up but he might buy me
because he growls on you try and letting
go he plays it honey
laughs people
me okay I'm gonna try not disturb my
like setup if you were it's always like
the total like layout and the way you're
viewing things just completely changed
because everything just fell down like
everything like my life just come
crashing into my head now I have this
the next one is I never really told any
of my actual friends about like this
whole YouTube thing until today I don't
even know if anyone like then unleash me
in real life is actually gonna watch
this but like I didn't know what to like
you say it's not really the most normal
thing and I don't like people saying bad
things about me not that this is
anything to say bad things about we get
it's like you know I'm doing your job
gosh my dreams the next thing is I will
literally go to extreme lengths to prove
I'm right if someone challenges me to
something even if it's like something
that they're going to be way better at
than me I don't know like bear fighting
or something or like cliff jumping you
know I am going to like your songs like
I'm better than you at this and you
won't even do it and I'm just like bring
on even if that's like you're messing
with my life ah a lot of people do know
this about me that I don't like to be
wrong
and I mean who likes to be wrong but
like I really don't like to be wrong
like I won't admit that I'm wrong ever
I will go to extreme lengths to prove
I'm right even if I'm wrong I to be a
lawyer I'd be rich because we're all
about those dollars here aren't we
sometimes I thought of blaming on people
I hate it when other people found a lot
of people makeup related kind of
confession is I use makeup this like
three years old like a ninja I know they
have like a sell-by date on them and a
society of bacteria supposed to be
really gross for like I don't know about
anyone else but when I was younger I
used to really want my period like
ah until I got it and now I bleed on
everything it's just kind of gross if
you like a dog
yeah so if you like to and you're like
oh my god I can't wait till the day I
get to bleed out of my vagina like shut
up like and stop like no like no that's
about it like for me so far I probably
think of much else and if I do I'll
definitely make a sequel if you want to
see that if you've got this far into
this incredibly like unoriginal like oh
my god like basic video leave a comment
actually leave a comment on what videos
you want me to make next and if I like
your idea I'll like make a video and
I'll put like your thing up here of your
comment and be like this person told me
to make this video if your ideas aren't
awful and they might be but mine are
probably worse so hmm so if you enjoyed
this video I sure did it and jump up and
subscribe because yay
so if you're new make sure to subscribe
and go check out the rest of my videos
because there's like a chance that you
will only dislike three of them maybe
thanks for what Ching I'm never saying
that again I always have like Inc things
on my hands I don't know why I'm a squid
