hi so if you're here because it looks
like I have no clothes on then you're
wrong being trendy just makes me look
like a slut I'm just gonna jump straight
into this video I literally have nothing
to say and since you're all going to
hate me by the end of this and is there
even a point like it's literally it's
not even funny like sorry here are some
of my unpopular but maybe popular I just
don't know about it opinions don't hate
me okay okay I hate ketchup to such an
extent it makes me angry I briefly
touched on this in my pet peeves video
but if you didn't watch that I just try
to explain how I hate ketchup and I
think I finally found something to
compare it to that might convert all of
you ketchup or fours which by the actual
way like ninety three point six percent
of the population eats ketchup and it
angers me like even the starving orphans
in the orphanages that are probably
sitting down the little Annie benches
spooning ketchup into their mouths like
savages like no it's so wrong why don't
you just save your money and go out and
buy it tomorrow so it's probably better
for the environment anyway or something
like that like save the Dolphins you
know I'm freely now anyway I just think
that ketchup very slightly resembles
period blood menstrual blood lady juice
for you softies I'm sorry to be blunt if
you're like sensitive or a mouth but
that's just like how it is if you want
ketchup on your fries or your very
little hot dog give it to me and I'll
shove it up my bloody vagina
there's your condiment enjoy so gross
I'm really coming out of my shell and
don't even like get me started on like
the beginning part where something
squeezes a ketchup bottle eyes like air
in the bottom it just kind of goes like
like everywhere like like that just
looks like
to me the beginning of a very very long
night on the toilet the literal debut of
explosive diarrhea and if you're normal
you don't want diarrhea or period blood
for that matter on your food salad is
very overrated when I'm with a bunch of
people like eating food and I'm not
bitch two orders of barbecue Pete so
when everyone else is having like itty
bitty Regina George portion size salads
like it sort of makes me think that yeah
I'm going to be the first one in this
friendship group to become morbidly
obese later in life why do these are
foods that make you feel insecure about
yourself I will never know that riddle
me that riddle me that like sorry sorry
also what is even in a salad that I
can't pick out from the ground outside
what is in a salad I literally can't
harvest from the pavement or like from
him between my toes for that matter and
if you are trying to be healthy there
are so many more exciting options to
salad more exciting options and the
weeds that some crackheads pulled out of
their cannabis farm and put on a plate
and charged you large amounts of money
like you know sorry
especially when salad has avocados in it
like don't even get me started on
avocados unless you have like a good
three point six hours to spare oh and
getting so angry anything juice
I go up really loud yeah that already
here oh but I got really loud everyone
else may got really loud
also I drink friend juice out of Evian
bottles because my not also Evian
because Bujji what's up I'm having a
little man oh I was pathetic I don't
understand
Xboxes why I don't if it's just me and
this is probably where everyone
unsubscribes but like I just don't get
them I don't even think I've ever played
on one before and maybe I'm just biased
towards not liking them because I've
never used on before but I just I don't
get it whenever I see someone playing
xbox I just imagine like a prepubescent
boy sitting there filming minecraft
videos to get 12 use not that my videos
get more than 12 use them you know
doctrine quality so I have lights now if
you can't see this reflecting on my face
and it's like 0 a.m. outside which is
really good because this is my favorite
hour and this is when I get most lively
this is probably why I've been like kind
of boring in all my previous videos
because it's been like 11 a.m. and I'm
just not awake then I just have to film
videos then because that's what the
light comes in my window I was like I
like this YouTube thing I'm gonna buy a
light and show you how a wrong also I'm
more like disgusting and disturbing at
this time of night so can take a
children away these if I'm to drove by
rap I guess to why honestly if I'm gonna
be blunt I don't know what else I can
say I'm just white I like white and
white people like grab I'm just - why
think to a next level if you saw my
music taste you would actually think I
was like a myspace 2006 emo type like
honestly it's awful and there are some
rap songs I do like
I don't really know what classifies as
rap or not it's straight crap I don't
know because what I'm like looking for
Drake's album whatever it's called and
let you think through some other guy is
album like is it as me or do they sound
the same bitch derogatory terms and
money and pussy or just like all of the
words in the song like what you want me
to do with that beaches and warm places
annoy me see are they going to cold
places I like skiing for example which I
know it's how I broke my leg and I'm
sitting here a broken leg right now but
like I just look I love it when I get
hot I get angry I don't mean hot like
any other hot I mean like a hot like is
sweat like actual physical sweat like
sweat you can touch and smells bad but I
why do Jones like but what was wrong
with me but yeah I just get really
agitated for example I went to South
France last summer and it was my second
day there and I go to sit outside in
like the swimming pool area and I'm
sitting on like a deck chair for like
two hours in the Sun and Barry - it's
probably my fault because I had nothing
over my head and I had no like some
green one to like protect my body but
like I'm allergic to so I'm really like
I can do that and then I get inside and
for the whole day I just feel I'm gonna
throw up
I got sunstroke I have just really
really bad experience with hot weather
and it I'm just uncomfortable my bedroom
is south-facing which means the Sun
shines directly into my window all day
and just heats up my room like an actual
sauna so by the time I get into bed at
night
I'm actually like sweating it's not even
funny like for example one of the
someone comes to my house and they like
sleep in my room they die of like the
heat is that bad like I wish I had the
adaptations of a camel
sorry before I was rudely interrupted by
my mother she's singing to the dog
I was born with a high temperature I had
to stay in hospital for free extra days
because my temperature was too high and
they were worried about me like yeah
those are some of my unpopular opinions
I don't know how unpopular they are but
if they're not like really unpopular
then don't hang me please so I hope you
enjoyed this video I'm not gonna say
that I didn't enjoy it like any of all
my videos because I'm really really
feeling myself with this lighting like
at night I might go take some selfies
though I just want to say a quick thank
you to literally everyone who's just
been so nice to me everyone's always
like I love your video to keep up a
whole work hmm I have a fan page or
Instagram like I have 200 subscribers no
one cares about me I'm sorry irrelevant
mouth be forever around I have a fan
page you should like shout out to you um
yeah I just flash come back for more I
hope you like me please try and like
share this video because like I charles
getting a bit stubborn I'm staying at
like the same amount of views and I
really want to grow because I love doing
this and then if more people watch me
the more people can tell me what videos
to make and I like it's imply for you
guys because so far you're all really
nice to me you're nicer to me than my
real friends so why wouldn't I want this
why wouldn't I want this giving one
reason why I wouldn't want this you can
what we give me ten but Donnan ok bye
