hi masa was hanging was Gucci guys okay
well a couple of weeks ago I posted a
video called I spent in the night in my
boyfriend's house and he had no idea and
it a lot of people watched and ever
since then everyone has been asking me
to do it again problem I have no friends
I literally have one friend and last
night I risk that whole friendship that
whole like fourteen years of friendship
for a YouTube video watch to the end to
find out what happened but one thing I
should mention is we hit a million
subscribers we just kind of hit one
point free and we're about to hit one
point four I don't know what's happening
I don't know why you like me bitch made
you my life in so many ways isn't making
me feel so all money inside we have
enough money to buy a new puppy and I'm
picking up tomorrow and we're calling it
Simon yeah anyway if you want to support
my dreams and help me buy ten more
puppies I just released one-in-a-million
March this is the first time I'm telling
you guys on YouTube I've told you guys
an Instagram and it's absolutely flying
out we have limited stock of it and the
message behind it is really important
and it's to tell you guys like even if
you think you can't do anything believe
me you can because I thought I was
absolutely useless and I thought I was
going to amount to nothing and just died
if you want to be reminded of that why
not wear it on a t-shirt I don't know
see how that made me really happy tweet
me or snapchat me your order
confirmation I'll be following back and
adding back as many of you as possible
and go and follow my social medias
because if you do that you get to find
out this stuff first but anyway let's
get into the video and that's show all
these hoes how it's done so this is my
best friend Ellie only friend the only
person I could honestly ever pop up with
me for that long and I spend a lot of
time away from home but she lives near
me so I was like yo let's go to go sushi
and get some sushi I'm so funny
that's our favorite meal to get together
it's so much fun I paid for it because
honestly I fought it huh let's pay for
the trauma I'm about to give you later I
waved goodbye to her and she went home
and so did I but did I know I didn't so
I know the general buffer that goes from
where we were eating to how I decided
while she is on the bus
why don't I book an uber to follow her
bus
I followed her bus to the general area
and instead of going straight to her
house because obviously that would have
got there first
I got do but to take me to the local
shop so it's literally like a one minute
walk from her house I went in and I
stocked up on some food I've just come
down to a local shop hurry to get some
beverages because I don't know she's
gonna have birthdays in the house and I
really wanted to sparkling like a juice
well I was thinking hmm you know what
let's take this one step further and
challenge myself why don't I bake a key
how about knowing why do I do this
why no reason to it okay thanks bye cook
like John for Matt and now I'm walking
back to Edie's house I got me a couple
of snacks I'll probably show you them
when I'm eating later on but here I just
have my big long face book oh my god
that guy's staring at me so I'm actually
kind of nervous for this bit because I
don't know if she's going to have like
lots at all or not he's hunting the
middle of day and they seem sure he
locks it like when nighttime comes
around but if she have locked it that's
gonna be a problem I didn't follow her
bus all the way here in an uber for
nothing I'm stupid okay goodbye
I checked the bus times on my phone on
the app and it said that it had arrived
and I timed how long it would take her
to roughly get from her bus stop to her
house that sounds a bit she should have
been there she should have really really
really been inside her house so at this
point I had to get back to her house and
I had to find a way to get in I should
probably ABS I spoke to her mum earlier
in the day before she left to go to
France to like leave a window unlocked
and I did like maybe try and get it open
I don't know again but this isn't gonna
be any old overnight challenge video
this is gonna be an overnight challenge
video to the extreme because I'm not
just gonna be hiding in with little
spots around her house I'm going to be
actively moving around and doing stuff
to mess with her this is gonna be
intense but I hope you have a great time
watching it I do see you hate me don't
you
good bye what I can see she's new
chances are she came in and just went
straight like upstairs to her bedroom
but I guess I'm gonna have to figure a
way to get inside
and there's no handle can't see her
trances oh she's in her room up there
already sure what to do about this bet
don't know she's in the house she should
be
I assume the boss took her here my uber
just took me to the shops by her house
but I didn't actually see her bus
arrives so could be anywhere
her house is attached to this house so
there's no way to get around the back I
she's not that well there it goes oh how
are you in there pseudo Michael anything
I guess you're not supposed to climb
through windows but there you go what
she just comes back and I've just broken
there's cars driving by they're gonna
think I'm breaking in well I mean I am
here okay
I'm not good at climbing oh my god oh my
god oh my god okay then rip your house
okay let's just lock the windows there's
a little bit less suspicious and then
put the blind back down okay
how the Frick did you get that I think I
might be careful so the door's locked
so I guess when she on the bus she went
somewhere else that wasn't her house mom
was in the house but maybe I should just
but I'm worried I can talk normal
audible volume again because I'm not
good at whispering I guess daddy's not
in I don't know where she is her whole
family's on holiday right now so she has
to house herself so maybe each she went
to my friend's house I know she has a
lot of friends at like kind of live
across the world which could be bad
because the police could be on their way
here any second now because one of their
neighbors could have seen me climbing
for a window I didn't think about that
no I have to do is just kick back relax
and enjoy my yogurt I can't right now it
needs to do already so many bored just
sitting it kind of like defeat some all
purpose I only bought two yogurts these
are not gonna last me
more than about 30 seconds before I
inhaled them and I've already made quite
the mess so if I see how coming back
then I'm screwed but good thing the
window has a really good view of the
outside area I can see how approaching
hopefully if I haven't fallen asleep
which is very likely not if she just
comes in and I'm just sleeping and she
was like oh so you didn't go home and I
was like yeah I pranked you and she was
like okay so you're gonna stay here
tonight
correct a little longer than a few
minutes later
I am an idiot
today cuz I find out this morning and
then I've come in this shoe
obviously I haven't been mine yeah no I
know
just like today at any point yeah yeah
no no I have a look around
yeah no no it's fine you don't need to
send anyone man oh I'm sure it's nothing
I'm sure she's gonna pay these friends
I'm sure it's fine no honestly don't
send down it's fine I was just minding
honestly just ask Daisy and just say
I'm gonna go check upstairs now
so Ellie's mom who's on the phone - I
already told I was going to do this
previously so that Ellie wouldn't call
the police and like get arrested and get
killed so she obviously opened the
window up for me before and now she is
telling Ellie to stay in the house and
don't call anyone
oh my god she had a kunai Faye uh I
didn't realize that I'm only noticing
that now and she could have I could have
been dead it okay okay but
I mean the house oh I can't wait to
father corporative oh why do I go where
do I go but now I go I need to go and
find another hiding spot do hours later
she's calmed down she's not freaking out
anymore and she's in the living room I
just shut the door she's got the TV up
so loud and there's a washing machine
but she's probably can't hear me update
I have a sty I don't know what to do
without that she's trying to make a cake
using the Oh
I accidentally left my bag of shopping
in their living room and I guess she
might've just assumed that it was her
lungs of something so she just used it I
mean maybe it's messy person Lauren help
her out first thing it really needs a
PDA I've just realized I've just peed in
the darkness no spoiler she's downstairs
and her whole family is in France now we
may be wondering hey Kira why did you
choose to do this well her whole
family's on the other side of Europe so
that because if they were home like this
would be so much easier because she
would have just been like meth sound
like her sisters are really loud but no
I don't really have to be silent
especially since she's so on edge
already and she thinks her house is
possessed so that's great but really
don't think I shoulda ate that war cake
mix probably you're not supposed to eat
all right my mom says we get salmonella
or if you do that anyway I'm gonna wipe
my butt and I'm gonna
I feel like I'm in jail or making
forbidden snacks I feel like this is how
kids born after 2004 Phil when they're
eating Thai pods so why is she putting
these in cake tins this is the brownie I
think they're they're pretty good
apartment a giant mess I made so let's
put them in the oven where's the oven
it's okay there
Daisy right I'm not joking at all and
use actually taking them you know I
basically know because it isn't funny
it's not funny what do you mean what's
not funny I know my goodness not it's
not funny
oh I see no so funny it's a joke what do
you mean that's not good obviously
either you don't think you having a big
time you don't say that right well
you're obviously you know taken
seriously are you
why would I bring you up to tell you
that oh I have put brownies in the I'm
gonna try and like if that makes no
sense to me Oh fine but we don't know if
anything oh really cool that if I'm
gonna die Oh No
she's just gone upstairs oh that's hot
she give me any you're behind yes
laughing that's not nice
mr. beneath I feel ready sick and I'm
starting to get really tired
I also found a cat hair in my brownie I
told you I hated that top me in that
type of a really long history of hating
each other and he's upstairs he's paying
music and I'm pretty sure she's in the
shower I'm gonna go upstairs and try and
find somewhere steep honestly guys I
think I'm just gonna chill her bed until
she gets out the shower and he has some
really cool makeup I found myself
playing with a Robbie on my face for
like ten minutes straight sorry it
should have asked I from someone using
my makeup what I'm doing this
20 minutes later
Oh fucking heart stack you've just given
me a mild heart attack I think I know
what one outweighs the why are you in my
own at you in me when about eight hours
ago what the window looking good is that
fucking you earlier of the show yeah
babe you know what I'm so they were
fucking shoes my fault they don't like
here is mouth thinking maybe the bitch
left their Bernard also like you know
what I tidied up you crying yeah
are you not happy like cooked your
brownies for you said that was your uh
Oh for fuck's sake no no why
let's Jimmy give me a fucking art that
boner was she gonna call please you know
yeah I was thinking about her I
anticipate I'm a snitch well then guys
like she ain't no snitch and she's going
to sleep him I got caught I got caught I
got cool I guess she's not as stupid as
my boyfriend have a good night early I'm
I'm gonna go and sleep in your house
because this is why I told my mum that
I'd be I didn't tell you though yeah I
told her she open the window for me to
climb in I was wondering why she was
she's going to me stay in the house you
know I was thinking I'm about to get
buddy
well then parenting at its finest I've
had a great night here but honestly I
think I was ready to be cool I couldn't
do this anymore
and with that peace out
subscribe to Kiera Bridget and buy her
new one-in-a-million Marcia celebrate
hitting 1 million subscribers at Kara
Bridget calm and follow me on instagram
to see my new dog Simon because he's
really cute ok thanks or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore
he said
