hi also was hanging us kuchi guys today
I am gonna be making a video yeah that's
right
you watching this it's a video of how
you thought it was in a picture you were
wrong I am getting worst intros as the
videos go on anyway I've just gotten
back from doing a lot of stuff like
meeting new guys I went outside and it
was actually not that bad I also got my
hair did and it didn't last very long
I always a 1.1 million subscribers and
we're probably about to hit 1.2 million
subscribers because everything's like
and I am very very very overwhelmed by
everything so today I am gonna comrade
you with a banging video where I ignore
my boyfriend
we've spent a weekend very very close to
each other and I feel like when we do
that we get very angry each other very
very fast however I thought I'd make
this video to demonstrate the need for
attention in relationships and educate
you all on yeah his video got 10 million
views so now I'm doing it so it is
literally about 2 p.m. and he's still
asleep I'm gonna go wake him up to then
ignore him let's go so everytime I wake
up before Morgan which honestly it's
kind of rare because I I sleep a lot
that strange hours he always makes me
wake him up at like around two-ish
and then he's like oh come and give me a
hug and we like hug and do crazy stuff
but today I'm just gonna go in a brought
me open the curtains turn the lights on
and walk straight back out right I guess
before in clothes for once that's lucky
did not think about that you supposed to
wake up right nothing happened okay baby
love you so much love you so much love
you
I guess you could say I was successful I
don't kind of bad when he was being nice
to me and stuff but you know ever stone
cold hot so I don't really have a
problem of ignoring people they ask you
how your name just to say that you're
fine
they are not that was pretty rough it's
child I'm just gonna be especially hard
because he's done it to me before so he
noticed like this exists and this
challenge is a good thing and he knows
that it got lots of views and one thing
feel lots of views I do them too so you
get for hiding in my house is stealing
that video idea or something walking and
then getting more views on that I'm okay
less mess of him some more okay guys so
Joe is ready to take us out right now
yeah just hold that flag something on
the chain in the hotel room and then I
like you and say I worked all of it
worth it I can't like there I love it
like that it's gotta be what how's my
Joe did you hire on
care wise much oh I've no idea you must
have taken it
why would I have it where is it why
would I have your Jane I haven't even
seen you change I saw a very sad it was
right there well haven't seen I'm not
beating your room that was five hours
and where is it same well then I don't
know if you noticed but this morning I
picked up his chain off the side this
bad boy costs more than my life
Morgan will be very upset if it's what
missing good thing it's not missing and
I'm just looking after it I guess I just
won't tell them about that let's get
really go out get some snack and ignore
him some more and hopefully doesn't find
out about the change they're probably
trying to rip off my neck and I'll get
decapitated okay let's go
we're ready to go out problem number one
in the car I don't want Morgan to sit in
front of me because he if he looks back
you'll notice I am wearing
trained and probably not be happy
because he's really stressing out about
it
I had number two he always sits in the
front seat of the car I don't even argue
it anymore I don't care but he does but
today Kyra is gonna take the phone sit
up front gonna be that bitch I'm gonna
wiggle my head out the window and
pretend to be a dog I'm not gonna do I'm
gonna do that booth made use
hey what are you doing off you go off
you pop come on off you pop don't you
type what I see that no don't do that
no no no Jess
welcome get in the back you okay Morgan
I'm just not doing well on the trailer
do you think you put it on when you left
the hotel close up woman do I need to
flex my everybody don't I mean I just
don't remember seeing you when you came
downstairs my my look I know I know one
Thank You Morgan II I never shot off
last night and it was on the bedside
table next to me so you definitely think
you brought it home
what hope so but then you said you
brought keyboard home and your life at
the hotel oh yeah maybe yeah you did
Morgan you said I definitely put that
keyboard in the case and you didn't list
at the hotel you baby so do you think
you could be getting mixed up and you
could be thinking that you put it on why
don't we have this done or to be near
McDonald's yeah
these mistress ot now I was cost a lot
of money 20 pack of chicken nuggets
Mugen line would just ring the hotel I
only get barbecue chicken legend with
cheese they could say it could be that
you dropped it in the foyer of the hotel
that's why I love Stoller the way not to
alarm anyone big announcement actually I
think that's McDonald's
here's something that's so weird because
who want someone who spoke to me oh my
god that's crazy
hi can I get um the cheese and herb by
and can I get a plain cheeseburger can I
get the cheeseburger with extra cheese
Thanks and put off anything gel I'll
have one of those very very very very
bears a very burst yeah oh yeah I think
that's it that's it yeah yeah okay
that's it thank you trace thanks we're
done you ready hey what the hell boy you
say that wrong I said I wanted to be
slow but make carrot oak and stopping
troops in any barbecue sauce but talking
something like a 100 child in the bag I
mean me Kyra trying to say become say
you should all later Morgan you're not
drinking my drink
why are you drinking my drink Morgan I
didn't do anything I didn't even order
anything that's my dream Morgan that's
mine what was on the phone and was just
literally just go back and I think it's
at a hotel and it's asking them said
look we chained this issue right here
you don't want to sound how important
this is to me like seriously I just have
that check made a few days ago
and it saves my name I can't
were made I'm sorry I'm sorry I just you
don't understand me seriously I'm sorry
I know it was my mistake well you have
to you have to look for me please it's
gonna be there I know you've just try to
try harder this is so serious yeah well
that would be good
you stole food that's a criminal
activity you just stole from me hey
don't walk away I could have you
arrested you'll be speaking to my
lawyers okay you better be prepared
Hey look oh let's stop stealing stop
walking away and speak to me you can't
walk out our window cubes goodness they
put that stupid little camera down and
speed put it down and speak to me why
would you do that you looking at me like
get away oh why you following me now
you're on my chain obviously these are
the 45 bully minutes oh come it's not my
fault Morgan stupid is it oh it's not my
fault you didn't see me wearing it for
two hours there you go keep your mouth
shut so tight oh you open your mouth or
you want hey um hi hi Joe why is it come
on the cupboard I cut it that obesity
Melbourne City okay well maybe we take
Morgans one away I feel a little bit bad
Morgan II kind of you know
he was producing it did he did it and
that was my fault
why you know how were you bored me for
like a day
yeah well they got 10 million views so I
won't ignore him
I want to ignore yeah hi little guy then
you're so cute I'm so cute really cute
please what do I do
more than cooking any foods so I don't
know what the hell - Thomas what do you
want - McDonald's again
did you order delivery dizzy I mean Diet
Coke yeah it's normal who wants cheese
that was a weird table getting kind of
upset later hi okay it partly a little
bit later organ is in bed about your to
sleep I I'm dying I am about to go to
bed also to go to sleep when I fall I
could give him one last challenge the I
look like a ten year old boy right now
but what if I actually try for once over
a large case here full of things yeah
I'm I'm an organized person and I'm
gonna put on something sexy I'm walking
and ignore him so firstly I should
probably fix this nothing changed
oh happy shores pretty fancy shorts and
anything maybe I'll just pull this down
a little bit I have the second camera
set up in the bedroom already yeah get
it yeah so stupid hey why are you not
more angry I haven't said anything to
you for a whole day no I wasn't doing
anything could you do against dating my
channel subscribe subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore be sad
