which is typing again stop copying me
what's up why every time hi what's up
what's hanging or scoochie as you may
know me era I have this series I haven't
taken it in a little while where I
copied people's Instagram pictures how
creative and since we have gained over
250 Cape new Bridget's bears in the last
week let me give a little bit of history
while back I tweeted that I don't think
I look like a here's a li even though
someone else said that they think I look
like Iggy Azalea and she didn't like
that so she said that I looked like a
refrigerator shaped DVS worker so to
prove that I really don't look like her
I made a video where I thought meet her
Instagram Mitchells for a week and it
was interesting to say that he's kind of
ran out of relevant people's instagrams
to copy so I stopped doing it because I
was like oh they're not gonna get fused
until last night I had the most
revolutionary idea ever
I was at my best friend of many years I
know I hated her friends but I literally
have like one friend because I was kind
of a brat between the ages of like 4 to
now only one person could really put up
with me for that long so thank you Amy
for being friendship but she looks like
this I look like this and we have never
really looked similar in the slightest
us being very drastically different
people I was like yo let's copy her
Instagram but not tell her and just see
if she gets annoyed that I'm copying all
of her pictures if I post them all in
one day since we look so different are
two-faced your knees pics to the gods
and I couldn't just play off like I was
taking him in some random location I
literally took it one step further took
her out to all of the places that those
pictures were taken it and and copied
her Instagram and I have to do all of
this without getting cool just wait till
the end enjoy I guess ok so I'm
currently at Eddie's house there is a
party going on at her house if you can
hear
not like a font chill hit the party like
a kids party with lots of children
running around moist and it's about
literally a hundred seven billion
degrees you can see this well my face
does not make up a sweat I've managed to
convince Eddie to leave the house and go
to the o2 of me so we can go to two
different restaurants want to get drinks
I want to get food and they happen to be
the two very restaurants that she took
these two bitch of them I'm gonna try
and recreate right in front of her
without her knowing while making outfit
changes she can't find out about any of
this and absolute so discreetly I don't
know how I mean if you're gonna change
outfits just go into the toilet change
my outfit and to come out looking
completely different I also have her top
on right now perfect she doesn't notice
do have one problem though and I'll show
you that in a second
this was the most stupid idea but let's
go she's wearing a denim jacket
I am cold cold you joking I'm cold
you know what looking back considering
it was literally about 30 degrees out
that day and I was sweating I probably
could have came up with a lot more
better excuses Oh irony detail in devoid
at this point I decided to tell her that
I was vlogging then one of the cute
montage from my flock of me trying to
take pictures and being like a cute
girly indie bitch
so yeah that's not I just thought it
would make the whole thing easier
because it was really hard trying to
hide my camera in the corner for a
strong okay
I'll tell you something that really
looks like my photo no joke I literally
only just in editing realized what she
just says tell you something that really
looks like my favorite what does this
mean did she just know the whole time
tell you something that really looks
like my favorite firstly I'm sorry about
that and secondly I decided okay so I'm
gonna pretend to go and pee and then try
and change into the jeans that I found
in her house which will jeans she was
wearing in this picture to recreate the
photo however something kind of
dangerous happened when I stood up and I
almost fainted so just just watch into
the jeans and then come back however
when I stood up I don't know if it's
because I was too hot i I don't know I
hadn't really eaten too much that day I
stood up and I started seeing like black
specks all over everywhere and I've
never passed out before I don't think
how would I remember oh I've heard from
people that have passed out that that's
what happens when you're about to pass
out I freaked out I'm a hypochondriac
though I was like whoa I should probably
sit back down so I never went to the
toilet and I didn't go and put the jeans
on because I think I might have almost
died but the pictures still really good
346 minutes later
hi okay so I don't even hear people
talking listen this currently like a
mini party happening at Eddie's house
and she's in the hot tub right now and
it made me think she took a picture in a
hot tub I'm such a stalker Ellie please
call the police on me sell him at my
house you know where I live and um tell
them
I'm I've got insane I thought I'm gonna
push the pantry one more time and ask
her to take a picture of me in the hot
tub now I didn't have a bikini with me
it's where I had to steal hers it's
actually embarrassing how big that
bikini is for me why am i a boy funnily
enough it's a very same one she's
wearing in that picture because even
though you can't see it strapless and
this is the only bikini she owns she's
wearing her swimsuit right now I've got
change I'm gonna go down I'm gonna go
get her to take a picture of me I guess
we'll see how this turns out I'm gonna
have to get my hair well which I'm sad
about because when my hair gets mighty
literally turned into like a ball of
pubic hair not fun okay
oh let's go be sociable I should
probably put some makeup on first so
that kind of ugly
the next morning now after these three
pictures were taken here comes the hard
part actually making them look like her
so I took each and every one interface
tuned and into a different photo editing
app where you can give up with the ste
effect that like beauty gurus used to
use in late 2015 and he stopped using
that as ugly you've ruined my Instagram
it wasn't much to look at anyway go
follow her I sold that so well no I did
that anyway
and this was kind of hard I had to make
my nose like cuter I had to make my eyes
lighter I had to make my hairline even
even though I edit that anyway it was
just a general it wasn't easy by fing
the first three pictures that I have
taken the pretty similar I think I did a
kind of decent job so present day so the
first picture we're going to copy which
is actually four of them I was actually
with her food I was actually with her
when she took these pictures in LA she's
the kind of person that just takes
pictures of stuff 24/7 we spent
literally a whole day traveling around
Los Angeles to various different places
we went to downtown LA and there was
just crackheads everywhere and I'm a
pussy I don't go outside so I'm
used to scary people so I was quite
terrified just so she could take some
pictures of ice cream Oh ice cream
tastes the same all of it and she was
wearing a white top here that might have
a bit of a problem with finding one no I
didn't break all of my shelves and then
shovel the clothes back in a pile I
really don't know all this this might do
okay that's one option look after oh I'm
really stuck for options here I just
need a white t-shirt why do I not have
the most basic thing well I don't have
to be difficult all the time yeah
somebody in there okay
wait for what is this what is this yes
yes okay Thank You Morgan
this will do I guess I'll just have to
Photoshop that out somehow but let's
that's good I guess I need to stop
getting dressed on camera this is why I
don't make any money okay I'm sweating
so bad okay so in this picture she is
making various poses get ready for the
most awkward few minutes of your life
well I can't be a girl loved it
weather okay Oh same thing again okay
and love you donkey so next up I
photoshopped the pics which was a lot
harder than I thought it was gonna be
because apparently I'm really really bad
at Photoshop this turned out absolutely
horrific Lee next up we have this very
poorly lit picture no offense I don't
know anything that looks like that why
didn't I just steal it from my house
while I was there okay I found a
solution black top and then a makeup you
know what this is one of the least
exciting things I've ever done but at
least a favorite makeup on it maybe I'll
make it slightly easier for my very poor
photoshop skills got some kind of like
the bird and it's that maverick much no
Campu I didn't know you sold lingerie
now it is very strange it's one of the
weirder things I've done and I tell them
off with stuff I say that every video
this isn't like the worst thing I've
ever seen
why do I lie to myself so much I'm gonna
sneak own scenes
okay surely I thought okay I'm gonna go
and fix that answer now I want to die my
college it in a basically di white a
t-shirt it looks absolutely horrific and
then slightly after that I drew on some
freckles as well because she has
freckles and I thought hey why not make
fun of people's differences okay the
next morning and pretty much Morgan made
a joke on me Instagram was like you
still call me my pictures but then any
just replied to it just what
notification I'm sorry I'm naked and I
was like oh my god no oh my god okay so
I have just jumped out the bus when I
say I am but make it down that I am
butt-naked I hope no one invents some
way to kind of free deify my camera
because you're gonna see everything as I
explained before vomited stop copying my
Instagram pictures and Ellie replied
saying at multi-tier oh my god how
stupid I thought they were mine now I
see I'm sure that was sarcasm
so I'm gonna reply to it and be like
wait what do I even say to that I'm not
copying anyone I just text her saying ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha okay okay I'm nervous
oh my oh she's typing she's typing she's
typing
why are you doing this what should I say
doing what you know what honestly I have
no clue what's up are you pranking me or
something what do I even say that
because like yeah yeah I am
poking you well right I can't don't
think this for I don't understand what
you mean yeah I can spell I should have
stayed in school which is typing again
stop copying me what do you mean I'm
original and original is better no no
I'm just Kiera
it's just typing again your company
Instagram videos I literally the only
videos i watch of yours I'm not stupid
how am i copying you I don't understand
not everything's about you and
projecting because she's typing just I
think stop copying me I spend a lot of
time handcrafting my selfies
what to say to this okay okay hitch
typing typing typing are you gonna stop
stop what a need to stop yes I'm gonna
stop you know why oh because the videos
over you got pranked
piss off love friendship well then I
don't think she's seriously angry of me
I think maybe she's just confused
however this is your guys's invitation
to go and follow my instagram at Kiera
Bridget with two ways I promise I don't
look like this on that this is
terrifying appreciate your services as a
viewer of mine and I hope you didn't
hate this video too much you got pranked
goodbye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
