Oh No hi what's up um you know what
we're not really getting involved with
an intro today because I know why you're
here let's go and play with some dogs
one of these fateful woofers is going to
be controlling my life for 24 hours
which is honestly quite great because I
don't do that much I just sit around
sleep and snack all day and it seems to
me while these little guys like to do
all that I have a lot in common little
guy and we have so always out above now
cooks I have two dogs here and to be
honest I only really need one right now
even though you can never get enough dog
oh you're such a tension whore so to
determine fairly which dog I let control
my life for 24 hours fast we're gonna
host we're first gonna host a dog
agility test the winner of the tests
gonna be my master so I guess we'll
start with Paco since he's here which
like to tell them a little bit about
yourself I'll go this is Parker Bruno
shut up isn't about you his name is Pogo
he is like 1 or something he's 11 months
old is a year you're 11 months so he
doesn't know how to control his tongue
muscles is special we'll put it that way
and to start with since pokes aren't the
most intelligent breed rather than
having free Bowl we're just gonna have
to i'ma gonna and we're gonna put these
behind we're gonna put these treats onto
one of the balls and see if he's smart
enough to get it out you can do it hey
hey okay can you see what one it's under
come on Pablo you can do this you can do
this you can do it wait hold on oh go oh
my god you seriously got it already a
foot before I even got the camera to
film you know bring it back bring it
that's contestant number two is Bruno
and okay now he's a bit you know all
about body positivity here so we're not
gonna use the word fat but I'm fat yeah
you're a bit fat on you which means
Bruno likes his food which means Bruno
might be even better at this than Pulver
and to oldest huge monkey
we're gonna put under the same one he go
there's a tree you can do it don't eat
the grass
thousand years later come on come on
you're so close so good wow you did it
honestly not as fast as poco so I'm only
gonna give you a hot one point to that
because I mean you did it but probably
did it even faster yeah they ask you how
you say that you're fine okay next test
is we're gonna cover the dog in question
with a blanket and whoever gets out
fastest gets the point
Bruno okay I missed we've got him
get out one two three I think you just
accepted life under it I think this
counts right also five seconds now Pogo
might find this one a little bit more
difficult because he's taller but he's
also faster Hey look I come on you're
gonna suffocate you that's fine isn't it
good one two
okay another point two Pogo and finally
possibly the most brutal test of them
all here are my hand I hold one small
dog treat which what why why did you why
did I do that what is in a hunger game
esque style battle that can only be one
winner the other dog is gonna starve
forever and maybe not forever but the
Oracle doesn't get the treat even though
I'll probably give the over dog to treat
after because I don't want to be mean to
dogs I'm gonna hold Bruno and Pogo I'm
gonna throw the treat I'm the one who
gets to treat I guess I guess they win
Pogo is in the lead right now so if
Bruno doesn't get this point sadly that
thing is gonna be the one controlling my
life free come on come on oh my god did
you get it or they not found it yeah I
have a fact we can tell he's chewing
Bruno's licking his lips either they're
both blind including me or Bruno got it
I have no idea
now I can't lose it this time they both
up hungry if hunger in their eyes
really you got it
are you all how about red card point
deducted Pogo you're the winner here how
do you feel about that how do you feel
being the winner controlling my life in
next 24 hours how does that make you
feel do you even care good morning me
and Pablo have started our day together
wow that's not a snack I mean I look
like this he looks like that and I think
me and him are gonna get ready to go out
and spend the whole entire day together
for the next 24 hours there's one
problem my dog back at home Sherlock
it's true I'm him follow him right here
he's hyper allergenic his fur doesn't
come out and it means I'm not allergic
to him because I'm allergic to literally
anything that breathes however it's been
like 10 minutes the rash has started
already I know you're sorry I know you
can't help it little guy are you excited
it was that yeah me too
not really Jack I should we hop right
into it do you want to choose my makeup
drink that's a good way to start the day
you have a good nice little smoky eye
going on here you know I think you've
over lined your lips maybe a little bit
too much that's why inhaler makeup which
probably my least favorite part of my
daily routine or I really have a routine
so I have someone to help me today come
on let's get started I guess the first
step in most people's makeup routine is
crime and Pogo I'm gonna let you decide
whether I use my new expensive way
overpriced why isn't my back called me
to ask if there's any criminal activity
going on yeah or just to plain or
moisturizer on my face and he's a
curious dog so I'm sure he'll go to one
of them this is gonna be so hot so far
go pick one okay then guess we're just
moisture I think smells like mangoes
doesn't it Pogo I guess hello guys we
have a bit of a dilemma and that is I
don't have any foundation I'm gonna let
this little dude choose whether I just
conceal or whether intense color
correcting it cancer even I don't even
know how to do this pick one great you'd
like to choose defconn don't new Pogo I
don't know how to do this
oh I can use you can see that to cover
the rashes on my neck I'm gonna get from
touching you what do you think you
weren't professionally bronzed of a
bronzing stick that kind of looks like
you know on a dog sitting down and he's
like wee-wee if peepee you know kind of
just like Oh am I gonna use this running
out powder I don't even think that good
oh you got a pic do me well young sir
that one oh you really like that one
don't you
right okay put it down this is gonna be
interesting on bare skin hmm maybe not
it's nothing fits blend into dry skin
that is disgusting
that is gross I that's one of the more
disgusting things you thought you'd lick
Bruno's butthole there's a tooth mark
you know next up we're entering
uncharted don't lick it
we're entering uncharted territory and
that is eyeshadow can you tell I know
what I'm doing you're gonna have to pick
like two colors okay palette is called
the element of surprise and they've got
that spot on oh you like that one in the
corner go go for a map the nearest one
he thought was the purple one that was
probably a very flawed system but I
don't really know how else we were gonna
do this
what do you think then the finish result
very opinionated you are wave your bite
everyone what the last nothing I just
left the blinds open so go so go
where would you like to go I'm gonna put
him up to the window he did just look
over that so we could go on a drive
we're taking Pogo with us and then I
guess we're just gonna see where we end
up be risky what do you think what are
you thinking okay they told me up to a
little crossroads soon you can't change
your mind there's a doggie jail they'll
pick you down now get me the death
injection
you excited to go that way he's reading
course myself going this way excited oh
I've got a feeling I know where he wants
to
interesting decision you've made public
Junior so yeah well I guess we didn't
come all this way not to get your circ
right
what does he go that's a menu I really
don't know how we can engage this dogs
like cheeseburger look sorry
Jen's excited chips yeah I come out
there chicken nugget happy meal please
do you do a small milkshake okay
you get a toy as well later okay you're
here Sheffield City Council's Park how'd
you feel me too so we have arrived at
the park happy knowing all those good
job so far
controlling my day I mean probably eat
I'm sorry boss I felt you want me to try
one Kiera yeah yeah I think you should
try one mmm do these people ghosts fall
it might not want the need yeah I don't
think he likes it personally so maybe I
what do you think ogre to think think he
likes it
Nikhil upset well very clean at the half
of it's good already
also I was just picking a bit the next
day I'm dying it's currently the next
day it's about 9:00 a.m. and I have
decided to carry the experiment on for a
couple of hours and that is because
yesterday after we got back from the
park of Pogo again let's put it this way
I'm really allergic to dogs and so for
me this videos like someone with a nut
allergy
eating knots and filming it for fun I
let them not control my life for 24
hours even though they make me die it's
not that serious it only kind of swells
up my lungs reduces them to like 70%
efficiency can't we through my nose
which then means I have to breathe air
dry and not moist and air through my
mouth which then makes that happen I
feel like I can't see out of my eyes I
know this is like kind of a result of
not sleeping that's not normal if you're
one of those people that's gonna sit
there like qirush change
she doesn't care anymore she's like
Bates now I have a dedication to my
craft and if you don't see that the cool
way because I take so many tablets these
are the highest dose the prescription
hay fever medicine I can legally check
after we go back from the park yesterday
I had to kind of take a break go to bed
almost died like why do I have to be
allergic to dogs the one things actually
like me what kind of be like you say
gualas or something what even is an
acquirer where am I ever gonna go near
an iguana
why don't you know I'm gonna stop
talking because you probably don't want
to look at me anymore because I look
kind of ugly so I'm gonna try and
continue the rest of this experiment
because I dedicate it but without
touching the dog but let's go question
mark alright so it's currently the next
day I'm outside I thought I would take
this one step further to make up to the
fact that I really need to pee right now
and I for stops pee outside maybe I
could see outside what do you think this
isn't my house
bad dog but but i'ma try anyway
so poker would you like to lead the way
what's a good Bush well both that one
that maybe not that one I need one
that's gonna give me a little bit about
this what over this one over here this
big boy are you okay with this
yeah it's not something I can do to stop
it
so you know I'm just I'm just it's okay
just do it yeah I'm really pee shy as it
is but you know how I make you like go
away way oh no why is he looking Oh
poopy something is so weird
this is so weird it's the middle of the
day he neighbors my bad but it's just
out I can't do it like I know that pee
though drank like seven cokes today but
I it's just not coming out that's
probably a good thing maybe just go
inside is the job done okay Morgan see
that little wet patch there oh that's my
pee repeat outside you know so far for
this video I have to take two different
kinds of allergy medicine one in which
completely knocked me out and I slept
for pretty much the whole day even
though I kind of sleep the whole day
anyway bicep even extra this time I love
the dog in fact being random makes me
die is really sad and I think it's time
for more to get a hypoallergenic puppy
comment hashtag mobs get a
hypoallergenic puppy what was one prayer
what's a hydrogen oh you can tell he
dropped out before TCS he's I smell
really bad I smell like a dog right now
if I shower today if you haven't
subscribed already or left to life or
done some general viewer kind of thing
please do it respect my dedication to my
craft because I almost killed myself
doing this but anyway the final tasks
and one that I was looking forward to
the least its food so I have selected
we're gonna we're gonna keep doing this
huh I'm buying the talent okay
I'm mother keep paying you if you're
gonna act up
this is messed up what are you still
doing it don't give me attitude what
what you do but I have selected three
different types of dogs knackery
first up we have 20 meaty strips rich in
chicken cheap you don't have to buy
c'mon because she has the chicken well
there is kind of only one meaty strip in
here Paco loves Bruno's meaty strip
oh hey there brothers and then we have
Harrington the natural choice it seems
to be like the upper class dog food you
know you know the kind of like entitled
pretentious dogs like though the King
Charles Spaniels and the poodles of the
world they eat this stuff rich in Turkey
with veggie doesn't sound too bad
sounds like my regular diet but just
mush dog form has Omega 6 am free which
is good for a glossy coat and we all
know my kind of trademark is that my
hair looks like straw for some green I
don't know why maybe this will do me
well the bags are even open they want to
throw up tasty bites chewy cubes with
chicken they look like kind of one
you've been eating a bit funny and you
kind of poop but it comes out and like
multiple tiny little like segments you
know I mean Morgan ready for him to make
his decision please ok so I have to eat
you can't buy in hand I can smell it
from here and honestly I don't want to
throw up I get it Pat's snack before and
I gagged into a toilet like 30 minutes
afterwards I wanted to dive but maybe
dogs have better taste in food they're
definitely doing I can imagine that's
what if you chop up a dead person and
then lift it Cara there's like ten
seconds left with memory on your camera
Oh your ETA do it does only if you like
your plan do it
oh my god oh my god Oh No
this doesn't look good Oh oh god she's
stealing your food huh you know I think
she is I don't think she's been
appreciative that you gave her your food
oh no oh no oh no this doesn't look good
oh no oh no oh is it my teeth what is in
my teeth No
so let's get something straight I have
the worst calories that the world for
this video I almost died of an allergic
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
