don't mind me just being a female for
one more day before I have to take this
outfit off that I would never probably
usually wear but you know I'm just don't
mind me just mourning the death of my
channel censor not gonna be able to use
my boobs as clickbait for this one I'm
sure I'll find a way don't worry
whatever that was the worst job
interframe ever hi what's up what's
hanging lost Gucci I don't know why I
sound like a smoker okay my ass my kind
of prohibits me from doing drugs so I
promise I'm not like doing anything
illegal
what a great opening honestly I'm not
gonna bore you I'm just gonna jump right
into this video and today wait no I'm
not gonna jump right into it I actually
do have something to tell you let me let
me show you the night that this video
goes out I'm gonna be live-streaming at
8 p.m. UK time I would have already done
one live stream by the time you've seen
this and I'm only doing them for like a
few weeks for 45 minutes and I'm gonna
be talking to every single one of you so
if you've ever wanted to like
communicate with me which I don't know
why you don't do if you want to do that
click the link in the description to be
directed to this page yeah because I've
always didn't pay me
he's a being honest so that I need to
stop doing about further ado I am going
to be wearing my boyfriend's clothes for
a week straight and there are a lot of
crazy walls that I have invented to make
this 10 times more interesting and more
difficult for me because I hate myself
if I had to describe my fashion sense
it'd probably be like playing tight over
the yellow brother iconic famous world
renowned yellow bra that needs to go
away because wait look at this it has
holes in it it was wet and they wanted
to wear it so I decided to dry up a
hairdryer and they burn holes for as
that my male friend he does not own any
of those things because he is a boy and
he does not have breasts I mean again if
he wants to I'm not gonna judge but he
does he does it
okay so rule number one I have to
suitable outfits suitable occasions if
I'm going to go outside play football or
something because look at this I think
this really cool outside setup oh yeah
hey Martin well I will have to wear his
sports clothes if I'm going to dinner I
have to wear his nice eating dinner
clothes etc et-cetera what number two I
also have to try and at least make it
try and look nice like I have to try and
look presentable wearing it and not just
look like I'm wearing boy clothes number
three this is a really rule but this is
gonna make it very difficult he's six
foot four I'm about five six number four
I have to wear a underwear too and I
haven't really um spoke to him about
that yeah finally this isn't just a doll
worth voyage clothes for a week
challenge because you know what you can
wear whatever you want anyway I think
I've slept all I need to say so let's
get right into it and make myself sad
that's good I'm not happy so cognitive
days ago while I was doing their leg
I bought this beautiful exercising
outfit not to flip my own boat or
anything but Wow haha
because you know we've got to stay fixed
somehow ha someone just drove by why I
did that
no all his neighbors everywhere I've
decided so I can stay looking like a
skinny legend I'm gonna go outside and
I'm gonna do some exercise how I wear my
really nice never worn before beautiful
new very expensive my bags actually
probably getting canceled itself
oh yeah the answer is no do you know why
because I have to wear boy lifts
gigantic custom mugs short you know he
has some really nice expensive joggers
it's like 30 degrees outside so this
t-shirt is if they're just and walks
much plug isn't it but when you owe me a
lot of money you know my rates are I'm a
big deal now bye sexy outfit you will be
missed
I want Diane or even being dramatic not
even because it looks weird because to
be honest I'd probably wear this spot
because it's literally a billion degrees
outside
I am literally a dog I don't know how to
regulate heat myself I get you just have
to lay naked until I get cold enough to
survive and this outfit is really
messing with me these have like 65
different layers these are winter shorts
and this is just black it's just all
black I know my outfit was black but at
least I had some like sweat absorbing
properties this is just death but I
guess let's go and do some activities
kara come out show me a new outfit kara
kara
kit kit button kara stop hey hey stop
so I had a slight change of outfit
because they found this and you know I'm
kind of a big Minecraft fan MC for life
place just as you're wearing boys
clothes doesn't mean you got to climb in
and physical activities no it's not just
because I put a football kit on doesn't
mean I'm lean or messy get down but not
out here down the stairs stairs kara
know why you can't just jump off the top
of things you know obviously you can't
just jump onto the ground because kids
are watching and I don't want to
influence okay know everyone has boy
codes they can turn into to become
professional jump like three thousand
meals later hello and welcome to the
kira SC football match against team
morgan bad FC here you can see them
being dinosaurs and Oh for Pogo yeah
Karis being aggressive Oh Morgan he's
kicking the ball but he's not quite
getting in and there wait that's the
wrong
that's the basketball guys come on here
is about to kick Cara's gonna go for the
kick and that was pathetic how purple
foul foul that oh okay Cara come on
Morgan's had enough here sound another
bull she sounded
I have no idea what's happening to Pablo
and Morgan don't forget I'm not sure why
Cara's crying you didn't score you
didn't score oh ok one score go to
Morgan yeah Oh Pablo and carry the top
oh Jesus why slow I'm fouling huh oh yes
I guess he is I guess is but she's just
not having it
Angie scored a girl Morgan's got the
ball foul foul no I he's not allowed to
touch penalty whatever that is kisses a
hard ball Steve didn't say oh okay oh
look at those titties and she kicked
there and I'm Kira and pokhara tackling
I'm not really sure what pogos role here
is but he looks really great in that
dress it's poker wearing his
girlfriend's outfits for a week
challenge maybe he is war ad Morgan
missed like usual he's probably doing
another penalty kick saying whatever
it's cool because Kara probably broken
off a rule and pogos off go and whoa yes
cure safety oh I just been inappropriate
anywhere Jesus Christ overhand yes again
and she's kicking it and she she's good
oh my god Kara put them away
Jesus no one wants to see that Papa had
the ball out did he just score home go
we'll say he did it won't Akira was
teasing the enemy and what was that kick
go and kisses Morgan's
on the dog Kara stopped it it went over
the edge it's up the wall and Kara looks
very sad and disappointed but not
surprised in the slightest
Morgan what is that haircut looks really
funny from this angle look look at him
pretending he's scoring goals when he's
not oh is this boys allowed doesn't even
count
oh my god that's why I'm stopping this
then these Christ
what if your mother who was filming this
somebody see euthanize that boy okay
later
I can't do it anymore we are one up in
and I have spent the duration of this
day it's 5:30 p.m.
I've spent it pretty much naked because
I don't have to wear clothes if I'm
naked because boys are naked too it is
currently what's the temperature where I
am it's about 27 degrees outside and for
England that is unbearable heat because
it's not even like nice heat it's like
you're being slow roasted in the oven
like it an actual potato when I get hot
I just get kind of angry I was laying
down and my blood was starting to boil I
couldn't handle it anymore so I stood up
in the middle of the room stripped out
completely naked and ran into the shower
plant it on the coldest setting it would
go and just stood there and peed a
little bit I can't do this anymore
I'm giving you up but do we give up in
this house yes we do but do we today yes
we do but do I need to upload a video so
I can get a few thinking so hmm I also
need to do that so next outfit I guess
now we're going out which means I will
be wearing that outfit in public for the
first time i'ma go I'm gonna look for a
nice chill outfit to wear to just chill
and I guess one utility later
hey Morgan can I wear these why yeah and
what's mine yours
we're in love right right right you love
me right
oh don't mind me I'm just it is so
unbelievably hot I don't know how to
regulate my own temperature I am like a
dog I swear to god I'm very short even
the dogs can regulate their own
temperature better than me I don't even
want to pant effectively but anyway
since is really hot I'd usually wear
something kind of like skimpy and I'm
very conservative
something that wear to church anyway so
I have boy pants on and because you know
since hashtag free the Nathan isn't
quite a senior I've had to concern
myself with my very own man chest more
than can't grow this much hair he's
probably jealous
I accidentally didn't draw quite
proportionally not everyone's perfect
yes we're just fighting unrealistic body
expectations today we're calling down
again lay down on the so-called floor
because uh otherwise I think I'm gonna
get heatstroke
self-inflicted heatstroke and die I mean
you could subscribe but honestly what's
the point
he all right what is he okay yeah I was
just I was just helping him out okay
yeah I'm gonna go on yeah you're right
later
hey Morgan leaving my chest looks at
your chest
get up count my house wait I forgot you
can't go Chester it just didn't work is
love that it's justice no not the next
day good morning guys
rise and shine it's freaky em you know I
just got out of there I have a freak new
water I'm wearing my panties mommy do
you think I should change them no they
might get a little bit okay Farrah Terry
no we're about to take a spontaneous
trip in the cloud to Starbucks which
means Morgan I have to wear some of your
clothes from back can I always pick you
up go for it
there has to be something kind of casual
and comfy and casual and comfy I can
think of something that's very casual
14th of July guys gay
14th of July and and choose new bottom
half them I love them all over vape I
like them okay I'm coming I'm coming
yeah yeah you said I wasn't you
they forgot shooters you all right yeah
they asked me how are you just say that
you're fine you're not really fine but
you just can't get into it because they
would never understand gonna go in to
get drink and I feel like I look a bit
stupid where's the hoodie
I may have left it okay we're gone it's
not the video someone please tell me why
Morgan Hudson YouTube with almost four
million subscribers decided to film a
YouTube video vertically what's wrong
with him well then boys girls and other
that is where I am leaving you honestly
I don't really know what you expected
did you expect it to be good because of
words your standards a way way way too
high for me feel free to leave a like
subscribe and comment on this video
telling me how much you hate me and how
much fun abomination I am I don't really
know my channel maybe I should I'm
getting kind of existential now
I'm panicking
ok bye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
