yeah why'd you make it I think the real
question is is Kara are you not naked
so earlier I was just sitting in the
bath in burfi position I made it weird
I was just sitting in the bath you know
I'm thinking about life I got out of the
bath I took a look in the mirror meaning
a long hot stare all of my insecurities
and I realized wow I'm kind of ugly
honestly without probably like a hundred
thousand pounds worth of plastic surgery
there's not really much I can do about
it most girls are equipped with this
skill set which is the ability to put
makeup on their face completely
transform themselves look like a
complete other human being push everyone
actually just look quite nice however I
do not obtain that set of skills Jesus
in the sky did not bless knew of that I
was left with this face no matter what I
do to it it doesn't seem to change no
matter how much makeup I wear and how
much makeup I don't wear I feel like I
just kind of look the same so you know
what can't really get worse and really
make it worse than it already is
we're gonna put that theory to the test
today kids I'm gonna do a full face of
makeup underwater keep watching or don't
wanna see don't just keep the video
playing in the background we don't
actually have to pay attention
okay so I have crafted some kind of
makeup station on the edge of the bar
which looks way more professional than I
usually put together in my everyday life
but yeah I guess I'm just gonna get in
the bath and put makeup on my face it
sounds like you know I did pretty well
in the past but I think honestly this
might take the capes up is that the
thing I take the cake as you can see
yeah I guess I'm just air above you know
doing my thing doing what people do
embossed which is just sitting water
in their own filth apart from this time
I'm gonna make even more filth in the
buff by putting things on my face oh
yeah how do you start this I don't know
but what then that as you can see I have
a station full of makeup full of lots
and lots of makeup all of these their
faces I skip you know 99.9% of the steps
that most people do when doing their
makeup but I'm giving going in today I
don't do all of the steps and trying to
do a professional makeup job I asked you
guys to give me some adventurous
difficult looking makeup loops to do
that wasn't just James transporting me
to be a planet and I've chosen this one
I mean it's way out of my teens but the
other driving replicates on my face
which you know I probably couldn't even
do dry I probably couldn't even do if
someone else was doing it to me let's go
let's get started a young female in
question has some kind of like red
finger on our eyes and loss of
foundational I guess I'm gonna start
with primer which you don't want to
taste a basis I don't really use because
I get the point of it I feel like hating
something because I don't understand it
is the most care of thing ever long this
one is a very fancy one with little gold
flecks and I'm not really sure why I
spend so much money on it but it was
kind of expensive I just got back from
LA so I only have like nice expensive
makeup with me right now so yeah my
doctor count loves me
this is yummy
I don't like Italy is you know what I
probably should have mentioned this
earlier on in the video if I have this
like a rational fear of getting water in
my eyes or ears I just really hate it I
don't really know why I think it's like
the pressure I don't know why I chose to
do this video you tell me that this is
just doesn't make any sense I mean I
guess I kind of did like a like climbing
whatever entails next up foundation
this is the Giorgio Armani Dumas so
plantation again very expensive product
then I feel like wasting in the bath but
do I have any other options no so let's
go
it's just down within my new stand-up
clean up oh my got me hungry I don't
even know what's happening thank you
what do you do just that time actually
this isn't even my spare time this is my
job that's ten times more subs hello oh
my god oh the pressure is it so painful
I hate this I hate this hey every second
of this that wasn't terrible I mean it's
bad terrible next up we have concealer
so I guess I'll just draw like nice
coordination oh oh wow this know if
that's true book this is that wasn't the
right technology it definitely met blend
oh oh God haha that's what she said time
for these games Cara stop it I hate this
so much this is just okay
arrey will have such a good makeup what
kind of waterproof stuff they sell them
under the sea in Disney films so they
should really start stocking that in
fourth grade um so next up is the bed
I'm probably the least excited for that
is translucent powder
I have a theory for this that could make
it maybe go slightly better so maybe
this extremely over Duncan beauty powder
in Tim do this and then while I'm
letting it bake and sir I just dip my
head on the water I ought to make
contour or I'm gonna have to be on top
of the palaces this is so gross I feel
like you've known this damage never done
this much exercise while I'm under there
I'm gonna blend in some nice what is
this sound I keep making and this one
apparently I I don't even know what to
say about it anymore because no one
cares about seeing this happen because
everyone knows right off about what the
results of this is gonna be bad all
they've got is feeling drowsy I don't
like you every is amazing advice and we
goes Oh me so I guess while I am laying
here this is a kind of survive ditional
really kind of I guess I'm just gonna
like try wipe off my face
that's good white powder way so it
doesn't look suspicious if you don't
mind me oh good
it's like lumps of milk it's just
congealed under my eyes six like breast
milk it looks like looks like stuff it
probably shouldn't look call ton of
light on pretty yeah creative and become
for them
what look you going for that spill cream
ice cream down my eyes why would
everything cream it like whipped cream I
was going to maybe like buttered bread
oh yeah oh yeah me too
maternity or well I think I'll they're
boys now - man this is pretty good I
mean I feel like this is just about as
good as I could do it out of water which
isn't honestly that good anyway so you
know so I should watch your end that
this drug what's the point of letting
you try I'm just gonna go straight back
on the worst of me oh my exciting power
so the female being questioned a lot
right around PI's so I'm gonna pick a
nice and red shade I don't really have a
red I mean that's good for toys shout
what I'm gonna do because you lip
solutely gonna be a fool it's gonna be
bad I believe all I'm trying
oh no one like equals one prior to the
boss this is so messed up this is so I
thought this isn't even fixable that's
my gold on her eyes maybe I can redeem
it of the gold I feel like Glazer can
save anything I guess glitter can't
leave everything eyes and my eyes
burning mmm this is the worst thing of
evidence now the golden question has
very sharp intense Bibles
which is something I but we're gonna
give it a go okay well this is kind of
difficult maybe because they just
stopped over this I'm gonna just freaked
out walk to my ear and it would have
come out just like a tadpole like I've
just been hatched from wife form yet and
I'm just slightly larger and faster than
the rest of the tadpoles and I'm just
gonna squirming around in the pond
trying to find my way when I get eaten
by a dog this is really hard and my skin
is just totally soaked it's just not fun
I knew it was gonna be bad but this
mascara wait maybe we all save them
what's to us this is gonna be
interesting
I guess it doesn't work this is a four
tube this is like a new fall to you this
is the worst year ever love is the worst
thing I've ever done I'm lost I'm
definitely definitely least we have
mascara I'll just do a little dip in
water that's not healthy I really
shouldn't put this on my eyes or what go
underwater but I actually I can't put
mascara on with my eyes shut
oh it's actually dripping into my eyes
and burning and you know what's a quiet
I have a waterproof mascara is it yeah I
did was it 25 it was but I don't know I
think it was pretty like the original
this is so close I've done a lot of
questionable things that this is
probably one of the most disgusting
things that look what even is that and
how did it get there the wall doesn't
even go on that I don't get it right
guys that
and to beauty with care make sure you
get your notepad you write down all the
tips I gave you today after mine really
go because I need to pee and on the same
what we just gonna do it in the box
because I've ruined it already I really
don't think I could get down here at
this point for a germaphobe I want to go
down the drain
I feel so disgusting I want to have the
hot water up the hallway and for the
mouth bite free layers of my skin off
until I feel clean again this is not
okay I do not recommend to a friend I do
not recommend that anyone tries this
ever and obviously I don't really think
you need my recommendations because I
don't think that you're that stupid I
hope you had a great day please
subscribe to my channel because I'm
probably gonna lose subscribers from
this I'm not mentally stable okay don't
judge me okay bye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
pset
