hi also as you can maybe tell although
you probably can't because this is
literally just a plain background behind
me I am in the home of the brave' in the
land of the free right now Oh take a
goose I'm going home in two days and so
far it's been interesting to say the
least so I went to this convention you
may have heard that a knock on it was an
absolute disaster and in afternoon's
waters wet
I felt like it was a very important
thing to do to sit down talk to you and
probably formally apologize for what's
happened this week talk to you about my
personal experience and what I fix
happening because I feel like you guys
in the dark about so much and I don't
know I can give you some more like
insight from the experience of someone
who was there like feature creator that
makes me feel kind of special even
though I got shut off for one bit I
don't even know why I'd have to disclaim
this this isn't anything directed
towards talent in absolute silence I
would never play her like that after
everything she's done for me it's more
of like an apology to you guys and an
explanation to you guys because I feel
like I've let all of you down and that
makes me sad believe it or not I am
human with emotions even though I don't
like to admit it and I don't want small
children spending their money to come
see me and then just not me me me okay
so about four days ago I decided I'll
hop into a plane to LAX with a dream and
my jacket that was the worst thing I've
ever said I started to vlog the whole
like experience and everything because
things went very downhill very very very
fast the second we got to like the
convention so I stopped because I
realized right away there is nothing
really to vogue at this point I have
some exclusive behind-the-scenes footage
just watch it
we look like the intro of the Disney
original movie but Ellie I'm goodies not
really embarrassing it
welcome to the wrong that was pretty bad
so we're in an airport for a reason I
will get into very shortly but we've
decided to take a game I have to oh no I
have to find something reminds me of you
in GB free you have sponsored and I'm
like me and whoever is the most correct
went walk you ever loses as the first
round ejector range what's a drink I've
already found my thing that reminds me
of you can I show you the thing I found
that reminds me of you take that and
everything in a I thought this ornament
this giant statue reminded me of you
would you find all right ginger - Tecna
you know I should probably explain
wondering it's currently 8 a.m. I'm in
here for Apple in England
I am waiting every location needs to fly
to Los Angeles I want to die I have been
awake since stop giggling I have been
awake since
four pm two days ago I've been awake for
40 outward is my longest streak yet look
at this I have this irrational fear of
planes I don't really know what I'm
scared of I just don't like I'm so ready
to get lit up in that plane but not get
lit go to sleep and you know what and
also really angry about I'm gonna sleep
through premium seats I paid so much
extra to get ec it's like was so much
more money I know I'm just gonna say I'm
I ought to sleep on the floor
I don't know jokes are like
some will achieve that dream someone
okay me though this is a lake looks like
a penis so let's pick up where I left
off shall I I have been kind of up and
down whether I should speak about this
or not because I didn't want it to seem
like I was saying anything bad about
anyone but it's kind of hard to say I
want to say without saying anything bad
about anyone because I feel like some
people have done some bad things not
like people but more like company
organization try not to get sued I don't
know can a company who let 20,000 kids
stand in sweltering heat for six hours
really in any position to sue me this
was my first ever convention in the US I
was so excited just to practice it I had
never been to a convention here before
I've wanted to go to VidCon every single
year since like it started because I've
actually watched YouTube since its
little prime early dinosaur dead ever
since I was a little kid and VidCon was
like wow I really would go that looks so
much fun but because I kind of believed
in the message that Tana was kind of
like putting forward that like VidCon
wasn't really prioritizing up-and-coming
people over people who aren't really a
security risk which and made a security
risk because then that up and coming
people get swarmed a bit Korn and it's
just an endless cycle I thought you know
what I'm afraid that I'm a good Tanika
on she's done a lot for me I'm gonna
travel to the other side of the world
and return the favor hopefully so I
decided not to get any big con tickets
because obviously they're not gonna make
me a feature great at least I got made
feature photonic on I booked my flights
which by the way I don't know if you've
ever traveled cross-continental E but
they were multiple of thousands
especially since I'm a child I brought
my friend with me but she just like goes
to school and stuff so I was like okay
I'll pay for you if you come with me and
it'll be so much fun it's like a
business trip for me you know I was like
I might make it back in this trip by the
cool videos that I can film in LA check
out what I'm saying but I ended up just
wasting three whole days and not really
getting much done so I I've spent
literally
disgusting and
of money to be here and I don't want to
talk about it so let's not talk about it
so I've only really been like youtuber
who like mattered I hate to like say
stuff like that because you know like he
matter whether you like 10 subs like 10
freakin billion someone who's like
recognized I guess by the wider
community I haven't I haven't been that
for very long I probably say like the
last six months is when I really started
to like you know it fighting my place in
this world kind of not really really
everyone hates me prior to that I would
understand your own frustration because
I know what it's like so much to
experience stuff from the perspective of
a fan and I also know what it's like to
spend so much money and time going
somewhere with really high expectations
to be let down so don't think that I am
coming at you making excuses for making
a higher-up perspective when I feel like
I can relate your various situation
won't anything you know I've been to my
fair share of conventions concerts
waiting in line for stuff and when
things go wrong I get it but also
genuinely just even though I don't like
really speak about it much it kind of
makes me feel uncomfortable I feel like
I care more than the average person
because I'm just weird I don't really
like to admit it but the fact is so many
of you guys literally came to the
convention with the hopes of meeting me
because I literally live on the other
side of the world and this was like the
only chance you guys are gonna get for
the foreseeable future to meet me and
then it ended up you couldn't that makes
me really really sad because I can't
only imagine if it was like me in that
position I don't think I'm worth
traveling and spending money to come and
meet but you guys can see some reason I
I really appreciate that keeps me said I
don't know so that's like my perspective
on it I'm just as disappointed as you
guys said it went quality you know
thankfully I wasn't standing out in the
Sun for hours and hours I'll get onto
that in a second actually I did have
fluids to drink and hydrate myself in
fact there was able to like out of the
situation took a trip to VidCon which
was actually enough fun yeah I'm a
gallon to that okay so let's start from
the beginning I don't know if anyone
who's actually featured has made like a
video documenting the experience yet but
I just want to talk to you about what
happened and why most people who were
featured probably including Tanner
didn't
we realized that there was a problem
with the event until quite a while the
event started we all know tout the hotel
window and we saw this like massive line
outside I think we all just assumed it
was just idiot holders and take it
people you know I mean I just want to
confirm that I don't think that everyone
that showed up for people that didn't
have tickets I'm just saying like that's
what we was thinking at the time I don't
know that was a bad choice of wording
sorry whoops I remember being like so
excited was so freaked out like worse
than sorry people is gonna get really
insane it didn't really start building
up until later on and obviously when
you're backstage you don't really have a
window to look at to see how the crowd
doing you know I happily like admit it
was untimely it didn't run smoothly or
on time I was supposed to be on your
panel 10:00 a.m. it didn't start - like
45 minutes later which you know I'm not
gonna complain the panel was still good
I met really cool like musically stars
they were on the panel and they were so
unbelievably nice it may be four window
people at my no complaints about that I
hosted the panel there was a very very
small crowd in the audience and I
thought okay the first panel of the day
maybe people aren't in yet and that was
the exact problem people weren't moving
through the line fast enough actually
get into the conventions to see the
things they plan to see some people who
want it to be at the musically panel to
see their favorite musically people will
probably still in the line outside
trying to get in so that's why I think a
lot of meet-and-greet didn't happen the
panel didn't happen because purely
because the people that were supposed to
be watching them the people that were
supposed to be attending them were
outside but again we didn't know this
from the inside we weren't checking our
phones all that much we were like you
going through Twitter a lot we which
they really focus on making sure
everything was like running to plan but
I I was like I know I know I only speak
for myself I already had one panel to
host and after that I was just walking
around the event having fun just because
I was a featured creator doesn't mean I
know anything about the actual
organizational part of the event that
you guys don't know I can only tell you
what my experience that I was like not
anything like behind the scenes like you
know I I don't know anything I don't
think anyone does know anything right
now but it's only until a few hours in
when that like wedding was happening
seems really slightly galv had I was
getting like texts from people saying a
youit's Hanna gone you see what's
happening like no it looks fine it looks
fun and then I looked on the hashtag
panic on on Twitter oh my god it was
insane so then I've been trying to meet
a deal and for ages and she rolled up to
town of Concord she wanted to see what
it was all about and like look at it and
stuff and she was like on the guest list
and she could have one of these the last
thing is I have so many of these and so
I went to go and grab her and when I
went outside when I tell me that this
convention wasn't a convention it was a
hallway with a stage I mean that and I
was like wait where are all the meeting
rooms where are all like the food things
where are the I don't know there was
like a merch store hallway and a room of
a stage in it with probably a 500
capacity that's what I really realized
wow this is bad anyway I went and
collected Adly from the lobby and I took
her backstage to go and collect her pass
so that she could enter the event and
take a look around even though by that
point she had already seen everything
now was you get there anything hey so
she needs to pick up her pass to come in
and even though she was like registered
they said we can't give her her talent
pass because it's - for like it was too
full for even more talent like that's
how foolish event was and it's not even
like it was like your whole relevancy
thing you know she's got like 4 million
subscribers she has more subscribers and
Tanner and she still couldn't get into
this event so I was like to her because
you know we hadn't ever met and I really
wanted to speak to her and so I was like
okay this go out 20 minutes whatever
grab some food yeah just get out of here
because it's messy I have nothing else
to do at this point and I was feeling
kind of overwhelmed and I don't know I
feel like I definitely have anxiety look
at my acrylic nails okay these are like
super glued by a professional nail
technician do my fingers and somehow
I've managed to literally chew them off
that's virtually impossible that's how
nervous I was this whole time I'm
claustrophobic hella there's also people
around me it freaks me out I think we
have to get out of their behalf she
outfits make me feel so uncomfortable we
got out and as we got out it was so hot
and I I don't know if I'm just like
exaggerating because you know I'm from
England it rains all the time but it's
it was hot I stepped outside and I was
sweating in like a few seconds that's
when I realized
how crazy it was as we were walking away
we were kind of walking next to the line
where everyone was lining up to get
inside the one single line for VIP
general admission that's when I managed
to meet quite a few of you guys in that
line thankfully so that you wasn't too
disappointed if you can again even
though I don't really think you know
meeting me really kind of salvages how
horrific your experience in that line
must have been but I took some pictures
with you and I spoke to a couple of you
personally it was like how long I've
been waiting here for I spoke to one
girl and she said she'd been standing
there for two hours already and it was
literally like the back of the line it
wasn't moving people weren't entering
what you know I think in what Shane
Dawson just said on his live stream
which it was kind of what motivated me
to make this video was that you know
5,000 tickets were sold the venue has a
capacity of like one to two thousand so
even if the additional 15,000 or so
people didn't show up people were still
going to be disappointed because how
were those extra four 3,000 people going
to get in regardless you know it still
would have been absolutely horrific just
not to the extent that it was and I
don't think this was a Tanner thing
I don't think that she had much to do
with how bad the it went but you know it
definitely there's some kind of
conspiracy with this I've been like
trying to research it as much as
possible so that I understand but I mean
obviously and one single YouTube it
doesn't know how to run a convention
themselves they get help they welcome
companies so there's obviously this
company it she worked with and I think
for whatever reason this company either
screwed her over screwed you guys over
it just seems like a little bit and the
conspiracy / scam and a lot of you guys
have asked me if I like Phil guilty for
promoting it like you've asked like a
company of other youtubers they feel
guilty for promoting it and the answer
is yes like my influence in the u.s. is
extraordinarily smaller than it is in
the UK if I if I tweet it to everyone
hey come to this event I'm gonna be
there in the UK
I'd expect like probably like few
hundred to a thousand of you guys to
show up to something that I wanted you
to come to but here I literally have no
clue or gauge of how many people were
influenced by me in the u.s. to buy
tickets if you were one of the people
who saw me promoting me and thought wow
healthcare I'm gonna buy tickets I'm
really really sorry you were
disappointed because I'm only 17 I was
in your position I was literally a ton
of fangirl
that's why I'm here today I was
virtually in your position like a year
and a half ago and I know what it's like
to be disappointed by an experience like
this I know what it's like to not have
tons of money just to be splashing on
traveling and you know I understand like
how hard it must be to like I'll give
your parents so please drive you to this
event because that's all stuff that I
had to do I get an argument with my mom
so she'd give me money so I could go to
concerts all the time and I'd get an
argument with her so that she would you
know
cancel what she's doing even that's kind
of selfish but I guess it's just how
kids are to cancel what she's doing to
drive me to something all the time and
you guys have gone through so much
trouble literally just to be
disappointed I hope that I hope that you
haven't lost too much because of this I
hope that you get a refund if your
tickets and reimbursed for your travel
expenses however that's gonna happen and
if you were disappointed that you didn't
get to meet me I'm gonna make it up you
somehow I am doing a Bridgette spinner
Gucci ripoff nice job I'm gonna try my
very hard
to get you guys some of that so you can
have like something from me and I like
trend sign or whatever even though it
doesn't make up for not like meeting me
you know it's something to tie you over
until I come back
I wanted to do like you meet up in
Anaheim / LA to meet you guys but I
really just don't have enough time in LA
and I'd really put like my channel aside
to attend this convention I hadn't
really been filming videos even though I
plan to film so many this channel was
what got me out here right now
look at these palm trees they look like
fun boatman I had to grind for this view
so right now I'm just focusing on making
some videos you guys to enjoy via the
internet I also wouldn't know where to
start with doing a meet-up in LA I don't
know the area I literally I don't even
know where to go when I step outside of
my hotel I just over everywhere also
America kind of scares me you know like
guns and I feel like if I was ever
something out here I definitely want
hella security that's why I didn't want
to throw something together last minute
be like meet me in this location because
you know I didn't want to cause any kind
of safety hazard to you guys want me to
be honest you know I family in my life I
don't want to die Adam tonight for
orange wish for all of you asking like
what's your opinion on tannic on I think
the event went absolutely horrific Lee
the actual inside like main show and
stuff I thought was so much fun and I
really enjoyed it
you thought it was good too right yeah
yeah obviously it was only good for
people who could get in and I'm not
gonna sit here and talk about how much
food great time I had inside when
literally thousands of you were standing
outside unable to get in this isn't
shade or sought towards Tanner I don't I
really honestly I don't believe she had
bad intentions going into this in the
slightest I think she just wanted to
have a cool event I've really cool
up-and-coming youtubers at VidCon don't
want to be there but something went
wrong along the way I don't really think
anyone knows what that is
yeah i'ma end it with I hope she does
something like this again by hope
obviously research is done as to what
company is being used to help organize
it and I think you can't just throw
together a convention in two months I
think we was all way too optimistic
about that and we all had so much faith
in her because she's done a lot of like
really good things and pull together a
lot of really good things before this
just wasn't one of them it would be
really cool for something to happen
like that again with the same kind of I
not feature creative things all of the
things that were like promised actually
happened because the the foundation is
really great but the execution was just
it was almost like a beheading that
happened but it only got like half way
through then they're kind of persons
like so if you came to town con to meet
me thank you so much and if you didn't
meet me I'm very very very sorry and I'm
gonna do my best to make it up to you
whether it's I come back here and I do
some kind of meet up or they send you
something or I don't know talk to you
guys I don't know I think about it I'm
just a small girl living my life I'm
literally just a child and women are all
yes so as that I hope you're having a
good time wherever you are though
hopefully it's somewhere organized my
lesson organized what am I talking about
have a great day goodbye subscribe to
Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
