hi my name is Kara I'm 17 years old
and I dropped out of school to be a
youtuber I feel like most youtubers
won't directly admit that that is the
reason they dropped out of school but
that is the reason I dropped out of
school which honestly is super weird to
me because I was so like school drew
from my whole life and I was like yeah
I'm gonna do my homework maybe I do I'm
like you're a loser
even though I never really did my
homework but somehow I made it through
until I dropped out let me put my
porridge down and explain to you why I
am telling you this today
I'm sorry this is like the 69 video in a
row I'm filming over dressing-down gone
I don't know I've kind of got bored of
cloves recently I stopped even wearing
underwear most days I thought you know
what why bother getting myself dressed
up - the one thing that should accept me
for who I am
this video is essentially about doing
what you want not making things or doing
things being a certain way to make other
people happy but just because you want
to do it that is the moral of this video
and that is the first time one of my
videos has ever had a moral and this is
what I wanted to do today so you know
what I did there I thought school is the
only way that is just what I've been
imprinted my head my whole life and I
was like that's that's it I'm gonna die
here even though everyone hates me and
I'm not really that good at having
YouTube as my escape my hobby and led me
to do a few things that led schools not
happy about eg what happens when you
sneak a dog into school and what happens
when you vlog a day at school and then
you get snitched by year sevens and then
get called in to about every higher up
teacher's office to talk about if when
okay and then they made me take it down
and that made me really sad because that
video did ridiculously well for me at
the time and I was like wow this is
gonna blow up and then they made me do
it so thanks but it was still kind of
like school driven but it got to the
point where it's like GCSE period I
didn't upload I got my results back and
I was like okay I'm so excited that all
of my a stars yeah I'm getting go to
Harvard what city is Harvard in um I
kind of forgot turns out I didn't do
that good so around October of 2017 I
was like you know what screw it I
do a levels on YouTube at the same time
clearly I'm not that good at school no
one likes me there yuju viable career
choice don't actually really have to
ever socialize with anyone oh I didn't
come into school one day and then I also
didn't come into school every single day
after that ever and now I'm here hi
because of that essentially I banned
myself from prom I don't really know if
my school is even doing a prom but
that's why we're here today
because I'm going to be growing myself a
prom in this house it isn't mine in the
middle of the night right you guys
probably don't care I'm probably gonna
get broken up with flew around
destroying this new house with pond
decorations I'm probably not going to
clean up is what I wanted to do and you
know what life's all about doing what
you want to do the amalrik pave your own
path ha ha ha ha yeah so this is gonna
go horribly wrong prepare for my dad ok
feel a bit
your guys are so pretentious
hi if you I didn't know I'm in a
relationship with essentially Jake
Porter in his house he has a murderer
you don't quite possibly one of the most
embarrassing things ever oh my god hold
on
anyway since he has our merch room in
his house it means he has a lovely
assortment of mannequins stop it
get some help an eyeful I could use thee
to DIY myself a prom dress
hmm so I purchased an assortment of
fabric not sure how I'm gonna get much
done with that and some fabric glue and
that's literally and craft myself a prom
dress while I do that so I have this
really pretty red thing there's miles of
fish why does everything in order from
Amazon smell fish okay that's a lot
smaller than I thought it was gonna be I
feel dirty just had a fool what if this
guy isn't the same size as me well I
guess we're right yeah but no he's
definitely not the same sizes and I get
naked on camera are you sure I guess
make on you
maybe Dex later okay so we finally got
started I decided to take my bra off
which I don't really need anyway because
I mean like and put it on the mannequin
more like romantic in uh-huh now I think
I'm probably just going to attach the
fabric to my bar and have this just as
like his start point because otherwise I
don't know what the Frick I'm doing I
have no fabric to work with wait we have
a lot of white so having white trimming
oh it's the type of glue that smells
like fish oh I left this behind when I
left school guess not oh no I really
want to scream but it's like midnight so
I calm and sterile just find some kind
of like bridge to propel my body off of
Oh No what can I say I think it looks
pretty cute honestly I'm kind of
embarrassed to admit this was the best I
could do I guess I'll take you on a tour
of it so this is my bra and this is a
mess it kind of looks like you're just a
giant tampon now here's the thing if I
did turn up into a school prom and this
tampon looking thing I'm a hundred
percent certain I would probably get
sent home anyway and yep there it goes
hey boys
welcome to prom hey just can call it
inappropriate call it what you
look at that jiggle what no I'm not
wearing my underwear oh good thing I
left my options open and I bought backup
dress by probably you know maybe should
be considered trying that on before I
did why am I taking my bra off while I'm
filming now I'm not saying it's okay I'm
sorry there's been so many interjections
in this video so far but this is
actually the what no Jesus care is shave
your armpits you absolute Gruffalo last
flap video I've ever done in my whole
life as you can probably tell and I just
thought I'd have to point out something
around that episode and I Kali the
teacher of the pointy boobs I found my
final form and I have no clue what this
is but it's a much more viable option
than the previous one do I just kind of
like wrap it around again this was ten
pounds from Amazon so you know I don't
really know what I was expecting but
much better than that monstrosity I
created all do I never got to go to the
really bust out snow and create some
havoc for attention let me take you to
my decorations so here we have a kind of
helium and honestly only late and some
giant and pretty religious balloons and
we have some paper plates for the tables
they make power boom and banging which
of three things that I'm definitely not
going to be doing after tonight yeah
hopefully after the movie says yes to go
to prom with me I'm gonna give him these
hours and making him give them to me no
one's ever done that for me before
floral bunting with twenty five six
meters and then I got some crystals no
not the drug kind that the the
decorating kind yeah so it's fun Oh
this looks fun that yeah fun yeah then I
got some lights I don't have batteries
for and then all this is my favorite
bear and inflatable penis I can't wait
to see what this one looks like oh oh
we're going to be here in a minute and
it can float to the skies by everyone oh
my god I did it because you know I don't
have many friends though I've got some
outfits in from didn't they oh look look
a little tight you're gonna wear are you
excited about that are you
oh that's so cute on you
but too glad because you have to wear a
dress and finally we've got the loot
Lana no no just you bid again I'm doing
this for science and it's just time it's
just kind of what I wanted to do you
know yeah a hideous hurt get ready for
the demoralization 5 look hard news and
buy that penis it's almost like I've
never seen one before
oh wait um I think that's a bit too big
no I'd say that I think I messed up kind
of looks like a bowling Tina
maybe something put her into that but I
don't know I think whoever this belongs
he really needs to go and get checked
out you know it seems like a little
crews been happening here and it's not
so much down here before prom night
after prom night Ian Vania before
surgery if you maybe are after surgery
it's all McCall Peter
yeah you like it you finally trust it oh
I'm just stop it stop it
this adds a lot of value so the room is
essentially decorated I'll show you more
of that later however one thing quite
possibly the most important part of
parameter having someone to go with so I
had to find an inventive way to ask my
boyfriend to go to prom with me which I
kind of destroyed his house to hold and
so I decided to get a giant sheet right
something highly inappropriate on it and
hang it from the roof of his house yes
so there's that I'm kind of nervous
hey Morgan okay you know how it's like
2:00 a.m. 2:45 ma'am oh really
yeah you told me that I'm not allowed to
make any kind of mess in your house well
I tried to tell you but you don't seem
to listen to me yeah well um I made some
mess but it's a good mess you'll like it
you'll like it you'll like it's for you
it's for you and the good thing is we'll
both be in it so we can clean up
together no how about you come and do
that come on let's go okay Morgan you
know how I never went to prom because I
kind of like kicked myself out of school
yeah oh you need that's great that's
what this is honestly great yeah meet
you um so did you want to go we were
both kind of losses in school so we
probably wouldn't you know family want
to go of anyway but the girls are not
for me yeah but I just did my job
yeah yeah no no same same thing yeah I
had another boyfriend I had a boy he
just went to another school you ready
so let's go stare are you saying that
we're gonna be going to prom somewhere
yeah we are did you don't wonder what I
was you know wearing this I just thought
it was a dressing gown sometimes Morgan
will just give me this to look and it's
like why do you exist I guess it is
laughs the whole ten thousand yeah what
the hell these haven't been washed okay
and then they have so they've been
washed
yeah there's no like my book no I think
that's with you I think you just smell
like your book
no just for extra protection wow this
one's really bright today I can't see
anything
yeah and we're gonna stay inside from
them okay hold on to my shoulders oh my
head okay
oh nice more comeback
Jesus tell me any of this okay Jake Paul
calm down no it's fine just dump
it's just down but just come on up you
pussy down this way no this way stand
like that okay for a minute and hold the
camera
are you ready no turn around and maybe
take off spit see anything the hijackers
are roses are red your social blade is
green prom ride very Grecian so when do
we go now okay I mean I'm waiting the
merge so oh yeah that's you have a bit
haven't told you yet what I kind of set
up the whole forum inside your house
wait so that's what that helium tank is
yes no it wasn't just inhaling it for
fun Morgan welcome to prom
well I dropped out of school I was like
down I'm really gonna miss out their
problem you know one of the most
exciting times of a young boy I'm female
live and you know I appreciate what
you've done okay
I no longer feel like I've missed out
see what Paul could could beat this
we've got an inflatable piece of
genitalia mail uni monks uni-balls
we also have some great food you know
food which you wouldn't be able to be in
any other prom as in say pineapple
I missed even been prepared for special
occasion with a lovely plate I do what
you want to do that after the dying no
no so here we have a nice line of
crystals that don't really do anything
but they look kind of cool but they
don't really in their decoration do you
like them don't eat it did you actually
that no you didn't moving on we have a
pinata right here did you want to play
with it you get the tree oh yeah well I
was gonna put a regular potato in there
but I couldn't really work out how to
get it through the unicorn spot hole
because they didn't really give me much
you know moving space to get my handle
up in there so that's that's what we
came out with one of the most important
parts we have yes the tank is again
sauces no no okay he's passed out
already he had one too many Capri Suns
what can I say are you serious oh well
he's a boy it doesn't matter if you're a
boy if they wear a dress be pretty calm
yeah you don't you don't let anyone tell
you what you can't well if you want to
be a girl you could be a girl yes you
can we accept you poor girl we love you
for who you are anymore Citadel fluffer
no they won't assume your gender no they
will no we
we cherish you yes we do and Morgan now
we have our first dancers makeup I mean
as and this was the moment I knew I
wanted to die I mean if you're wondering
why there's no music that's because they
don't want to get the video copy rises
you know what school prom I'll just
stick to her making videos in my bedroom
oh it probably didn't go to as plan as I
would have liked it to go as to plan and
that's not always a good thing hope
you've enjoyed this video please leave a
like and subscribe you know I've
probably done the opposite of the things
that would make you want to do that yeah
oh what's that black box covering up
right here I'm gonna clean up this mess
now probably not I'll let someone else
do it okay goodbye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget I promise it's the last time I'm
going to interrupt your viewing
experience but I've literally just only
just realized that my outro Jesus guys
says my name completely wrong and I
could literally pay seven pounds to get
a new one
I figured it got a keeper I think it's
kind of iconic do you know I mean I
don't know I mean do you know I mean
someone tell me what I mean just keep
watching I can't get by this like 10
seconds of the video just war feel they
indicate fight or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
