you know what you guys regret the tile
I'm sure you know what this videos gonna
be we don't ever need care for this
video because it's all about me your
favorite annoying boyfriend why I should
probably just point out the elephant in
the room right now I'm not that far I've
been dieting recently my face by you
Morgan
in my usual videos I'm sure I'm like
jumping around and doing crazy things
I'm standing on the roof I'm wearing
clothes I'm pretending to be other
people who have better more active life
than myself but as you can probably hear
I sound like I smoke about 40 packs a
day I sound like him before you finally
kind of hit puberty even though it's all
just like reversed him I'm just like
mess him up since I can't do it to
myself if you haven't already go down
this I know if we can get 10,000 likes
I'm never appearing one of Kara's videos
that very good so we can alternate
between makeup sets and questions wow
this is like a makeup interview I don't
know what I'm doing I'm probably just as
still to see you
so I'm moisturizing your face could you
kind of like bumpy excuse me you refused
to moisturize your skin's just like well
yeah because I counted with sticky
I don't be coated with sticky them feel
like a reptile
you ever think how different your life
would be if you didn't start YouTube and
how different your lights would be if
you never made trouble I think if I'd if
I not found YouTube I would have died of
obesity nice yeah yeah because at
YouTube I'm leaving far link tightly
into each other like the main reason
want to lose weight was so getting more
comfortable on camera and I had no other
desire to do that really football or
anything honestly I think if you didn't
find YouTube you'd be in prison either
prison dad you know those documentaries
like living at home of 35 the sad truth
I've never seen a fan belt before I mean
at this school you'd follow been like a
science guy here's the thing though I
was always like totally stay in school
kids and wherever I like to saw people I
knew who YouTube is around me dropping
off in YouTube and I was at school I
used to say something like you're so
stupid you're gonna die I actually got
into lated position and I was like wait
I should probably like leave school and
now she's a millionaire kids Paulie
Gee's yeah next up there's your eyeballs
so we're just gonna start this enjoy it
do you mean this is different videos
pretty isn't it next question when was
your first kiss hold the boy just now
how do you stay together even though you
he lost our SS each other more than you
should I feel like if you asked any
other YouTube couple this question maybe
like no we just get on so much you know
he's my best friend she hurts me alone
pushing me off the bat but honestly say
you know once she punched you up me off
the bed and I fell through a tripod you
meant sin how can you fall through it
throw it through a tripod it's a tripod
a metal cried she pushed me off the bed
through the tripod with such force that
I actually went through the tripod until
like snapped boobs I'm going through a
steel tripod because she launched me off
the bat Nina you put me through this
lesson do we do we step through the
table through the flippin tripod one
time he picked me up outside in the ice
against my well may I ads and then
dropped me on my I was gonna pick you up
right we shouldn't trust me although ask
me it's one question I'm strong I've
been gym it out at that time I could
easily pick you up like a second but ya
know we have the most explosive horrific
arguments in the whole world we don't
even have like relationship arguments we
don't like argue like like over like
other boys other girls we just like
honest and love another boy cannot tell
you off my hands roll over exactly
I find it really ironic cuddle ask
questions about how we all of you so
much and we just had the biggest I don't
know about a make up you're still ugly
you're really annoying me take please
come up so when you really think about
it what is something Cara would wear you
know not being poor Islamic very you
know nude wholesome moved conservative
nothing revealing
you know some of the shows I have a lot
of self-worth dignity class too tight
fitting you know covers my shoulders
kind of covers my inner thighs yes
modest you know something very like just
go back from the nunnery so yeah so you
know based on that I've gotten this for
you to wear it's a piece of string it's
a t-shirt I can't wait I look so really
great so what do you think of your new
chests I think to truly become Kara it
needs to be more like ever she was just
insulting
okay so here's something you didn't
agree to is that a horse's tail yeah so
you know how there's also filled
surround Sheffield you know where you
live so one day I was just walking
around I came across a field and I saw a
horse in it and I thought you know what
that tail snaps that tail right off the
horse the horse is dead now but I've got
a great new wig for you we're okay wait
did you just say where I guess I know my
name is Michel meet Morgana now honestly
this doesn't resemble my hair at all and
you know it's much nicer than my dead
dried fuzzy electrocution hair I did
order little on Amazon for about 10
pounds so I'm I'm not really sure why I
was expecting and I wasn't really sure
what to search when I was like searching
for a wig that looked like my hair
because what even is this color like
mousy brown with a hint of green so it's
making it more realistic we're gonna as
the kids say
break this up are you ready Morgan let's
chop it girl just go for it yeah they
had a hairdressers so blue King Oliver
the more even it is more I'll probably
resemble your hair sure is not by even
your like
well don't they not your me and I think
my hair's up short so this happened do
you even really know like what to say
really going out right well I really
know what that was but I hope you liked
it for less beer oh you didn't he's not
male or female well he's just a mess a
mess I'm really sorry for the quality of
my voice and the quality of my
production today I'm gonna be back to
more high energy star wise I'm gonna be
back to more high-energy gear really
cool more I guess probably cringe stuff
in my next video I can't speak to me and
I'm just gonna go away no well subscribe
to Kiera Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
