please can you leave
Oh when the McDonald's drives our fungus
litleo
I'm pregnant I'm just kidding but I am
going on tour but you want to know why
this is so important it's because you
guys get to decide where I go I
literally no one else does that I'm not
allowed to go unless enough of you guys
vote real cities so I can meet you and
that is a walk pressure for me I hope
you read the normal show up so you have
to click that link there
- my dog starts - you're desperate and
vote for your city your boy matters and
I wanted to meet you because making you
buy in my bus everything to do it I just
get to chill when I forget half bretons
and call it a job I will come literally
anywhere in the whole world but for
maybe like North Korea because you know
no money yet you know this is how you do
it it's really you clinically you press
the box with the profil city you fill in
the really 20 easy form you click where
you live you press submit enough that I
would be like 8 second you can bow using
as many different email addresses as you
want to count or more both anti-society
the most interactive tour ever you are
guaranteed to meet me tickets won't be
hella expensive though we merge goodie
bag definitely
yes and you 100% get to beat me no you
have select one second deeper we can
like seriously have a conversation about
their life or no hobbies new pets and
everything it sounds like fun alright
even if you don't want to come and meet
me thank you guys so much for this like
incredible opportunity for the best job
in the whole entire world
twelve fifteen year old camera Burton
like really didn't think that how hobby
was going to turn into the best thing in
the whole wide world
alright two million friends across the
globe
I feel really loved which is something I
have never really thought before this is
literally all I need please 52 that I
came from to meet you I promise
the over does matter I'm going to come
to as many cities as I possibly can and
meet thousands of you buying 70s Rachel
Kneebone did not follow as many of you
as possible
peachy for all of my social medias
because that's where I will be
announcing where I'm going although it
makes you throw if I love you and thank
you so much Omega I'm going to cry
incident ok really need to stop
recording please enjoy my video thanks
for being my best friends
what what are you doing what are you
doing why are you in my bed my head my
diary hi
what's poochy guys if you couldn't tell
I'm acting like a complete freak
today I mean the worst knew I'm always
doing that but today I'm pretending that
all of a sudden my brain doesn't work
and I don't remember anything
I mean what's new I don't even remember
why did yesterday and that was only
yesterday so this is gonna be easy
usually you know I'm just living my life
making my way little videos I'm Morgan
is committing terrible torturous parents
on my innocent body so hopefully he's
not gonna suspect a thing today the
pranky has time Patterson so I'm gonna
unload it all sit down on the toilet
pretend to be pooping that makes me
uncomfortable and deflect for me like
that done okay I just got ready this is
it's going very interesting so far I
haven't seen him much today and I think
he's falling for it I guess you could
instead of Cara Bridget you can call me
Cara pranker that was really bad but I
need to formulate the rest of my plans
so I'm gonna call Jill and ask if she
can take me out and I
have a nice car Johnny and really think
about why I wanted you next hi Joe can
we go to Tesco's y'all ready okay let's
get it okay sounds good
I'll see you soon I'm just so excited
wait am i excited I don't know I think
I'm nervous not sure okay goodbye Oh Joe
hi Cara
oh thanks I think meat stuff goats okay
yeah I'm actually pretty scared of
Morgan today because he keeps trying to
hunt me down and he's a strange man and
I tried to help you
sorry what'd you say maybe we should
just go in to Tesco's yes guys have been
in Tesco's for like half an hour away
from Morgan I think I'm pretty safe you
know just having fun with the fruit
shoots in the cat food living my life
don't hurt me hi Cara I don't know you
what are you doing I'm waiting a new
tote around Cusco how did you even know
I was here
producer my girlfriend and excuse me
what a nice job might you be my
girlfriend in my phone I know where you
want you have phone tracker on cuz you
bought me too though honest I don't love
you I don't know you are oh dude this is
getting really creepy you know just
following me I provide I run away from
them again people are giving me really
weird looks and I feel a little bit
stupid and like a public nuisance but
it's what I have to do
Kyra I'm not hired here is you are Kara
I don't know what you're doing I don't
know what video you're filming why you
are even doing this but I want to stop
it I'm fed up of it and I'm gonna stop
it right now I don't care what I have to
do I don't care what it takes I am NOT
playing your games anymore Carol I don't
know Kyra it's both I don't know why
you're following me it's getting really
weird I don't know why you're hiding
from them pretending like you don't know
who I am and more
everybody knows more Oh Mike six point
three million subscribers you really
have lost your memory haven't you oh my
god bro
I'll literally do anything to make you
stop can we please just stop this stupid
game right now
anything yeah yeah maybe will help me
remember you if you find me a puppy
you know what challenge accepted
so Kara you're telling me you don't
remember Ryan or mom in the front yeah
no I'm Joe I'm a lion why wouldn't I
I understand but you don't remember me
how that makes no sense look strange man
I don't know who you are or why you're
questioning me in my car with my camera
but please can you leave so you know
McDonald's is yeah I not McDonald's is
here you go then look
do you wanna huh huh yeah I do it okay
well then tell me what my name is and
stop ignoring me or whatever the hell
you're doing this strange man I would
really like those chicken nuggets guys
I've no clue what he was doing Oh what
she's filming but this is getting a
little bit carried away now she stole my
nuggets and that for me is way too far I
need to get a bye guys I'm getting a
little bit creeped out the strange man
is still here drinking his juice and I'm
getting really creeped out by this I
don't know who he is and why he keeps
following me but it's making me very
very very uncomfortable and I don't know
what type of buzzing is you know I don't
feel safe bringing him into my home whoa
got back I don't know when walking one I
think he went into Jill's house
hey no strange man strange man get out
of the house get out of the house this
is my house my favorite with my money
that I have a lot oh listen I have a
surprise for you
what do you mean you're strangers I'll
avenge a surprise for you let me in to
this flippin house you must steal my
house what into my house you can steal
my money
let me put a blindfold on you and let me
give you a surprise
get my blindfold do you even have a
blindfold
you know what let's go Broadwell and
you're gonna get a surprise okay
oh honey you are don't touch me wait
wait you know I feel really my house
believe me okay well you know okay
told me that but you wanted to pay so
and tell me that you know I know you are
you're not taking satorious is musically
of you
Oh weird weather strange man at my house
screaming I honestly have no idea why
he's so upset this is kind of crazy guy
sir I mean I've been doing this like all
day now
you haven't really had any real
conversation and if we have it's just me
calling him strange man and I think the
real thing that's upsetting him deep
down into the chorus I'm saying this is
my house one you know he I don't have
enough money to buy a house so I'm gonna
go dig some more and step this up a
notch because it's funny when he screams
you're my dog with my dog my strange
man's back 7:59
a kind of analogy light for me you know
because I am never sleep I haven't seen
walk in anywhere I feel like maybe he's
got the head which to be honest it's a
really good thing because I don't know
what this video is gonna consist of if I
can't mess with him I am really really
tired though and I just kind of want to
go to bed I guess I guess we can't
continue this what why did you have my
price range man excuse me why hello Kara
you may not know this you may not
remember this but once upon a time I
know you okay stranger danger stranger
danger stranger danger and I told you
I'm not yeah I think you're so beautiful
sites I've been told what okay I have a
boyfriend he doesn't have to know about
this care I have a boyfriend
don't dumb any unbearable hours little
guys as you can tell by my stupid hair
get off my face it's the next morning
okay I've been thinking all night about
ways I can make care of crack there has
to be something which I can do to make
her stop this challenge and stop with
whatever the hell she's doing guys
as you can see she didn't come to bed
tonight I've just been cuddling up with
her bra like I really miss her and she
won't even speak to me like he's
actually not speaking to me and it's the
next day now and she's still not
speaking to me but I think I have an
idea involving something she won't be
able to resist and it's not my abs
because that didn't work let's go a
little longer than a few minutes later
hey hey listen jail shut the window just
shut it shut it gel gel come on come on
Joe she knows how to work it just learn
how to work the window
Cara she's evolving Cara as you know
I've given you loads of money how'd you
feel about going and spending it we
could tell you a little shopping spree
like that okay dope Jill take us to the
nearest shop Donald's nope no petrol
station no
Guto oh you can actually go to
www.irs.gov i me poppy
no I'm gonna thank you a mountain
warehouse go find me a mountain no one's
ever brought me around Oh Cara look at
that
it's a glisteny jumper look how it
sparkles in the light that's awesome
right yeah what girl wouldn't want to
wear that sparkly jumper cuz you are
yeah it's not clean and you are a little
star which is why you want this little
sparkly job stuff yeah well that's what
I'll buy it you thank you all you have
to do is say my name and stop with the
games and this cute little jumper can be
all yours come on Cara strange man oh my
god
you know what the jumper may not cut you
but this will the sparkly jumper may not
cracked you but this is next level try
on Cara come on come on the sparkly ha
yo honestly I think if you put a photo
of on Instagram it get a million likes
and all you have to do is say my name
and it can be yours you may not like the
sparkly top you may not like the sparkly
hat but you'll have no choice and to say
my name because if you do you will get
your very own pig
kitchen roll holder come on Cara come on
come on come on do it do it do it come
on
Morgan Morgan say it marks come on come
on come on okay fine
oh my god by sheer coincidence
yeah that is such a cute little girl boy
I love it
strange man do you maybe want to find me
a couple and then maybe I'll consider
saying your name
you know what I'll get you a Goble if
you say my name now fine
wait youyou can't buy me one anyway I
can I promise I can't you know you can't
buy one me Oh No oh okay it looks like
she's still not gonna tell me a name and
she's gonna buy a pet for my house this
isn't going well
kara that's not a mouse that's literally
just at the toy don't listen to him
it'll change man they still got the
flipping label on it Kara that's not
real and it's not even a mouse it's a
zebra don't listen to this strange man
mr. Mouse said bro well you know what
mr. Mouse zebra not speaking for me
yeah we've screwed it now strange man
you're officially strange mad to me
forever and you know what on top of that
and also a poophead strange man over
here really push it too far he threw my
mounts that brought the window I was
really attached to him and I'm kind of
upset and I think I want to die but I'm
not letting him just walk all over me
like that and just destroy my fing
sheets because he's not getting his own
way no no no we need to resolve whatever
issue this is in a civilized manner how
do you feel about yourself I feel kinda
bad and to make even a pet I'll let you
go for the Madonna's drive-thru okay
wherever you want live your card no fine
it's all I quote strange man
I have a boyfriend I made a list could I
get a Big Mac large mil with a vanilla
milkshake yeah and 20 knots and sauces
barbecue yeah and then can I get two
sweet chili rats as a mill one with a
banana milkshake I'm one with a vanilla
milkshake
a vodka at zero and a six chicken nugget
mill with a large coke
Thank You trade appropriate believe with
big breasts mmm thank you strange man
stranger and college other people that I
remember
here's your slacks Fung get your juice
or go having a great time at the expense
of the strange man is following us
everywhere guys this has to end now Kira
is right there in the bath now you guys
probably won't know this but Kira is
very particular about her baths and I
mean Barry if you disturb her she freaks
out if you mess her hair up she freaks
out if you put in the wrong bath bomb
she freaks out one time I forgot to put
in bubbles so she kicked me out okay
this is no joke to her she takes this
very seriously and the main thing she
hates is when people get in the bath
with her when she's in there that is her
bath and it is not free for anybody else
so that is exactly what I'm gonna do
right now I'm gonna barge my way in she
forgot to lock the door and I'm gonna
get in bath
hm let's go oh how about we don't go
disturb naked sleeping Kira that's an
idea
mobs
hey how are you how's your bath how's
your bath Kara
how's your bath are you enjoying the
nice relaxing bath yeah there you go
comes up how's that you're okay I just
started waiting Java I think you took a
little bit but not there you okay a
little actually very certain how all
those bubbles what wait wait yeah what
did you just call me what did you just
call me you said Morgan
why I think you've done up to everything
I've tried it was the bubbles say my
name go away I have no idea what I just
said that either but if you want to meet
me because I want to meet you because
this filter is how you make me fail
sauce details in description links in
the description use literally every
different email address you have because
the more times you vote with different
email addresses the more likely I am to
come to your city because I can't come
to every city you've got to take this
seriously because you don't have long I
can't wait to subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die
it's that easy well maybe not die but
your parents won't love you anymore he
said
