hi what's up was high in both Gucci I
hope you all okay I'm I'm feeling quite
questionable today because today we are
quite possibly putting an end to my one
kill fortnight series unless I can think
of any better ideas with good potential
for clickbait at least I'm self aware
one kill equals one for third I'm going
to sit down please a fortnight of Morgan
and every single time he gets it killed
I have to do something that I'm either
terrified of really don't want to do and
this is going to get very out of control
please subscribe
1 subscribe equals one Keira gets her
dignity back I'm sure as hell gonna lose
a ton of it in this video if I hadn't
lost already see you in a bit okay are
you ready
are you excited yes more excited nervous
having them outside nation in front of
your whole neighbors that so you know
clothes on
you you did that on purpose because you
needed click that I worked anyway why
are we laughing boys made us on fire
like tomatoes okay it's not good enough
good twist advancement good choice so
there's nothing and suck
there's nothing sounds it why is there
not a single gone a bullet why isn't
there a weapon yeah maybe flag lit
Tomatoes yeah my feelings though it's a
landmark and there's enough a big weapon
no there isn't
no wait tell me this lost it tell me
understand one more place that could be
wrong tell me I tell me a joke yet right
pretty good video guys
I'm as always peace out Morgan see out
now there's a dude that's not home right
what is a llama
that was my first kill hi okay rusty if
you're wondering why I sound like this
it's a couple days later and I only just
managed to bring myself to film this
because I don't know where I just got
super ill and lost the will to live that
brings us to the first forfeit which
involves my phone the one thing I don't
let anyone near the thing might hold
nearest and dearest to my heart which
honestly really tells where my
priorities are out oh yeah I don't have
any and one of my biggest fears I'm like
sleep texting someone or sleep tweeting
or sleep post think I have sleep texted
people some very questionable dream
thoughts and it's been very hard to
explain one time I did it so bad I had
to take with my phone in literally
another room but today I'm putting all
of that aside I'm blindfolding myself
wait I should probably wait until after
I've yeah I'm blindfolding myself
randomly scrolling through my camera
roll I'm posting it to Instagram and I
have to leave it up 94 hours this is a
race to be fair I've ever done in my
life this is like her everything okay so
I need lucky number or something I don't
know what I feel like I feel really
nervous I think I trust myself that I
haven't done anything incriminating I
would like to get more brand deals in
the future I would like youtube to
monetize my content more at least I know
there's no like videos of me partying
and getting lint doing the old devil's
lettuce because you know I don't have
social life or friends that don't get
invited to parties I think the word for
anchor post is something that proves how
sad and lonely I am I don't know where
the keyboard bit is I'm gonna get camped
to type does my hair look nice in this
okay it's 1 a.m. so whoever sees this is
gonna be very confused oh my god
I know you don't want to do this I don't
particularly want to do this I mean
you've got to have a first kiss
eventually all right yeah I haven't had
mine yet you haven't had yours yeah this
is perfect right have you cleaned your
mouth oh yeah oh yeah I forgot you have
antibacterial tongue I haven't washed my
teeth in a few days I'm kind of nervous
um yeah just like don't tell my
boyfriend or my parents yeah I know I
won't tell Bruna don't worry it's
between us yeah me neither
let's go
oh you just come in did you put for your
port for basically yeah I think it's
gone my instead of going geez that's
from your anus longest I don't know is
that high forfeit number three that's us
okay as you guys know from previous
videos I have a little bit of a fear of
heights now I never used to but ages ago
I got into this like deadly ski accident
on top of a mountain and I like it just
doesn't work anymore
ever since I've kind of been scared of
heights I don't like climbing stuff I
don't like be standing on roofs oh
you're gonna make Morgan makes me go on
a stupid roof all of the time it makes
me very nervous
I'm very scared also I'm a very
uncoordinated person and I fall over a
lot today
forfeit number three I have to climb a
fact that
okay thank you
well then I can't do it guys I did it
look it's definitely me look I'm really
proud of what I've achieved today yeah
the rock tastes really great just in
case you wants to know definitely not
scared of heights anymore yeah that's
not you and you're not even at the
height of the wall I am before can take
a beating
I have smoke in here I have a bowl there
it's sort of icy freezing cold water I
mean it's kind of the biggest thing we
could find we didn't really have a
bucket I don't think it's gonna make a
difference
whoa because it's absolutely freezing
out right now and I think I'm going to
die you ready Morgan let's go oh wait
wait wait what are you doing well how
are you doing might as well like kill
two birds with one stone you know cuz I
shampoo few days oh for goodness sake no
I don't want some yeah what's up by the
camera no no seriously
I think it wise to watch you got seven
eyes
okay Oh foaming at the mouth licking the
ball no don't good after that Nate's
right you might have some snacks
oh I hope you found that every step ever
so entertaining you do the grocery store
possible since it zoomed in I hope you
really really really enjoyed that video
I hope you found it absolutely the
cringes most horrible hard to watch
thing and saw me get humiliated more
than you've ever seen anyone getting me
a yummy entered in your life which is
right Manuel it is yeah I hope you had a
good time I probably didn't I don't know
I haven't done them yet he subscribe
this was tragic I can't ending it at all
subscribe now
