damn I like such a broke-ass ho today
with dog looks like such a broke-ass ho
today I really need to like switch it up
any newbie Gucci was 20 I'm so broke
wait down
I feel good a different suddenly I feel
superior to everyone else because of the
price with my clothing I feel good Hey
oh come here yeah you come here yep
bitch my toilet paper cuz worn your
weave my outfit cost more than your rent
head-to-toe in Gucci bitch wait let me
check my famous birthday it's our old is
little Theory boy I'm 17 younger specs
are out there and no one got nothing on
me and you know these hoes got nothing
on me I'm a 17 year old milli in that
bitch I'm the youngest out there hi
what's up what fake Gucci doesn't work -
no episode I promise I'm never gonna say
that ever again
right so recently there's been this girl
called little Tay I'm kind of floating
around the internet and this
nine-year-old claims to be the youngest
billionaire flex
we've cost more than your toilet roll in
the world or something like that I'm
usually not a kiddie roaster on YouTube
but I have some questions about this
small child one where her parrot - where
did she come from three I know she said
that she birthed her so technically
that's not possible so like where did
she come from
is she actually rich is she actually
nine I have so many questions and it
really intrigues me and you know this is
the place my channel where I talk about
the things that are important to me and
right now this is so important to me and
everyone's been hating on her because
she claims to be like the youngest
flexor in the world and the young
and clearly I have the right to share my
two cents on this because I've never
flex anything in my life how disgusting
so today I'm going to be playing a video
for you called best of lillte flexing
your NC on video compilation april
edition little tape funniest ID moment
sharing my questions and answering sums
I've no clue what's going on all I've
gotten from this is that everyone who
lives in the Beverly Hills area is so
intimidated by this small child but
stupid
honestly why is no one calling the
police if she's driving a car and she's
nine years old she probably can't even
see over the world why is no one calling
the police is she that rich is she like
tipping off the police like yeah so like
I didn't mean it like I just I just took
my parents car and I just accidentally
drove it I'm so sorry
here take ten bands American family
verified I wouldn't make verified now I
never know what to say that was state
why am I not verify this bill I have
this conspiracy period that this Asian
dude that she's hitting in the face of a
cake I have a conspiracy theory that
this is her dad a jerk
what's adapter tree you say a parent a
dad with male genitalia who forces their
child into garden and makes them do
horrific things and then manages them
and then late taste 9500
please someone call the police come in
on a mission to destroy society she's on
a mission to D string the fabric of what
makes up already kind of D string
society D string personal word and it's
working look at this poor man you know
what soon enough we're not even gonna be
allowed to walk down the street without
lillte policing us drive in her lap over
butterfly wings without the lights and
crash it into small children running
over squirrels and if you're Asian
how many Asian people are in the world a
girl 60% of the population you're not
gonna be able to go outside anymore
without being smothered with cake
actually that sounds really great Lotte
for president it's bad baby I know
everyone has heard their opinions out of
her but I really features like mildly
iconic I also have another question
about wove icky actually back right
stupid I'm all about bringing them to be
whoever you want expressing yourself
what am i doing right now I look like an
idiot you know I'm happy sometimes there
is a line and sometimes you can cause oh
my god assault hey what's she doing that
she looks terrified
can we just no servers like in the
shitter absolutely terrified they keep
pooping her panties right now she's
proving her diaper right now because she
is literally just out of the work she's
pooping herself and her parents they're
just okay maybe she was right maybe no
one birthday
maybe she birthed herself I built a
wanted to come fight me in real life I'd
let her just hippie I'm gonna do
anything I change her mind she doesn't
look Ted but he looks above everything
like she just looks like she knows that
she's just better than before
Gucci from head to toe y'all can't
afford this shit this should cost your
whole excuse me what did she say to me
I'm pretty sure that I can afford this
ish no bad words here because we are in
the presence of a minor
what did you say I'll be wearing
she bass you'd like hand-me-downs
excuse me this is not me down this is
handcrafted Gucci made by the one and
only camera little Carrie that's me
that's what you're gonna call me from
now on if were you talking about me why
don't you go make some money okay excuse
me I am making plenty of money thank you
very much no I'm not really I'm actually
they literally just might actually say
born that's it and I have guilt for not
owning my own house even though I'm 17
years old that's really bad what kind of
world are we living in but why do you
think I'm making this video huh yeah
I'll be making those racks making those
not racks probably thinking my cowboy
balance is probably like overdrawn right
now let's do ya know doesn't it say that
about a little Gary I'm crazy every time
I say that's disgusting it's not the
worst I've got that's disgusting you
know what I've had enough little tank
this is me calling her out wait how many
follows oh so she already has like a
humble million on Instagram but I mean
Instagram a carrot if to it so I can
overtake her and be four probably but
still how dare she attacked little Curie
like that she doesn't know how much I
make probably more than new because my
parents don't take it oh yeah bitch burn
roasted I feel really bad cooling a
child bitch really she called me bitch
first I just don't understand who she be
cheers I see what else she has to say
about me you're the youngest lecture the
century no I'm the youngest section of
century okay I really hate to admit it
guys this is really hard for me to say
it turns out I've been lying to you
about my age yes that's right myself and
famous birthdays because somehow I'm
relevant enough to has been lied to this
whole entire time turns out I'm actually
an unborn fetus yeah so while I was in
the womb my mother pretty much he just
put a camera wherever babies come out of
I'm not really sure and just a ring
light so that currently this is my setup
inside of the womb I'm filming from
inside of the womb so you know we've all
this coochie that I have right now yeah
that technically makes me the youngest
flexor of a century because how can you
be younger than me if I literally know
what I'm not even a fetus I mean if you
just a humble sperm cells this is
half of me the egg the egg is somewhere
else having more cloud somewhere else I
haven't even been fertilized yet that's
how young I am and you're out here
saying your youngest reflection of a
century no that's me why do I make
everything about myself I didn't show
you guys my new Ferrari because I didn't
want you to feel insecure that you
didn't have your favorite rapper ain't
even doing like I have a conspiracy
theory okay conspiracy theory time just
driving these cars
she got hoes she got weed and she has
all of this money no one knows where she
got this money from technically she has
no parents
so therefore what if she murdered her
parents who were like really rich and
stuff and then took all of their money
and then became a celebrity but she's
not very good at hiding the fact that
she possibly did this just wait two
years time someone's gonna be building a
house somewhere in Mexico and
underground it's just gonna be two Asian
skeletons and you know who those Asian
skeletons are gonna be little taste
parents that she murdered for their
money
now I'm not calling her a murderer
because the last time I said something
about someone they tried to sue me but
I'm just saying she might be mad crazy
very proven she's flexing her father's
friend does that not prove that she
murdered her parents who took their
brendham non-flex then what she murdered
them and then sold the house and they're
buried underneath the house and she's
flexing the rent shouldn't you get what
I mean
did she murdered her parents she's
renting out the house that they lived in
and then flexing the money that people
gave her to rent the house do you get
what I'm saying
also are you allowed to talk about being
in a gang publicly without getting
arrested if you feel like following me
on my social media and providing me with
more answers feel free to do so because
I'm really baffled right now I don't
really know what's happening I think
we're all gonna die I kind of wish the
world ended on that day that everyone
said it was gonna end but there you go
we don't always get what we want
right now I'm gonna go and flex on my
dog you're gonna subscribe and I'm gonna
go away forever goodbye I'm really sorry
you had to order this subscribe to Kiera
Bridget
or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
