hi in the UK right now it's about 25
degrees and hey Siri what's 25 degrees
in Fahrenheit 77 degrees
there you go I'm cultural you know it's
a relatively medium average temperature
but you know the net weather obsessed
nation we are having an absolute
meltdown so I thought why not go outside
for once but not really but imitate
people who are outside and try on some
coach header outfits but not any coach
Heller outfits famous people coach other
outfits because why because that's
what's gonna get me views on this video
usually when I make these videos I just
kind of bide the outfits and that's it
but today I thought I would try a little
bit of DIY so I purchased some crafting
equipment and I also purchased some ugly
clothes I'm never gonna wear again but
have to take label off so I can't return
them ever and only hope that she fits me
I'm gonna transform into everything I'm
not which is a cool critique though who
knows how to let loose and have fun be
your entertainment sacrificing my moles
for views yes again let's go so I've got
my bag here I'm firstly we're going to
start with quite all see the most boring
one I just was get out the way and I
kind of want to put her name in the tags
of this video so yeah so originally I
asked you guys on Twitter I was like yo
what did Kylie Jenner worked to
Coachella because I don't her Instagram
and all I saw was regular boring clothes
you know people usually worth fun
hipster stuff to Coachella a new guys
replied with this picture of her and
just a basic little white bra thing I
was like oh I place my order I bought it
and then turns out she did have a
slightly kind of more interesting
shinier outfit but it was too late for
that I got a double order type person
thank you very much you guys for being
incompetent I'm hiring new Twitter
followers to do my work for me right now
to follow my twitter at Acura Bridget
now this was about 3 pounds from boohoo
that looks exactly the same as this but
I'm sure it was more expensive and
unnecessary I got that literally it I
don't know how to make this more fun for
you this is it I don't really know what
to say like you're cool I'm cutting
Jenna know my brother
next up we have good old James Charles
he walked around Coachella with his
backside out most of the time it was
like mildly disturbing but like in an
empowering way so go sister I don't know
what this article of clothing is called
it's not dress it's not let's just go
it's not a t-shirt so I thought yo let's
get crafty of this one and craft an
outfit let's jump right into the first
DIY of this video I'm gonna get sued
again
no shade intended next we have Tana mojo
I made a video where I copied her
Instagram for a week I'll link it below
interesting buy pick this coach an
outfit to recreate for her so I've taken
a bikini one they already own which I
actually bought when I did their copying
Iggy azalea's Instagram a week in
retaliation to her threatening to sue me
for saying I don't want to look like her
people weird so everything is so wet
they're like oh my god I don't like
something that I don't like one thing
that one doesn't did let's see them
didn't she tried to sue me for
defamation of character when all I did
was talk about things that she actually
said to me you can't sue someone because
you defamation your own character why am
I still talking about this anyway so I
have this bikini but funny enough I
can't find bikinis with eyes on the
genitalia and nipples wonder why so I'm
gonna have to whip out the crafting
items once again and craft myself at
animal gusto cheddar outfit with eyes on
my vagina and tits let's go boom god
that's just not the scale to fit we need
and it's Shauna that's no one I've hired
a slave it is illegal this counter slave
labor and that's all my money gone yeah
Elmo just make it all the more realistic
why does I let you smell like vagina you
know what I mean mm-hmm my vagina is
just gonna smell like infected vagina
after this that's the wrong thing fire
just be right free field you guys wanted
me to recreate Bella form co-chair
outfit and I thought yeah this is great
if there's one person you can trust to
wear something that I would absolutely
never wear because I'm a pussy that's
Bella Thorne so I have this like lacy
top thing I feel like such a beauty guru
like making videos literally about
clothes I feel so good and I have these
latex pants I'm gonna wear them together
I don't have Justin be but I guess wrong
maybe Photoshop women somewhere just a
quick reminder if you want to see any of
these pictures I'm gonna be posting like
the best ones are probably like none of
them because I'm kind of below average
person I'm gonna have on my Instagram
which is a cure Bridget with two ways
because I guess someone stole care of
Bridget with one AIDS if you're watching
that back here Bridget of 1/8 I hate you
I hope you die hello lads it's currently
almost sick form and I was just in
editing for this video where I realized
oh wait I completely forgot to film the
Bellas one section so I'm a filmic now
on my iMac photobooth movie shooting
zone because while filming I managed to
break my tripod and they cost them a
camera that's my friend over that is
asleep because she has a real job that
she has to go to unlike me if I didn't
feel worse about my profession already
okay let's go I really need to clean my
room just ignore that so pretty much you
can see my whole entire nipples you
can't even see my face but you can see
my nipples great if you thought this was
unprofessional you just wait until you
get later on in the video
Wow and get whole
or worse but anyway I feel like she's
not the kind of bitch to cover her
nipples but I have really low
self-esteem and I am the kind of bitch
to cover my nipples and also underage so
I don't think I can reveal them not that
I want to but anyway here you go here's
me having some fun always what JP over
there
I've just got me being a crazy hip girl
in that one I don't really know what to
say apart from this isn't really like a
figure flattering like what we stop now
okay
it's very this is very very weird this
is really gonna test my limits of how
creatively stupid can you be today care
a nice a Dolan twins let me tell you why
this is a weird one for me to do one I'm
not a boy - I'm not when I'm very happy
about that I grew up very smothered
because I'm a lonely child and very the
center of attention and I feel like I
would be that crazy bitch if I had a
twin I would just like eat in the womb
it's a blur with now arguably the Dolan
twins jawline is one of the most
features about them that wasn't a word
that was just a I don't know why they
thought it would be fun to cover that up
but I guess they did because um they
don't care about people's feelings I
guess and they wore surgical masks I
mean I don't blame the match of thee or
the second-hand 420 you're gonna be
inhaling basic bitches they smell so bad
I bet Coachella absolutely just stinks
of weed Ciroc and Shawn Mendes perfume
anyway my own surgical masks and and try
and pass off as Lou Vuitton and Gucci
and becomes Dorian twins your CGI skills
are really gonna be put to the test
spoiler I don't have any CGI excuse stop
fighting stop fighting hi so pretty much
I was slave I mean a friend a longtime
friend of mine right here who's going to
be slaving away recreating the Dolan
twins Japan style vintage Gucci and
Louis Vuitton face masks Thank You
Morgan for the info
Homer say about this and she's gonna
know I'm not still ready oh this is
confusing I'm just gonna leave them
goodbye oh fuck I'm ready fuck to
everybody yeah no peanuts all you want
oh you are cute friends surprise the
secret Oh quick brain here's some more
masks if you want
yeah I've really fucked this one I can't
do us to color it all in what am I
paying you for would you're not paying
me green I'm like Keira socialblade it
might be - shut up tell Morgan some
really disturbing childhood stories of
the really disgusting stuff I've done
oh don't tell in the poop one she
decided that I lost out this boy for
Valentine's Day and he not he did he say
no or did you no no I I didn't actually
asked him I was gonna ask him then turns
out that he had a girlfriend we was like
step down there we was like seven so and
then she was like I'm still gonna get
him a gift okay I remember she just done
this shit in a fucking tinfoil like
green tin foil wrapper somebody not know
this was a tin foil like green tin foil
wrapper after the fucker shit yeah the
star side that's the fairest shit in a
piece of tin foil
- give it to him - Valentine's Day no oh
my god that's so good finally the one
you probably all played for years she's
just on another level of I'm gonna wank
to you on your face that's a list of
violet she has a fanny pack on if you
wear fanny packs you 110% do drugs I
don't care what else you gonna fit in
there just like that fanny pack is like
ideal drug bag I don't care for 47 and
have six kids you're on something even
if that's like hay fever tablets or
antidepressants that's where you're
keeping your drugs in your fanny pack
but that being said I'm not accusing of
the listen violet do drugs I just don't
really want to try and Sue me it yes
shields are on blue jeans this court
that says Malibu looking at it it looks
pretty small that means my I'm not like
sure I'm like five six so I buy my
clothes even like talk or like the
regular size section we would never go
and petite in a billion years I have
giraffes long legs I'm just a very limb
lengthy person
my arms are even fit on the screen this
in the regular section it's upside down
this in the regular section was
completely sold out on any size or any
sides like remotely near to my sides so
I thought okay so I looked in petite but
I got it like sides up in petite I don't
think it works like that is the fanny
pack I got from boohoo it doesn't have a
boo hoo label it has a leather genuine
leather so a cow died for this drug
satchel I hope you're proud all of you
now wanna inhale is out there I
literally ate a steak today warm is a
and that I just I really want to say one
thing so I feel like I haven't had a
heart-to-heart with you guys for a while
not that you can have a heart hot if you
don't have a hobbit I've already said I
feel like every single girl in the UK
makes the exact same content and there
is no girls that have a relatively large
audience in the UK anymore leaving an
example to the girls that aren't like
girly girls or like in too late makeup
of fashion or beauty gurus you know that
girls who just like want to do something
funny or they watch something weird
there's no one like being a role model
and I've always had said that ever since
the beginning when I started YouTube
because I always grew up like watching
boys because there were not really that
many girls who I felt I could really
relate to I just I want to be that
person for so many younger people to
look up to be like yo it's okay to not
be perfect cuz the way the direction
YouTube's gone in it's like all the
girls like beauty gurus and they only
uploads the pictures that you faced you
into there my cake face and like they
talk like this in their videos and
that's just not real life in real life
we're just chill we sit in our chairs in
our bedroom we haven't cleaned with our
cactus it's videos taught you anything
not that me making fun of people's
outfit should like really teach you
anything but just be you Coachella is a
place where people go and everyone for
the most part kind of dresses the same
but they like dress different but it's
like the same but you know what I mean -
like listen to the same pop music and
like the same rappers and just the same
generic things it's okay to like that
but it's also okay to be different and I
hope you know that that's my little hot
hot over oh God emotions I'm going away
for a while
I'm gonna go down I feel like can it
look like this video is really weird I'm
really sorry that you had the witnesses
I can't yeah bye
subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore he said
