for tonight is really really sign to go
off hand Wow these crunchy kids videos
they're really getting out of control
all of these underage go stripping all
of these overage guys making underage
girls strip honestly disgusting I've got
a printer that's made a youtube video
about it what do you think yeah well
really it's not just uh contributing to
the problem care true so really aren't
you kind of being one of those
hypocritical commentary channels who
claim that they're trying to fix the
problem by in fact contributing to the
success of the problem Bruno you have a
point there and assign to a poo yeah
okay goodbye your favorite don't do more
stupid yes you are you think I should
make the video oh you don't talk just do
it pi was high in Warsaw I set that the
wrong way around what is wrong with me I
know I'm not the most competent person
in the world but forgetting my own intro
dammit I have come here today to tell
you one thing that's a boy game I'll
control does that mean I'm gonna stop
playing it does that mean I'm gonna stop
making videos exploiting it no does that
mean I'm gonna make this video
pretending that I care
yes yes it does so today I am going to
be reacting to some of the worst for my
videos on the internet and you know what
some of them some of them I was in
you've probably eaten them is this video
gonna get me broken up with yes I do
into it okay so we're gonna start easy
we're not gonna hit the big guys first
we're gonna start with maybe the little
guys you might need like a little kick
like you're going to stop doing that I'm
cringing internally Wow okay oh my god
it's an old woman okay let's stop me
tell you a little story would even tell
me in one of those continuous stories
they're really it's about fortnight I
know nothing about fortnight we're doing
a new pad where they'll save the world
anyways my son knows all about it
and he makes its video streaming lots of
views she looks like a teenager got
hacked tonight and all I can hear
because he has the whole basement to
himself that's this area is him
screaming to telling me you've given
your kid the whole basement to himself
and I assume he has a bedroom to America
and stay a while there are some
next-level housing people for some
reason they have so many rooms in their
house Christine Oh sometimes you've just
gotta know when to stop and giving a
child a basement it's just taking it too
far
I'm just kidding I'm just jealous I
didn't have a basement and I was
laughing this is a yeah I should make
videos of him playing this game because
I could probably make a lot of money in
views haha thousand I scream sentence
I've ever heard in my whole life
Christie Hill a quick pro tip to make
lots of money infused from Fortnight
videos faster oh these are fell in
portrait mode it's to take off number
two you're about 40 so she comes
upstairs freaking out I don't know I
don't understand the lingo so I listen
to him he's hacked you've lost all the
skins but like a year's worth of play
over $600 yes you're telling me you've
given your child a basement and $600
actually why am i hating I've definitely
spent more money than that in my time or
minecraft factions I can job she is the
epitome of can I speak to a supervisor
heed my advice from Martin Marva
Christie Hill I don't have a child but I
do I do have a dog your son has been
hacking and because he is probably spent
$600 of your money he doesn't want to
tell you and that really you
may Christi help that is the best form
of contraception moving on okay so now
we have reacted to a full-grown adult
female I thought we'd take it to the
complete other end of the spectrum and
react to an underage oh my god please
wear headphones watching my videos now
I've heard the boogie down challenge is
one of the most cringe things to come
from for at night but I've never
actually engaged in watching any of your
videos I've never watched anything
reaction videos for some reason so my
virgin is about to be pierced with
children doing red dots is that sounds
disgusting let's just play the video it
looks like a young Nick roped and I
could imagine him doing this as a kid
attempts to Internet stardom which is
failing miserably so he thought you know
what I'm just gonna manage the people
who don't do crazy stuff like this show
me what you've got a neck I'd also like
to point out that a Jesus crucifix is
the profile picture that's where we're
gonna stop I don't want to get accused
of not surei so I'm just means to be
happening a lot lately on the internet
so I'm just gonna stop watching the
young boy wiggle his butt in my face
boogie down Challenge gone wrong this is
why we need fine back by the way so
these short videos from stop being
uploaded to YouTube does good
oh my god haha this one I put you down
challenge ohmygoodness the best hashtag
boogie down hashtag gonna blow up please
don't go up recording your children
having fits isn't what we're going to do
is 2018 that's so insensitive
how dare you okay so now that we learn
tortured and lost children and I don't
let's move on to maybe some people that
you might know and we'll go to YouTube
I'm gonna tie it one kill equals and I
can show you everything that comes up
it's gonna be the epitome of cringe
let's do this very cringe cringe it's a
yeah cringe so cringe beyond cringe
disgustingly cringe the worst thing I've
ever seen really really really truly
awful really truly cringe am just moving
past oh my god okay boy thank you for I
won't walk why don't say that aren't you
people with male genitalia oh boy
genitalia and that's both the same thing
I have something to show you which i
think is going to absolutely kill every
functioning cell in your body the DNA is
going to start turning backwards and
you're going to it go back into the room
after seeing this what kill equals one
female vice tossed agra pill with
girlfriend if you don't know what advice
toss go right is viagra firstly I didn't
know female viagra with the thing since
we don't have to like secondly the
thumbnail badly but drugging your
girlfriend so that she it's not that
difficult probably not something we
should be promoting on in
and I really don't want to give them a
few does this laptop have a block so for
my intro we have learned that this
female has no shame rich coming from me
but I do refrain from actual pornography
I do like a good Beatty for now but the
content is at least pretty dog friendly
tame this is this me on YouTube this is
beyond you hub I mr. Brando - they're
not paying me for this you have to calm
it down if you want us to do more videos
how do you delete comments in someone
else's video I know I have done some
questionable things and sometimes a
little bit in the phone now goes a long
way but taking it too far
what are you shaking it once she touches
doing this I would literally sit for a
week with a headache to avoid taking
just one tiny little pill like that and
there she is swallowing these factoids
pills for a video work please just what
is mammal towards immediate fake and the
maximum like oh my god you taking tree
she's taking 3 don't make it go crazy
these are reverse crazy pills it doesn't
make you a psychopath and the fact that
you think people are like gonna believe
this only people who are gonna believe
this is what those pills actually do to
you is children which means you're
aiming my girlfriend for every video
which assists is just this this is just
not again this is really making me
question everything I've ever done truly
that was an experience but you would
like to see some more for tonight first
reaction contents from me I don't do
reaction videos like this is done
usually because they get copyright
rights now they don't get any views
because youtube doesn't push me to are
not making any money bit feel free
actually don't feel free just do it yeah
that's my busin
hope you had a great time watching this
and if you didn't before you need to
dislike
take a look at this poor cute sleeping
innocent puppy asking you to subscribe
to Kiera Bridget and like the video how
can you say no to that Tom how can you
say no
