that was awkward what's up what's
hanging what is I'm not gonna say any
more because it's just it's just so
cringe whether woodlice on the floor oh
my god it's under me okay how are you
all doing now okay I'm just gonna jog
right into it today is going to be a
pretty 11 out of 10 but also a 1 out of
10 quite possibly crazy extreme they
really overhyping this but anyway let me
explain what we're doing so last night i
tweeted just randomly out of the boot I
was like yo literally out of the blue
because I don't want to have blue hair
anymore but I treated yo I need to
change my hair down below and I gave you
loads of different like color options
and pictures and stuff what color I
should spontaneously dye my hair and you
guys you had a lot of interesting
responses I got rainbow and that Unicorn
quite a lot but I don't really feel like
going to a hairdresser and telling them
to make me look like a unicorn
sorry bird oh I only have my own skills
to work with and those skills are in
fact very limited so we working with
like one to two colors here I did ask
you to pick like an insane color bike
they were all like pretty colors that's
not a descriptive word that's not an
adjective Cara I've gone so much more
stupid since I dropped out of school
what happened to straight A's camera she
dead yes so you guys voted and you
pretty much picked a color so today I'm
gonna go out I'm gonna buy the hair dye
I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna do a
crazy color from what I've learned from
using that type of hair dyed before it
stains colors was something I never
really did once until one time I was a
little bit on the Capri Suns at a party
one of my friends was like yo here and
let's dye your hair pink and I was like
yeah let's go ahead pick my mommy they
hit me for let's do it anyway
it's kind of like the saying once you go
black you never go back but like once
you go rainbow hair you never go natural
hair colored with healthy hair ever
again that doesn't need ten whole
bottles of conditioner to nourish every
time your shit because you've killed it
and stripped it all this goodness and
nutrients and now it's just like hey
going up your head but anyway but we
have to go out to metal in Sheffield
which is a massive shopping center place
because Morgan the male who I kiss from
time to time is having a pop up shop
there today they like didn't want us to
come back it was literally that insane
and can I just say the amount of
Bridgette spinners over there the amount
of Bridgette spinners who like to pop in
my March to her molds meet-and-greet
like it didn't even expect one of you to
do that when I was like an HD 14 year
old that is not something that I would
have wanted to do I don't know how I am
of emotion so I'm pretty sure you can
picture how that one and camera I can
make jokes and then if I think Tara I
can just end it out or I can like say it
multiple times until I get it right
in person it's like once I've said it
it's out there's no cutting yet this one
girl was like - Morgan yo my sister
she's so sad she wanted to be here but I
mom grounded her and I was like oh wow
we all know who's getting put in a care
home it just sounded better in my head
and this girl just looked at me like
like I just committed some kind of war
crime and I just I died a little bit at
the inside I'm sure I'm not going put
your mother into early retirement but
you know what that's just not my choice
but anyway transition into the vlog now
where I go outside and did the outside
stuff and then I'm gonna come back and
undo the inside stuff McKay goodbye
it's Bridgette spinner
oh come on I win I decide my legendary
my life like this why do we need to hold
on
Oh
she's dying aha again and I really want
to start it in literally salt but you
know to like you're just touching Elsa
tough
don't freak out but not the dog how
would you like if a dog side making fun
of you discuss it so dog gets it's a dog
instead I'm the only dog in this town oh
my god they're gonna meet they're gonna
meet they're gonna meet and with the
power of editing and time isn't a
concept on camera we are back I feel
like even though it wasn't like -
Morgan's and I was there like showing
support for him just a little message -
team walks thank you so much
everything one of you came up to me and
like showed me love and kindness and
like gave me stuff and letters and it
just made me so emotional one girl said
to me that she was subscribed to me
since I had like 30 subscribers just
like a year and a half ago it wasn't
that long ago and I made the video it's
just so mad to me that even though 15
years old when I started my channel I
was still a narcissist I am now I still
I would have punched you wouldn't have
punched what I wouldn't have believed
you if you'd said you know this is gonna
be your life thousands of people are
gonna show up to the same place as you
and all no name and know who you are
one girl wrote me a letter and davidsmi
and I read it while I was eating dinner
and it was like I know I probably
shouldn't say this because you're a bad
influence but you're my idol and I
choked I think I choked but yeah I'm
gonna go ahead stop waffling right now
go ahead and be a bad influence and do
reckless things to my head you should
not do at home because it'll make a pair
of hate you flick my parents hated me
when I did over the first time but did I
care no and that is why I'm a bad
influence
Stan school kids okay so I have the hair
dye in question but firstly we must get
a snack how does one microwave
actually you know what I probably
shouldn't put plastic in a boiling hot
microwave zip it up
you could see anything that you want to
cure so so bad all of the time just
YouTube things just YouTube things I am
a disruptive youtuber but I I also am
very self-aware and I understand the
fact that we probably should stop using
YouTube as an excuse to destroy things
but on that note
just kidding it's plastic oh no see oh
my god you scared the Frick who do out
of me
oh you scared of me pasta I am excited
for me to dye my hair from color yeah
should we maybe also dyed the dog's hair
too that's just not okay I'm so sorry if
you would like to report walk into the
RSPCA number is on the screen yo yo
what's up I'm here with the gloves and
walkers on the camera because of the
gloves I guess he's also peeing may
sound maybe there's a way to set up ever
just appearing boy sitting down may I
add manly guys sit down to pee okay
that's what you get on the seat okay
it's a secret hair dye color right now
I'm gonna transfer onto my head and look
like crazy cool fun bitch that's gonna
be a cool female dog walk up in the club
and I'm gonna do things that people do
in the club what have you doing the club
I don't really think this is what is so
dirty but how I'm going to do it so
pretty much what dyed my hair with this
stuff before I did like half of it like
it's a whole like all right thing
although it wasn't really awkward it's
my hair and a straight line because I
don't know what I'm doing
but this time I'm just gonna go
you can sign my whole head okay but uh
whoa
you
ah okay this is what we left with a
potato on the top of my head I mean I
can't show you because that will kind of
ruin a reveal but I look like I'm ready
to go to shower okay so we're gonna get
Morgan's reaction to my hair right now
never seen it yet so try not to give too
much away right is that descriptive
exactly what I didn't want okay and look
like a 50 year old called Sharon as you
in your dressing gown and your mom
haircut okay goodbye me for the grand
reveal
ah forget ready for Coachella straight
up bad baby this is just straight-up
catch me outside girl and now I feel
about it I kind of feel like a chav I
feel like I should be walking some like
wrath of their own right now I've kind
of like the change I remind myself of a
grape I like my own personal can of
great founder even I really hate great
founder it should have been invented as
such disgusting they were just tastes
like wine but for boring kids the reason
I went with this colors because most of
you guys were even commenting pink or
blue colors I have both dyed my hair
before the whole reason I wanna do this
experiment was because I had remained a
blue left in my head it just made me
look like a smurf just kind of and I
just got all up in me
misses the new me this Israel fears me
no one taught my mom she's gonna judge
me but yeah my few were even saying blue
or pink so I kind of just like mix those
two colors together and you know that
made probably Brown but I'm gonna say
purple even though this is a reaper fort
is kind of red bigger subscribe to my
channel feel free this is Greg down
there go follow me on instagram catch up
on all of the lovely pictures I'm going
to be posting of me with this hat for
the three days I probably keep her I'm
not very mentally safe right
I hope you're having a great day I hope
your dog is doing just fine
is there something should be saying okay
good bye also subscribe and okay
