hi you know what I'm not really feeling
this fashion sense anymore you may be
asking Kara what fashion sense and it's
even yours the answer is no and no I
think so today I just sided I just would
be kind of fun to you know try out some
things that other people we're blowing
up they tell you to just be yourself
but sometimes being yourself isn't good
enough so you have to copy other people
welcome to this white hearted fashion
video let's go here we have two of the
heaviest and largest boxes I have ever
received
oops us look you're free brando but as
far as real brown deals go this video is
very nicely in cooperation with this app
called 21 buttons which i've talked
about like a bajillion times because
it's actually very good I'm also holding
a very large giveaway on the app by Mia
tell you some more about that later it's
a clothing up where you can shop
directly from pictures of influences
your friends and most importantly me
where you can click on the little button
on the picture of an item of clothing
you like and it will take you straight
to the webpage so you can buy it this
will be very useful if you have
extremely unhealthy spending habits like
me and the call is part of this app is
you can make money from it from when
someone clicks on an item of clothing
that you've listed and binds click the
link in the description to download that
for a manicure Brigitte on 21 buttons
and on my profile that's gonna be a
yellow banner with the competition on it
you can win a 100 pounds a CIL's Fulcher
from completing all of those steps and
you can spend it on clothes yay thanks
to sponsoring this video because I spent
way too much money trying to film this
seven days of outfits now let's get
right into humiliating myself
so well as you can kind of see oh hold
on fuller and gang a phone call from
chief hey it's not a cow but no thanks
he said this ain't it
and I've got a degree of chief on this
one in my head and I was ordering this I
thought this was gonna be a lot better
than what it is I'm not even the 150
pound shoes can save this look this
definitely ain't it oh wait wait wait
nah oh I've got a kind of I don't know
I'm kind of getting Jack the Ripper
virus from it and then something here
that doesn't really work no matter how
hard you try and tighten it because you
can just see way too much good thing I
ain't got much they love and this thing
look I definitely ordered it in my size
and it's trailing on the ground it's so
supposed to be a side slit but it's Eva
you have your areas out all you have
nothing at all I was looking up pictures
of like hipster fashion inspiration and
this will kind of cool on the model I
don't know maybe I just look you enough
I'm probably just not cute enough but
they say that and I hate to say that I
have to go outside in it okay great so I
have done something really stupid
no it's not holding the dog that I'm
allergic to but it was ordering the
shoes in a men's size
instead of a woman's icebox so um we're
gonna go out and we gonna find a new
pair of shoes I'm the product of bad
natural selection cura you're actually
going out like that I didn't think she
was being serious well she's actually
going out like that
I think Ryan Jackson says all he doesn't
neither do I care
get back in that and just put on some
nurse or something like not really
feeling too enthusiastic about this at
the very second but I'm gonna go in and
order something very pretentious and
vegan sounding and see how okay okay hey
so what just came back with the drink
and I have here white vanilla soy she
knows something but most importantly
it's soy it does not contain real milk
from actual cows that comb it I am
scared because I don't know what soy is
that this could be interesting it tastes
like what you can imagine breast milk to
taste like pilferer when I used to drink
breast milk you have to drink me on yeah
it's just like that okay so we are
currently about to go into Marks &
Spencer's and if you run away this is
like this
so maybe don't be a bit more forgiving
of my outfit since it's a bit of a few
moments later
oh well she's eating a little why she's
enjoying that but I mean Alicia's here
that oh no no no she's gonna spit out
the window Jill Jill she's gonna spit
out the window she likes to do luck
oh no she's gonna throw it it's in a
hand Jill chief you know here no guilt
there's a car right that gel was linked
to a car right don't make us stop tell
her to stop or something don't do this
this is a very mold thing to do you know
sometimes you just have to be mogs no
surely this is those be a quick decision
he does the analyze in it if you want to
do a camera I'm gonna set you back
around now so they can pick it up hello
I like to call this the Kardashian slash
incident model ooh who's not actually
signed to a real modeling agencies lat
this is literally what everyone wears
nowadays and it kind of looks like
Yvonne it okay I have a couple problems
without them firstly I don't mind if
stuff cuts off here or here not here
this feels unnatural and I mean it just
looks like vomit I better don't forget
the airport's also for this work I
managed to cut myself some fake
Balenciaga someone so that like socks
and they are quite possibly the most
hideous shoe I have ever worn in my
whole life
why they have bubbles on the bottom I
will never know actually yes so they
don't get sued by okay but oh no this
look isn't done because we all know
those Kardashian type of people no tea
no shade I really wish I have their bank
accounts how very extreme intense makeup
teens and I'm gonna go copier God knows
I need to I am nowhere near capable of
that but let's go I noticed they all
really enjoy this kind of like selects
back here is the shape of my skull kind
of hella I look like a board baby we can
have spray that after okay
I've got to prepare my skin for this
these don't hate me let's get it I guess
I really can't hear anything
oh wow a little bit overcooked this is
the foundation I used for the one time a
year I actually go outside and Sun and I
actually get very dark because of my
ethnic background which isn't really
that interesting but because I never
actually do go outside to turn into my
natural color I mean just this weird
yellow tone so I know that's just pile
it on actually hate wearing this color
because I feel like it just makes me
look very oh no
now one thing that mrs. Kardashian is
very much known for is this a few
moments later I just think I look kind
of muddy but then again I probably
didn't do it right because I don't do
anything right and then we're gonna do
this crazy trick called thank you no
cake no no everyone's fat like me but
we're just gonna watch later this is
really bad and they're like you
connections ugly poor cousin if
Instagram will of anything it's an act
eyeballs don't hold your shoulder that
use of your
so I guess I'll try make one you need a
whoa hey Linda you also need a spider
company of those harmonies a banana also
not too short in our highest so I guess
we're just going to use my girls room
add some milk obviously oat milk let's
go clearly I don't know how to open a
banana I think I'm going to put in
another banana because this is supposed
to be kind of a chunky consistency and I
don't see this game very chunky you get
it thick just like me do you think else
what a thickness comes from now that's
just filler
okay that's just about all the food I
own so much for isn't so delicious and
then just a little bit she'll be just to
take away from the scary nutritional
value of this now I'm not gonna lie I
don't really want to eat this I'm gonna
give it someone else a Morgan I got you
a snack yes it's called an acai bowl a
free bar eat
no I prefer subpoena this movie justice
movie in a bowl literally is just a
spoon you want it maybe it is a smoothie
knockerball
thinking mayhem you try and
and maybe these clothes that actually
exercise frankly okay that's like a
steady walk why are you panting I'm
you're coughing now serious that you
care this this isn't even a rule was
that's just a carrot I've run in I
believe just put on like seven or
something looks like that's like an
average speed that's like a slow-rolling
know your job you can show the jog right
aggressively it shouldn't be this hard
kara and yeah I heard you turn it down
Carrie not full at any time yeah she's
on I'm feeling sad so I've been wearing
this very girly outfit outside for last
like two hours we went and had a meal I
put on like full pink really nice makeup
which was very shortly destroyed by my
chronic I can't go near an animal for
even two seconds hayfever my toner was
also falling off which is just great I
rolled out something happened that made
me feel kind of sad so I was wearing
this yeah I know I look like is she as I
walked into the restaurant this woman
she looked about maybe 35 gave me this
really weird ugly sad look and she like
whispered something to the man she was
weird and I was like come on that's
about me you could have been a little
bit more obvious it was actually like a
two square foot restaurants so the
biggest thing I've kind of learnt from
this video is you shouldn't judge people
by what they're wearing because that
doesn't really change who they are
inside unless they're wearing some watch
it like this then judge them but if
they're just wearing a chicken coat
leave them alone cuz you never really
know who you're giving selfie looks to
it could be someone who's gonna go and
bitch about you - they're almost two
million people later on so yeah that's
just my lesson of the day
so the outing but really put a damper on
my outing I didn't really want to feel
much of it apart from the really fancy
food I got to fit the occasion
way too fancy I feel that we should go
over email
in the shower very cute I think the
chef's must have thought I was a food
reviewer because I had this giant camera
with me so they kept giving us like free
snacks and no one else was getting free
snack so I mean thanks they were nice
but for the rest of this outfit it's
getting late at night and I've decided
I'm gonna have a little pamper session
with you guys I had myself a and I felt
like the female thing to do would be to
use a whole entire box who a mushmelon
bobo and see what happens
or maybe just a stupid thing to do you
know why
no no I did not forget about the bar
hey Morgan I need you to help me pick an
outfit why do you have a beard that
sounds a lot like body shaving to me but
I'm gonna explain that in time firstly I
need you to pick me okay sit down and
face the wall I don't any peeking
come on okay God Wow no guys here's a
thing you probably noticed this this is
a this is like all I wear every day
these marks shorts which I don't even
sell and this just random 25 pounds why
pop I'm not exactly with the Gucci
lifestyle
don't like I've seen this Kira honestly
I mean maybe you saw it on a mannequin
or something but I just caught can't
seem to like figure out why you've seen
this exact same outfit before maybe you
saw it in like a shop window all I can
celebrities like Instagram posts or
something for the life of me I just
cannot figure out what Oh No
hey but there's something I can do which
you haven't done oh yes I think so
you look so much like me am i into again
obviously kind of a it's common unzip
your coat come on unzip
hey yo little 10 that's cheatin there we
go
this is couple goals right here yeah we
love each other
so we so we wireless and close you're
not a lot of ultimately when hey
the final look we are doing it's some
kind of coffee Eva what I wanted to look
like when I was 13
something told me the make up for this
one is going to be pretty easy so we're
just gonna work
I'm sad but in all seriousness I think
this is the most uncomfortable outfit
today I feel like I'm being bitten by
small angry emo insects all over myself
I just want to remove everything um this
I mean it doesn't fit and generally I
think I just look kind of stupid I don't
know what can you attract it to me more
maybe if we just like I don't really
know what you've done to your face so
maybe like maybe not okay I'm not know
um
looks like the week is over Oh God
make sure you click the link in
description to follow me on 21 Parsons
and enter the competition which will end
in a week from today I'm gonna go and
have a bath in hydrochloric acid I'll
see you soon good bye subscribe to Kiera
Bridget or Die it's that easy
well maybe not die but your parents
won't love you anymore
he said
