hi what's up boys hangin what's coochie
how are you how am i i'm doesn't talk
about me i hope you're doing so great
before i get into it what do you think
of my new swag i think it's pretty cool
I'm just feeling like super hot and like
super light and really sexy recently I
just watch out of you and I thought you
know what while I'm feeling really great
about myself I'm really confident like
greens my color why not film a video now
I'm gonna have to cover the creepers
eyes with this one
what good casement because I'm gonna
play in a different game that game it's
called fortnight you must have heard of
it everyone's heard of it unless you're
dead then you haven't heard of it or
unless you don't have ears we're getting
too technical okay today I'm gonna be
playing a little game of one kill equals
one prank with that will come a slight
problem so pretty much when I do my
other fortnight videos like one killer
equals one dare I have someone else play
the fortnight for me and then when they
get the kills I have to use a bad thing
but for this one because the whole point
of a prank is that they're not supposed
to know I can't have someone else play
the game for me which means I'm gonna
have to play it myself which means this
is probably not gonna be uploaded
because I'll probably struggle to get
you I'm okay but as soon as the camera
comes on it's like suddenly I just hit
myself in are that was really hard I've
just hit myself in the head with a
controller and got a concussion that's
not even a joke like I think that
genuinely just happened it wasn't even
the right controller I think we're just
gonna hop right into it my dignity is at
stake right here however if you haven't
subscribe to my channel press that red
button down there and subscribe just
going on sir press it because it really
validates me as a human being what I'm
not defined by numbers we are robbing
ridiculously fast right now my social
blade is all kind of green it's so green
that is pretty much yellow doesn't make
any sense it's all thanks to you guys I
don't really know why you're watching me
because I'm a bit of an emotional
physical wreck
q so much it really warms my heart and
makes me feel all fluffy and like on the
inside more kind of cringy feeling yeah
subscribe leave a like leave a comment
and let's just get right into the video
okay we're transitioning I'm not even
moving
okay is this kind of hard to explain but
pretty much the game recording thing
just like just wasn't working while I
was falling but I landed on this place
and now I have an epic scar I'm not very
good at fortnight so I don't even think
the fact that I have a good gut I can't
speak and do this at the same time I
don't even think the fact that I have a
good gun is really going to help
anything
so I'm just kind of standing here right
now because I mean I can't really see
anyone and I'm in the storm so I have no
reason to go so I'm performing quite
well right now forming quite well zero
kills 34 people left free guns and
nothing else
oh my god as I just get that together is
that even chess or is that just like him
just like it's been open wait is a chest
okay I'm really bad at building I'm
quite slow actually I'm just bad at the
Hulk oh okay
I bet it's all gonna fall on the ground
I'm scared interesting yeah I tried to
give myself like a couple of tries
because I feel like I'm probably gonna
die and maybe get 0 to 1 kills in each
game because this is gonna be really
boring video ever and you do want 5
let's go boys is good
I don't running food oh my god before
and the loot was never really done in
saying like everyone made out to be by
Venus so you I don't even want to break
it looks so cute
goodbye little guy oh no it's bad oh
it's been a really like good game in
terms of loot so far oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god cuz he
died who's you know I piss it out these
he's gonna get me
oh my god if you just broke my voice box
but I know a little much about oh my god
I go here I go here I go here I go here
I got take care what so for the first
prank of the video no one's home and I
don't think people are gonna be home for
a while but dogs are home if you get one
going I thought I'd eat ourselves into
this prank video because I'm not very
good at pranks by practicing on the dogs
and trying practice the dogs I'm an
innovative genius but even my mind is
being boggled by this how does one panca
dog dogs just find everything fun but
you got pranked and they'll be like yeah
again um so right now I'm researching
and I remembered a German Marvel was
uploaded this video about four years ago
called Kermit traps where she where she
traps her dog and stuff and I thought
yeah I'm gonna do that with the dog
though Morgan if you're watching this
I'm really sorry for what an adaptive to
your dogs if anything happens to them it
wasn't me okay let's go hey little guy
you're not ready for what's about to
happen
the thing is Bruno here Bruno is kind of
scared of most things don't just take
life as it comes
Pogo the Pogo points everything fun
don't you do it you're a fun boy yeah
your phone boy you wanting out of the
cage well too bad to trap you never ever
but because you're a fun dog you think
that's fine
because it's fun who's that fun fun I'm
sorry I'm sorry
you carried away okay anyway so first of
all I'm sorry about this I must find out
where the dog treats are hidden can you
direct me to the dog treats can you tell
me where the dog treats are pretty good
over there you say let's go and look I
can't find the dog treats oh I might
have to use human food and then
everyone's gonna get really angry at me
for giving the dogs in human food and in
my
you're a funny boy John you like fun
everything fun - oh no no honey can you
help me pack the dogs you will trying
you approach really good didn't you yes
you did but we're gonna do it again
we're gonna prank father again but you
just hold it does that mean you fake
pranks here's a dog oh yes I forgot and
we're gonna put some cake fell on the
floor and then we're gonna make you more
intimate you're horrible it's funny how
you can literally set up pranks in front
of them yes still probably gonna fall
for them I wish it was this easy with
you you stupid boy pretty stupid boy are
you a stupid boy
you're like me can I thank you mom yes
really yes thank you begins this is
going out I got it go get it
No Hey look Boop get it why are you so
stupid welcome run
did that work shit it was stupid
oh my god oh this dude this dude this
dude and he's run away
oh he's ever that wait is that him if he
has someone else oh that was shocking
that was terrible or he knows in here I
think you're attack attack attack attack
attack attack I'm not even an thanks
game but you're dudes we can do this I
want to just get free kills this is just
more of like a tank here actually kill
people in for tonight even though that's
all the games about let's go
glad didn't to tilt it I just went
straight up to tilt it this time there's
so many people yeah because I can't have
my man aside for building I feel like
that's my best bets yet quick kill
should I just lure the student oh my god
he killed him he'll die don't gonna get
it I avenged you even though we're on
different teams because what enemies
good sucks good start I've got one kill
that is one more prank okay next
me and Jill just got home from dropping
walking off his friends house math and
that's alone and we're gonna prank him
someone's trying to break into the house
every really cool freaky like tried to
call police awesome
I don't know this could get really out
of hand depending on how you react we've
had cameras set up in like the kitchen
living room area all day long hopefully
his stupid doesn't notice this is odd
somebody's head
well she do now mom your pranks my
beautiful fur I didn't realize at first
but when you offered no Joe you blown
our cover welcome back I'm dead okay
let's try that again yeah okay okay so
this time I think I'm gonna try and land
the show if what was a gun click waited
again I need it done like ASAP yeah does
he go how's it going I don't like pumps
okay okay I'm not gonna pump but now I
have to go he's dead he's dead
I'm getting an M kid again get again how
do people jump at you same time he's
gonna get me oh he hasn't gotten yet so
uh and I'm dead well guess I'll be back
in the literally like 15 20 minutes I
can't find the cameras anywhere finger
down says one lady to don't have that
much time so we're gonna go this but
I've got pretend to be dead before while
interests you not doing your death prank
because I'm not that great at pranks I'm
kinda really but I don't you see through
that right away
why don't I like burgle the house now
kind of left it to the last minute
vomited Jim right now somewhere why I
should probably go so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna use makeup to create a fake
stab wound on my body but we're not
gonna look anything like a stab wound
lend myself out on the floor and then
steal stuff and then just wreak havoc in
the house sick fuck let's go okay so I
set up a hidden camera though bad I
start behaving camera on the stairs it's
just my phone
this is my stab wound this is the front
door but he's coming for a literally
copy a second
ah it's my stop would those I just smell
some ketchup value top or maybe you've
just oh Jesus crying what's the bull
yeah I mean I mean this isn't really
like a fun you've trashed my hours get
clean in this isn't fun we did I hope
you enjoyed this video it was a mess I'm
really about a fortnight subscribe my
channel is that subscribed already thank
you but we're getting really close to
500 K and I said when I hit 500k that I
was getting my own name tattooed
somewhere on my body I didn't think I'd
hit 500 Kaden till I was 18 which is
October but we are growing incredibly
fast right now
which kind of worries me because I'm not
legally old enough to get a tattoo in
this country
I've loads of really cool great videos
lined up for you guys I'm gonna be
copying enough of youtubers Instagram
which is gonna be going on today from -
saying then you're gonna be so shocked
when you see them it is someone I know
and I want you to get very excited about
that one I appreciate you so much I'm
gonna cry I forgot how to outro sir okay
goodbye
