time I'm dead it's just so frustrating
but I'm so glad a fortnight because I
feel like I just don't have enough time
to practice if only there was a way that
I could be a fortnight character in real
life and I could chop down the trees
destroy all of that wood and then whip
out my AR with the scope which everyone
says is a really bad gun but I really
like it which is probably why I lose in
real life and practice that wait I have
an idea good morning Jake Pollard's high
and it's raining okay i boy and be quite
fitting to start this video on the roof
because before I start wrecking father
with my own body my appearance and
making everyone around me uncomfortable
I thought I need to really get into the
spirit of what I'm about to do I need to
subject myself to the wilderness I need
to try and survive in extreme conditions
and what a tarmac roof it's also raining
well when that breaks we don't let that
stop us and I don't really know where
I'm going with this or why I'm still it
so I fall I would challenge myself to do
a fortnight skins in real life video but
with a twist where I take the fortnight
skin try and make them into actual
outfits thing you guys could wear on a
daily basis I am NOT a beauty guru I've
been wearing the same jeans and tops for
about ten days in a row now and I smell
of Link's Africa I don't offend the best
person to be doing this but if you
believe in yourself anything is possible
so here my roof table I have a bag of
clothes which I purchased with my
YouTube breeches that I obtained by you
guys yes like leaving a comment and
subscribing to my channel usually I'm
the first to die in fortnight in-game
and I feel like if it was in real life I
would also be the first to die because I
apparently my body can't even withstand
light showers my head's gonna look so
gross when I go back inside
I hate humidity he felt low guy I'll see
you in a little bit when I make myself
look stupid okay good bye
I think we're gonna start with a bad
and we're gonna start with the pink
creepy bear lady thing let's do this so
what I'm going to do is I'm gonna try it
on
and then I'm gonna plant a camera
downstairs and I'm just gonna walk
downstairs and get everyone's reaction
okay well this is terrifying yes I can't
wait to hold your nightmares let's go
downstairs and be creepy hey I'm sorry I
hit you in the nose on accident
we're drinking my outfit this pain and I
thought oh my god you actually are I
think you're too soft
okay so now that we have established
yeah I'm in fact a dog magnet I'm gonna
take this one off because it's a hazards
to both me and the animals I'm gonna see
you guys a little bit when I transition
into outfit numero later
next outfit hit the Highland warrior I'm
getting picked up right now so I kind of
need to rush so for the Highland warrior
outfit I got this it's kind of like a
Blacky kind of gold thing and it's
really really really not something that
I would wear I actually think I may have
gotten this a size too big I feel like
I'm having an outfit malfunction I feel
like that it's not meant to happen but I
have no choice but to go outside so the
thing is kind of everything I'm wearing
right now doesn't fit me this is too big
these are too small and they fall down
every two seconds and these boots also a
size too big but I can kind of work with
that so am I gonna go to Sainsbury's
like this boom boom use your knees mom's
cross makes me have a slight problem
having a bit a lot fit malfunctioning to
see a boobies I know no but you think
give me enough time to figure it out
primarily because there isn't much I
didn't really know I just kind of put it
on and rushed down and then I thought
wait off of it she's missing so Morgan
do you like this outfit on me I think
it's very revealing voice bye nice
are you serious I think those a better
more accurate yeah I guess this person
she's dressed in green which is kind of
like camo ish she kind of looks a bit
like a bush camper which is like me so
I'm gonna test out and see how effective
this alpha is when hiding in a bush
maybe okay Kara one earth for you doing
in my back garden hey we can see ya yep
hey are you bush camping
no let me in hey I just caught you Bush
campaign okay low gang we're coming to
the end of this extremely traumatizing
experience and this is possibly quite
honestly going to be the most difficult
one to recreate and I'm about to explain
why but we have the emo one now I bought
variation of things this outfit before
so I wasn't really that sure how to put
together this outfit so I just bought a
variation of different things I'm just
gonna mush them together firstly I have
the band t-shirt but as you can see
hearth is more like a vest and it's
really like grip to the bottom so Cara's
gonna have to whip out sneezers and snip
at this which I'm glad everyone is
leaving the house right now to go
outside I'm glad that's happening
because if they were in there's no way
anyone would let me use scissors by
myself and then she's got this weird
white fishnet saying on underneath which
is kind of weird really because it's
what I feel like the trendy like cute
beauty guru it's type girls wearing this
fishnet stuff all over their body I
don't really know why and it's really
kind of interesting the fortnight's been
able to incorporate real-life fashion
into the game so I have this one but
this is more like a jacket it's really
weird you kind of put it on and then it
like like ties are maybe we could do
something with this but then I got this
one which is slightly different and it's
actually really pretty and I kind of
don't want to destroy it I think we're
gonna leave you alone
and then I got this black breast holder
to you know go here and go this video it
doesn't get flagged just a cover up
everything that needs to be covered and
then we're gonna go for red or black
leggings I'm not sure but let's go DIY
camera it's on the loose hide your man
cuz she's gonna come and snip his let's
stop talking so we're here in the
crafting station I want to cry cry craft
I have scissors
one let me get hold of a scissors
someone forgot to lock these away now
I'm gonna go and wreak havoc in her
outfit she has the sleeves cold I feel
like maybe we should leave them on
because I don't say I'm competent enough
to do that I also have no idea like what
kind of fit this hard but I guess we're
just gonna go for it um okay yeah this
really isn't a straight line
why didn't I just buy one I also think
needs of food scissors since they got
them out the same drawers of cutlery so
if this cop has around minutes of bacon
on don't be surprised that looks pretty
good too and now hers is kind of like
really ruffled up and stuff so I feel
like we should just kind of kara what
did the clothes ever do to you
I feel like this could pass or something
that are trendy emo kid in 2013 would've
worn like I feel like this doesn't look
too handcrafted it's like the apocalypse
is happening and you're actually in the
actual game of fortnight wouldn't you
pretty much just have to handcraft all
your clothes anyway I think that looks
pretty good I think I'm gonna roll with
it okay so now I'm gonna get changed see
it's higher outfit and you're going to
not judge me okay goodbye if you haven't
subscribe also subscribe please
I pretty naked from the waist down no
exam right now but if someone come
through the front door any second which
they could they're going to get a hell
of a view
I feel like this is how every single
girl who hated me at school dressed like
I mean I think it's kind of cool I think
it's kind of edgy I feel very liberated
maybe a bit too liberated there's
nothing to do every video but this is so
funny do you think I look cool
you don't like it okay okay I just feel
kind of pretentious I feel like this is
a coach Heller outfit gone wrong and it
has these dangly bits at the back cause
technically this is like a jacket one
thing though
love these boots I might have to dispose
of them okay you like yeah do you like
the outfit
Bobo loves the outfit so yeah I mean
transition for me public all the terms
are sorry sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
um right that was just a bit too much
I'm kind of a bit like shook right now
but in like a bad way I'm kind of
disoriented and I don't really know what
real life is anymore however if you
enjoyed this video please hit that like
button and leave a comment down below
letting me know what your favorite
fortnight skins are and if you'd like me
to recreate this video again um please
subscribe to my channel I've lost the
will to live
