hi apparently I don't have any sense of
style and according to igloo Australia
I'm not a baddie and that's the tea also
look like a full-grown TBS worker well I
don't know what CVS is but I don't think
they allowed to wear booty shorts to
work I also don't think they're allowed
to wear the best match in the game that
you can bite www Bridget come to work I
really don't think that you know what
since you think my fashion zone is so
terrible and I'm so like not a baddie
yeah well guess what
I'm gonna take some style advice from
you and you can all see at the end of
this through the real not too bad ears
unfortunately I'm too young slash I've
no interest in getting butt implants and
my mother is definitely not giving me
permission for that so this isn't gonna
be very true to size but I'm sure of a
little bit of face tuning this
experiment will be fine obviously though
like why am I not bad II I think I'm
pretty cute I'm really feeling myself
like that song by Nicki Minaj the better
rapper anyway so I've decided I'm gonna
copy your style and copy your Instagram
for a week ap Australia and I need you
guys to go in downstairs in the comments
now take a little stroll down there and
leave a comment saying who you think
gonna look better at the end of this
experiment me perfect Kiera or a white
and not even remotely as good nicki
minaj i'ma get my phone i'ma go on her
Instagram why is my face ID not working
I'm stupid new classic igloo Australia
eggy that's that's very very strange
maybe my Instagram's just broken let's
go on shuttles accountant hey hey
so I blocked um she's blocked me it's
funny cuz we didn't even be on Instagram
very interesting how am I gonna copy
your office said if she's booked me
honestly what great move that was so bad
of her she's such a bad for doing that
jeez yeah well if she was a real
Bridgette spinner
she'd know a Sherlock the Doge is always
gonna come to the rescue by him and say
thank you okay so let's pick out some
hitches I'll come back to you tomorrow
when I have received in the mail the
most hideous articles of clothing I will
ever receive adios amigos peace out and
don't ever
my style ever again the next day oh okay
hi what's up I have returned I look like
a mongrel but I have some very exciting
thing to share with you so I picked five
of her Instagram pictures they are here
and I also went online and I bought
outfits to match them now I'm not
exactly a fashion icon you can probably
tell so I don't know what this stuff is
gonna look like on me probably not great
but before I show you some of the really
strange weird stuff that I've had to
purchase for this video I just want to
say if you haven't subscribed to my
channel please desperately please
subscribe it makes me feel all warm on
the inside I really really really really
want to hit 500k soon that would make me
feel all moist and stuff and it would
just be like super dope ensues it's like
half a million people whoa that's like
half of the Earth's population I'm
kidding I don't just make videos like
this I make an array of content I don't
have as your mum guys love pranks
literally anything you possibly think of
I've been making it reason these are
subscribed just to get an array of just
dirt into your subscription box and
sometimes it doesn't even go in a
subscription box so press the bell as
well okay I need to breathe I'm also
giving away a hundred pound gift card if
you'd like to win that and possibly dork
up on some Amazon Lexus or something
like that then just follow the steps
I've left a down description below which
is subscribing and just following me on
my social media and stuff like that all
the boys off yeah sure we'll be into the
video now be here good bye I'm video
sued for this whoa okay so what's up
they won that one of his ridiculous
outfit challenge it's the one that's
gonna make me feel the most like stupid
the most go inside the one that's gonna
make me feel like the most I make a
super trendy like college student yeah I
studied in Dubai
yeah I have like a PhD and like Women's
Studies you know it's gonna make me feel
like really really pretentious it's also
gonna make me feel like a giant latex
condom so let's take these clothes off
put their clothes on and you have to
promise not to laugh you're naked on
camera once again why are we even doing
YouTube first Oscars Black's Harper said
I chronic or something like that like
something force
I clearly find one that said bollocks
that doesn't stop me oh I don't know
what else does hit subscribe if if
bollocks comment bollocks leave a like
for ballsacks okay next we're gonna put
the red straw presented condom on my ex
oh it made me so sad I'm taking the tag
off this because I could never return it
now
alright genuinely feel like STD
prevention I bailed them on backwards
kill me I'm just not cut out for this I
look like a stripper okay I I think I
should probably see that window right
there yeah wait for her I know that was
for comedy but that could have gone
horribly wrong the shoes I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to look in these I'll
see you outside which is somewhere I
don't go very often I can't let's go
okay so I'm about to go outside and
embrace full stupid pretentious red
condom looking bitch I'm kind of nervous
dude out there sitting in a fan drinking
coffee is zoom in on him Morgan that
stresses me out because he's gonna see
me going out there looking like a hooker
but nevertheless you got to do what you
got to do and I don't actually need to
do this do I the internet still Morgan
what do I do it's raining these are the
sacrifices you have to make for fashion
care I'm sad by pretty of sad but I'm
pretty there's a dude in the van up
there I'm really scared
there follow me it's ago if you want to
see that picture just get inside ah okay
now I can finally take to shoot outfit
off alright Jack I thought he was in a
fight oh oh I've never sweated so fast
so much in my life below freezing and I
had them on for about five minutes on my
legs are coated in a layer of sweat okay
so next outfit if this one it looks
stupid it looks like a daffodil oh I
genuinely feel like a sunflower
but I'm not a baddie and that's the tea
this is it really this is the whole
outfit Pudenz me to go to Starbucks at
you didn't doubt me but I'm gonna do
anyway cuz I'm stupid let's go
stubby so as you can see I have come
outside in the outfit I like to call
this the overweight B this is B has been
pollinating way too many flowers you
know on the honey a bit too much if you
look up there you know what that is that
is perspiration from the clouds above us
perspiration ting frustration not
aspiration no no perspiration dispersion
oh whatever whatever one Rainer's okay
but this is gonna be eventful joining us
and builders out there that gave me very
funny that you know what if you give me
weird look I'm gonna sting you cuz I'm a
bee now oh no this is wrong this is just
yeah yeah but this is ready oh god okay
so that was super awkward that was like
a little tiny little team walks fan
standing across the road like
ten-year-old small innocent dude I just
stuck my backside of a car okay well I'm
not happy I don't like the outside I
look like a hooker and it's raining all
the prostitutes out those maybe watching
on a corner of the street but I feel for
you
okay so in the picture as you can see
there's a bush behind her this is what
we have we're gonna have to work of it
let's go okay
depression has struck that was
humiliating they did wandering care why
people fall in your hand this is the
next picture I'm going to be recreating
I am NOT excited pretty much all it is
is me and a piece of string on my legs
and here's where the challenge starts
though okay I would see girls wearing
these like super trendy like you go and
I always say I never thought about like
the process of actually putting them on
just a reminder um while I'm sitting
here looking like a drag queen if you
want to see the final pictures that we
took for each of these shoots they're
kind of weird and the ho ish and my
Instagram is gonna get deleted no follow
it Instagram is right here it's Kira
Bridget with two A's because someone
took my name I hate that I'm gonna sue
them like a he's a Lea tried sue me
this is quite a questionable outfit
walk-ins are gonna have a field day
taking these pictures or not I look
stupid I'll see you in a minute okay
this is the second-to-last outfit I
really just want to get this over and
done with because I look like a tow at
the picture in question it's outside in
front of a Range Rover we don't have a
Range Rover oh I mean yes but um Jill is
in fact driving it somewhere else right
now so we're gonna go outside we're
gonna find like her what do you think
like a KA or like a Volkswagen I'm still
like the bicycle outside I'm gonna fall
over break my neck and die let's do this
I can't walk
okay Morgan I have a task speed okay
happen my hair is purple I feel like the
bubblegum go from charleen Chocolate
Factory when she turns into a blueberry
but the next one we're really gonna push
out that we're really gonna go crazy
really gonna push out that we're really
gonna go crazy with a bikini and a
rather hideous one at that funny laugh
it's snowing outside and I don't have a
pool so I guess we're gonna have to make
use of this house very small bar this is
gonna be interesting so we're gonna put
this on believe it or not I'm not gonna
film it I know you might do some pretty
outrageous stuff and I have absolutely
no shame but I'll be right back I think
I'm a bit too awkward for this I'm gonna
sleep I can't really master the sexy
pose long because I'm not safe here that
was a wrap okay this has been the most
painful two days of my life
I just went out in the snow in a bikini
here's a picture turns out the focus of
the camera was broken so they did
even look nice but you can go and see
them in better quality on my instagram
which is how oh my god and here's a
clump of my hair on the bed this was a
wife it guys beauty is in fact pain and
it wasn't even beauty because it's not
like I was copying like Gigi had it or
something never know if you want me to
try this again with someone preferably a
little bit more rare cloudy so this will
get more views I'm going to find a
really large window dive out of there
you're gonna subscribe and follow me on
all of my social medias give this video
a thumbs up and comment something down
below don't forget the giveaway I'm
doing I can't even remember what it's
about but yeah that too happy birthday
if it's your birthday
what's this video even about again
