hi i'm i'm purple what's up what's
hanging yeah I'm gonna sneeze okay so
I'm a girl and you know what all females
like to do that is shopping I don't care
what I'm buying I don't care if I'm
shopping for clothes shoes fish short
night skin using my boyfriend's money
shoppings just great I don't care what
I'm buying but as long as money is being
emptied out of my bank account someone
else's bank account preferably I'm a
happy girl that's so war that's so like
deranged why do I like that wherever you
know I'm gonna do today I'm a wimp out
the PlayStation and I'm gonna do some
spending now you may be thinking care of
what could you possibly buy here right
you've got like two subscribers how
would you possibly have that much money
to just below it on a PlayStation game
well I'm not using mine this is so
messed up if you don't know Morgan walks
he recently made a video where he stole
his mom's credit card and bought like a
billion for tonight currencies in it who
does that I thought yo Jill is super
nice
look what Jill did Jill made me a fruit
salad earlier I know I have an ATM kind
of unhealthy but Joe deserves some
justice so I'm a god his account which
is just left open right here I'm gonna
go into the shop and I'm gonna spend all
his V books on the things that I want in
fortnight oh yeah justice for Jill okay
if you haven't subscribed please
subscribe that'd be really great we're
like a hundred and forty K or five
hundred thousands of we're like one
hundred and forty K or half a million
subscribers what the hell I really want
to do something special 500 K I really
wanted it it just seems like a nice
excellent um Berlin makes you feel good
inside and I actually personally so a
couple of weeks ago that when I hit 500k
I want to get my own name tattooed on my
body because you know what I'm perfect
but leave a comment down below if when I
hit 500 k sub where you think I should
get my name tattooed on my body
literally anywhere I feel calm and get
some most farms up down there okay maybe
what the hell is wrong with me so Morgan
is now chillin somewhere else I don't
really know where he is I think he's
pooping or ever this is a big outs bro
he pooped so much it's actually insane
so yeah I might hop on his account right
now and wreak some havoc and then get
broken up with how to get broken up with
Benz their money how'd you guys call me
a gold-digger let's go hi okay so so we
are here in the item shop
I love shopping and what should I buy
ooh this looks cool I can buy him like a
really cool item I guess he'd really
appreciate that wouldn't he oh but wait
whoa I want him okay I'm getting carried
away back okay so I bought bought the
ability to dance
Zeus survival specialist who she she
looks like an groovy chick she looks hot
she looks like she has everything I
could ever want she looks like she works
out she eats lettuce this bitch doesn't
eat lettuce
let's purchase her why are we have the
same pants on what that's crazy why we
match I like her I'm gonna channel her
who she has a tattoo on her arm right
there maybe I should get that
I hate tattoos why am I doing this ooh
that looks so boring but you know what
i'ma get anyway he'll probably like it
he can't get too angry at me because
like I have his best interests at heart
what was he gonna do for these VBox just
sitting around you might as well spend
them ooh
high-rise assault dude he's ugly but boy
we have the same pants on again those
boots though I can't tell if I think
he's hot or not i'ma buy him oh my god
we have 500 coins that that's not many
it's really set in now that he is not
gonna be happy about this
whoa oh wait this is 500 okay let's buy
this I mean this is a lot of fun of
buying fittings especially when it's not
my money this is so much fun
I get that okay I have spent all of his
VBox is gonna kill me well I don't
really know how I feel about that I
thought it would be funny at first but
now I've done it I feel kind of nervous
I don't really know how he's gonna react
I don't want him to shout to me because
he gets really loud when he shouts it's
a big boy but I guess if I just make
late papi face you won't be that mad
right this is cute right I'm so ugly
what the hell okay so um what do I do
like he's not he's still busy should I
play a game before night you want to see
how terrible I am shall I just ruin his
stats right now okay let's go but you
have to promise you won't make fun of me
we were playing for new guy bar we have
matching pants I want wings weren't I
have wings is a storyline for tonight
can someone please explain I love that
Unicorn dude he's so cute he kinda looks
like Pogo and why should I go my favor
plays in fortnight's haunted hills it's
very underrated it's a hidden gem so I
go there I'm gonna go to lonely lodge I
don't have ever been that lets get that
to where it's a rainbow that's so
exciting
you can really taste the rainbow that
was really inappropriate oh my god I get
to use the new toys I bought
he's your to appreciate it so much you
know like try before you buy even though
I kind of already water kill me why did
I think that this was like good why do
they think that like this is quality
content yeah just really reinforcing a
care oh you're just a gold digger that's
all I am there any other dudes here no
it's just us okay
yes I'm fine would what more could I
want just uh just to let you know I'm
gonna die really early on don't expect
much from me ooh a chest whoa that's a
medium done no scope hunting rifle oh I
know any of the storms Don's gonna eat
me get cake cuz I'm fit yeah maybe I'm
so thick like the storm won't affect me
Who am I kidding I'm so like the least
fake person I know what is the legendary
scar look like people talk about it I
have no idea what it is
it sounds like you're homeless dudes
house hi is there any homeless suits in
here no just me okay it's go up here
this is nothing like minecraft this
really is nothing like my graph it's a
green and like nice I feel like I'm
outside even though I'm not outside I'm
like inside cuz like I never go oh okay
that was stupid I never go like actual
outside so this is like outside for me
what if it's goaded you might be a go
dude I'm sorry unless you meet anyone's
gender here that was embarrassing I'm
not very good at the shooting part okay
don't look at me okay let's try again
where should we go um I'm going to go to
tomahto town while I'm flying through
the sky just like a gentle reminder to
you guys that if you haven't hit
subscribe please hit subscribe like I
about to hit the ground and die and if
you haven't already please leave a
comment down below leaving me some
Fortnight tips or some general gaming
tip even if that tip is Kara just stop
playing leave me a tip you can also
leave me a tip in the form of oh there's
another dude I said always dude always
going in that wet little house again and
what it always takes so long to learn
okay we're in chest do that boy it was a
joke I was just about to call and ask
Morgan like what
wasn't I realized he's gonna gonna hit
me maybe not hit me that's a bit funny
big show okay I'm shielded arts go
upstairs this boat where's the dude
coming from what I'm so nervous right
now
what I'm I'm such a noob I give up okay
I'm terrible let me know what you
thought of that I thought it was
absolutely horrific I am the worst ever
but then again limits and for natives
down below maybe I'll get better I
probably won't I'm absolutely terrible
everything I do I don't I literally
don't have a talent he's coming yeah hey
comment um just walk please I break it
okay see ya
sorry fallin I was just so me for
tonight video I was really bad oh my why
all my mind on yours do you just born
yeah but it's all the way in that room
you said you like that room I do like
that room I like this one too
anyway so I'm pretty much I was just you
don't having fun a fortnight just
chillin what I realized it's your
birthday soon Wow yes my eight months
pretty soon
less than a year yes it's less than
it'll make it soon I love you so I
thought you know what better to do than
to get Morgan an early birthday present
and buy some for my things sweetie did
you get me free box I don't know what
that is but yeah so pretty much wait
house do it what I did is I bought some
cool stuff I got you a dancing dude I
got your bats tickle
I got Europe why should offer second
where are my V votes I'd like I'd like
five thousand yeah the where are they I
picked some really cool things for you
but I thought I said you got me a
present
that was a present I did the baking but
you can't get me a present with my vivos
I get it oh yeah did you borrow some
clothes I got your hi-c not dude the
highrise assault dude well what the flip
is there what I see him you kick on the
highrise dude we have the same pants
they always sit camera yeah my only of
you spent my money all my V books which
cost me a lot of money well they can
wait whether it cost you a lot of money
I want t month but no what you've you
bought all the bad stuff my blue is
pretty cute Keira have you not seen my
skins I have all the best skins
look there right on the bar
he's literally--he's the worst person
and he's the second worst person in the
game but we have the same pants look at
this ugly-ass pig eyes is literally go a
bit hanging off the end I like it
why have you done no cure I've just got
like this war I love you don't you've
spent my money on the worst items in the
game I didn't want that stuff I would
have bought if I wanted hey um there's
an iTunes gift cards make look for it
that's mine as well
so essentially what you've done is
bought me a present that I don't want
with my money you bought with my money
this is mine either way you don't buy
someone a present with their own money
it stills what I can't what do I do with
it now I'm not gonna use them I'm never
gonna use them you could donate them to
charity
I can't donate fortnight's skins to
people oh you don't know I saw so much
money on those I mean Jill did it so my
gonna come on and spend them one on the
bad still I'm on Teen Mom so well no you
get a bar anymore we can refund you owe
me okay
I can't give you a refund for something
you mumble that's what happens Morgan
when you steal your parents credit card
I'm still your credit card go for it why
I'm still your spot you have to I'm
still both for them you didn't have
anything on your so still are you really
angry at me I'm not I'm just
disappointed you people the buds of
those literally stuff in the shop which
I would have liked so they wouldn't mind
you of me when I go around because yes
this is me see I'm sorry
Hey look it's a shark and then fingers
very gonna end the video okay are you
gonna get me back I'm gonna buy a V
books just to spend now yeah can I have
your credit card number okay that's what
we finished um if a should say goodbye
now goodbye
if I was gonna do that what no bye
