oh my god I'm so stressed out and having
a dilemma like my world is melting down
after that I'm gonna die it that was
super rude of me
I'm sorry hi I hate me okay I'm having a
fad by that much if you know me you know
I hate spiders they're my biggest there
I hate spiders more than anything like I
love animal animals my favorite thing
ever
spiders they don't like count as animals
or species that should be and I don't
planet earth because I get they stop us
from being overrun with flies and
everything but apart from that what
purpose do they serve like flies sighs
only even scary but I just have like a
thousand legs spider a scary go and have
a bath for about two days ago I noticed
oh this is tiny little spider literally
like the size of a grain of sand walking
in the bar and like a baby spider I was
like okay well your bum I'm stressed and
then I know just not one while I was in
the bath before hmm
like it's giving me kind of the creeps
but it's like one at times it's ignore
that bad and I'm really tiny
and now today I am I haven't said so I
might be hallucinating all of this how
know I'm gonna be dirty and hairy
I'm not getting in that bathroom every
thinking Kyra what are you doing today I
already know I'm going to Morgan's house
great professionally too but I am shy do
a transition okay oh it's a piece of
cake to make a pretty cake it's the flag
is hazy you got a do the cooking book
you know you won't be lazy oh my god I
hate that song we're gonna pack I'm
gonna pack and I'm gonna get you from my
packing journey and my packing process I
mean II brought I follow some very
typical liebe traits
the most common of them being very very
very indecisive I can never really
decide what I'm doing so uh we're gonna
roll with it here's my cave it's like
not too big not too small very compact
it's very our European traveler I wanna
see I kind of like it could be better I
feel like it could be more like he's
just my word to describe things out
there these are my current favorites but
like where do I need more than words we
have some options I'm just I'm ready for
animation are the bosses the bosses okay
okay I just have no shame like like
basic bitch t-shirt so show me you're
having that identity crisis right now
thank you let's test our options
yeah no I have no idea how to fold
things though while I'm saying hello
just chilling watching The Human
Centipede free movie reviews I'm too
scared to watcher I got really angry at
the jeans I couldn't get off my body so
I decided I'm gonna rip them up no like
seriously I accidentally rip to them so
that's a blown any chance of me ever
returning them / wearing them oh so it
kind of look like a baby hooker so I'm
gonna let you watch me rip clothes off
my own body okay and this kids this is
where the real fashions are I feel like
I can imagine like Gigi Hadid Lee
actually wearing something like this
well now I don't have any sensation left
in my genitalia I really gonna do
something actually productive year later
the next it's very good like 24 hours
since you last saw me my parents still
hasn't improved funnily enough did you
expect it to do though anyway I mean at
the malls resident you guys really like
it when I prank him
I don't know if it's just because you
hate him or because it's just good
content family-friendly PG clean so it's
like okay I'm thank you again I do
everything in here oh this is such a
basic prank but this isn't a basic plan
I don't tell you why I have an
irrational fear of babies I literally
have nightmares about pregnancy I have
nightmares like a few weeks ago I woke
up in the middle of the night because I
had a dream I was like 35 and pregnant
most people have nightmares that they're
being like chased by someone with a
knife I have nightmares about one of the
most natural things to ever like occur
in humans which makes me worry about
myself and where I'm actually part of a
species but anyway so they terrify me
they scare me they are something that I
never want to go near ever and Morgan
knows that I will forever go out of my
way to make sure the reproduct
is something that just doesn't happen to
me like I can't even look after myself
look at me I don't even know how to
brush my hair do you think like you'd
care for another human being I doubt it
just if that child is anything like me
it will be the worst thing ever
Tomi will not come out of this I guess I
kind of used a hole Oh baby the scary
excuse for the reason why I didn't touch
a boy for like the first 17 years of my
life I felt like Morgan will fall for
this yes there's no way I would joke
about this it's like my biggest fear
it's something not to be joked about I
also opened his wardrobe in here to
Cameron that when he was pooping earlier
I'm gonna tell him I'm pregnant and then
just when he's accepted it I'm gonna
tell him that it's not his I don't even
like joking about this okay let's go oh
my god and fool it again I was it wasn't
um where is it only college football why
am i thinking every time yep pork stuck
in my teeth disgusting
you have me yeah yeah that smells really
nice actually I kind of wish I had one
it's amazing
Justin was really good Hey
so can you talk about something hey go
for it um so you know I don't like
babies yeah like a lot like I really
really like they scare me the whole
right there
well you know a baby okay this isn't it
why am i so awkward this is like serious
this is like really serious I'm using
humor right now to cover up how serious
this is
so you know like when a man and a woman
love each other very much they spit it
out there is a bundle of fertilized
cells in my womb I'm pregnant seed no I
am no yeah I don't even like how to
improve to you this is so weird this is
just like oh you're not pregnant
I'm freaking out I'm Jay I'm freaking
out so bad this is like the worst thing
ever
you are not wait possible for you to be
pregnant that's a bit that I was like
getting to you know I've been like
recently yeah and I've been eating
really bad because you hate food I've
been like feeding like three people you
can hate me for why what you damn thank
you so who's the father
you're joking
mm-hmm it was it is a pull go
did you make a baby with pull girl don't
leave your house unless it show up Jesus
Christ anything you two with us there
that's why you telling me beforehand do
you think air about you more than him so
before me yeah so you better I turn I'm
being serious
oh yeah no get off me get off why
that's it we're over now I don't you're
not you can't you're not being in my
house with a baby yeah well I don't care
however I genuinely am it's not my that
usually get off listen that's it I'm not
dealing with that good deal without with
him no it's your problem with it I don't
give I don't care moving you got pranked
no you got pranked I spot the camera
that was never a good hiding spot Guerra
is not pregnant I can't feel boys even
like you know that's one thing at least
I know that you'll never actually get
pregnant with someone else
no at least you know either to get paid
with anyone else because I know girl
yeah that that's been an interesting
video that's been an interesting video I
really hope if that was to happen in
real life which it never would because
boys that like me I really hope that
they wouldn't go down like that
what else do I say it's an outro divas
leave a like and a comment and subscribe
to my channel peace out I can reach
