hey guys it's Kylie and today to
celebrate the launch of my brand-new lip
kits secret pregnancy and like China's
home and tampon oh wait wait wait sorry
just forgot one thing
get back in there stormy depending their
stormy come off okay so to celebrate the
launch of my brand new makeup range
today I'm going to show you how you can
use it on your own face to really just
like bring out that snatch nose and just
so I hope you look more like me like
after the fillers um so like yeah really
going to experience something today I
really hope that this really implies you
all and makes you happier because
because if you're pretty you're happy
yeah oh by the way and the reason I had
my pregnancy for so long for those of
you asking was because I didn't want
people to see me looking fat proceed
with the makeup tutorial that I did
completely myself with no professional
help and you can learn to look like me
especially if you use the right tools
that you can buy from Kyle Einar calm
and you also get free 8 to 14 day
shipping if you spend over $600 at
checkout before Wednesday which was
yesterday so you don't really get
anything but that's fine just do it
anyway cuz then you get to look like me
okay um swatch out Han about to give
birth
wait I didn't say that I'm not pregnant
what when we get out get out for me hey
guys just kidding um when we're done
with that hi what's up what's I am was
Gucci ok so this might possibly just be
my most ratchet set up to date I love
you guys contained that you hated the
flowery wallpaper so you know what we
got rid of it be replace it if a white
wall and we got some fun funky lights
that change color watch this oh yeah I
bet you're like can't do this I mean
they probably can literally everyone has
these gonna draw a lot of the attention
away from
face everything's just a little bit of a
mess right now I have a mirror that has
been detached from war I have my laptop
here have I clean this in seven years I
have not and I have a pile of makeup
sorry I have this irrational fear that
5d smellivision is gonna be invented
sometime in the future and people are
gonna be able to smell me
anyway let's just get into the video
this trend has been popping up all over
the internet recently I'm gonna be
trying to follow a Kylie Jenner makeup
tutorial people keep doing youtubers
ones but I was like yo Kylie Jenner she
just had a baby I have no idea well I
had anything to do with makeup but let's
do it
on my face okay I got a new mine so
maybe my videos don't sound like they
were recorded from the inside someone's
anus for once I'm nervous this video was
actually two years old um it's called
Kylie glam my sexy 18th birthday look I
look like Hagrid on crack I mean gold
you're going to sexy I don't think
tigers is it tiger I don't really think
Tigers getting hard over your snatch
noise I think in the tree all you've got
to do is like there you go instant
erection unless it's me just like cut
out this but just put Kylie's face here
my boobs
there you go Oh No
so for this look the first step is
grabbing a scotch tape and then you're
gonna take my don't hop luckily some of
our gonna focus on the arch of her
eyebrow the whole time you're gonna hold
them diagonally to the arch hold it down
I'm kind of good I'm half the lower lash
line generally I don't have to I know we
don't have tape because I was looking
for cable I couldn't find copiously I'm
strictly going in with colors okay slow
down firstly let me comprehend that she
put tape on her eyes and then she primed
it and then she can't order you can
contour your eyes I just got the hang of
like this one didn't I really didn't hey
I don't have a primer so I think I'm
gonna use concealer my skin so bad right
now I've been using this tea tree oil
mask and apparently it like it Jack you
lates all of that on pure things from
your face and gives you um spots
everyone which is so great and my
brackets are still there so 10 often
don't recommend you can kind of still
see the patches but I haven't slept in
10 years
genuinely I don't think I've had full
night's sleep since I was in my mother's
womb
fun fact she didn't know she was
pregnant with me until she was seven
months pregnant which means I might have
just not existed for seven months who
knows that's not how it works Cara shut
up everyone's giving you're so stupid
I'm like the poster child for what
happens when you drop out of school I'm
like an eighth grade student and now I'm
convincing young kids that embryos are a
myth on the Internet okay contour color
ever do I have one like that let me just
hold my palette next to all on the
screen this one's quite contouring
what's she doing oh my gosh she's on a
new colored never mind
well I kind of feel like I need the tape
why didn't I ask my mother I never know
how to find stuff by myself okay okay do
we have tape yes we did have tape this
is what Botox feels like oh it's in my
hands in my hair okay all right
this doesn't make any sense to me I
don't really actually think anything's
happening once we've dumped a darker
brown I'm gonna go
okay hideaway
nice house or darker than one owner yeah
whoa I let you just concealed my dark
circles to Peyton them back on makeup
does not make any sense
I painted a look it's 2018 how can we
like accepting of cellulite fat rolls
and armpit hair but we're not accepting
of uneven skin tone Hagrid hair and dark
eye circles I just don't have a critical
eye just don't even look good okay tell
me what you're doing with the black
Kylie I just feel like a kid who's just
discovered crayons the first time it
thinks paper is boring let's put it on
my face and then get crayon poisoning it
does much worse the crowds were laced
with anthrax what is wrong with me I'm
sick all of this just because I'm not
gonna eyeliner
well even I'll I know if I shadow this
is the seat full no I'm doing whatever
you can take it off and continue working
and I just pull out the edge oh we're
taking this one oh my god sure today I
wanted not something let's go I'm waxing
my face oh my face isn't bald apparently
why doesn't mine look like hers I did
actually followed the steps I could take
that same thing why does it have 24
million views okay so she's getting some
kind of orange gold oh I have one of
those putting it on her finger and why
are you putting it everywhere fingers if
you for this what do you think it looks
nothing like cause in life so yeah
exciting news mannequin in fashion - I
don't care what your eyeliner look she
didn't teach me how to do the hardest
part this whole thing worth my time okay
this was a 15-pound eyeliner that it
make me look like quiet if you don't
make me look like Kylie I'm suing you
Stella I'm suing Stella oh wow this is
nice it's just a black line it didn't
really do anything
sorry guys I'm just in the middle of
recording this YouTube video for my job
in some types you know now I'm going to
use the foundation illuminator I don't
have that that might be a problem okay
so I don't own that however I have a
highlighter
now it's powder it's not gonna work what
we're gonna try this type of same effect
I don't really know her nose Cupid's bow
oh my fingers stuck in the pocket oh I
was gonna have like a long Stewart I
taught my finger off of a Beautyblender
moment and these two colors together and
work my way that's circular motion okay
so find a shape that's borderline black
face and to top your skin tone I might
struggle with that one this might be a
bit too dark I don't like when you're
not in the mood
finally oh this is a bit thick dude mmm
some reason this is making me feel
really dirty okay that stop painting get
you paid brushes out kids
I always rip the heads of these because
they just don't do anything no I didn't
you know why cuz I am Gpad I'm not a
wall I'm a human being and I deserve
right you know this is wallpaper
appropriation I don't feel like the
walls would appreciate us stealing their
culture by painting on our faces and not
giving them credit what am I talking
about okay what are you doing now that's
not to contour she doesn't need too much
control I want already but I'm just
enhancing everything that's already on
her face so he doesn't need too much I
guess we're just gonna grab the really
dark okay I mean what Kylie did what am
i doing
there's my noise need it my nose needs a
lot one thing I really want one day as a
nice job everyone
like screams at me when I tell them that
I'm probably just gonna do it in secret
like hey guys I'm just going to
Switzerland for the weekend and I'm
gonna come back the perfect Madison Bear
knows that you all wish I was dead yet
that's not right no I give up thank you
and though she's raising her I hate the
tiny line to Kylie oh my god I just
painted in my eyeball I'm kind of lost
I'm just gonna whip out a Kylie lip kit
and just that's great that's just great
so this has made me want to throw all of
my makeup out of the window
I definitely look worse why the hell
would a dorm or watch this I'm not
really sure leave like I'm their comment
and just leave I guess goodbye they ask
you how you are you just have to say
that you're fine when you're not really
fine but
