hi guys Gucci's was swinging in the
Gucci's anyway that was fine um hi
what's up so today I'm here with my mom
and Morgan this is my mother
hi you were pregnant with me one I came
out of your so today we have we have
kind of an interesting videos it's
slightly more interesting than they
usually are which isn't very because we
have two guests instead of one I got
another friend I'm a friend now I have
two friends now
not including all the animals I've
befriended it's gonna be really
uncomfortable I mean most videos are
uncomfortable q3 we're gonna step it up
a notch today and Mortiz mother here is
going if going to me asking me questions
about the morgues that may be a bit
uncomfortable things that she probably
shouldn't be asking me and he's got to
sit here and just watch it happen oh
gosh I feel it comfortable now we can
ask one question before we team or team
walks
I want him Kara that's not to you oh it
is now okay let's get into it
subscribe just before I get into the
video I've just removed these two for a
second I wanted to remind you guys just
in case you can't I have a twenty one's
bosses profile so to example I could
upload a picture of me wearing this and
you can get direct link to tags item
another conveyor feature so you can like
combine different ways of wearing
different things you can upload your own
outfits on that but not only that you
can use it to get like loads of
inspiration you can also find like
exclusive pictures of all your favorite
like social media people including
myself if you want to see more of me I'm
not sure if you do but like if you do
this there's more of me there and the
best thing about it absolutely anyone
can earn money through that if someone
buys one of the clothes that you've
tagged I'm not just influenced it's like
literally you guys like I'm giving you
money by doing this gather that up by
clicking the link in my description this
is literally my favorite ever
but youtubers get sponsored by apps and
stuff absolutely don't really use that
much but this has been my favorite one
ever I constantly use this just to prove
it to you guys I have felt like 70
thousand followers on their nickname
down below and follow me on there right
now and upload your outfits and buy
things from my outfits and make some
money oh yeah okay again back into the
video no question this is off the record
question more close your ears as Morgan
really got a really small peepee don't
you miss my ass is not cuz I'm I'm
concerned about it it's just the fact
that when it was born it was okay it was
normal it was kind of clusters and above
average land baby then but if
something's happened minutes and he's
kind of stilted growth along the way
you know how his body is very tall yes
he's a very long person his leg his arms
its torso his neck group that was about
it
we're talking about just you know it's
quite small cute isn't it yes pretty
small so but do you think it's a medical
problem walking like he himself while he
peed the bed do you know what to be
honest it really doesn't it isn't that
perhaps once and he was about five but
no that's really good
okay that was some really interesting so
far we have established there Morgan is
in fact abnormally tiny so basically my
question is what is your favourite mods
merch what's your favourite item last
name is thank what's your favorite
quality of care favourite quality oh
wait what intelligence some way George
out of school what's the worst thing and
Morgan's ever done to you the worst
single thing just yet what good for one
yeah just one just one just long or is
he the thing that makes me the most
angry that he does and I think it's just
because I'm tired when he does it before
we done other things they're all worse
it's when I'm trying to sleep
and he's not tired so he doesn't let me
sleep so he could example last night I
was laying that trying to sleep my
laptop was next to my head he decided he
didn't want it anything anymore so he
drags it over my head and hits me in the
head of it I was losing I'm not very
strong so I yeah so and then he keeps me
times I think you're robbing your little
creepy web toes on me no you grabbed my
fingers and broken bones yeah but why
did I do that
cuz I'm followed on you and this is all
going on in the bedroom next to mine
it's like you have your wrestling
beautiful eyes doing other things
it's fighting everybody can I ask a
question did you find each other
attractive when you first size on each
other was it like a physical attraction
while these subs are very attractive so
you're the sole no no I thought Cara you
a channel so she was quite literally a
clickbait and stuff so I thought you
know she'd be clogged that it took there
on my channel and you did all this like
in the minute when you started to come
up with are you yeah I was like wow
she'd be a great person to you know play
on my channel so you didn't find her
attractive
I would just sit down quite miserably on
the chair yeah like very miserably
actually Morgan comes up to me he goes
you're cute I was like yeah and then he
was like how I was like I'm 16 and he
was like and I was like how many and he
was like five sixteen and I was like
wait well how 16 you because I didn't
know how 16 you were and I was almost 17
- it would have been weird if he was
like dgo I mean my and he was like yeah
I'm like quite 16 like I've been 16 for
quite a while now the night after we met
I go to like follow you on twitter
your birthday is the sixth Walker in
that one night for September what's
wrong - just was you just lied about
your age I doesn't and you did yeah you
did it sounds quite a xenomorph is quite
16 no yours like a cop in a month
yeah it was a couple months it was one
month in a bit one more for free days I
didn't I said it's just a minor detail
questions that I do know nobody knows
who's the most yes it was the messiest
Morgan a lot of the stuff is mine
but he puts it though he puts your stuff
around okay I'll just be like trying to
like you know I even you've made it so
that I owe you kisses do you oh yeah
how big is this no no no you're not Kira
do you burn morgan and how he is now is
fuzzy and a little bit more more to him
or ally walls when you first made when
he was when he was real
undernourished another the first time I
met you but first night you didn't have
like is your only it was it was it just
bad chest it yeah
I thought wow that's quite you don't
tell you at the stage in your friendship
but you feel really like comfortable in
front of each other and you can do and
say anything top it Oh does he able to
know you when you're out and about you
get us kicked out of places a lot what
what places have you been kicked now our
Tesco say three Selfridges
everywhere we go in so like just
supermarkets and kind of shop
restaurants no strategy you knew what Oh
food and then just kind of start making
okay well I'm done drinking at this
great red shit now go please go
no pages good what would your mom think
about them all good well actually I have
an actual opinion oh one time
remembering is it olive house I was
sitting on your bed and I was trying to
have a conversation or my mom and you
were playing the weird game with a car
and the ball luckily yeah yeah great
good and I was talking to her and in the
background he was just going yeah no she
thinks you're very loud from her
aggression she's got of you but she's
sports like if you have a video she
makes that's funny piece you're great oh
here is mom euh mine yeah I've shown I
don't need to knows how it works all
right but I don't know how watch my
videos I don't you so if ok you better
go what Morgan do you think there's a
future speed you'll stay friends
possibly law maybe okay
you replace mochi now welcome you don't
say Cara doggies for life not just for
Christmas oh boy it's just it was kind
of a bit of fun at Christmas but now you
got a dog for life mom
yeah small girl what do you think about
cobs just to clarify that is caring more
I think cool ah very very good together
I'd say well I think the problem is if
there is a problem that you're together
all the time you know you spend so much
time with someone and it doesn't matter
I don't think it matters who you are if
you spend kind of that all the time with
someone even friends things can kind of
start to get on your nerves about them
and it could be the little things but
then the little things become big things
I think we did do a merge cure that's
fantastic Queen and Keira thank you
prank Cara leave a like down below for
you of you Morgan she could be the
ugliest thing you've ever seen but
10,000 likes and we'll do it okay so I
think I was the video thanks 20 on
Boston's for sponsoring this video and
you can go and click the link down
description to follow me 21 buttons and
chop all of my outfits because as you
can see I'm a style icon that's great
and happy birthday if it's your birthday
shout-out for this person for you know
following me on instagram and posting
pictures themselves underneath hashtag
to Bridget I'm doing that I don't know
why here's a free dog okay goodbye
