hi hold on just being fat sure you would
I don't come on so many views anyway
also I know that was the wrong way
around hi what's up Oscar cheeks how's
it hangin here why are you sniffing I
don't know maybe because I love dogs
however I'm allergic to them and I just
can't control myself
yeah today I am gonna be filming a video
that's like very interesting I'm not
sure if anyone's done this before but
like that I'm professional youtuber I am
I haven't done my research I'm gonna
claim it as my own this is a challenge I
may or may not have created called my
followers decide what makeup I do I
could have said that in such a better
way let me explain it so I went onto
Twitter we just totally follow me on I
tweet some really special stuff my mom
actually found much more - the other day
and she called me and told me off for
saying some things on that so that's an
idea of what kind of Twitter I have and
I asked you guys to help me do my makeup
and then under that tweet I did a bunch
of polls and I gave you multiple options
so how I'm gonna do each step of my
makeup on my face and maybe it would
hang out good if you can't tell I'm not
very good at me but it's all I'm not
good it's just I'm not like that
adventurer stick to what I know I stick
to what I know I can do because then I
can't fail so I just kind of just one
color yeah it wasn't really bothering me
why is that bit straight and wise up
anyway so that's gonna happen kind of
concern worried about me and what I'm
gonna turn out like however I've added
some really interesting options so that
by the time we get to like the lipstick
layer we might end up doing the hundred
layer of lipstick challenge also do you
like wine wearing I just fell off the
chair but they're like on the video
right now this very second if you want
me to start the pre-orders of this dark
match really soon go follow me on my
social medias because I'll be announcing
on my Instagram probably first when I'm
gonna start this and it's gonna be like
so limited stock so this could like
disappear like in an hour
literally I'm not gonna have much of it
you guys seem to love it Oaks have an
orange variation waiting on orange
let me go show you it's called my cigar
stains on the wrists from where I cried
myself to sleep one night but mm-hmm
yeah great for passing UN's his I'm
gonna drop that so soon and it's gonna
be literally so limited and make sure
you leave a like on the video why do
they just scream I don't understand if
you want me to make your team I want as
many of you to be able to rep this as
possible okay oh no I just realized that
I'm gonna have to take off my makeup
that I have on it's not very good it's
probably not gonna make much difference
I'm gonna use some baby wipes because
I'm a baby demolish my face I'm so mean
to my skin I'm literally gonna look 50
by the time I'm 80 and that's in ten
months we're still have to scrub like
have it look like Lindsay Lohan wow I
look busted why don't watch my videos
like this okay wait they don't okay so
the first poll I asked you guys if I
deserve to moisturize my face or not and
if you haven't noticed my face is
incredibly crispy I guess I was just
born this way I'm still perfectly anyway
I asked you guys if I deserve to
moisturize my skin and you said yeah so
I'm just gonna moist them myself up oh
my god getting a call from Anoka likey
that scare anyone else or so just me
tell I forgot to ask you guys if I
deserve lip barber I guess that kind of
counts as moisturizer right I'm gonna do
it anyway I'm sorry if my balls are made
to be broken
a lot of moisturize my face kind of
hurts okay next I asked you guys whether
I could wear foundation BB cream just
concealer or nothing 64% of you guys
said the iris love to wear foundation
thank you eyes a lot of insecurities
that need covering up right now so I'm
getting it in I guess I'm gonna be kind
of generous with weapons I have no idea
what you guys voted for concealer I
really know a beauty channel online I
feel like having your beauty channels
probably a lot of pressure and I really
don't act well under pressure like every
time I'm in a high-pressure situation I
just fail I don't know why I just
crippled under pressure and you know
you'd have a war relying on you to be so
perfect and bridge
in awfully cool try and it doesn't want
to be ugly I'm putting on my neck
because yes I know it's not my shade but
we're gonna pretend that it is okay okay
so next I asked you guys whoever I got
to wear concealer or not and I gave you
the options everywhere just under my
eyes or none what do you want separated
everywhere 54% voted just under the eyes
which means I guess we're gonna go with
that one mmm that's not great
that makes them white I have very dry
skin so it means it's kind of patchy in
places like here it's like dark and like
here for example and also I have very
veiny over eyes awesome
okay care of eyelids I can't cover them
up which is good pain Oh brush makes
Peter wow I came prepared he's gonna
take such a long time AB dab dab dab dab
that's such an old joke your words how
are you doing this can't be good
okay okay next I asked you guys what I
could do with my eyebrows and I gave you
the option of the anastasia dipbrow
thing just better shadows or none hmm
thank God you guys chosen it bro really
have my back there let's go I feel like
you have semi talent when it comes to
eyebrows that's quite cool isn't it I
don't know I'm not good at much so I'm
quite easily impressed when I do
something right but I don't know I think
that's pretty cool beauty gurus come at
me I'll fight you get in the ring in my
last video I are guys like what youtuber
you'd like to see me fight and like you
can say well a star boxing match and I'm
still genuinely curious so leave your
comments leave some names down below and
maybe of course why do you like that
why yeah where are my features yeah it's
okay good bye
okay that was weird so I asked you if I
should wear highlight or not and I asked
you where I should put it 7% voted for
now
53% voted for just cheekbones and 40%
voted for the whole face so I guess I'm
just putting it here on my cheekbone
I like this one physics green it's very
listed so myself
I know this new trick if you use a
little tiny brush and then do that it
makes it look so crazy about me seeker
is to stop it this is like 600 BC I'm
here acting like a tiny brushes
revolutionary okay next stop is where it
gets more interesting I also shoot if I
shoot contour where's my head down there
I don't overwhelming amount of you said
I should fall contour and bronze
I'm just get four let's do it I feel
like these steps are so backwards but
whatever I'm not good at this I'm not
good at making it not look like mud
already looks like mud cool I have no
idea what I'm doing I just kind of do
this thing where I just rub it until it
works that doesn't sound right
I just think I kind of put mud on my
face just not really what he is it you
also said you wanted me to bronze my
whole face just get into it
then I asked if I got to do blush it was
pretty 5050 but most of you said yeah I
don't usually do this because I think
it's kind of up in unnecessary 'm makes
me look embarrassed but i don't get
backed by anything I'm perfect I can do
what I want okay here's where it gets
interesting and I'm kind of scared
please drop a like down below if you
think I'm gonna succeed of this next
step I asked you guys if I should do
eyeshadow and I said I either have to do
know my shadow or use every color I have
this is gonna be interesting because I
didn't want to bring a bunch of makeup
away with me so I only bought one
palette so I decided to bring in the
most versatile palette I have I just
drop my phone it's a spectrum it's a
spectrum
I do not own what on my eyeballs that
sentence didn't happen right okay maybe
we can go from like light to dark work
our way down the palette on top we can
put the glitters well Carrie you're not
being done for once who's good make it a
billion times more interesting I only
have two eyeshadow brushes and I copied
it angled ones which are kind of used up
so whatever so firstly I'm gonna go I'm
gonna grab the white I like the whole
point is challenges I have to kind of
create an actual possible makeup look
which you know I shrug along I'm a
regular day I mean you start coming out
I didn't do anything so yeah this is
very um interesting or just kind of sit
SiC why do they do this get forever
the red area that means no and again
we're just gonna yeah all this is this
is humiliating
making dust everywhere drowning maitake
face I'm gonna go down this gentleman
like dark red area and just hope for the
best and it's gonna be here for six
years by the time I'm done this Kylie
Jenner would have announced her
pregnancy oh wait she did say anyone
else shook by kylie jenner's pregnancy
announcement like i knew that we all
knew she was pregnant like I never
thought that she would actually say yeah
I just thought she'd ignore it forever
okay next the glitter colors that's kind
of cool and obviously I have no idea how
I'm gonna do whatever I just don't care
anymore that is an interesting color and
that's all I have to say about it
I can't leave actually acontece sure I
didn't actually think I'd be able to do
that it's generally for that it's gonna
take 7,000 years I gave you guys some
options and you guys decided that I was
going to lay out every lipstick that I
have and to be quite honest I didn't
bring that much with me we're gonna use
this Kylie lip liner in ginger actually
so sure that she didn't name her baby
after a lip kit but no doubt will there
be baby flavored lip kits now we're
gonna grab the lightest one first shot
like all my bras this is the one I am
wearing all you can't understand me and
ek I think I don't know the color things
gone well it smells nice um I finally
I'm gonna top it off with this applause
I hate it just feels here and I asked
you guys if I deserved powder to set
this all for look not like I want at
second place and she said yeah so thanks
but was there like no Fang
I don't even know I'm doing any more I'm
just rubbing things on my face
I'm nervous Cora which you guys
thankfully said I could have but I don't
really think anything fixing this at
this rate so this was interesting you
know what I don't think I look totally
hideous
I passed as a human being barely but
this was this was a very interesting
concept let me know if you guys really
like this video if you guys want me to
let you control a novice but aspect of
my life soon
maybe my cloves maybe what I do
I don't know please be nice the next
time leave a comment down below about
the match and and thumbs up if you want
me to drop this ASAP and for super cheap
and if you want me to make it over video
like this again or if you just like the
video just do it I can't believe Avenue
YouTube like over again now I still
don't have an outro but like whatever
goodbye
