I just can't handle this anymore I just
don't get it why is it why does it have
to be like this
I just like more than anything I wanted
to go back to like how it used to be
here I'm done I'm done I'm done
hi what's up what's Gucci has a hang in
Kiera back at it again with low-quality
videos you know what it's the content
that counts said no one ever
hi ha how are you doing today is another
part of my series that you guys all seem
to like a bit too much and I don't
really have anything to say in the intro
of this videos let's get our devices
together and react to some good old
memes but while I'm on said device I
have something I'd like to share with
you best things thanks that means for
sponsoring this video it's a free puzzle
adventure game where you collect cute
fiends and match same colored objects to
defeat slugs those dance slugs this
month if like me you don't have any
plans for Valentine's Day you can play
the Valentine's Day challenge to win
massive prizes including a new character
Rose the orchid mantis and the best
thing about this game is you can even
play without Wi-Fi download the game for
free using my link below get five
dollars worth of golden diamonds for
free and remember it's like best friends
without the are best fiends no seriously
though it's like a great game download
link below ok so let's get on with it oh
yeah this time I took to Reddit to find
some memes because everyone said that my
Instagram memes were too bland I agree
but the thing is when you're making mean
videos is you need to be able to make
them relatable to everyone and what I've
learned with my interaction with humans
over my 17 years alive on planet Earth
is that most people are stupid so you
kind of find yourself having to cater
towards those people may not understand
actual memes but you know what I'm done
with trying to cater to those people if
you have a low IQ well you better go and
heighten it because only men serve
members are allowed to watch this video
yep I'm part of that I didn't drop out
of school anyway let's proceed I
actually found this one so relatable
I sent news to one of my friends we're
used to saying Bleeding Love by Leona
Lewis on this way karaoke
in like 2007 you'd connect to the TV and
wow we were getting such heated
arguments about this here is an actual
text message sent me after this
conversation took place at nine years
old I'd never really spoken to a boy
before
however this song had a deep place in my
soul I was serenading my future husband
and he didn't know about it yeah I had a
lot of fantasies about Zac Efron in
those Musical anyway so how's being an
adult I I surrender I'm cold
please feed me I relate to this one I
keep saying this I'm you're probably
really bored of me keep saying I'm 18 in
10 months I'm not ready for that
you know what I've decided we're going
back two years on my 18th birthday my
18th birthday it will officially be my
16th birthday right now I am 15 I have
decided that I'm 15 I don't want to be
this age anymore I don't like it
I feel like other people who are 17 are
much older than me and they all like
know how to do things and the old like
going get lit all the time and I just
sit in my room and I react to memes this
is a great Bitcoin meme people who
invest in Bitcoin and tweet about it are
the most pretentious people ever I'm
sorry
hasn't Bitcoin being all over your
Twitter timeline recently have had not
infuriated you all of the sudden
everyone's a stock broker money isn't
free it frustrates me so much hi I'm
Bitcoin I'm like coin I had four times
faster than you and my fees are tiny
compared to yours that doesn't matter
I have the first move advance hi I'm
Bitcoin I'm that coin I'm actually I
don't know what that word is resistive
which means I'm not beholden to the
interests of powerful miners like you
are that sounds nice however I have the
first mover advantage
I am Bitcoin I'm very blocks I have zero
feeds and incredibly fast transaction
times I'm also a sneak resistant
I don't even require mining I require
mining sorry I have the first mover
advantage hi a Bitcoin huh I'm gonna
coin I am a mean
I feel like only me that finds that
funny yeah is that me
there's the bad here it's a good here's
the bad that isn't the good and here's
good but is in the bad here is life
here's me I'd like to think I'm a good
person right this rap video it's been
everywhere and no one will believe me
when I tell them I used our pet rats
that died they're dead now rare footage
of Master Splinter showering new
surfaces so funny he have class
he gives sass but most importantly he's
screaming out me it's not me you say
it's me what is this what is this what
is this what is this what is this I
don't want that on my face that's what
you said because you can't say Frick
bitches get money in the yearbook
disregard females acquire currency my
yearbook quote actually made some people
really angry at hilarious I mean it was
just sarcasm some people couldn't handle
that a lot of people if you've ever
watched my like I was 32 being a
youtuber story times a lot of people at
my school just hated me because I'd like
existed so I decided to make my yearbook
quote something though just annoy the
hell of everyone one day when I'm famous
you can tell your friends you're at
school of me that is a sweet meme just
because you don't look like somebody who
you think is attractive doesn't mean you
aren't attractive showers are pretty but
so Christmas lights and they look
nothing alike
love yourself kids no one else is going
to Omega moving on when your friends are
hot in your who urges you personally I
think the middle dogs the best-looking
dog me nice car friend
yeah like 400 horsepower me that's like
7,000 dogs
friend what me what he would win 400
horses Oh 1 million one hundred thirty
nine eight hundred forty four point
ninety two ducks I'm gonna go to the
dogs
I like this mean one I think it's very
relatable because I think a lot about
how I miss the simpleton times how I
missed 2013 when in reality I wasn't
doing anything different in
Burdine I just aged a little bit of my
boobs have just gone the tiniest bit
bigger and I've put on a lot of weight
and I've disappointed my parents but
engage a human's ready for contact with
us let's judge them by their perception
of us Hey Oh meow I can't even read
these you just have to look at it but at
7:00 a.m. and you're still playing your
mom comes in this brings me back to the
minecraft days might be our talking to
my friends in America building or
faction through 7:00 a.m. my mom will
come in in the morning show oh hey Kara
good morning and I'm just like good
night every time a new meme comes out
and I don't find it funny a lot of
people had this problem with my other
means in the mumps video that they were
to like nor me but you have to cater to
stupid people I felt that way with the
do you not the way meme I didn't get
that anyone else get that how it feels
being 20 days into 2018 and the
government shuts down hmm does something
racist 94 thousand eight hundred and
twenty eight meme formats died local
pool films their body and Tide Pods are
locked up everywhere what's up with Tide
Pods Adam and Eve sharing the food
building fruit colorized oh my god it's
a tripod it's a Thai pod okay friends
Tydfil challenge me nah I'm gonna vape
outside I am this close to punching at
ipod right now number play the chemical
equation for glucose the car is called a
cube this is a giant show you when you
taking a bar from realize you didn't
take your sucks up I always get in the
bath and then realized that my bra still
on which isn't that bad because it's
like your top half of me but it's just
like really degrading it's like really
losing my touch the human being when you
make a satirical poetry for people would
enjoy the instead the comment section
turns into a political war zone make a
comment about a dog on Instagram the
other day people weren't happy about
that I realized I've given no context
but I don't want to because I don't get
hacked again the combination of the
colors red and yellow makes people
hungry communism isn't a joke but you
know what is even a worse job type right
I don't get it that's it that's it and
you think tripods are so cool I'll show
you what's cool I really feel like I'm
missing out on his whole type odd thing
like
I'm ready just to understand do they
taste fruity and delicious I didn't know
guess we're gonna have to go find out
coming with me yeah don't ask what is a
salsa shut up we're tight boys where are
they anyways - sup I know you have them
I'll be back
I can't bind the Tide Pods I guess I'll
just have to drink this instead we
didn't have any I'm gonna wash your
mouth out with soap I'm done I'm done
look at my bar breathe breathe all my
friends are getting married having
families getting promotions traveling
and then there's me who's me miss funny
and all of my life twice has flashed
right in front of my eyes as I realized
that that mean is me and I should
probably stop doing this now
okay thanks never card oh I don't know
I'm saying please subscribe to my
channel if you can't tell I'm having a
mental breakdown um I might be getting a
P o box soon please don't send Tide Pods
to her okay bye
you
