Wow Wow let me try this on my cheeks
home oh my god so I have some like
redness here let's see if it comes up
hmm
hi Kyra why do you look so unbelievably
clapped well kids I always do god I look
especially crusty today because I'm
bringing back something I used to do all
the time I haven't done in forever and
that is a weird embarrassing cringy
attempt doing makeup every time I try to
do this it doesn't work it never turns
out all right but maybe today maybe
today is a day that I will get some
talent
probably not but here goes if you
haven't subscribed to my channel even if
it's just a pity subscribe because look
at my face press that red button down
below it that side of that I don't know
and also give it I don't know why scream
I thought that they would give it more
energy and maybe you'd be more like
empowered to subscribe or something yeah
either crusty I feel crusty but I guess
let's just get on with the videos get
the hair out of my face I like this it
makes me like a pineapple great so hmm
today I'm gonna be doing something that
I surprisingly haven't done yet and
that's the full face of makeup just
using eyeshadow challenge here's all my
eyeshadows and what I'm gonna be doing
with them today is putting them on my
why am i speaking like this I'm gonna be
trying to create something mildly
beautiful than mildly resembles makeup
which honestly probably won't look too
far from my regular makeup skills
because I am terrible at makeup like
when I wear makeup and when I don't wear
makeup there's really not that much of a
difference in my face because I just
look gross all the time because I'm not
good at it I don't even know why I
bother I'm depressed already let's go
okay to start off with I think I have to
cut too close to my neck I have to find
a color that kind of resembles
foundation let's get some foundation
let's put it on my hand science 101 how
to do science oh yeah so I put that
there and now let's go into this palette
hmm okay ask this color from this
palette I'm so descriptive yeah way to
use the names these even have names
don't think these have names
great the last time I used this palette
in a video the girl who actually like
created
palek commented on the video I'm so
sorry if I degraded your palate names
this one from Naked palette it's kind of
too dark I've lost it I feel we just
gonna go with the middle one yeah let's
just not overcomplicate this so I'm just
gonna dip this into the eyeshadow like
now I'm gonna paint it onto my face
that's not doing anything this is gonna
take a really long time
wow I'm so incompetent why am I doing
this I really can't tell if this is
actually doing something or not it's
masking my face in dust ever so slightly
in a very translucent dust that is very
very close to my natural shade I'm not
really entirely sure what's happening /
if this is working it's always worth a
shot oh that I have to do the whole
other side of this face great wait let's
this is a good test so I have something
like redness here I don't really know
why I don't if you can see it I see if
it covers it up hmm maybe it's doing
something then I don't know I'm not even
good at actual makeup I don't even know
why for I'd be able to review these kind
of techniques genuinely I'm having fun I
never make youtube videos for any other
reason that isn't fun because if I
didn't have a channel this is the kind
of thing that I would be sitting around
in my bedroom doing anyway I just get to
share it with hundreds of thousands of
people which is just great addicted to
wrong color just made my incredibly
patchy uneven skintone much more patchy
and uneven than it already was can you
tell why don't sleep okay well I mean
something okay so next we're gonna
brighten up and we're gonna go in with
the same palette and my god it's me
there's two Me's you don't need to means
I'm gonna go over the same palette I'm
gonna go in this white shade oh by the
way keep you updated my camera is still
nowhere near me I'm still on my phone
and this is what my setup looks like
right now I shouldn't be allowed a
YouTube channel honestly Kobe's got
actually watching this we're gonna put
the white here and let's see what
happens I don't know it's almost like
translucent powder but like white we
never get a new palette after this
because the whites like my favorite
shade in this palette for some reason I
used so much more of it in any other
color why do I look so stoned
let's just put late some highlight
here great I've ruined put some of the
dark stuff back over again next I'm
gonna get a gonna get a contour brush I
think that's what is anyway and I'm
gonna stay in actually not gonna move
palette going to go into this naked
urban decay one because the shades are
very cool and a beauty guru once told me
that when you're pondering use cool
tones to create the effect of a shadow
or something like no I'm saying wait let
me just I'm just gonna dip into this one
right here I got a little bit of this
one Oh pigmented I've no idea what I've
just done kill me okay that was
interesting where's the saving brush I
don't find it but I have this one brush
and you rub it on stuff and it just
fixes everything you rub this on
whatever you want not that on your face
and it just fixes everything so some
things can't be fixed for a great
contour honestly now I'm gonna get same
and I'm gonna do my nose cool
why don't even go from there I'm gonna
grab this big fluffy thing and wear some
warm colors I'm gonna go into here and
grab these warmer tone ones I'm gonna
put them around here like what's it
called bronzer why I've learned if I
show there was a lot more pigmented than
actual makeup for a reason okay
didn't work next I'm really losing faith
already I'm gonna grab this I'm gonna
put it in here at this palette and then
see what happens
ah nothing cool it's exactly what I
expected okay nothing again let's try
something who's put it in these two
colors of this one even though there's
nothing in that see if this does
something ah I mean it sparkles slightly
to an extent oh oh it did something okay
cool
now I'm gonna get a smaller brush this
one I lost and I'm recently rediscovered
this one recently I was so happy yes my
name is Karen I don't clean any of my
brushes for iPhone with videos showing
them to everyone know everyone could you
see my face duh I'm gonna dip it into
this one why am i acting like this is an
actual makeup tutorial that you care
like yeah of course you care what I
shadow you can use you can see
your blemishes with that looks kind of
sparkly I'm also gonna put it here
Wow Wow let me try this on my cheeks
hold on oh my god okay I'm getting
carried away maybe it just needed to be
more concentrated like juice on the
subject of juice it's on this angle it
looks like poop but from this angle it
looks great so moving on your next up
what's next blush I feel like I'm doing
makeup backwards today blush I'm gonna
roughly do this in the general pink it's
tap that off because we know how
pigmented eyeshadow is kids and you're
way too much cool I mean at least it
means a good eyeshadow right at least it
means they serve their actual purpose
and not that fake purpose I don't think
any of these products are bad because
they're not working as foundation that's
like eating bread and being like oh it
doesn't taste like oranges I don't like
it okay eyebrows gonna get this eyebrow
brush this shade right here I actually
used to use for my eyebrows so I'm gonna
do that however my hair was blonde when
I used to do that I don't know if that's
gonna work out oh my god I just dropped
everything okay so that's gonna work out
anymore I guess it kind of is my
eyebrows don't look that great but
that's fine actual eye shadow now let's
do something adventurous it's probably a
bad idea I'm eating like my favorite one
I'm gonna get this one and I'm gonna
grab that color right there and then
just you that oh yeah that's what you do
a makeup put it down and hope for the
best and then you do the same thing to
the other eye because why would you do a
different thing oh yeah that's the kind
of thing I'd do cuz I'm stupid I want to
go back to my old I shadow look because
I really miss doing it this is the best
orange of all time nothing will ever
compete with extra bitter like me like
all of my ex friends at my success like
everyone who's ever tried to bring me
down but they can't handle that I'm
perfect and they're not like I'm sorry
I'm rich and you're not that's not true
great oh my god how else we'd be
adventurous dude let's do some eyeliner
I'm actually quite impressed with myself
oh you do weird like blondie thing to
make it and then let's see if I can do
one of little flick things I'm probably
gonna ruin it on it yeah go up it
carried away and looks kind of ugly but
they're two different angles and it's
smudge that's fine nothing defines
Beauty how am I gonna do mascara I just
my finger and some black eyeshadow and
then good job Cara let's stop that next
lipstick I've no idea how I'm gonna do
this hit my finger in art and then hope
for the best
okay tell me why is that really pretty
tell me why does that look really good
I'm feel really nice should we go one
step further from Verona yeah we should
under make it into a metallic lipstick
oh yeah oh my god it's not ruining it
for once
now that's crazy wowza you know what I
don't really know what this video was I
don't really know what the purpose was
of this Eva but could this pass for real
makeup it's not that bad this looks kind
of hideous this looks kind of hideous
but that's just my bad skills my
eyebrows don't really match again my bad
skills but the actual light eyeshadow it
kind of worked
lipstick tell me why I like that I don't
get it do you get a foundation I mean it
it's there but it's like also not ten
out of ten wouldn't do it again ten out
of ten wouldn't recommend for a friend
however it was a good adventure I don't
really know what else to say pop from
subscribe my youtube channel or Die give
this video a thumbs up comment down
below something and I don't really know
what else to say okay goodbye
