hi what's up what's hanging what's
doochie what's whatever you know what
I'm saying anyway hi what's up yeah I'm
still filming on my phone if you didn't
know I left my camera somewhere else but
the quality isn't that bad so I hope
you're okay this I hope you okay with me
I feel like I've really gone back to my
roots I feel like I've really gone back
to 2014 YouTube right now and it's crazy
and I've always kind of said that I've
always wanted my child to feel like if
someone was like bored of like how old
crazy and like commercialize that
YouTube's got nowadays and like how
over-the-top and like it is this is like
a cool place for you to commonly
experience many years ago when World
Peace was in fact a fitting wow it's so
cute but anyway what's up okay
dis track this tracks were by far my
favorite youtube trend I don't care what
you say I thought it was great I thought
it was like really creative in a way I
didn't though it was just really
entertaining to watch it probably wasn't
entertaining for the person on the
receiving end there although it kind of
meant a good few million views like
guarantee I got really heavily invested
into this track brand on YouTube in 2017
and I thought I'd share my favorite ones
of you today and rank them from best to
worst so here we go just a little
disclaimer we're putting the
personalities in every face side today
today is about the music for example
Logan Poole he filmed a dead body in a
forest appalling disgraceful however we
cannot deny his musical ability even
though it was gross written and produced
by definitely not him there's gondola so
number 10 on my list is the end of mum
by morgues
I mean it's not very good is it comma
Morgan your mum is very nice she's very
lovely she's being great to me and
roasting her like that it was a bit mean
like we get it you're 16 and you've
accomplished what most 40 year olds are
still trying to do but to rub it in your
own mother's face it's just appalling
it's disgraceful however and I may be
slightly biased here I always felt that
he looked kind of attractive in the
video there's that and that's why it is
number 10 on my list number 10 meaning
the worst on my list
okay that was out the way number nine we
have JMX is Jessica rose district just
make sure you thank me for your folk
again one three four five six um it came
from
now when I first heard this I didn't
know who Jessica Rose is kind of like
one of those who rather than people that
went on love Island then got famous for
like having tits or something I don't
really know but for some reason I just
thought this song was like so catchy I
know all of the words through it I can
rap okay ready Jay you know what I mean
that play on like twenty-one savage I
just think it's a great song really went
in you really showed her genuinely had
an impact like her Instagram comment
what just snakes I felt like it was
almost as bad as the Taylor Swift
boycott when everyone comes and sinks on
all of her stuff that's just my opinion
let me know what you think about it in
the comments below I should be a music
producer I'm basically Simon Cowell now
number eight on the list we have
nobody's been Denis now when I first
heard this I didn't know that nobody was
skydoesminecraft
crazy it's just a can side dish track I
didn't really know that I well it's less
heard it I thought it was a song and I
think that's a good thing because even
if you're not into like the beef between
skydoesminecraft and ksi and you can
still listen to this song and appreciate
its musical value I think he's trying to
become a musician he has this song
called anti light it's really good I'm
genuinely I think this dude is just
really good at music and even if he's
not that good at music and if it never
takes off he was literally
skydoesminecraft like he's so rich so
the fact that he's just like making this
out of passion and probably not any game
I don't know it really made me
appreciate this track anyway next up on
the list we have two birds one stone by
Kerr side the note of two birds that are
birds outside and they're being so
annoying go away can you please stop
partly contemplating killing them with
many stones a gun
let the people oh no I wanna pop a
delegate
boy when I play again at the top you
will triple 6 with the crucifix two
birds one stone I was really smart I
felt like the whole let's take out Harry
and let's take out Joe at the same time
that was crazy and he really went in the
sidemen distracts well they they like
went in you know I mean they like really
beefed each other they really like I
thought that was kind of mad mad you go
friend ball heads mad I didn't know if
the actual song was just really good I
don't really care about it
yeah number six on the list we have
Wolfie raps check the statistics
statistics micro higher than yours did
you know I feel like this one does
deserve to be higher up on the list but
it's kind of new and it wasn't really
posted when the district hike puts of
things I took that factor into account
and pushed it down on my list it's
really smart like the lyrics are just
really small it's like such a book and
it's like a genuine song it's like a
diss track you could listen as a genuine
song however it was a bit flexi it was a
bit like it was to cloud gaming but um
it was great I didn't say that out loud
next up number five we have the fall of
Jake poor little brother jakey no no I
fell in love with his song like when it
first came out before I can film did
that body okay just take this into
account the fact that he filmed a dead
body doesn't make this song bad I don't
know I thought it was really good I know
all the words to her the second verse
Wow and you've got to admit that
broadsky he was small he uploaded the
diss track he's the second verse for
about 10,000 years probably generated
like 200 million views doing that in the
process and then dropped the second
verse and then dropped it as a full song
he's so rich that's so many views you
know that was a really smart move and
the second verse was as good as
anticipated know since the whole filming
their body thing I guess I kind of had
to push it down a little bit there's
that next up at number 4 we have rice
gums it's every night sis like it
ain't nobody ever been when I see rot my
curiosity this was just a genius
response it's everyday bro like it's
every night thirst you get it like
opposites but I genuinely thought like
the lyrics are really good to this song
and they gonna make another video about
who's a better kisser Wow
I applaud you on that line that that was
a really great line did anyone else find
it kind of creepy how Jake pulls dad
kisses the same girls as his son I don't
know I love great Paul gotta take my hat
off to great Paul I need to put I don't
if I had a hat I would take it off in
respective Gregg pool I don't think I
would actually I don't know how I feel
about that this was like one of the
first fish tracks I saw where they went
deep penetrating and they actually like
exposed each other which was crazy
anything to do that and it was just
funny to watch like mad you got from
forehead back yeah I don't know I just
thought that was I was shook by it I was
a fool it was really great and Jay G
does a little at the end of it you know
like that that he does and it's like
really cute as they are today so there's
that
second on the list we have Asian Jake
pool by I Dobbs I wanna be gay cuz
you're fucked and I want to savor it
cool no one is really really gone in on
Rights gone before idubbbz dead i think
everyone was shook by the content copied
and everyone was shook by the music
video it was a really smart move he
literally has one of the most viewed
diss tracks there's a whole genre on
youtube with minecraft parodies of songs
I'm right at the end of Asian Jay Paul
he says please feel free to use this
beat to make a minecraft parody there's
so many Michael carries out there
I love minecraft parodies leave a like
down below if you want me to make a
minecraft parody I don't know it's crazy
and then finally at the top of the list
my absolute favorite ones ksi Starks by
Road sure
shit Wow definitely not biased because
Harry's like super cute but this like
went in more than any other dish track I
respect that it must have taken some fat
balls or small balls if you see in the
picture but yeah I thought it was really
good opening line
realistically creatures I just thought
the actual song was great the beat was
good because it wasn't like the
stereotypical into everyone else having
to back their diss tracks like the grime
Lee rap like hip-hop beat I just really
appreciate that one
this was the weirdest video I've ever
filmed I really thought that I had to
get out there my love of this tracks
I really don't want the diss track trend
to die I really wanted to come back I
wanted to make revival in 2018 I don't
know how anyone else feels about it yeah
they were bad but they were fun to
listen to
I don't know subscribe down below for a
free Pokemon card and I don't know what
this means and have a good day subscribe
what's this video about yeah like
another bye
you
