I I need to address a situation with me
and Morgan so today I'm doggin me doing
a day and I'm gonna be doing a lot of
exciting things today um lots of that
stuff involves dogs but before I get
into it I'm going to sit down here for a
long time and I'm gonna whip out the
Nintendo switch I'm gonna play a nice
humble game of Mario Kart even though I
lose every single time I don't think
I've ever come first I stopped fighting
over by humble wrongs okay oh my god on
the subject of Lego I haven't really
fucking show this vlog so me go over
here everything's our birthday I mean
Christmas
it was my Christmas it was his Christmas
he is thumbs up hey hey hey hey look at
me and I thought well let's get him a
Lego set so we both like born over
minecraft every now and then so I
thought why not get a Minecraft ogre set
so I'm gonna take you on a tour of the
Minecraft Lego set get ready yo eat Jake
cool vlog number 87 everybody get ready
this bond is gonna be super lit honestly
they're gonna do so many lit stuff in
this blog I get your blog belts on it's
gonna be lit it's gonna be so lit that
is the blog it was with hope you enjoyed
anyway doesn't this Lego set just kind
of look like fight song from Toy Story
like it looks like it comes alive when
you're sleeping can you shut up hydrate
another time of fat so over here we have
IP this is a jungle tree right that's a
vine that's so cool
by the way when fine - coming I'm so
ready for us and I think this is either
mushroom or which Hut I'm not sure if I
can show you my floor you could break
yeah put that together specifically
thank you I will whip out my diamond
sword and impale it into anus here's a
little villager guy I'm joining him my
villager impression sounds like Jake
Paul didn't show so hi Phil I haven't
really explained what I'm gonna be doing
today and that's kind of for a reason so
I kinda want to surprise you because I
love being surprised to puppies oh fuck
told you what I'm doing okay well I'm
gonna go clear some puppies
maybe they'll end up getting one who
knows so they do not guess that is what
I'm doing in the book today let's give
you an outfit check oh my gosh so here
this is my hat oh this is my new Jesus
necklace I just bought so I can have
Jesus on me all times good boy I need
Jesus oh it's got Jesus there's what
some dude here and that's what Jesus
again there are my boobs
JK walk boobs this is a black fest I got
it for Christmas my mom got it for me
these are adidas black leggings there is
a hole in the bar don't know if you can
see that yep
this is a coat like everything's act
really know how does it explain that and
these are grey socks and they've got
shiny bits at the top like oh they I
don't really know how to say like this
is what I'm wearing this is what I'm
doing I look a bit claps but let's go so
pop over here someone hadn't cared
because chopped-up you're out man
anymore you're a little boy I need to
nail for a while but I missed him
you miss me you get any better yeah it's
a yeah
wow they taste good yes what we would
say okay good right oh my god
like a salt bath hey what's up that's
just a boy love me what a shame
well for some reason there is snow okay
the outside man
what you fuck made of Joe Martin
you've got a really really bad bad bit
of hair on there this just balls not
fins on there you make me want to give
you some of my hair full on there
your head looks like a square it's got
fat wrinkles up there why this was like
a dr. dark all looks like the crossword
because she uploads it costs us on your
wrinkly bald head with my hand
there is
look at dog is a dog what's up hi um
yeah I'm voguing on my phone whatever
just go over I know I've gone back in
time and we in the Stone Age Cara what
and he's my friend focuses I really need
new camera but I for a youtuber I don't
know that much about cameras I'm kind of
clueless about it so I don't really know
see about that
peace out anyway at least my phone
focuses my camera doesn't but we just
went to the RSPCA dog shelter and I
don't know why originally Morgan's mum
went there so she could like donate a
couple of old like dog coats and toys
and stuff but then I was like yo I love
animals let's go but I didn't realize
how sad it was gonna because I thought
oh let's just go there and play with
some doggies and they showed them but
then I realized after playing for
doggies I have to go and then I have to
leave the doggies and the doggies are
there alone forever
hopefully not forever yeah so I won't
really sound like really attach this one
husky and she just kept crying I don't
like your people gripe
it's a dog and I love dogs so it's sad
um yeah I mean there was that I have a
dog called Sherlock his Instagram is
right here you can follow it
hit 5,000 followers however um I bought
Sherlock from a puppy and a lot of the
time when I have a pair I have to buy it
like from a baby because it's really
hard to find Charles breed I guess I
just kind of rare because he's
hypoallergenic and I'm obviously
allergic to cats and dogs that shed so I
have to like get hypoallergenic ones
because then I'm less allergic to it and
my mom is like more allergic than me and
she like pretty much looks after it
feeds it walks it and does all the stuff
that I should be doing so yeah um but if
you don't have any allergy requirements
and there's a dog shelter near you
please go and rescue the dog please
don't buy them from puppies if you're
thinking about getting a dog and there's
a dog place near you when I stay giving
away dogs that have not homes
adopt don't shop please I'd never used
to think that before today like I went
there and I saw these dogs I saw how sad
they were and like how much they craved
human attention how happy they were like
a few minutes she was choking them and
I'm very much of a mindset that boy we
have to take all of these dogs and we
have to take them home can you please
make me rich YouTube already because I'm
not gonna spend all my money being a
hike beast you know that I just want to
open like a dog shelter or something and
just like take all of the dogs and keep
them in my house and take care of them
forever but that requires space so let's
get this to 10 million views and then
I'll and think about opening a dog house
with the ad revenue I'm really rambling
right now part I'm really sad but yeah I
guess I kind of had to give that speech
whatever I just had a bath and I bought
in this bathroom from nosh it was black
so I picked it up cuz that seemed
interesting cuz I've seen black one
before and apparently it's a jelly bath
bomb that was really strange it left
with gloopy slime stuff I felt like I
was in a slime bar challenge video
mortu yeah so that's so where they just
said your name when you walked in I just
said your name when you walk - um okay I
guess I have to update the blog on some
stuff in a minute involving this one but
let's go do some fun stuff bye so I said
we'd do something fun however I'm back
now well I kind of almost fell asleep on
the table so yeah that was great
it wasn't great um I looked at can you
see this from my eyes I don't really
sleep anymore this is such a problem
honestly is it's embarrassing so I guess
I'm just gonna say what I needed to say
now because otherwise I'm gonna fall
asleep then I'm gonna forget and then
this video is never gonna get up so okay
he goes I I need to address the
situation with me and Morgan there is a
lot of speculation around things a lot
of speculation around our relationship
as such and I made that video saying
that you know we decided to take a break
like we were just taking a break like we
just needed some time away from each
other that's all it was and but since
then you know it kind of like escalated
and we just sort of decided to just be
friends because I mean even though we
were in a relationship we were kind of
friends before anything anyway and with
the internet and with everything
relationships can be like very
complicated and there's just like a lot
of different elements to it
it wasn't it it's never really anything
to do with us but we we just really
enjoy being together we really enjoy
filming - you were working together and
the relationship aspect of it isn't like
that big of us we just like it's not a
massive deal we just like being friends
usually like being with each other but
like not have it labeled out there that
we're more than that that you know like
Morgan and carer thing um we just really
like spending time with each other and
we both like kind of have a connection
actually trust each other and for me
that is everything and I'm never really
the kind of person enjoys having a
mastered friendship group I'd rather
just have like one friend one person
near me like who I just trust
indefinitely that I said I'm T is that
person and actually relationship just to
complicate so I'm not ruling anything
out because I mean we know how we feel
about each other and that doesn't go
away but I guess the relationship aspect
of our relationship doesn't really
matter to either of us right now and
that's fine I guess I'll keep updates in
the future but it's all irrelevant so
that's it really
there's been a lot of rumors and
speculations and I just haven't
addressed it for various reasons because
I feel like it didn't need to be
addressed or didn't deserve the
attention but I mean I couldn't this
visit like an authentic responses this
is what's happening with us you'll see
it in videos so I mean I don't I don't
really know else to say about it that's
that I don't really like being serious
so yeah anyway I think here this is my
bin Mike I can't speak channel make sure
you subscribe and press subscribe button
down below and make sure you follow me
on all of my social media I don't really
know what else to say leave a comment
down below also should I adopt a dog
please let me know ok x.now kebab
