hi what how's it hanging welcome back to
my channel and can I just say no I just
have the biggest needs you've ever seen
if you may actually never just came out
I was found hanging today's video it's
gonna be slightly special and that is
because it's gonna be a bit dirtier than
usual and you may be thinking Carrie you
make the most vulgar horrific content in
the whole history of YouTube how do you
make any money and I'd say you're right
but today we're gonna step it up a notch
if I wasn't demonetised enough that's
just too sure my chances of being
financially stable out the window and
make the dirtiest video and possibly
think of so I mean yeah so today we're
gonna test your brains and see if you're
as innocent as me we're gonna take a
couple of tests to see if you are a pure
virgin mary' angel just like me and
don't know what boob looks like if
you're a child please go away you're
gonna see some disturbing things today
and that just made you want to stay even
more if you haven't subscribed to me
already please feel free to little
subscribe button there and if you press
it I mean that's really cool and then
hit the thumbs up button if you think
wow this was funny okay let's take some
tests so first one do you have a dirty
mind okay I I'm I'm no of course I don't
what can't game
which of these numbers makes you chuckle
the most well boy I don't know about you
but 25 that's really guess I mean the
two girs girl jaqen hey I just took a
trip to beautiful lake titi kaka cool
I've always wanted South America
no Elias ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh Kiki car
car um this is really weird because I
could never fool about going to South
America but also at the same time this
wasn't funny so I don't really know what
to say but titty and that's I guess how
oh my gosh sure if there's a daddy photo
that's a fetus is this a daddy photo -
no yuck I'm not dirty dogs and the
purest innocent sweetest loveliest being
from the whole walk he also kind of
cleans heads a bellend so yeah what do
you see Brits in the sky your Lion King
be honest oh my god I've read totally
into the Disney conspiracy theories but
these little sexual Easter eggs they put
into their
and that definitely says sex is a priest
in the Little Mermaid and little too
excited about this wedding
don't you mean a little too excited
because it's kind of small I'm gonna go
for nother on ad I'll skip this which
city do you think sounds dirty
Beijing Barcelona Basel I've no idea
what that is any of you from Basel leave
a comment down below if you're from base
and Bangkok oh yeah well I don't get
much of that as you can imagine but
Bangkok Free Willy is a name of her oh
my gosh out someone about the dolphin
isn't that um I'm gonna do every kid's
movie complete this wheel of fortune
puzzle penis choose a cocktail please
the questions Funyuns so fuzzy navel my
tie sex on the beach and screwdriver um
I'm gonna have sex on the beach because
it has one of those charities and I
really like those which one of these
dating apps you most likely to try oh my
gosh it's gonna make me download
something isn't it um let's go for
tinder because that's what we can't see
using can you turn this lamp on you can
turn my lamp on these three turn the
lamp off see it's not that fun when the
lamps or lamp stays on um sure thing ads
you are amateur all the time yes so you
have a dirty mind didn't really need
this quizzes etc et-cetera et-cetera so
it judging me essentially slut-shaming
isn't fun was up of her face why does
she look like that why does she have a
dirty mind is because she's get into
action because she makes faces like this
I'm being so meaning to go away 23
harmless pictures that prove you have a
dirty mind
okay sure BuzzFeed quizzes are great for
analyzing your brain but okay these two
best friends hanging out at the bar
she's fisting her this delicious sky
road I guess you could call a chicken
guy no this really this prayer book okay
Jesus doesn't deserve this we're moving
on these candy wrappers the cherry ones
oh wow this convenient shower attachment
if you're busted nuts like that you need
to go see a doctor
these just love it
funny this convenient USB power strip
and I get it oh it's a new design for
disinfectant for you softer hard slide
into second base forget it
this statue of brother helping his
sister out oh my gosh stop making
everything about anal it's dirty
okay we've seen this one so sexualizing
dogs it's not okay this sturdy hubcap
and again subpoenas it's a wheel of
penises made of metal this all--it iron
banister what a lot of lopsided penises
that they should probably get like
checked out for testicular cancer or
something that does not look healthy
these teens just being teens I don't
know about you but I don't put my fist
in my friends bomb holes this guy
enjoying his vacation what me-me-me
looking at this picture kid would feel
it no mess and they get it am I supposed
to get it you get it this impressive
display of taxidermy wow that is animal
incest yeah and get it this abstract
sculpture oh my gosh stop hating on art
just let art beep art stop making
everything about penises such a slot
this shattered iPhone funny this face
cleansing products morning burst in
shower facial I'll pass of course
anyone's mind how much to name like Anna
sounds like anal whenever I meet someone
good animal I can name like that I just
think you know what you know I mean
these packing instructions use your
hands and not your peepee I'm assuming
always meant to be a foot style this
family trucking company tripe Odie
brothers you know they really shouldn't
do that I'm pretty sure that's illegal
even in Australia Australia like come on
guys and this inspiring Bible quote
what's have your hand finds to do do it
with all your might
a skullet it is and the fish great can
we guess have dirty your mind is from
these twelve questions I don't know can
you stop it you're waiting in line at
the coffee shop and your order numbers
yeah what is that thing boy stop it it's
a dog someone exclaims in public wallah
so big you say blue balls are
I mean how's this person become famous
she talked she was a socialite among
famous people it's why her dad owns
Hilton Hotels or then we're just making
it up I'm going to assume she was in the
sex tape Kim had to learn from someone
random person runs up to you and tells
you they want to sleep with you they're
very attractive you have no idea who
they are where they're from or why they
want you how do you respond yeah let's
do it comfortable with that don't touch
me
he was supposed to be learning to swim
check out this ridiculous dog what's he
thinking how is this dirty yeah I think
he's just shook so I'm gonna go forget
me out let me guess your friends are
going to Bangkok how do you respond it's
been a while for me to join you me
though not me but also also me but not I
would I won't join you you can you can
keep it for yourself
it's fine it's fine I don't like boys I
do they just don't like me back you hop
on a friend's computer and see the name
of a famous person for being in naughty
flicks in the search box you then say
hey it's that name for flower
you really should clear your search
history oh man they're one of my
favorites I really love it when they do
is that are they probably you really
should clear your search history and
then it serves as a reminder for me to
share mine your friends are celebrating
their anniversary what gift you buy them
me how often do you have naughty Ford's
well sometimes I feel like being
especially bad girl and just not
cleaning my broom yeah sometimes I'll
spit my gum out on the floor in public
and leave it there it's sometimes my dog
poops I just walk away and pretend like
it didn't happen so yeah I have naughty
forts quite a lot I'm gonna go for a few
times a week reach out and touch someone
is a friend sir no no makes me chuckle
I'm gonna go for that one and idelle
friday night would be going on Dave
someone I've known for a while going
down my list of tinder hookups
going to watch the latest blockbuster
movie just me my favorite naughty
website yes yes I love watching
minecraft youtubers on YouTube I'm gonna
go for that one um I've watched that one
with the dog
I don't get it hurry up oh my gosh Wow
you're filthy wow I wish I looked like
that he's kind of cloud Bay looks like
you've got a lot of money so I really
shouldn't make jokes like that of the
amount of gold digger comments like yeah
the light wasn't light I'm just stop
stop stop
you're a born of PD freak and you're
first especially desires no but oh mine
is so dirty it's in point one percent
that light so concrete I don't know what
any of those words meant but I bet it
was so dirty okay let's do one more
how innocent you according to what you
first think let's play um I first of all
that was a bus so you know that's a good
one that's a puppy out of this and that
is I don't want to say that how is that
anything other than a boob is my
question as a hot dog oh my gosh I'm
really small that is a person that's the
but I don't get how that has anything
other than a but that's a tomato I don't
like tomatoes no joiners I don't like
tomato so I don't know how we knew that
am I going to see this is the lamp on
isn't it look problems and a lamp goes
off yeah dark as innocent again and I
don't see how that is anything but
repulsive you have a lot of more she
should get them checked out and that is
a bhrastika great that is also breast to
cool and that is a disgusting looking
but you really work home or 90% dirty
and 10% innocent what a surprise
if there is any dirty way to see a
picture you'll see it that way even if
the image is completely innocent I mean
you've got a point the first thing that
pops into your mind is dirty that means
you're an extremely open person there
are not many topics that make you
uncomfortable there are a few topics
that make me uncomfortable
honestly my financial stability makes me
kind of uncomfortable talking about how
much weight I've been putting on kinda
makes me uncomfortable pooping that
really makes me uncomfortable I'm really
pee shy do you know about that I used to
make a dedicated video I feel like I
should make a dedicated video to it yeah
I keep burping and your name which of
weeks I woke up a 5 p.m. so why am I
still talking you don't care um cool so
I mean I hope you enjoyed this video I
hope you learnt something about me and
how did you do what did you think about
some of these I really couldn't get
these experience me down below let me
know what videos you want to
for me next subscribe leave a comment
and also goodbye I have really nothing
else to say happy birthday
