hi what's up what's hi am was scooty
today I'm going to be bringing back a
series I kind of killed off after only
doing one installment of it so it wasn't
really a serious it was a video I said
it was gonna be a series and then didn't
follow through yeah
what can I say I guess I'm just
surrounded mine quirky and like the
other girls stick that dance and that is
memes of the month what I take you
through the best means I have seen in a
single month I break them on a scale at
Wando to 5 doges and how good they are
and how meme mean me they are whoever I
thought they were funny we're fair like
fun the layout I go into detail I got
FBI analysis completely get rekt anal
with these means I'm very serious about
this so if you're gonna make fun of me
for my hobby please click away after
hitting subscribe pressing that like
button turning on post notifications
leave me a comment down below oh okay a
couple of things you're probably point
out Kara why do you have this in your
hand this is one of these it's one of
those cold things you know it turns into
ice it's also saved if you like it you
know I mean and I'm holding all my
finger booze I don't know if you can see
I thought it would be fun
what actually I didn't forgive me fun I
would make myself seemed like when was
cheaper than they actually are just
happened to touch a frying pan that was
in use it had food in it it was very
very very hot almost as hot as a sample
of the doubt that I touched it did this
to me and they feel like I'm gonna have
this forever if frying pan has claimed
me the frying pan has Harry Potter to my
finger so I saved a bunch of really cool
memes in my phone that I have right here
so I'm just gonna scroll past all of
these selfies it just took because I'm
thinning and get right into it or I'm
wearing pajamas just because I don't
know I don't really have an excuse I
just guess I kind of wanted to first one
what genius this guy's lit AF lmao la
vie face times 5 smoked before my ID
picture so when I get pulled over hi I
look normal
oh my gosh that's so funny drug abuse is
literally so hilarious oh my gosh do
drugs kid eat marijuana drop out of
school I don't know if this was
intentional but I like the puniness over
this guys knit day after you get it
because he's like higher he's like knit
like 420blazeit I don't know what the
kids saying 69 snorted I don't know I
mean apartment is dude
actually look seven years old this is
funny good on you I give this a 3 out of
5 dodges purely because I think it's
just stereotypical millennial humor like
oh my god I do drugs isn't that so hip
and trendy haha you know I mean I'm kind
of bored of it now next one this isn't
that mean this is just when I see these
like popping up I always think wow what
like a great way to try and get me to
engage in your pose so then I also kind
of enjoy figuring out like what one I'd
like the most and for this one I've
decided to use 80% of my brain power
because I don't know if you guys have
seen Lucy but she can do some crazy
stuff she can ninja chop like actual
ninjas she actually like full whole gang
she actually escaped a gangbang she was
hardcore I know she didn't quite utilize
her skills right but I feel like using
80% of my brain power could very quickly
make me very rich not because I'd like
work for a while but probably because
I'd be able to figure out how to like
guess Bill Gates card number anyway I
don't know let me know down in the
comments which one of these you choose
I'm genuinely curious definitely not
spider-man powers because I hate
spider-man I give this a 0 out of 5
dough just because it's not even a meme
oh my gosh okay I put it into the Q&A a
couple of videos ago I went somewhere
else with my favorite meme I've seen
recently and this is a hundred percent
my favorite meme they just post over
Christmas time
Merry Christmas it is post my mom just
bought our cat a Christmas stocking even
though we're Muslims and don't even
celebrate Christmas she was like we
don't know what religion he is we can't
force him to be a Muslim he's a cat
I just feel is so funny because I
imagine the full person thirsty
personalization of animals it just hits
a sweet spot I love that so much but
imagine like a cat like holding a Bible
waddling into Church and sitting down at
a little chair thing in church I forgot
what they called a hemorrhage that's
just so long we got it for a bad story
Jesus I'm like sitting there and
listening to a surface about friendship
love unity and loving everyone
regardless of what they look like on the
inside or something in that way
outside weather or imagine a cat an
actual cat like walking into a mosque
putting down its little mat and like
with his little paws isn't that just the
funniest thing ever imagine a cat
opening a Christmas stocking
isn't that shit's funny I feel like if
animals were allowed to practice
religion it would remove a lot of
tension I give that five out of five
doges solid I don't
too often but that one really deserved
it it just made me laugh it just
triggered so many thoughts in my brain
the text was great everything was great
it was it was like it's Twitter font and
then tumblr and it just made me oh yes
okay next one again another
christmas-themed one personally I give
this a 3 out of 5 doges but I'll just
leave it here and let you figure out for
yourself again this next one
personalization of animals it really
hits it right on the spot also I do have
a soft spot for 2008 emos because I was
one this was like relationship goes to
eight year old Cara eight York Harold
wanted this apartment like the dog like
an actual boy I'm not that good at
actual boys so I'll probably just end up
with a dog so this is probably Mike but
like what I definitely give this a four
out of five DOJ's Percy because there
are in fact doses involved
personalization of animals everything
I'm just accuracy is brilliant it has no
fault and this next one everything about
this is just bottom because you could
genuinely just imagine Brittany Paris
and Lindsay in microscopic versions in
your head just like zooming around in a
car getting ready to SS up this is just
all so accurate that you can see
parish's she's going for it Lindsay
Lindsay wishes she was in rehab and
Brittany's just cheerleading parents
really great I wish I had a friendship
like this I also wish I had two brain
cells I give this a three and a half out
of five doges I think it's good it's
just like hahaha this is so funny oh my
gosh but it probably doesn't like stick
in your brain forever you know I mean
it's good for it's like just another me
this is funny
okay wait can someone explain please
like genuinely we're the beginning of
rappers names I don't get it why can't
they be big why can't they be medium hey
little pump I have a question for you
why are you not medium pump I really
don't get it there are medium pumps in
this world there are little pumps why
are you little one
when's medium pump at huh that's why I
fall I give it to it's okay but I don't
know I don't really have a reason okay
this one's a two-parter and I really
like this it was really funny and as a
European myself I could heavily relate
to this so someone's got like a map
of Europe and a bit of insight to
different regions over Europe this one's
like partially funny then that comes
like more funny they've split up into
crystal clear tap water very true
everyone eats dinner at 10 p.m. serve
squat you know I'm hoping a judge
because I've never been to any of those
countries you live in one of those
countries highlighted purple let me know
if you think this representation of your
land was correct I don't even know that
means and good old brexit and then the
next one in tomato Europe and patek and
then one Europe being Europe and vodka
Europe this is just great but I think
that map should be like this in the
future it's less nuclear war ii i give
this a 4 out of 5 doges applies to most
everyday situations when living in
europe and i thought it was funny in the
foyers relatable and hague alkyl anyway
next this next one is one you only get
like if you're above the age of to be
fair in this day and age you probably
above the age of four for ways to make
nut milk there are some almonds i think
i think that's a peanut I think that's
it I have no idea and I think that's a
walnut and this dude Wow
there's a fifth way this is funny I give
it free it probably isn't gonna stick
with my brain forever but like it
deserves a free you know what I mean
yeah Wow this one this one pushes the
boundaries of the memes a little bit you
could do anything on 2007 to 2012
Twitter I showed people how to cook
crack in the microwave and nothing
happened now I can't even call a fat
bitch fat I mean you can people actually
call me fat quite a lot but I get where
you're coming I mean he's got a point
it's important to accept everyone no
matter of their size race color that's
the same thing I'm trying to be positive
movie on Oh another one about fact Japan
doesn't freak about when it comes to
clothes sizes besides packed thank you
I'd give it a full when Kylie realizes
her baby isn't going to inherit her new
nose lips face because that's not how it
works
I mean this is very funny however I feel
like I feel like highly meme I just like
a little bit over use like if Kylie
once her lips face nose but to look like
that then let her do that
sister I saw this tweet about Kylie's
baby is really funny and it was likewise
Kylie acting like she's carrying
Renesmee and with the Volturi
that was funny anyway I give this meme a
free man I here's family restroom
sacrifice hit me though if I ever
accidentally had a baby I definitely
leave it somewhere or move you on this
next one I really like it because I
think it's funny because like
personalisation of Adam Wars I don't
know I don't know why no one else finds
out her it's me this cat the cat did
have one job and its job boys I'm not
really a massive fan of cats and more of
a dog person but this is I give it a
three it took me too long to get this
and once I did I was filled of rage I'm
just gonna leave on the screen and let
you figure out yourself I give it four
oh my gosh I love this one I absolutely
love it's only giving it a five before
I've even showing you my puppy won't
stop barking when we leave til we come
home help
copy problem says hello Angelica
unfortunately this is the page for my
band which happens to be called poppy
problems I'm on expert however I did a
little googling and it seems that your
pup has separation anxiety there are a
lot of resources out there I remember
best wishes something informative oh
that's cute you should probably change
your banding that's such a moist band
name and Angelica says my Joey my my dog
eats everything how do you know my name
there's a store in South Korea that
allows customers to choose whether they
want to be approached by staff or not
this is a really mean but I give South
Korea a five out of five doges firstly
because it puts off from being North
Korea's neighbor and I don't think I
could live with the anxiety of being
under that much constant pressure being
obliterated by nukes all of the time so
props to them and even in times of
terror they come up with great solutions
to be irritated by stuff I don't get why
people make their staff do this last for
example they make their staff irritate
you that just does the opposite effect
and makes me not want to go in there say
what else agree please let me know if
you agree this is why one of my favorite
things I'm obsessive asperity horse it
looks like it has a soul of another
Victorian era child it's like its own
business and the waters just like mommy
snapped me like it was a 4/5 because
there's a dog in ER I've just seen my
daughter quickly close a Wikipedia page
for bones sick sad in history just made
me laugh so hard I choked on my coffee
and something so yummy
thank you I don't care about the second
part so I'm getting give us a four I
wouldn't have missed a five if it didn't
have the person's reply I like this one
B this frequently accurate when you run
into an old friend and you're providing
two different waves but the love stone
when I run into old friends turns out
they're not my friends anymore and they
all hate me probably because I made a
video like this which you can go and
watch I said I'd make a part two
exposing lots of things I got from
people to figure out 20,000 likes you
can don't do that also I give this a
free society need shame if you don't
embarrass with Gracie kids in high
school they turn to adults who walk
their girlfriends around on dog leashes
in the more I mean yeah to please Billy
all of the weird kids don't do that
unless they're pretending to be dogs
then do it but generally don't please
because I was that weird kid I
definitely pretended to be a dog more
than once over the age of 50 step aside
Jake and Logan Paul let the true
flogging Queen take her phone back if
you don't quit soon well then good luck
charlie all that means I've got my title
for this video
I give that for I mean it's great it's
good some of this is still it from a
childhood game of tag this brings me up
far more than it should oh my god and
that's where we end it kids I don't know
if it bothered you I had this on my hand
the whole time it probably did whatever
I look like daily grind because I wanted
to touch a hot frying pan that video was
just something else let me know if you
like this let me know what you thought
of the means let me know if you thought
I got any of my judgments wrong I don't
know you can definitely go follow me on
all of my social medias they're right
here
to entertain you on a daily basis even
when I'm not daily uploading just 24/7
because this is my whole life and I
dropped at school to this boy like
whatever cool oh I'm such a mess
have a great day try not to have no
central crisis because I'm having one
and I can tell you they are not fun get
some sleep have some sleep for me
because I'm not gonna sleep drink some
water because on behalf of me because
that's not why I'm doing stay hydrated
peace love and restore my faith in
humanity please and I've noticed
something like that bye
