haha I'm definitely gonna need the cloud
cock was too showed me today hi what's
up what good house is now today's video
I mean it's gonna be hilarious but it's
not one of those videos that chances are
I'm gonna get death threats after it so
please like this video subscribe leave a
comment and support that helped me get
freedom tough times making actual
entertaining content it's probably one
of my most favorite things watching a
video back and actually laughing in it
myself that's really great and although
out of my way to do that even if that
means completely borrowing myself under
the bus and getting obliterated you guys
seem to love it when I Rose people who
have done me wrong and genuinely I love
it too because the best revenge is
success kids so when I shut down decided
I was gonna film this video I decided to
post a sneak peek of what the video was
gonna be like on my Twitter which
includes some receipts from the story
which I'm about to tell and uh someone
saw that and now I have new messages
source which makes sense that so far I'm
gonna get into it so pretty much as
we're filming this the video it's
continuing so if you think wow this is a
really funny story I'm hyped and you
want a part too because chances are this
gonna be what is this video I like okay
let's get reading by the way if you
haven't seen me before hi I'm Kara or so
press subscribe because it sounds like
it's me I guess I don't know this is
gonna be like super interesting I don't
even know where to start with this one
it's so it's a really special one it
started from something so insignificant
and minor and just escalating to
everyone hate kara kara needs to die
you're not wrong bitter bitch but at
least I'm owning it
this is this you're gonna be so great
because I have screenshots to like
insert through the whole video and I'm
just so excited because I have Lou so so
why do I start that was this one girl me
and herb just didn't really like each
other I don't really know why she had
done some very very very questionable
things not even to me just to other
people and I'd saw that and I'd heard
about that and I thought um I don't like
this I'm not the kind of person who's
just gonna jump on a hate bandwagon and
hate someone just because everyone else
is hating them it's kind of irrelevant
to the story but it's bad it's really
bad I'm knowing about that just
increased my disliking for this girl she
knew I didn't like I knew she didn't
like me it was just one of those things
you know those people you don't like
yeah she was that but I didn't really
think about her you know I didn't really
let her affect my day-to-day life I had
my opinions of her which I
quietly in my head didn't really speak
about her she was kind of irrelevant to
my life saw her every now and then I
thought wow weirdo but that was about it
but I guess she must have thought about
me a little bit more than I thought
about her I had somewhat of a social
media following at the time I'd say I
probably had about 100,000 subscribers
and then like 20k on Instagram or
something like that my it so grams here
you can follow it if you want we've just
hit a hundred kids really cool yes and
ever since like that starts to happen
because that started to happen while I
was in school people started just act
differently about me people just started
being weird towards me some people who I
knew didn't like me acted like they
liked me and then some people started
taking me for absolutely no reason like
people I hadn't even spoke to just
decided hey that here we go yeah we
don't like her I didn't let it get to me
too much but at the same time I had to
go to school every single day of these
people I had a couple of loyal friends
who would like to tell me what people
gain things behind my back so you know
if you're in one of those friendship
groups who really hated me despise me
wanted me to die and used to talk badly
about me all the time just know that are
you you've probably got a snake or two
and that helps me to avoid these people
that help me one of these people talk to
me just to be a bit like being at school
and not being sure whether people
dislike you or not or whether people
talk behind your back is bad enough and
then you have this whole online thing
going on a people is hating you just
like doing what you want to do it sucks
because by doing this I make so many
people happy on a daily basis you must
think I'm a go kit which is so
narcissistic and full of herself the
amount of messages like different people
are dealing with depression anxiety have
abusive home situations and go on the
Internet of 10 minutes and get
entertained by one of my videos yeah
that's not really anything to hate me
about I don't care if you find my
content cringe or not anyway to this
girl who openly didn't like me
apparently she posted this on her spam
account one day and if you're not new to
that's like a fence or spam account it's
basically where you just post stuff and
you just have like a couple of followers
on it like select people so you can just
all post what you want usually meant to
stop beef usually meant to be pathetic
on you get the gist she posts a
screenshot from someone else's account
who is another girl from my area
I met her maybe once or something she
seemed okay
and then she jacked me on her private
count I mean I just don't get people so
I saw this and I was like that's kind of
weird kind of sneaky I don't know but I
didn't care I was enjoying my life I was
living my life I was happy however
before we move on with the story we're
going to go into analysis mode
the caption of my post which she had
screenshotted was me talking about a boy
I was previously affiliated with and
compared him to barbecue pizza because
it's great and she quotes us with your
disgusting with your barbecue bathed
pizza I mean okay you know I wasn't I
wasn't particularly bothered about that
she's probably just showing how much she
disliked the pizza you know I didn't
really care no hard feelings I gather
you probably just don't like pizza
whatever but the second female this is
what kind of rubbed me the wrong way she
screenshotted it and said when you find
someone you can genuinely relate to in
every way thank you for understanding
now come on this girl she didn't like me
they tried to play office we used
talking about the pizza she opened me
didn't like me
definitely definitely wasn't about the
pizza it was about me and anyway she was
calling me disgusting and she said that
she could relate to her in every way
definitely wasn't about pizza it was
about me maybe she just like pizza too
but you know it was about me so I fought
whatever this is so stupid this is so
pathetic am I gonna let people sit here
and talk to me like this okay I wasn't
gonna let people sit there and talk to
me like that this was probably a bad
move on my part because this just made a
spiral out of control
and at the time I regret even responding
to this because it made everyone hate me
but you know what
everyone just must have hated me anyway
but this situation cause them to openly
hate for the batteries now I don't
regret it because I mean I've got some
pretty good content out of it oh my god
I just realized that one of my friends
liked that post you're gone where my
scissors hold on I put it on my private
snapchat which I got rid of because I
can be bothered to talk to these people
anymore
and I said something called alliance of
like if I knew I care this is so
pathetic you're so pathetic get over
yourself I'm an angry girl I like to
retaliate to things I don't know if one
of my faults I always used to act in
haste I always used to give people the
time of day you don't deserve time of
day but I've kind of stopped doing that
now anyway she's screenshots it and she
starts snapchatting me and it it just
turns into this whole big thing and
again very sorry I don't have a schedule
of this bit however the female in
question puts onto her private Instagram
page
and a big rant about me why she hates me
like why I'm pathetic or whatever I'm
not particularly proud of what I said
but what she said to me was probably it
was sort of something along the lines of
what you're gonna do they come and get
your stupid fans like to come and attack
me or whatever in my response I said
something along the lines of well at
least I have fans
that's super obnoxious I'm sorry but I
was angry okay I was I was so angry you
know one of those people just annoying
you when they breathe that was her but
whatever I could have said back to them
doesn't justify people just starting a
hate campaign for me for absolutely no
reason but like whatever I guess if
you're that bored I also think I said
something along the lines of hate me cuz
you ain't me or something like that
which again very obnoxious sorry but I
was I was kind of angry but that is very
important plays a fat part in this story
okay
next some girl who I really did think
was my friend some girl who I thought
really liked me she decides to
screenshot my response post it on her
own account and when I saw it I was kind
of shook because I genuinely thought
this person was my friend and for them
to come out and say something like
publicly in front of other people I
thought were my friends against me
something like really mean it's I'm
having a problem with me you know coming
to me personally talking about it just
like everyone else who takes out a tank
on the incent instead of talking me
personally I don't this girl starts
posting things about me I got kind of
sad and I retaliated once more with this
I wasn't saying anything bad I was like
okay you're so focused in my life like
get more focused in yours and maybe
you'll actually achieve something like
means that being salty about me
achieving something you know I mean
other people people who I'd literally
never really ever spoke to maybe once
maybe twice you didn't know me you did
not know me on a personal level at all
or I've ever showed any dislike towards
me who I haven't spoke to in literally
years decided that they wanted to jump
in and get onto the kira hate bandwagon
then I retaliated which I know I
shouldn't have done but you know when
you're in those situations you kind of
act impulsively yeah I retaliated and I
said this and this girl she didn't like
it she she was not okay with it this is
a new girl in the situation and her
response to what I said was
ding all high-and-mighty silly bitch
doesn't realize what she's gotten
herself into lobby face-off meet face to
face I didn't do anything I was just
angry that people were saying so I just
I feel like some people are just so
bored like they will really look for
anything to get angry about and then
this screenshot that I screenshot it and
added a caption to a girl I originally
thought was my friend said finally
someone agrees she is such trash now I
don't think she realizes how many people
she has made this like I had never done
anything to anyone apart from just being
on the internet doing my fame after
speaking some of these people apparently
people just didn't like the way I came
across you clap just hate me on a
personal level because I make videos you
think of grin I just don't get people
like this and then she said
Sharpay wants beef yeah bitch to me
honestly didn't make any sense because
people have their like misconceptions
about me but I never walked around like
I'm better new I never said that I never
acted that way because I knew that I
wasn't having like a hundred thousand
followers on something doesn't mean
you're a celebrity I wasn't in a place
to start acting although oh my gosh like
bowed my feet kiss my shoes and this
girl had never spoken to me actually
wait she did speak to me once so that's
that will stop being a pussy in person
about me on I don't even have on you and
bite me bitch I know she went to school
because I went to the same school as her
so I don't understand what he's lack of
literacy skills but coming from and then
she posted it on his Famicom I'm dead if
she even tried well the thing is I
didn't even try anything I was just
defending myself this was just a very
pathetic situation just to escalate a
situation just to make it just a little
bit more worse another girl jumps in
another person who I'd never really had
beef with who I was never really friends
as though third girl who got involved
said once upon a time I don't really
know what context I am now the fourth
girl says dead hmm and the third girl
says Guerra wants beef of me
let's end her I mean I don't know how
you plan on doing that and I didn't want
beef I just was confused as to why
everyone was attacking me and then you
go and then this girl says Oh
gee I've been waiting for this
opportunity my whole life yes yes what
I've never spoke to her I mean I had
spoke to her but like not on a personal
level
I'd never like wronged her in any way
and she's been waiting her whole life to
bring me down
I just don't know better things to do
like I know you went to school because I
went to school of you so like focus on
that and getting somewhere in life
instead of just hating me actually
doesn't make any sense
apparently she put something up about me
on her story until she got shook but I'm
so gassed her and her moist friends and
twelve-year-old fans come at me found my
friends just because they won't want to
be rode men who beef people at every
opportunity they could get doesn't mean
that moist just means that they're
normal decent people there's a fact
twelve-year-old fans and actually my
demographic is 18 to 24 calluses 6 micro
higher than yours
I'm someone who helps these 12 year old
fans on a daily basis whether that's
just by purely entertaining them or
helping them escape some harmful reality
so for someone who's so up themselves
about not liking people who think
they're better than everyone else then
why are you acting so salty about what
I'm doing get it to the fourth girl this
one who decided to intervene in the
conversation who I'd never had any
personal beef up decided to she'd get my
number somehow and start texting me this
was interesting you're a loser
don't put up about once you don't even
have you on snap fucking twats you're
boring okay yeah yeah I'm so boring that
you're entertaining yourself with me I
mean kind of contradictory right I don't
know what a freak and then finally I'm
creasing you watch I try beef me and
there click versus mine we would enter
them in a second
if anything happens at school are back
ug I'm so ready I wasn't even trying to
do anything genuinely in this school or
was this Hunger Games because everyone
was out to get everyone everyone was
teaming I'm teaming it's against the
wall I don't know it just makes no sense
to me this is so weird I was just I'm
just watching so we'll go down like what
are they gonna do to me I just forget it
and then I
into school a couple of days after sort
of a bit apprehensive a bit worried
because you know I was a job you hated
me who did it getting ready to do an
exam because this was in GCSE period
bear in mind what a great time occupy
yourself with me I don't know I'd love
to know what kind of grades you bowling
no one said anything to me so I mean
yeah like you were really scary and
intimidating and you you tried your
worst and you know you your argument
against me was you're hiding behind the
screen all of the time like when you
were literally hiding behind a screen
desper Seto I don't know what that means
oh and by the way I told you that part
where everyone was angry at me because I
was like hate me kid you ate me and
everyone was like here are people just
hate you because they hate you not
because they're jealous of you well the
guy who started this whole thing
she said lithium to me I'll just leave
this here I was gonna leave this but I
thought this was way too good of a story
to pass her and also I was out with some
friends the other day and one of them
told me that the girl who started it
still goes on his private account to
look through my private account to see
if I talk about her and before you go
doing that n wanted to lead today and -
I promise I don't think about you and
just to make the situation watch you
might be thinking Kyra like why are you
so angry I'm not angry this is just this
is great content and also after
apologising the final straw I don't know
if you remember but Jo Jo max made a
video about me like reacting to
something really super I did called like
crazy fidgets been a girl on drugs and
that was my title for a little while
this one spoonie weird overweight dude
decided to stalk me on every social
media I had to DM me on Twitter DM me on
Instagram and add me on snapchat and try
to like harass me because of this video
that Jon made reacting to me here you go
there's more than that and he was also
really good friends with the girl who
started there who then started posting
on her private account about me again
karma ex hetero like you get what you
deserve ki he he he I mean like not to
be proof but not really like which oh
and that's what a story ends kids but oh
no it doesn't there's a part to its
announcing
it's gonna make this video all over to
it to which you definitely follow me on
because I like to get your opinions on
stuff there has been a lot of hysteria
from various people involved in this
situation who are somewhat concerned I
was making this video I have received
threats public ones I have received
multiple messages which I haven't opened
yet however if this video gets 20,000
likes I'll do a part two and I'll do a
live reaction to those DMS on camera oh
yeah here's a sneak peek I love burning
bridges but like they hated me anyway so
it doesn't really matter what a book I
hope you love this good content leave a
comment down below if you've ever dealt
with a situation like this like at
school you know whatever if some
questions have ever tried to drag you
down because I have to do all that quite
a lot sadly this is such a weird
situation I don't really get what they
got out of their food you know what to
all of them who are definitely watching
there's no hard feelings
you can't really get mad at me for
posting about all my social medias when
you did the exact same thing just
because I have more followers and you
like God make each bitch equal peace out
