hi or so how's it hanging yeah I don't
you thinking you look you know kind of
like a drug addict you look really what
happened to you why did you let go I can
explain
I I can't I just didn't feel like I'm
ready I'm really sorry
in today's video this is a bit of a
weird one this is probably one I'm most
scared to make and I feel like I say
this at the beginning of every single
video I make but like the intensity of
the videos I'm making is really going up
like I'm really pushing the boundaries
with the things I'm saying the stories
are telling the people I'm talking about
like I'm starting to care less and less
about what the people in my life think
about me so there's that but this this
is on another level because this isn't
even about anyone else this isn't like a
story what I could tell and I'd be like
oh someone might get angry at me for
like revealing that personal secrets or
something like that if you think that
this is bad like you're gonna be taking
out me this story doesn't involve anyone
else but me so if you're disappointed by
this you're gonna be angry at me and
that kind of scares me
mostly scared of what the 40 year olds
are gonna comment adults know best
I was produced by sexual reproduction
spam egg I have parental figures in my
life I trying to do well I don't need
another mother so I don't care okay cool
I kind of got that one out this is been
negative yes you hit 300 files and
subscribers I don't know just like take
a look down there I'll just take a look
oh yeah me I don't know why okay think
about it that's a lot of people how many
things - 300,000 people fit not that
many probably small island somewhere I
have a small islands worth of
subscribers we haven't quite reached
city level but I don't get probably not
it just really blows my mind that that
many people liked me enough to be like
yo I like you although I kind of
convinced myself in my brain that most
people hate me and they just follow me
so they can laugh at me but you know
whatever like money's money I'm kidding
I'm joking I'm joking yeah I need to
stop making inappropriate jokes
that's my new is rather foolish I need
to speak English too so yeah I guess I
just wanted to say thank you but I'm not
like gonna feel
so I'm just going to like let some
feelings radiation emit from my heart
into yours because I'm not gonna say it
and that ties into this video this
genuinely very recently has completely
transformed the path of my life I'll get
into it time for a TV beep screen so I
don't have to explain myself
I think end the question a lot recently
hey Kara you still go to school mmm the
reason I've been getting this question
quite a lot is because I used to like be
really into school mostly because I
always believed that I was just never
good enough to do anything else I have
like genuinely loved YouTube and
everything about it ever since I was
really young when I first discovered it
I was like 10 or 11 and I made a channel
or two such a narcissist I have so much
self-doubt and I never thought that I
could actually do something I always
thought wow I'd really love to do that
but it's so unrealistic so I'm just not
gonna try it and I've always just been
very cynical like that until one fateful
day I had literally I had a broken leg I
was stuck in my room for like eight
months I couldn't do anything else and I
thought you know what I don't have
school to go to because I can't get to
it because I can't walk because I am
debilitated so if I can't go to school
no one can make fun of me for starting a
YouTube channel so I'm gonna do it I did
it and I'm here now thanks for breaking
for that period of time why I was
extremely cynical I really really did
try hard at school I might pretty smart
like it GCC's I got really good grades
and just remember I didn't go to school
for the whole of year ten so I managed
to scrape like sick aids and nine in
English Lit without really even
attending yet like I don't hate myself
too much in that department however my
brains always just been somewhere else
like when I'd be in a lesson anyone that
I went to school with who's in my
lessons would tell you this if we're in
a lesson opposed to be focusing on
something your brains supposed to be
over here mine was out of the window it
was bad because I tried so hard I wanted
to try so hard I walk into each lesson
and thank Hera today today you're really
gonna focus and you're gonna be cool and
it's gonna be a great scientist one day
halfway for every physics lessons
halfway to minutes for every letter
I'd concentrate and then suddenly I find
myself staring out a window and then
before you know it the teachers
screaming at me or Carolee review I just
said am i playing quantum energy and
she's like this isn't even physics
anymore isn't English I was always
really bad at chemistry as well what
actually I always thought I was really
bad and I used to try and that was this
one topping chemistry I just couldn't
get my mind around it ever they said to
one of my teachers she was really nice
and I said I just don't understand like
I try so hard I can't understand this
and I don't know why she said to me Kyra
you have a very beautiful mind and I was
like someone say beautiful she said I
think you're smart but your brain just
runs at a million miles an hour and you
just have too much going on in it to
focus and completely just learn one
thing from now on out I kind of just
came to the conclusion that no matter
how hard I tried I was it going to get
anywhere
so I spent probably the rest of year 11
while everyone else was sitting in study
periods actually learning for their
exams I spent it hatching a plan to
bring a dog into school I spent it
sneaking my friend it was an in my
English class into my English class and
hiding her at the back of the classroom
in a cupboard under my coat to see how
long we could get away with it and it
wasn't late breaking the walls in a
conventional way like he didn't run off
to go smoke weed in the woods at lunch
like most of the bad kids I did bad
stuff but the teachers found it hard to
be angry at me because it was funny and
that's just how it's always been
but throughout my videos I was always
like your education is away and it can
only take you so far I mean don't get me
wrong school is super important I would
have no brain cells in failing go to
school if my mind just doesn't stay in
its Lane it's in everyone else's leg as
I went into the sixth form into year 12
to do a levels I love you always asked I
did physics math and geography like I
just I just couldn't when September
happened and school went back people
came into my life things like impacted
me differently and I fought fam I have
this whole YouTube channel right here
that I'm not doing anything with I'm
just I have this great opportunity this
great advantage to like live out the
dream
I had when I was like 11 and the one
that I still wish that I would have
carried out I have the opportunity and
I'm just letting it sit there I'm
letting it rot away to sit in to school
and do a repeat of the GCSEs and get the
Bad Brains not because I'm not trying
but just because I just couldn't I don't
know I'm not making like any excuses
myself I know I probably could have
tried harder what led to the drop out
October is when I really started gaining
again I really started putting effort in
my videos I tried to start a daily
uploading and I was really happy as all
they wanted to do all I wanted to do is
like work on this channel grow it get
more of you guys because the more and
more of you guys there are the more and
more support that comes through and like
Twitter and Instagram and snapchat every
single day and the happier I was getting
the less like depressed and sad or
everything I was because I wasn't like
depressed and sad but like on the inside
I was that's also deeper so even like my
soul this black knowing that I'm quite
content with my life and quite contempt
and direction rather than if I died
tomorrow I'd probably be like yo like
did alright sort of kind of not really I
wouldn't be totally unsatisfied with the
way things are ending let's put it that
way so we get to October time I haven't
really talked about this much because I
obviously was at school and I didn't
want to speak about it cuz I didn't go
well I made a video I'm here to be fair
I probably shouldn't have made it it was
vlogging school for a day and I was so
proud of this video and then my mum gets
me mother next day from my school saying
you know Kira's uploaded a highly
inappropriate YouTube video that Donna
so I private it her and I went to school
and I went to deputy heads office and
she was like here oh this is really bad
then they sent me to the Child
Protection Officer I nearly cried to
this woman it takes a lot to make me sad
enough to like show my emotions to
someone I don't even know like it
honestly takes a lot I made so it
depends up stuff I was so scared about
the rest of my life because I knew deep
down no matter how hard I tried at
school I just wasn't gonna get to where
I wanted to be and if I wasn't being the
best of the best
at school it really like depress me and
I just I don't want to do something that
I can't might be great at I didn't want
to finish school
being mediocre I mean I'm still being
pretty mediocre but yeah again I could
have taken me to I could have taken film
or something too you know that was what
I was interested in if I wanted a career
in media it's a hell of a lot easier to
accomplish and get a career in media
through taking advantage of the decent
size YouTube channel that I already had
that had so much potential to grow that
was growing then stay at school then go
to university has to out-compete all of
the competition there not it have learn
or gain any actual skills they don't sit
you in a university lecturer telling you
how to do a vlog which is what the kids
want these days isn't now Sam I'll just
I'll just do it myself
got to our detention off the school and
the head teacher he had a conversation
with me and this was like really sick
with me forever because I always thought
he'd be really angry at me for doing the
talk at school and whatever but instead
he said to me like I don't want to stop
you doing what you're good at
you obviously have a talent you know
passionate about it just and it made me
just I had never had someone in a
position of authority say that yo what
you're doing is okay he doesn't get my
laptop out onto the table and try and
like any pieces of videos I had to go up
later then my teachers would like tell
me often it was theirs I'm not gonna say
that I want to get more time I don't
know I feel like I'm doing the right
thing and that's all that matters I
might be home this next year but you
know what we'll wait and see life's all
about risks and I would have regretted
it a hell of a lot more if I didn't do
this so you know what I don't really
know what else is there thank you for
free on your answers Robert that's a
such a strange number hmm please one if
too many hate comments okay I'm really
scared about this okay goodbye
