what I do that I'm trying to push a bed
with one arm hi what's up what's good
what's good
oh my gosh today's video it's kind of
serious it involves my feelings and it
involves my feelings being hurt you may
be thinking Kyra what feelings and to
that I say they're buried under a couple
of layers of skin and organs and blood
vessels and deep deep deep insecurities
but they're there I think I had a doctor
check it out he said that I do in fact
have feelings I am a human hair Utley
and I might be a sociopath there's that
no I didn't I didn't go to a doctor yeah
I probably should though generally you
guys are loving kind sweet that's the
lie but a lot of the time you make me
feel really accepted you make me feel
all warm and fuzzy inside you make me
feel like gonna make me feel in the
world partners are for cars with Muslims
whereas of me but then sometimes you
really mean and it doesn't I'm gonna
talk about that before I get into this
video we are so close to 300 thousand
subscribers by so strange you've been
doing YouTube like a year and we're like
here thank you
like I honestly I don't know how I feel
about it is weird 300,000 is such an odd
number like free it's just like a weird
numbers let's hurry I'm get 400 others I
didn't even think I'd get thousand
subscribers I remember when I first
started my channel being so close to
18,000 subscribers and sometimes YouTube
does his thing or just like deletes a
bunch of inactive accounts and it
deleted like 600 of my subscribers and
to start again and I'm really depressed
I won't kill myself do you have a
subscriber hi I'm Kara
shake my hand or don't that's really
dirty and this my channel that I made so
you can impress subscribe yeah let's get
into the mental breakdown let's get into
the things that you guys had to say to
me so when I first started my channel
Nichol my first ever hey Colin I was
kind of excited I was like wow I'm
really making it in the words of Jay
Paul haters are your biggest band if
someone is spending the time sitting
around hating on you
make up lies about you trying to do bad
things too I don't know it's because
they're thinking about you probably
they're just jealous of you unless you
actually killed like a baby or something
nothing you could ever do it's that bad
to warrant someone just being completely
pure evil to you so haters are if that's
your biggest fans because they spend the
most time thinking about you so if
anyone is hating on you for being
bullied at school just go fool Lindsay
Lohan on them and you'll be fine why are
you so obsessed with me okay let's get
what's the mean word that's not what
this video is wow wow that that's that's
a lot mmm what's up dice aah dice aah
dice aah dice aah dice aah dice look the
next day that's not that's not dice like
this okay honestly like I wonder why
people call me die honestly I have no
idea honestly like I've never given the
impression that ok let's try her next I
like ho more because ho can be used in
like a sappy way like oh my god bro
you're such a ho I'm living for it your
garden hoe because I want to put you in
my soil please I put me in your poop
I think you're a ho but why am I to
judge by the way you've got big boobs
peach
Tom I've always thought this them 13
year old boys are just another species
it's almost like boys get to 12 and then
they just get taken away for a little
bit they just they just get sent off to
a camp somewhat not concentration camp
not like you hear that but like you know
I mean I'm 13 year old boy camp where
they don't kill them they just leave
them that with food they don't starve
them they just I'm digging myself a hole
here they just put the boy in somewhere
else oh you put them to sleep for it
yeah okay
and then they replace them with like
alien clones when they're 13 and these
alien clones 76 percent of their
vocabulary is just big boob you should
read my interview at the end I get
scared every time I open my DMS not only
oh my god who's gonna rinse off my
titties today oh this this is a good
comment what is a home if you're
watching this and you are also thinking
what is a ho - I pee evil either dude oh
ho ho it's Mexican such as Spanish yep a
ho is Spanish for beautiful lady go call
your mom oh ho honestly sure appreciate
it so much in fact you've got
grandmother is she still alive
yeah call herewho to
please don't don't report me to child
line or something we got this tray
boring yeah the only one that really
ever gets me is my people who'll be
boring because I'm not boring I'm so fun
so fun look look at me being fun that
was so fun
oh this is a great one while your
channel is kind of boring but I am NOT a
hater thanks Nicky nastiness what does
everyone have such unpronounceable names
I feel like just in the world there
should be a test
wait this is gonna cost some with a lot
of money somewhere but everyone every 7
billion people in the world apart from
like if there's a race of people who
don't get named for some reason I don't
know actually I think we should all just
be numbers how much easier would that be
but then you'd be calling someone like
seven billion one hundred and twenty two
million six hundred and forty five I
tried but Kira for president in what
year is the next one
Twenty twenty okay twenty that's scary
don't let that happen please I don't
want to die but I also don't want to be
eighteen the fact that I'm 18 in ten
months is so scary when people tell me
they're seventeen I feel like every
other seventeen-year-old is so much
older than me I feel like they all look
so much older than me like I generally
and look 14 come and tell me I don't
know 14 look Noah Cyrus yeah she looks
just like me as she's 17 but doesn't she
look like she's about 20 years older
than me but she still looks 17 so that
means I must look 12 wait that must mean
I look - free oh my god like a sperm
let's just burn in the comments I'm a
sperm that should have been swallowed
I have no self-respect apparently let's
try booty but all about PG
family-friendly here okay so that no one
came for the booty but like I'm just
looking for compliments here I'm not
even looking for her please feed my ego
how about we do this thing we will say
one nice thing about me in the comments
that's rich fat people have been calling
me fat recently and like I agree so I
went on a diet and I just ate oranges
for four days but like I didn't do it
intentionally so I really like oranges
and I've been eating like a today I
genuinely am going to die I started
eating them and then I couldn't stop and
then all I wanted was oranges and
regular food just doesn't taste
many more i ordered pizzas yesterday and
I like couldn't eat it I just I just
wanted oranges I don't I don't know it's
probably because before that I hadn't
swallowed a vegetable in probably 10
years so body smell actual vitamins and
not chemicals it it just it just keeps
wanting them we found out of oranges now
so I'm not eating I'd lost a lot of
weight though don't do it oh that's cute
Oh one's really calling me fat the only
people calling me fat I give me that oh
I feel weird okay okay you guys you were
you're nice I didn't even have to put my
cloud goggles on to protect myself from
weird species well now my mental
breakdown has been induced I'm sad a few
videos ago I said if we've got 15,000
likes I would cut off my hair there it
goes
I'm actually genuinely really scared
let's take a bit from underneath first
my hair looks kinda cute today though
finally what new shampoo that matches my
curly hair I should make a video
brushing my hair for the first time I'll
be funny later why did I do that
why Mike actually genuinely considering
doing this now
well my priorities are really in order I
think I'd look like Lord Farquaad um I
mean I didn't try to be honest I think I
need a bit of like it's the ends trim
anyway you know I'll be really cool you
know that hairdresser who reacts to
videos it's like jenna Marbles pink tape
and hair extensions I want him to make a
video of me that'd be so funny it please
so much Peters at home I mean it looks
gross I'm in life pilot patch let's sell
this on eBay as I leave they auction my
hair oh maybe I should sell my hair and
then donate all of the money to like a
dog charity accelerate dogs so everyone
who's gonna say look like I should cut
off my hair and donate it I can't do
that because underneath this brown it's
like bleach and then diaper out and you
can't donate bleached hair as we learn
with the case of ladypoints so there's
that okay so next time I upload a video
chances are weak and I have 300,000
subscribers which is so weird we see
this time last year we were on like
70,000 maybe 80,000 I'm shook I find
that so weird you know it that's the
right mother down below and stuff and
subscribe to me and leave a comment of
what you want me to do for my 300,000
subscribers special if I do that I don't
mind thinking about releasing some new
merch soon everything I've got so many
ideas and there were so many things I
wanted to do so I I like you very much
and always see me cry have a great day
thank you for being family that I never
had I'm so grateful for this I'm so
grateful for all your support I'm so
grateful for you always being left me
standing up for me like I've never had
friends as loyal as you guys genuinely
it shakes me everyday I think wow I must
be dreaming like Jesus is for all of you
really does be this damn good thanks
amen peace out that's not my outro
