exploiting the death of someone for a
YouTube video bad hi oh wow really doing
this I'm actually doing this I'm
actually filming this I'm actually wow
I'm so proud of me before I started
filming this no lie i sat here for about
10 hours like this i procrastinate to
filming this video more than I'd ever
procrastinated filming anything in my
life I don't know why I just that's a
dog okay yeah everything's just weird
today can you stop looking because
people are gonna think that that sound
is me doing something else okay so I
mean why do I even start you guys wanted
me to talk to you about some stuff so I
was like okay boy I'm an open mouth and
say some things for you in this video
don't ask if I'm wearing a bra because
the answer will be no and I think your
opinion will change of me I think could
be disgusted to know what goes on
underneath all of this like clothes oh
and would you meet underneath all this
clothes I don't like a baby hooker look
this is like that big what I just so you
know just for the record just gonna like
throw it out into the universe there was
a dog down here the whole of this video
if you're wondering why I'm looking so
guilt eats because he's staring at me
looking at me like he wants to say wow I
really wish I would have swallowed you
even though he's not my parent he might
as well just be Brooke hi yes you parent
me better than anyone
yes who drew keep me in line you bite me
when I move and go around the house and
that's why I don't talk to my mother
anymore because she's always with you
and never with me it's the video do you
guys do you wanted to know about some
stuff you came to me on my Twitter and
had a responsive on there and
interactive so you could like go and
follow it you know I mean although they
validate me war for some reason all of
your question well this same so let's
give for a few of them first do you like
chicken wraps too soon okay or I don't
like you think considerate people lose
my things well what are your favorite
memes at the moment my favorite like
posts I've seen on like Twitter or
Instagram or anything was one that
happened over Christmas and it was a
some woman forcing her cat to be a
Muslim I'll leave it here
I also liked it I started this series
and never follow from a bit where I did
like memes of the mom for like a FAL you
hated memes and break it down out five
doges on like how good they were really
analyze them give this video a thumbs up
if you want me to like do mean to them
um again oh my gosh okay so if you're
new to my channel I've got a little of
this immediate talking it's just like
super weird to you but like subscribe oh
my gosh subliminal messaging dude
anyway yesterday I uploaded a video a
story time with live footage of my first
kiss yeah I still copy what did that one
up would go for my mind anyway
so the boy in question I named him Greg
he found out he found out because you
but absolute savages and you just don't
care you decided to go follow him on
Instagram thanks for that and so he puts
on his story mmm I wondered why I was
getting so many followers huh and one of
my friends says that's me because
obviously how they blocked him off me
bro
I'm like oh no they gonna press charges
and so I put on my snapchat the face you
make when someone finds out that you
made a story talking about them and yeah
that happened I mean you didn't like
cool police or anything no one's trying
to sue me so I think we're okay if
you're watching this at him I mean I
could have said worse things are you
going to cut all of your hair off well
okay so a few videos ago I said it's
that video I've got to 10,000 likes I'd
cut my hair off
number one didn't realize how much of a
commitment that was number two who
didn't think it would actually get
10,000 likes a fast oh yeah over those
things happened so I thought surely they
don't actually want me to do this so in
yesterday's video I was like hey big
commitment and I was like come on 15,000
likes on this video and then I'll do it
and it's on 14,000 likes right now is
that something good interest in seeing I
mean I'll link it below and you could
like it why am I telling you I don't
want to cut my hair off I don't know I
feel like for me to cut my hair off or
something I should probably like donated
to charity or something like that
let's be real I'm probably gonna cut an
inch off anyway no question do you
believe in the Illuminati know what
absolute lies whoa oh I totally stupid
conspiracy theorists smh cut someone
else if I've taken down my local poor
shrine yeah that happened the answer is
yes
um well to be fair at the time I took it
down because I needed to put other
things at that space of the wall it made
me really sad and I mean yeah I've never
had like posters of like celebrities on
my walls growing up as a kid like I
never had like Justin Bieber on my wall
so I can like look at him at night in Li
do dirty things mainly because eyes
really creeped me out this is really
weird this is just getting into a whole
conspiracy theory by make certain the
government's like watching us through
everything I always cover up the little
camera thing on my macbook I don't like
eyes look at me I don't like photos of
people places it just creeps me out I
always feel like I'm being stared at by
like some Russian FBI I'm not even doing
anything bad it just feels wrong I don't
even have my dog sleep in my bedroom
because he stares at me while I'm asleep
and they feel like he's a government spy
anyway that's totally off topic what are
you talking about but that's why I took
the Logan Paul shrine down although I do
definitely have this Inspira C fairy
I always put perfume on before I can own
a video can you smell it Jimmy Choo
that's because I have this buried in the
future someone's gonna invent like
smelling technology where you can like
smell things through camera like an
absolute 9 d temp D I don't know 14 what
does that even mean and that you're
gonna be able to like smell me one day I
need video so I always wear perfume like
just in case that happens because if I
haven't like showered in 10 days I don't
be able to know that up maybe it's like
an poster your daddy you don't want to
worry anyone else that I wonder why it's
almost like I asked you to ask me that
so many times I can have a good time so
the phone now I would never know I felt
like that to address this in a video
because like two videos ago I wore it's
beautifully crafted maverick March in a
video as like kind of a mean because it
was about 2017 like you're bound up a
bit and well like I think I'm gonna
pause the biggest thing happened to the
whole entire world in 2017 I think the
starving kids in India even like seeing
the full of Jaipur yeah Donald Trump
definitely knows he looking for it
anyway presides a point I wore this and
I was like Logan's my boy
I love him well that was before he you
know they filmed a dead person forest
yeah I think it was super with he did
that I just like don't get how he didn't
think in his mind hmm
people are gonna react badly about this
like even if he was a complete sociopath
have no empathy had no emotional
connection to someone literally like
dying in a forest on a tree yeah surely
he's a smart enough guy I mean you've
gotta be like a pre intellectual to get
that many subscribers to think wow
people aren't gonna like this I watched
it and when I watched it like first came
out I thought look at this this is this
is questionable I'm not I'm not sure how
people going to feel about this and then
no one actually reacted about it and
like for like two days and if she took
like two days to be able to get angry
about a bitch surprising I was like wow
the Internet's really lost its spark
into it's really lost its offended about
everything no so oh no the internet it
in fact not lose its spot I think and I
like had to say something about it just
purely because I've said in so many
videos I like wanting to be my daddy and
stuff exploiting the death of someone
for a YouTube video bad that's a bad way
move on though sure look I'm not talking
about you I'm sorry c'mere
a lot of you want to know what I'm going
to do with my maverick March and I mean
it pains me it pains me to say this
Logan Paul is no longer my boyfriend I I
can't deal with the hate that comes from
being associated with him this isn't a
sub-tree I'm really disappointed like
adds so much faith he would do good the
Maverick much is definitely the comfiest
merchandise in the game and i didäôt
this yeah it's really saddening hey
Sherlock what's a much hey commit this
is yours now how do you feel about that
one speak to the camera about how you
feel yeah it's solved you like it okay
you can have it because I'm not out to
hurt any more of a white people get
angry at me okay so um that was me
telling you what I think about things
that are happening in the world right
now
if you haven't subscribed to my channel
should they subscribe woof
they should they should tell me shit
they should you should subscribe to my
channel you know what you get a free dog
with every subscript no say hit you get
you get a free dog with every
subscription because you can be camera
Oh didn't they train you better
performance dog playing now that you're
dead I mean shows like this video if
various purposes yeah and I can't really
think of any more things I should tell
you to do this was a bit of a weird one
put your penis away okay goodbye
after doses dirty boy now
you
